  at least , due to the asymmetric nature of the iraqi civil war , infrastructure could be built . 
   it 's very difficult to know what to do in this situation . 
  on the one hand there is a dictator who has no qualms about killing his population , on the other there is a fragmented group which ca n't really take control of fight effectively . 
  it 's sad to see . 
  also , some of the rebels also have some troubling links to al qaeda and other extremist factions . 
  it 's a really hard choice -- a classic catch-22 , `` damned-if-you-do , damned-if-you-don ` t '' situation . 
  the current bloodshed is obviously unacceptable , but unfortunately i do n't think we 'll be seeing a cushy , western-style secular democracy coming out the other end of this conflict regardless of who wins . 
  i never realized there was such a large population differential between the two : greece at ~ 11 million , turkey at ~ 75 . 
  there 's no way they could keep up with the turks , if only due to reduced manpower . 
  i spent about 7 months traveling the world in 2010 . 
  i stopped in each of the baltics . 
  i loved estonia -- i only visited talinn , but it was an absolutely beautiful city . 
  nope , i was only there for 4-5 days . 
  i was able to avoid that icky foreigner atheist food 'til i got out of there . 
  other cultures sure are scary !, 
  estonia into nordic , then estonia into space . 
  estonia stronk, 
  i 'm an american who knows where estonia is and has been there . 
  ama . 
  yes , but think of all the lives that were saved by using a multi million dollar top secret surveillance system to keep this german au pair from nannying with an improper visa status . 
  * much * beyond . 
  the us stores metadata , and only then from verizon ( or so we know ) . 
  wow . 
  this is truly a terrifying level of surveillance . 
   i do n't see any reason why she would lie about it , surely she would know the difference between messages and facebook posts . 
  there are * many * links in the chain where this could go wrong . 
  right now , we have one google-translated german source claiming this . 
  it is by no means definitive , and we really do n't know what was said . 
  i 've been interrogated at a border , it 's a terrifying experience . 
  she 's never been to the us before ( presumably ) and is being asked questions in a bare room that seems like it 's right out of the x files , not knowing * what * is going on ... so under that kinda stress ? 
  i absolutely think she could have made a mistake . 
  look up the many , * many * studies on about how eyewitness testimony is incredibly inaccurate , especially during stressful situations . 
   you are arguing from conjecture , we simply do n't know but we have no reason to believe this kid is lying . 
  i 'm arguing from logic . 
  there are many , many border guard posts over the us : loads of international airports alone , plus many land crossings . 
  do you think all of these -- or even a large subset -- have * direct * access to * the * most secret us surveillance program ? 
  and not only do they have access , but they * know its capabilities * -- rendering it useless if it got out to the wrong person . 
  border agents require little to no security clearance in the us . 
  do you think the us government would trust hundreds uncleared border agents to get direct access to facebook messages ? 
  come on . 
  be realistic . 
   so you are saying it 's impossible that border patrol could n't possibly have access to prism either directly or indirectly and some over zealous border guard did n't print off some evidence they found to justify the decision to kick her out . 
  i 'm saying it 's about as likely as mcdonalds getting access to prism records . 
  after all , mcdonalds workers have identical security clearance . 
  also , your comment clearly shows that you do n't understand how border security works . 
  let me repeat this : * they do not need any reason to kick you out * . 
  if you are not american and you fail to convince a border agent that you intend to return , they can plop you on a plane back to europe . 
  the uk does the same thing , which is why i never fly on a one-way ticket and always keep some bank statements with me . 
  your argument is , essentially , rather than simply asking her to leave the country , they ran her name through * the most classified anti-terror surveillance system in the entire us government * for shits and giggles , and , when they found some messages , * printed them off * ( us government top-secret machines like that are not connected to printers ) and * showed the capability of that system to one of its targets * . 
  why would they even care ? 
  what would make this german girl so special as to deserve attention from the nsa ? 
  do you think the entire us border security team and intelligence agencies are high on crack ? 
  have you ever worked with any remotely classified information ? 
  that 's simply not how it works . 
  yes , this is true : i 'm originally from south carolina , so i know that things are different outside sf ( though it 's easy to think otherwise sometimes ) . 
  i just think the us and russia are on completely different levels when it comes to homophobia . 
  another lesson here : do n't fuck around with international borders . 
  i 'm going through the immigration process now to the uk , it 's a huge pain and they take things * very * seriously . 
  they will come down hard on this girl , she 'll have trouble going back to the us for a number of years . 
  border security is no joke . 
   article states `` private correspondence '' not public so people are curious how it would be possible for a `` low level border agent '' to have gotten a hold of them . 
  i 'd bet dollars to donuts that the author is wrong . 
   it could easily be a simple computerised check . 
  you think that us border agents have a `` read person x 's private facebook messages '' machine ? 
  that 's even * more * of a giant security hole . 
  yes , i was exaggerating for effect , because the whole thing 's laughable !, 
  a system like this becomes useless if your enemy knows it exists . 
  by showing random german girls their capabilities , you render the entire system useless . 
  do you really think the american intelligence system is that stupid ? 
   ok , now you are just using a silly exagerated situation and it is n't helping your argument . 
  ( which i do get ) no , i 'm not . 
  that is literally what would have to happen for prism to be involved . 
  the people who are being silly are those who think that this has anything to do with the prism program . 
  my argument is that this is a stupid nonstory being dishonestly spun by a journalist that just reflects a normal border interaction that happens hundreds of times per year . 
  she wanted to work without a visa , boasted about it on facebook , and got turned away . 
  i 'm glad she did ; it 's an example of our border service doing its job . 
  you can bet if i tried to do the same i 'd get turned away at the german border . 
   do we have any reason to believe this kid is lying ? 
  they probably showed her some wall posts , and she was probably scared out of her mind . 
  lying ? 
  no , but mistaken ? 
  i think that 's infinitely more likely than what you 're proposing . 
  so , from occam 's razor , you believe it 's more likely that border patrol used a top-secret intelligence gathering network that was so secret most members of congress were n't briefed about it , then showed the results to the girl , than that she was simply mistaken and they used the same tactics * every other border control agency in the world * uses ? 
  answer the following questions : * why would they show her ? 
  * why would they * need * facebook messages to send her back ? 
  lack of a return ticket and * any * suspicion from a border agent is enough . 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  are you interested in buying a bridge ? 
  background , sure , governments share background info all the time . 
  we 're not talking about background checks , though . 
  you 're essentially arguing that they * printed out her private facebook messages and showed them to her * . 
  why in heck would you * show * private messages to the person you just stole them from ? 
  especially if the way you got them is incredibly top-secret ? 
  it 's ridiculous !, 
  let 's use occam 's razor here . 
  well , we already know 100 % that the dutch and british had access to prism . 
  the belgians received prism data . 
  at the border they already pull people aside who have one-way tickets . 
  i 'd almost definitely say that a customs person simply googled the girl and found wall posts .
