  til the uk is in the eurozone . 
  the uk 's increased quarterly growth is only recent ; if you look at the last few years , the uk took a while to get out of its economic mire . 
  the debt defaulting is unlikely ; regardless , the resulting free trade will still be good for both the american and british economies , slashing down complex export restrictions and allowing firms on both sides of the atlantic to cooperate and trade without needing an army of lawyers . 
  plus , it helps out british startup culture : you 're opening up a high income , english-speaking economy of 315 million . 
  the us is growing at a significantly faster pace than almost all of the eurozone ... 
  honestly i think the most we 'll get from the unsc is some toothless `` reinforcement of commitment to peace in eastern ukraine '' . 
  this seems to be different : this is an actual invasion by the russian standing army . 
  in my head i was wondering what they 'd do if western nations bombed the russian columns in ukraine ; would they declare it a direct provocation and ask for bodies to be returned , or stick to their guns and deny , deny , deny ? 
  nope , russia will veto any strongly worded letter . 
  part of me wants to see the us , uk , or some other western power just jdam the russian tank incursion . 
  they are claiming the forces in ukraine are not russian , just some local rebels , so it would essentially force them to either take it and shut up or admit they are in ukraine . 
  i know it 's not realistic , i 'm just curious how the russians would respond . 
  i 'm not trying to cast any sort of judgement on whether they should or should not speak the language or whether the flemish are excluding muslims or not . 
  i was just speculating on why there may be a disproportionate amount of islamic extremists in flanders . 
  i do n't think social isolation of muslims in flanders is the fault of the flemish at all ( at least not to my knowledge ) ; i think it 's natural that an islamic person , especially one from an arab country , would have more in common with other islamic arabs and thus naturally have a greater social circle ( note : i 'm using arab as an example ; i know not all islamic immigrants in belgium are arabs ) . 
  maybe the muslims in wallonia have a larger network of friends , thus feel less excluded and this less prone to extremist rhetoric ? 
  i guess you 'd have to ask the irish how much better ed milliband would really be ... 
  the population of ireland is around five million compared to the uk 's ~ 60 . 
  it is not op 's job to perform an investigation . 
  that 's for the police to do . 
  if op has a strong , reasonable suspicion that his friend may be telling the truth , he has a responsibility to report . 
  the police/security services will perform the investigation and determine whether his friend is an actual bad-news jihadist . 
  it 'll be democratically voted on as soon as it 's ready to be released . 
  it has to make it through all european legislatures plus the us congress in order to be ratified . 
  nothing is going to be agreed upon before it is made public . 
  it depends on the state , but in general it is legal to sell raw milk cheese if its been aged 60 days or more , so harder cheeses can be made raw . 
  softer cheeses ca n't though , unfortunately . 
  it depends , there 's `` american cheese '' which is the horrible processed stuff , then there 's cheese from america , which can actually be really nice ( especially in the wisconsin area ) . 
  unfortunately the two often get confused :-( . 
  yeah this is just plain wrong . 
  the us constitution applies to anyone -- visitor or citizen -- in the usa . 
  is there * any * `` prestigious '' or `` important '' categories in engineering ? 
  i think ranking the sciences is a bit stupid . 
  the us constitution applies on us soil , i believe . 
  if you 're here on a visa or even as part of the vwp , you 'd be extended the same rights as a us citizen . 
  leased land , e.g. 
  guantanamo bay , is unfortunately a more complex issue :-(, 
  human rights are n't solely restricted to those with european citizenship . 
  you do n't stop being human simply because you give up your citizenship . 
  lindemann 's and such really are n't proper kriek -- it 's essentially just beer with fruit juice dumped in . 
  i was lucky enough to meet the brewmaster at cantillon a few years ago as my friend was filming a documentary about belgian beer ; they make , in my opinion , the best lambic in the world . 
  most american fruit beer is definitely not sweet . 
  it 's sour , or you just get a hint of the fruit on the palate . 
  i 've never had a sweet american craft brew -- come to think of it , the only really sweet beers i 've had were belgian . 
  edit : the two i can think of are the whole lindemann 's lambic line and leireken wild berries ale , which unfortunately tastes like vomit -- normally i love belgian ales , but this one i could n't finish . 
  kriek is certainly traditional beer ... plus very few us beers have fruit and sweet flavors in them ; have you actually tried any american beer ? 
  you seem to catch a remarkable amount of shit for trying to explain rudimentary concepts in international treaty negotiations/game theory/economics . 
  not that your amount of knowledge is rudimentary , it 's just fairly obvious to me why these deals have to be negotiated in secret . 
  and it 's not to protect the deal from the eyes of joe euro , it 's to protect it from the lobbying of `` evil '' corporations , special interest groups , pressure groups , lobbyists , etc. 
  i think people here assume the secret negotiations are binding , failing to realize the public deal has to be ratified by the elected representatives of every single government involved . 
  unfortunately every corner of reddit has its own particular circlejerk where facts , history , and data take second place to gut feeling and emotion . 
  ttip happens to be / r/europe 's . 
  i 'm honestly not convinced reasonable discussion about ttip is possible in this subreddit -- having an opinion against the hive mind is enough to get one called a * paid shill for the us government * for fuck 's sake . 
  they 're not a `` serious '' candidate unless you have a very different definition of the word than i do . 
  there are a few ( mostly european ) bloggers and reporters who 've played with the idea . 
  that 's it . 
  excellent defense agent 6748a , you 've made the five eyes proud . 
  do you prefer cheque or bank draft ? 
  lithuania has some incredibly impressive international basketball teams . 
  out of curiosity , do lithuanians commonly follow the nba at all ? 
  why is n't snowdonia there ? 
  depends . 
  there are county , municipal , state , and federal police . 
  as with just about everything in the us , it massively varies from state to state . 
   whereas brown was shot twice in the head and four times in the arm while on the ground surrendering i 'm not saying the shooting was justified -- i have no idea yet , i do n't think enough evidence is out there -- but * come on * . 
  that 's massive amounts of speculation . 
   your police are routinely executing people in the streets for fucks sake . 
  there * are * a lot of shootings , but that 's a bit hyperbolic . 
  it 's not like judge dredd in the states . 
  anyway , the particulars of this shooting are somewhat irrelevant here . 
  the op simply said that things like happen much more in the usa . 
  i was providing a couple of examples of somewhat similar situations in europe . 
  hungary is on the steppe ... i 'm sure they have some [ prairie oysters ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rocky_mountain_oysters ) available . 
  [ the claim that the shooting was caused by racial discrimination was made in both cases ] ( http://www.newleftproject.org/index.php/site/article_comments/mark_duggan_and_racist_policing_in_the_uk ) . 
  both riots eventually spun out of control , moving from anti police protests to widespread violence and looting . 
  they seem to be pretty similar in my view . 
  it happens in europe as well . 
  the london riots were n't too long ago . 
  plus disturbances in paris are n't unheard of at all . 
  personally i find czech mahi-mahi just sublime . 
  russian self-sanctions will be a remarkable boon to international middle-men . 
  unfortunately `` american '' is the commonly accepted demonym for a person from the united states . 
  usually it 's fairly easy to determine when it 's being used to refer to the continent and when it 's used to refer to the nationality . 
  i always get suspicious when i see someone capitalize white when discussing race . 
  they 've already been executing people on official orders . 
  i guess they 're just admitting it now . 
  you do n't have a nationally ? 
  are you stateless ? 
  do n't forget that we lynch negroes . 
  damn , it always seems like it 's the finance people who get to move to interesting places . 
  i have a bit of a nation-crush on poland and would love to live there someday . 
  unfortunately polish software engineers are insanely intelligent so i 'm sure domestic demand is satisfied :-), 
  just out of curiosity , what kinds of things do the americans living in poland do for work ? 
  yeah , it sounds like you have a cunt family on that side . 
  personally i 've found virtually everyone i 've made friends with and hang out with to be lovely . 
  there 's definite confirmation bias at work , though . 
  the people i tend to hang out with tend to be more highly educated and i do n't usually go to the sort of pub with 18-22 yearolds who get drunk and fighty so i 'm not exposed to opportunities to experience dickheads so much . 
  which one ? 
  plenty , certainly . 
  i knew the basics of the battle of hastings .
