  it just * really * grates on me when i hear the stupid `` i do n't hate gay people , but it 'll destroy the sanctity of marriage ! '', 
  argument . 
  if someone 's marriage is so weak that granting tax and power of attorney benefits to gay couples will destroy it , they really should n't be married . 
  i ca n't speak for romanian and bulgarian workers , but i * do * know a similar situation exists for in-person appointments for non-eu migrants to get an in-person appointment to renew a visa ( renewals by mail take a long time -- i think around 9 months -- and you wo n't have your passport ) . 
  appointments go up something like 90 days beforehand and are snapped up just a few minutes after midnight . 
  i do n't think it 's intentional , though ; it 's more due to understaffing . 
  does he understand that gay marriage is * optional * ? 
  if it were compulsory , i certainly understand his argument . 
  it * would * ruin my prospects with my girlfriend if i were forced to marry a man instead . 
  yep . 
  conspicuous lack of past tense there ... 
  paedophile  pedophiles just love feet !, 
  he does have a point though . 
  the english would * never * stand for an unelected , undemocratic head of state . 
  you ca n't really compare american soldiers and jihadis ... the mujahideen specifically targeted civilians and , in the war , killed hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  there was certainly accidental killings of civilians ( and occasional massacres , which are horrible ) , but it kinda does the people of iraq and afghanistan a disservice to compare the american , british , dutch , etc. 
  troops to suicide bombers who detonate themselves in crowded squares . 
  the vast majority of deaths from sites like iraqwarbodycount.com are caused by internal conflict , not coalition actions . 
  also , smokeless powder is still as controlled as it eveqr has been . 
  ca n't print that . 
  maybe it 's because i drank it a lot as a child , i do n't know ... i just find something wonderful about a glass of milk with a hot meal . 
  a european us president , not a us european president , 
  you should watch this show , 
  god , i have to admit that i do too . 
  nothing goes better with dinner than a glass of milk -- i do n't care if it makes me look like a kid . 
  it was a joke about a popular tv show ... do n't think too many people got it though . 
  be careful with stevia . 
  i knew this girl once who put some in her tea , then died from what seemed like flu . 
  well , i like to drink a lot , so if i were drinking with sugar or milk i 'd definitely put on some weight . 
  also , i just prefer the taste without  nothing is wrong with calories in moderation  but the increasing obesity rates in the uk mean they are n't necessarily being consumed moderately , so i try to limit what i take in . 
  i 'm pretty sure * this * internet has the blackjack and hookers front covered quite well ... 
  exactly , it 's not enough to say `` well , data ca n't go to the us '' . 
  it just provides more business for gchq/other european intelligence agencies , who will * then * fork it over to the us . 
  personally i try to drink water , coffee ( black ) , or tea ( no sugar or milk ) . 
  they have virtually 0 calories ( a cup of coffee has maybe 2 ) . 
  i 'll drink some sort of fruit juice in the mornings though . 
  well , italy , like france , has a reputation for fashion everywhere . 
  there 's not really an obsession in the us with something being italian , no more than french , at least . 
  they occupy a very similar cultural niche . 
   it just feels that visiting italy gives you bragging rights in the u.s. 
  i 've never found this to be the case ; what gave you that idea ? 
  it wo n't give you `` bragging rights '' at all , unless you want to look like a jerk . 
   and americans with italian heritage just wont shut up about it . 
  the reasons for this involve a lot of immigration history  it 's an interesting story . 
  incredible food , great weather , loads of history , beautiful art , fantastic wine ... what 's not to like ? 
  :-) as long as you 're not an investor , that is . 
  and for very good reason : they 're delicious . 
  why * not * eat frogs ? 
  it makes me sad that , from a fairly diverse culinary landscape , most american food exports have drive-thrus :(, 
  i 've had fried frog legs in [ arkansas ] ( http://www.abesolefeedhouse.net/ ) ( if you ever find yourself in rural arkansas , that place is worth a visit , fantastic `` american food '' ) ... the others are right , it has a chicken texture , but a little lighter . 
  they 're delicious , i think . 
  it will be virtually impossible for you to get a residency visa to germany . 
  look into a working holiday visa to australia or new zealand . 
  as you 're not currently in college , you 're unable to do the working holiday to ireland . 
  be careful about the fl . 
  its not as easy as just showing up and joining and they have a * very * high death rate ... 
  i do n't know , ask the guy i replied to : he said members of the civilized world would look down on the us for using capital punishment . 
  that makes sense , and i agree with what you 've said , broadly . 
  though i do n't think it 's necessarily right to say someone is a member of a barbaric , uncivilized tribe ... 
  if japan and singapore are backwards and uncivilized , would you say there 's any civilization in asia ? 
  i remember a big debate about this in history class . 
  people brought out sources supporting both sides ... 
  it took up a good hour or so  ultimately we decided it was not . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_singapore public debate . 
  95 % support . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_japan again public debate . 
  it never fell below 50 % in any poll . 
  i 'm strongly against capital punishment , but i 'm just curious : singapore and japan are two nations in which capital punishment enjoys strong support from the public . 
  would you consider them backwards and not part of the `` civilised world '' ? 
  hahaha !, 
  on the topic of yorkshire puddings , i did n't really care much for them when i first tried them . 
  they just seemed like soggy bread . 
  however , my world got turned upside down when i went to an actual independent pub . 
  they had fluffy , delicious puddings that went to well with the roast . 
  i made some for the first time last weekend with a roast chicken . 
  they turned out really well . 
  i already * am * paying for insurance . 
  i pay nhs contributions just like you . 
  let me deduct my national insurance contributions from my paycheck and i 'd support it . 
  what ? 
  there are wh visas available to american citizens from nz and australia , and us citizens can get a bunac visa to do a working holiday in the uk ( as uk citizens can get a bunac visa to do a working holiday in the us ) . 
  sure , the us does n't have a working holiday program along the same reciprocal lines as the uk , but is that really a good reason to tighten up work visa restrictions with the usa ? 
  the benefits available to migrants without ilr are n't much ... plus , before you talk about immigrants `` plundering the nhs '' , keep in mind that immigrants are significantly tax-positive -- much more so than the average briton . 
  good ol' british xenophobia !, 
  this is why i 'm ( most likely ) going to have to pay for the nhs fairly soon . 
  uh oh , better restrict the government 's freedom !, 
  haha , you 're not the only one . 
  * lots * of people have their feet planted firmly in their mouth on this thread , 
  yeah , there are definitely differences between , say , california , alaska , south carolina , massachusetts , and hawaii . 
  however , it 's the same * country * . 
  nobody can say the difference between poland , denmark , and portugal is reflected in differences between states . 
  yes , that 's true -- they wo n't hire you if you 're a murderer . 
  however , i meant that there are n't nationality restrictions . 
  how ? 
  i live and work here permanently with the intent to stay . 
  it 's just that , right now , my immigration status is tied to my relationship with my partner ( unmarried partner visa ) . 
  i get permanent residency in 5 years . 
  uk 's is n't open , though ; it 's only available to nepalis who want to join the gurkhas , correct ? 
  i forgot about israel . 
  does argentina ?
