  sometimes the lower tuition fees are residency based rather than citizenship based . 
  also you 'd definitely need a college fund . 
  you do n't start magically not eating once you go to university . 
  and while a semester abroad works well for loads of people , going to university an ocean away from all your friends and family may not be the right choice for a lot of people . 
  it 's 2 tours for citizenship now , is n't it ? 
  it 's not that easy , is it ? 
  in most countries you have to be highly experienced in a specialist shortage field and the country will only issue one if the sponsoring company shows that your talent ca n't be found from within the eu . 
  to be fair , i do n't know much about the german blue card system ... is that easier ? 
  wait , because you do n't understand healthcare in the us , suddenly americans have stockholm syndrome ? 
  the us system is quite bad , but do n't be hyperbolic . 
  as a us citizen abroad , i would n't recommend getting us citizenship . 
  you wo n't pay much in * earned * income tax , but capital gains taxes and investment income is a brainfuck to navigate . 
  for example , i ca n't get a stocks and shares isa without it being treated as a pfic . 
  i wonder if there are special circumstances around ops situation that would make it cost so much . 
  a * jus sanguinus * application for citizenship is , in most eu nations , a relatively straightforward process . 
  there would probably be a fee , but nowhere above $ 1k . 
  you ca n't live and work in the eu with us citizenship . 
  milky way ? 
  pfff , well , fine , if you want to be factionalist . 
  personally , i see myself as a citizen of the local group . 
  i would try for the hell of it , but a. ), 
  i ca n't say anything in russian except `` poshel nahui '' and `` pizda s ushami '' ( which , actually , might be enough for me for a conversation with these guys ) , and b. ), 
  i do n't want to get put on a list . 
  the video shows the phone numbers of the individuals ( +380 is the country code for ukraine ) . 
  that 's pretty crazy -- anyone with a google voice account could give them a call . 
  or at the pennsylvania crash site on 9/11 . 
  as i said above to someone else ... this kind of behavior is so unacceptable in the anglosphere , western europe , etc. 
  that i simply can not imagine anything like that occurring there . 
  yes , i understand people there are poor and in the middle of a warzone , but still ... that 's just sickening , imo . 
  the credit cards and money are one thing , but stealing mobile phones is horrible -- they 're depriving the families the chance to get some final bits of data about their loved ones . 
  i do n't think there 's any western country where this would happen . 
  it 's so far outside the standards of acceptable behavior anywhere i 've lived that i can not imagine someone actually doing that . 
  russia is the official ussr successor state , so seemingly they inherit the kill board as well . 
  edit : russia should have [ three ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_902 ) , really . 
  [ four ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaleva_\\ ( airplane \\ ) ) , depending how far back we want to go . 
  nope , the republicans ' relentless blathering about the benghazi pseudoscandal essentially forced her out . 
  seconding bloodysneeze , it 's almost certainly fine . 
  i swear all the time at work . 
  can we say b ***** m please ? 
  i really do n't like seeing that word in print . 
  seriously . 
  also i believe there was a european directive prohibiting gender discrimination during limb removal . 
  ukraine has a long way to go if it wants to be truly european . 
  there 's oceans of blood on the hands of both sides , unfortunately :(, 
  [ at least they 're leaving ivory coast alone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jobjldc.jpg ) . 
  i used to own a blackberry too ; there 's a reason google knocked them out of the market . 
  also , as far as the brain drain , it 's canada 's responsibility to provide a good counter to silicon valley . 
  one of my friends is a sv-based canadian engineer . 
  he does n't have the same tech opportunities in canada that he does in san francisco -- though vancouver is positioning itself as a start up haven ( and , as a city that is very culturally similar to seattle and san francisco , has a great opportunity to attract both canadian and american workers in both those cities ) . 
  i think the us would like that . 
  the us has been begging many nato members to spend more on defense so the us can concentrate on strategic interests in the pacific . 
   people 's beliefs about their guns are fucked i 'm an american who lives in the uk . 
  one thing i 've found : many british people are really surprised that gun control is actually a quite supported thing in the us . 
  it 's not like everyone is a gun-grabber -- in reality , the majority of americans want stricter gun control , and many of those want european-style gun regulation . 
  attitudes toward guns are by no means all `` crazy '', 
  not european , just live in the uk , but here 's one of my thoughts : americans ask this question * way * too much . 
  i 'm a migrant to the uk under the family route . 
  the really stupid thing in the new rules , to me at least : someone making 18,700 living in zone 1 in london is able to sponsor , while someone making 18,500 in buttfuck , wales is considered unable . 
  the latter has a far higher standard of living . 
  hsbc did it as well . 
  i guess the uk deserves blame too ? 
  how will you deal with the unpleasant fact that more than a few eu members ( germany included ) were deep in the thick of it with the nsa ? 
  especially the uk , a member of the five eyes . 
  `` they just gurgle all the time then lie there , that 's not funny at all ! '', 
  it 's a hype chant . 
  `` i believe that we only have a small chance against belgium , but we 're unlikely to progress beyond the quarterfinals and certainly wo n't win the cup ! '', 
  just does n't have the same ring to it ;-), 
  why are they celebrating ? 
  spain was knocked out ages ago . 
  i do n't think we ever thought we 'd win . 
  i 'm just proud that we played as hard as we did -- the us national team does n't have as many heavy hitters as many others , but we held our own . 
  i 'm happy that we got as far as we did !, 
  i do n't get the negativity that seems to come from many of the english toward the us team/fans . 
  most of us know we ca n't compete with a lot of the big european/s . 
  american teams . 
  i do n't think more time would have had too much of a chance to change the result . 
  i 'd given up hope after it was 2-0 , but the final us goal made the end that much more painful !, 
  really good game though . 
  i hope the red devils stomp argentina saturday . 
  what a game !, 
  great job , belgium ... the end was heartbreaking , but exciting throughout . 
  or australians , or irish ... 
  people in the us are n't really any different . 
  this was probably mostly in the same spirit as the british chants . 
  if they think the us federal reserve caused the ukraine crisis ... 
  i 'm guessing not very . 
  these types usually have a huge overlap with 9/11 conspiracy nuts . 
  sorry -- i thought you were referring to syntax at first ( i do n't really know php ) . 
  interestingly enough , though , it can be made not to be . 
  = = is simply an operator that is just a method ... so i could override the = = operator to do whatever i want . 
  this is not idiomatic and only a madman would actually do it , though . 
  to override equality idiomatically , it 's best to create a class/record/whatever that implements iequatable . 
  or f # !, 
  they can sue in european courts ? 
  would you agree with the reverse ? 
  should us citizens be able to sue eu institutions or member states ? 
  i wonder why not ? 
  it worked so well last time germany was occupied by russian troops . 
   fuck the eu jesus christ , grow a spine . 
  that comment was * so * overblown .
