  for a country with so many accents , the british seem uniquely hostile to different dialects of english . 
  it 's a global language . 
  the australians , kiwis , signaporeans , hong kong ... ese ? , americans and canadians all have their own unique spin on the language -- just like people from edinburgh , southwesterners , londoners , etc. 
  have their own way of speaking . 
  even the phrase `` british english '' , to me , is an extremely broad umbrella : the lilt of a welsh accent sounds nothing like a weegie accent . 
  it 's not a debasement , it 's just the way language evolves . 
  i do n't know whether it 's xenophobia or ignorance that drives peoples ' fear of dialect , but language has changed since the beginning of time . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love a super mature cheddar , but the french have it on the cheese front , imo . 
  i do love a stilton or stinking bishop , but a reblochon or epoisses is just heaven on a plate . 
  that being said , i 'd rather have cheese from both nations . 
  they each have their place and time . 
  now i really want some cheese ... 
  they did n't rob * an * irishman , they robbed * all * irishmen . 
  i guess that 's the difference . 
  i 've backpacked across asia too and i 've never done this nor met anyone who has . 
  it 's an urban legend/joke . 
  i was raised in a `` red '' state ( south carolina ) and have never heard of corporal punishment being used in schools . 
  i get the feeling that it 's probably exclusively in weird religious private schools . 
  actor/special operations executive commando . 
  he was a pretty incredible man with an incredible life . 
  interesting -- i was speaking anecdotally . 
  i wonder though if you looked at second choices : i have a feeling that a lot of the nfl crowd would choose nba as a second . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sports_in_the_united_states ) it indicates that basketball has a higher viewing figure than baseball . 
  it 's still closer than i would have thought . 
  basketball is significantly more popular than baseball in the us these days . 
  how much of this is based on actual data , and how much is based on stereotypes and/or hollywood films ? 
  note that reddit is a * really * bad way to get an idea of average life in the usa . 
   also , here renting does not mean dealing with a greedy landlord . 
  we rent from a co-op we ourselves are members of . 
  absolutely untrue in the uk . 
  europe is n't a single country , and , to be honest , lifestyle will probably be much more different between the uk and ukraine -- both european nations -- than the uk and usa . 
  i 'd even say the lifestyle in the uk and italy is less similar than us and uk . 
  there are loads of different cultures and lifestyles on this continent . 
  i 'd say canada or new zealand . 
  brazil and australia both have issues that some of their neighbor countries do n't appreciate . 
  every trade agreement the eu has negotiated , including those with canada and south korea , has been negotiated in secret . 
  the treaty will not be secret and will be fully public for at least a year before being passed . 
  it will need to clear the us congress along with the national assemblies of every single european nation in the eu . 
  the ignorance and fear-mongering surrounding this agreement is * astounding * . 
  it will not be secret once it 's ready . 
  i 've found that generally , if you meet someone ignorant enough to prejudge someone solely for their nationality , you 're not missing a lot by not talking to them . 
   some may hate americans as part of the classic anti-americanism that exists around the world , but france remains one of the countries with a highly positive view of the us . 
  i 've always found the french to be quite kind , interesting people when i 've been over there . 
  they do n't fit the undeserved stereotypes at all . 
  if you excuse me , though , i have to pack . 
  i am pretty sure my british visa has just been canceled . 
  that 's always seemed strange to me . 
  the nordics are generally so liberal on social attitudes , but their policy on drugs is anything but , even on `` light '' drugs like marijuana . 
  are the policy hangups reflected in social attitudes as well ? 
  yes , i only see armed policemen in london ( csos and the like are n't uncommon in larger non-urban stations though ) . 
  in many regions , tap water is also much more strictly regulated than bottled . 
  i 've never felt the need to buy bottled water with one exception : beachside areas near marshland tend to have horrible-smelling tap water . 
  big cities and cheaper small towns , it seems . 
  bognor regis and eastleigh both have pretty noticeable polish populations , but i do n't see nearly as many polish people on the street in winchester , speaking anecdotally . 
  there 's a quite nice polski sklep downtown though . 
  the constant `` if you see anything suspicious , report it immediately '' thing is weird for me . 
  i can understand why , after the troubles , and i realize it may seem ironic for me to comment on it coming from the usa , but the constant reminders on trains , buses , etc. 
  are strange . 
  also ( again ironic ) seeing policemen with heavy weapons in waterloo station is strange for me . 
  i 'm used to seeing police with a hip holster , but walking past a couple of big dudes with mp5s makes me do a double take !, 
  i actually have a wgwjo bracelet . 
  they have them sometimes for recreational skydivers . 
  the drop zone i used to frequent had `` boogies '' ( i.e. 
  skydiving festivals ) where the local national guard brought helicopters for jumpers . 
  i never jumped from one , but apparently it 's quite a different experience as you do n't really have any airspeed when you initially leave the aircraft . 
  out of curiosity , does alankomaat mean something similar to `` low lands '' or `` low countries '' ? 
  conservative christians in the netherlands have been anti-vax for a while now , iirc . 
  they would n't toss them in prison , they 'd just refuse them entry at the border . 
  yes , you have to complete a tax return . 
  it 's not that much of a hassle , though , and someone who 's working as a researcher could easily drop a couple hundred usd/year on an accountant or ( in my case ) just do it themself . 
  it 's honestly not something that would stop a person from making the decision to move abroad . 
  it 's slightly annoying , but i really do n't think it would at all be a deciding factor in whether someone moves abroad . 
  reddit makes the filing obligation seem a lot worse than it actually is in real life . 
  again , remember that though you have to * file * , you usually wo n't have to * pay * . 
  not really . 
  if someone from the us moves to the uk , they 'll likely never have to pay any us tax at all . 
  source : i live in the uk . 
  i 've hacked away sweden 's access . 
  education in the us is better than sweden . 
  also , the healthcare there is n't too bad if you have insurance . 
  builds two aircraft carriers ... but do n't have any fixed wing aircraft capable of operating on them . 
  dominique strauss-kahn was the director of the imf , and blagojevich was the chief executive of a state with the gdp of belgium . 
  that 's fairly powerful . 
   ttip is seen quite badly here , as it would leave the nhs open to more privatisation  wow , do people really believe that ? 
  maybe it 's because i tend to have friends who stay informed on these things , but i 've never heard anyone say anything that silly . 
  that last bit is completely uncalled for . 
  of course . 
  honestly , i do n't understand the outrage over the closed-door negotiations around ttip . 
  literally every single other free trade agreement the eu has ever signed has been negotiated in the same way . 
  ttip is entirely routine in that regard -- in fact , with the amount of communication from the eu about it , ttip is far * more * open than any other fta . 
  it 's not done yet . 
  there really is no ttip until it 's presented openly to the elected representatives of the affected nations . 
  if even one votes against the treaty wo n't be adopted . 
  unfortunately it appears populist ignorance is easier on the brain than actually learning about how free trade agreements are negotiated in real life :(, 
  you 're missing a * very * important step : after ttip is unveiled and released to the public , the elected representatives of * every * eu parliament and the us congress must agree to the treaty terms . 
  congratulations to the new mods !, 
  hopefully this takes some of the burden off of the moderation team in their effort to keep this subreddit fantastic . 
  software devs in london make nowhere near the same salary they would in silicon valley . 
  i moved from sv to london and make about 2/3 of what i would back in sv . 
  while some programmers in investment banks may be paid at those extremely high rates , the pay overall is much lower in london .
