  i looked at taking a job in sweden , but when i did research on the salaries i was a little shocked at how low they were ( 30 % or so lower than the american equivalent ) . 
  i took a huge pay cut moving to the uk . 
  the salaries and amount of disposable income are , for skilled workers , much better in the us , even after taking health insurance into account . 
  the cypriot money , definitely . 
  cyprus is a banking haven for russia 's rich and powerful . 
  these rules work pretty well for virtually any public transit system . 
  it 's really common in the uk ( except in london , i 've noticed ) to thank the driver while getting off the bus . 
  aaaah , intellectually lazy ignorance . 
  how nice to see it on / r/europe . 
  sure , you get interest , but by * responsibly * using a card , you can earn money on your incomings * and * outgoings . 
  using credit well has , personally , saved me hundreds of pounds . 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  it helps build a credit profile and shows lenders that you 're able to use credit responsibly and you are n't a credit risk . 
  therefore , when you go to take credit ( i.e. 
  a mortgage ) your interest rates will be significantly lower , saving you loads of money . 
  `` cashback '' are bonuses given to you for spending . 
  for example , on my amex card ( the only card i could transfer over to the uk for various reasons ) , i get 1.25 % of every purchase immediately refunded to my account . 
  if you do the math , that means i only have to spend ~ # 2000 annually on the card to match the annual fee . 
  anything over that is a refund . 
  they 're given to incentivise spending , but as long as you keep your spending habits unchanged , you can definitely use it to your advantage . 
  when you pay with debit cards , on the other hand , you 're not building up any credit or getting any sort of rewards for your spend . 
  i did -- thanks !, 
  out of curiosity , does france have a true bicameral american-style system , or is it a * de facto * unicameral state like the uk , with a rubber-stamp upper house ? 
  lutherans and presbyterians tend to be fairly reasonable . 
  methodists can be more conservative , and baptists can be everywhere from hippy-liberal to deep south holyshit conservative . 
  anyone who says `` xxxxx ( in western europe ) is like a third world country ! '', 
  has clearly never been to a third world country . 
  if you 're responsible about credit , you can use it to great advantage . 
  not only does having a credit card help build a credit history , but they often offer cashback , etc. 
  i pay mine off 100 % at the end of every month . 
  there 's a ~ # 20 annual fee or so , but i easily make that up in cashback bonuses . 
  belgium 's the only european nation i 've ever driven in . 
  i found it to be pretty reasonable . 
  i was in a pretty small town , though -- jurbise , near the nato base . 
  technically you do have to pay , though . 
  op 's parents might have unresolved charges with the nhs . 
  that can cause problems if they want to move to the uk in the future . 
  the nhs is n't free for non-residents . 
  ~ ~ singapore ( i think ? 
  ) ~ ~ hong kong ( thanks / u/redrover ) uses seawater in all their toilets . 
  i guess they used reinforced pvc or something ? 
  i 'm in the uk . 
  i actually have no clue how much i spend on food . 
  maybe 200 pounds or so ? 
  the majority of that is on lunch : i work in london , and i do n't bring my lunch in ( laziness , unfortunately ) , and central london lunch averages ~ 7 pounds a pop . 
  i live with my girlfriend . 
  we almost always cook for ourselves on weekdays and 1 day of the weekend . 
  we eat * lots * of fish , especially salmon , but also sea bass and , occasionally , mackerel and kipper . 
  we 'll generally have a main meat , some starchy side ( usually boiled new potatoes or something ) , and either steamed frozen vegetables ( flash-frozen ; it 's as healthy as eating them fresh ) , mixed green salad with a bit of olive and balsamic vinegar , sauteed spinach , or some other green thing . 
  we do n't really have the space , time , or desire to grow our own food . 
  i do most of the shopping , and i generally do n't care about finding organic food as there 's no real evidence it 's any healthier . 
  i do like buying food at the farmer 's market ( there 's a big one here in winchester ) , but i 'm just as happy buying it at the supermarket . 
  we occasionally eat traditional english meals as well . 
  on weekends , i 'll sometimes make a traditional sunday roast from scratch , including homemade yorkshire puddings , roast veg , and either a roast chicken , roast beef , or ( if my girlfriend has something else to eat ) my personal favorite : roast pork belly . 
  on weekends , we 'll usually go out to a nice restaurant or pub to eat dinner one day . 
  that tends to run ~ 20-80 pounds , depending on the place . 
  sorry for the wall of text  i 'm 26 and a software engineer . 
  like you , i want to know , what does an `` average '' meal look like in your country ? 
  our menu tends to get a bit repetitive so i 'd love some extra ideas !, 
  nope , it 's not inherently derogatory ( though it can be used in a derogatory fashion ) . 
  it 's just informal . 
  out of curiosity , what is the us ? 
  it seems like a successful ( except for the leaks ) intelligence cooperation to me . 
  i am disgusted by the overreaching surveillance on civilians , but i * want * nato nations to cooperate to gather intelligence . 
  russia is a major regional player eager to project its influence -- often in a manner counter to eu/american interests . 
  this is kind of the point of signals intelligence . 
  i 'm sure russia has sigint agreements with its allies and partners as well . 
  rt is pretty mad about it , but rt does n't even pretend to be neutral on topics relating to the international relations of russia . 
  i really like the way brazilian portuguese sounds . 
  huge portions of the us , russia , norway , etc are arctic ... 
  aaah , thanks , til , 
  just one fluently . 
  i can tell it 's dutch , and i can easily tell when someone 's speaking dutch , but it 's when i 'm not paying attention and hear it in the background that it gets a bit confusing . 
  i 'll have to take that when applying for permanent residency . 
  a lot of the questions are fairly ridiculous -- in fact , most british citizens probably would n't pass if given the test today !, 
  http://www.theuktest.com/life-in-the-uk-test/1 most of the questions are 100 % irrelevant to actual life in the uk . 
  i 'd like to see questions like : what charity offers free legal advice to legal residents of the uk ? 
  * blah * blah * citizen 's advice bureau * blah and questions about wage laws , drinking age , etc. 
  that makes a whole lot more difference to my day-to-day ( except the drinking age bit , until i have kids ) than knowing what the diving right of kings is , or knowing when women were granted the right to vote ( 1882 , 1948 , 1918 , 1928 ? 
  ) , or the date of the battle of bosworth field ( all , by the way , between 1485 and 1498 -- why is it important for a citizen to know the * exact year * -- which most * current citizens do n't , i 'll never understand ) . 
  oddly enough , dutch sounds quite a lot like american english to my ear due to the rhotic ( or is it non-rhotic ? 
  i forgot ) r . when i was traveling through continental europe i found my ear `` catching '' onto bits of conversations thinking it was another american , but it 'd just be two dutch talking . 
  out of curiosity , how do they get there ? 
  are they mostly asylum seekers , illegal immigrants , or do they usually come on family visas ? 
  norwegian immigration was common in the midwest , too . 
  actually , lutefisk is really popular in minnesota , 
  i think it 's the same to get permanent residency in the uk . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  i believe you even have to have some english proficiency to get a visa ( it 's waived for the us , australia , and other members of the anglosphere though ) . 
  cantillon makes an amazing array of lambics . 
  i was lucky enough to meet their master brewer in person a few years ago . 
  winchester has a lovely high street decorated with christmas lights and a big christmas tree . 
  the highlight though is a german style christmas market outside the cathedral . 
  i have n't gotten a chance to go while it 's open , but i 've walked through the grounds and it looks nice . 
  good luck walking over all of them once , though . 
  i think you give short shrift to british brewing : ipas , pale ales , bitters , stouts , porters , amber ales etc all have their roots in the uk , and they 're producing some fantastic , innovative brews these days . 
  they 've been a historical brewing powerhouse . 
  they may not have the export and branding power of the abbey ales , but fullers and samuel smiths , among others , produce some really good traditionally british beer . 
  british ales tend to be low abv , so i think that causes people to overlook them unfairly . 
  or , if you 're a fan of oatmeal stouts , i 'd say samuel smith 's creates the platonic ideal of an oatmeal stout .
