  yep , i meant that wog is n't really used/understood as a racial slur in the us . 
  i did n't know that wop was used in the uk . 
  that 's `` wop '' i think . 
  wop is primarily an american thing while `` wog '' tends to be british . 
  the crazy thing is ... it does n't even work . 
  there are much better ways to effectively change behavior than corporal punishment . 
  it 's crazy how many people seem desperate to fly in the face of evidence and hit their kids . 
  there 's just no need for it . 
  it 's a shitty , horrible tradition that needs to die . 
  mexico is very popular among americans , canadians , and others in the americas . 
  he 's probably not . 
  the czech republic has gun laws that are very lax compared to most other eu countries . 
  the discussion here is about regulation , not necessarily guns/capita . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm originally from the american southeast . 
  the way you describe the taste of carp reminds me of fried catfish , a similar dish from that area ( though it 's not a christmas thing ) . 
  there 's a tendency to think of china as a big red blob but are a billion people who live there . 
  many , many diverse ethnic and religious groups live within its borders . 
  remember , a massive chunk of china ( xinjiang province especially ) lies in the central asian steppe . 
  do you mind posting a picture of what it actually looks like cooked ? 
  i tried googling `` christmas carp '' but did n't get much of a result . 
  what 's the taste like ? 
  carp 's not usually eaten in the us or uk so i probably have some ignorant ideas of the taste . 
  is it `` earthy '' or just like a light flaky whitefish ? 
  sabaton generally sing in english , right ? 
  atlas shrugged is the only book i 've put down midway through . 
  when it got to john galt 's ~ 80 page speech i just could n't go on . 
  that 's a dutch flag , not french ... what 's that about the belgian education system again ? 
  especially after being shot while under parachute . 
  that is a particularly brutal ( and , according to the geneva conventions , illegal ) way to die . 
  at least this is one more person who did n't have to die . 
  the ussr shot down a few us spy planes back during the cold war . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  sometimes i sit in my tub of genetically modified corn syrup just fuming . 
  i do n't get this `` you come from a country ... '' attitude . 
  imo , it 's the height of ignorance . 
  just because someone comes from a particular country , it does n't make their view any more or less valid . 
  i do feel really bad for them . 
  hearing that your child died is bad enough . 
  hearing that he participated in the mass murder of civilians ... that must be horrible . 
  obviously i 'm not excusing the guy at all , but still . 
  basically you want their currency to be strong so they can afford to buy more of your stuff . 
  if their currency is weak domestic products are cheaper ( and foreign products seem more expensive ) , so the country may prefer domestic over foreign things . 
  i know , i was just being pithy . 
  if he 's exporting , he 's probably talking about the recent decline in value of the euro against the us dollar rather than the common regulation framework ( which is almost definitely a boon ) . 
  exporters ( in very general , broad terms ) prefer their own currency to be weaker and the foreign currency stronger . 
  the opposite definitely happens : loads of americans have incredibly ignorant views about european countries . 
  i do n't think / r/europe is `` full '' of americans : yes , there are many , but most commenters seem to be from european nations . 
  not * every * american has ignorant views about europe , either -- some , like myself , actually live there . 
  i was n't specifically addressing the idea of ignorant americans , which i 'm sure everyone in this subreddit will agree exist and are really , really frustrating . 
  i was just bemoaning the parallel existence of the opposite . 
  do you have any sources that * do * show the us as the most diverse nation in the world , then ? 
  it does seem strange that the united states ( or any european country , really ) would top out on any list , especially considering truly multiethnic countries in africa , the middle east , or southeast asia ( look at malaysia , for example ) . 
  sure , some americans definitely speak in sweeping ignorant generalizations about europe . 
  however , it does n't make what the denizens of / r/europe say about the united states ( and americans as a whole ) any * less * ignorant or incorrect . 
  both happen , and both are a bit stupid . 
  i do n't think those on this subreddit are any less wrong than reddit as a whole . 
  i think , if i 'm completely honest , that the `` let-me-tell-you-about-your-country '' attitude is far more common coming from non-americans on this subreddit than the opposite . 
  do you think this is a commonly used or accepted term ? 
  that 's not necessarily what diversity means . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level that provides a few metrics . 
  the us does n't top out on any . 
  the us is definitely not the most culturally diverse nation on earth ( pretty ignorant statement to make by itself ) , but yes , lots of baseless generalizations are being made in this thread that do n't really hold up to reality . 
  unfortunately , / r/europe as a whole has quite an ignorant view on the united states and often descends into `` let me tell you about your country ... '' - style silliness . 
  actually `` turkish '' ( or `` turkic '' , maybe , if speaking in more ethnographic terms ) is the most common term used to refer to turkish people in the united states . 
  mexico is actually a spanish-speaking country just south of the united states , not really anywhere near turkey , and `` arab '' refers to a semitic people in the middle east . 
  they 're distinct from turkic peoples . 
   you ca n't really apply the american view of racism to europe . 
  you also ca n't really apply the european definition of racism to the united states with its own particular history . 
  i think / r/europe tends to be quite ignorant on matters of domestic american society , in my experience . 
  broad , sweeping statements are made here that would be shot down if made by an american about , say , france or china . 
  unfortunately , due the amount of popular culture many europeans consume , it appears that it grants the * illusion * of understanding american culture when , in reality , the grasp of the daily life in the united states is pretty far from reality . 
  it leads to a rather silly `` let me tell you about your country ... '' attitude that i think many in this subreddit would have no truck with coming from an american . 
  i find it hilarious when i see comments on / r/shitamericanssay where people make fun of americans for a `` let me tell you about your country ... '' attitude ... and then you see threads like this . 
  it basically works the exact same way in the us . 
  source : dated in both the us and the uk . 
  i have worked in corporate america while under 30 making 6 figures . 
  i was able to take sick days and vacation without pressure . 
  you may have just had an individually toxic workplace . 
  fyi british degrees are generally 3 years . 
  if you 're getting paid six figures you 'll be absolutely fine if you break your leg . 
  it 's more an issue for poorer people without any insurance . 
   all estimates must be accurate as a fellow developer ... hahahahahahaha . 
  best : beautiful architecture , top-class food , decently priced , great beer . 
  worst : trying to sleep ; i was there during the 2010 heat wave and it was hot as fuck . 
  i work in central london . 
  our lunch destination is usually one of a large array of small market stalls selling generally fairly good quality street food in places like leather lane or exmouth market . 
  a general average price for lunch is # 5 ( $ 7 ) , though it can stray down to # 3 or up to # 8 depending on where you go . 
  there 's a pretty large variety of foods on offer . 
  you can say fuck here . 
  we 've heard it before . 
  `` seax '' is also the root word for `` saxon '' . 
  international travel ( especially outside of paris/rome/etc ) tends to be somewhat of a filter . 
  yes , true , because i 'm from a country that * never * gets criticized on / r/europe . 
  in my experience as an american living in the uk , there is a huge difference between how many british people * pretend * to feel about the uk and how they * actually * feel about the uk . 
  british people like to come off as self-deprecating , able to roll with the punches , etc. 
  but i 've found that a surprising amount of british people have a paper-thin skin when it comes to the uk . 
  even if it 's something minor , taking the piss out of old blighty can cause intense butthurt . 
  if a bunch of teenagers and early-20s neckbeards making oh-so-hurtful comments about your little old country hurts your feelings so much that you 'll change your position on such a huge decision , you really need to re-evaluate your political beliefs . 
  do n't be so sensitive .
