  the type of statement may be something like `` i love to travel and hang out with my friends '' . 
  well ... yeah , no shit . 
  everybody loves travelling and hanging out with their friends . 
  the idea is that describing yourself using vague , super-broad statements like that is boring and does n't really tell anyone about your unique personality traits . 
  interesting that .50 caliber ammunition is banned . 
  it 's even legal here in the uk . 
  tbh i do n't see much reason to ban it : i 'm not aware of a .50 rifle ever being used to commit a crime , and they tend to be so huge , inconspicuous , slow , and unwieldy to do much harm . 
  i guess i should have said `` up to '' , but i wanted to explicitly state the approximate range of sales taxes throughout the us . 
  us prices do n't include sales tax , so add zero to ten percent onto the price straight away . 
  or just take a good ol' - fashioned shit in the top . 
  on a more serious note , floods are all that come to mind . 
  if you go by percentage of their own country it 's got ta be the khmer rouge though , right ? 
  interesting to hear your perception of bolivia !, 
  i almost went to la paz for a few weeks , but the visa situation for americans is a little complicated , so we went to ecuador instead ( which turned out to be a mistake , actually ... ) . 
  i 'd still love to visit bolivia at some point . 
  i really enjoyed peru , and i love the andes . 
  some of the ranges in bolivia look really nice . 
  i really loved my time in peru as well . 
  i was in huaraz ; the mountains there are absolutely beautiful . 
  there 's enough climbing and hiking there for a lifetime . 
  my experience of dubai is the exact same . 
  i had a longish layover on a hong kong -  newcastle flight and got an earful . 
  up to 11 % for the stronger ipas . 
  i mostly mean real ales ; kegged craft beer tends to be a little stronger . 
  i definitely do n't mind it though : a 4 % bitter goes really well with a lunch . 
  there 's plenty of good california wines that they might enjoy . 
  american craft beers are pretty alcoholic actually . 
  when i moved to the uk i was actually really surprised at how low the abv of most real asked tend to be . 
  i do n't think he treated my any differently to any other employee ... i found the directness really refreshing . 
  iirc his wife is american , so i think he does n't care about nationality * too * much . 
  i 've only worked with one flemish person , to be fair , and he was * very * direct . 
  he was probably an exception to the rule . 
  i really like dealing with dutch ( or even flemish ! ), 
  people in a professional setting precisely because of that . 
  interestingly enough i had the opposite experience moving to the uk . 
  americans , in my experience , tend to be significantly more `` forward '' than the british . 
  americans would use the word `` pavement '' to describe the material that is used to surface roads and sidewalks , however would n't refer to a sidewalk as a `` pavement '' . 
  i have started to say some british words , e.g. 
  pavement and lift , but that 's mainly to avoid people going `` huehuehuehue ur american lol ! '', 
  when i say sidewalk/elevator . 
  i moved to the uk . 
  most of the costs were due to the visa , but overall no more than 5k maybe ? 
  there were also the `` traditional '' moving costs , e.g. 
  rent , security deposit , etc. 
  i had no culture shock . 
  british and american cultures are quite similar and obviously there 's no language barrier . 
  ah right , so you 're speaking about the * perception * of culture ? 
  from your comment :  it just happens to be a pretty low culture i thought you meant the whole culture is `` low '' . 
  would you consider jazz or the blues similarly low ? 
  op , a good rule of thumb : if you 're concerned enough to ask this question , you 're probably going to be fine . 
  the cities you mentioned are very familiar with tourists of all nationalities , so try not to worry , be courteous , and have a great time . 
  surely cheese and pickle or cheese and onion ? 
  skills in information technology seem to transfer quite well : i 've had offers to sponsor from a few european countries ( well , netherlands and sweden ) and my english monolingualism did n't seem to be an issue , but i work as a software developer in a relatively `` hyped '' , sought-after field . 
  i 'm going to guess that you work in some form of information technology as well ? 
  there are n't really legal requirements that have to be transferred , etc. 
  it 's mostly technical : a processor is a processor in sweden , somalia , the uk , the us , or brazil . 
  also developers or other niche professionals are in demand to the point that they often legitimately ca n't find a local employee or countries have special `` fast-track '' programs for certain fields ( e.g. 
  the uk 's shortage list ) . 
  firebombing ( or ` morale bombing ' as it was then called ) killed more people than the nukes and specifically targeted civilian areas . 
  it was pretty fucked up . 
  metric system ? 
  not so much in the uk ... 
  that 's weird , i get id 'd all the time . 
  i have a young face , i guess , even though i 'm quite close to 30 . 
  air force is 39 now , they raised it . 
  it sounds like you probably would n't be accepted due to mental problems though . 
   funny how americans want the `` easy way '' but they talk shit about their immigrants lol  it 's almost like not all americans have the same opinions . 
  how weird !, 
  no problem . 
  it 's worth mentioning as well that it 's really important to check firing range timing if you 're going out to dartmoor . 
  wild camping is legal in dartmoor as well, 
  i 'm an american who lives in the uk . 
  moving to the eu will vary by country . 
  for the uk , it 'll likely be impossible to get a work visa with a construction/labor career -- they have plenty of people who can do construction here already . 
  basically , to get in via work , you have to have a specialized skill ( e.g. 
  software engineering , science , something like that ) . 
  germany is a bit easier if you have one of those skills , but you 'd probably have to learn german . 
  that 's even what the english word `` state '' means : country . 
  it seems strange to me ; british countries are much less politically independent than german or american states . 
  i 'd say brewdog would n't be the best british beer to try : much of their beer is similar in spirit to the beers produced by american craft brewers . 
  sam smith 's is available in some places ; their oatmeal stout or esb might be a more representational introduction to british beer . 
  also , as i understand , does n't parliamentary sovereignty pretty much mean parliament can change the deal on the monarchy as they wish ? 
  so even if ol' lizzy went on a rampage with a machete , parliament could simply say `` fine , monarchs are now liable to be prosecuted '' and lock her up ? 
  ah shit ... i see what you mean now . 
  i assumed you were talking about op 's guinea pig , which * is * named after a food ... i got wooshed by that one . 
  guinea pigs are eaten in peru , ecuador , and other andean nations , not korea . 
  i 've tried it once . 
  it 's not that good to be honest ; i only really enjoyed it when it was prepared at a very posh restaurant . 
  otherwise it was a lot of work for very little mediocre tasting meat . 
   as for how i 'd feel if that was about my country ? 
  i watch satirical shows about my country all the time - british people talking about how shit britain is is one of our national past times . 
  for context , i 'm a foreigner living in the uk . 
  british people make fun of their own country quite a lot , but i was really surprised at how thin-skinned many brits can be when someone from outside the uk criticizes something about britain or makes fun of british people . 
  there was a video of a german comedian mocking the possibility of a brexit that was posted on / r/unitedkingdom a while ago ... the butthurt was incredible . 
  it really does seem to be a quality brits and americans share . 
  also uk here : * car insurance * contents insurance * life insurance ( through my employer ) * private medical insurance ( paid for by my employer ) * travel insurance , as and when i need it . 
  usually through the bmc 's travel insurance program as most policies do n't cover climbing . 
  i 'm thinking about switching current accounts soon to something a bit better . 
  i 'm with lloyd 's at the moment . 
  uk , france , spain , monaco ( that counts !,
