  i understand why you 've chosen this type of tour . 
  i 'd recommend making a plan for each place you 're going to stop : figure out what you want to see and go !, 
  do n't be too inflexible , though : plans are made to change . 
  you can definitely use this trip for the future . 
  figure out a place you really enjoy , then you can go back sometime later and spend a week or two getting to know it . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a blast , good luck !, 
  well yeah , it 's not a way i would choose to travel , but for fucks sake he 's 16 . 
  good on him for going out and travelling in the first place . 
  he 'll learn how he prefers to travel . 
  and going abroad alone at 16 is scary : an organized tour makes a lot more sense at that age . 
  he came here asking for help , and tons of people just shat all over him because they did n't agree with how * he * wanted to travel . 
  let 's be honest , the vast majority of comments here are mocking and self congratulatory rather than actually trying to help ( i mean , why post him to shitamericanssay ?! ), 
  i 'd say trips like these are n't really popular with americans anymore . 
  it 's much more common to see tourists from china or japan doing the whirlwind bus tours . 
  sorry that people are being dicks , op . 
  you definitely have a rushed itinerary but i can guarantee it 'll be a blast . 
  are you getting meals included ? 
  do you know what you want to buy for souvenirs ? 
  it might help to make a spreadsheet in excel with an estimated value each day . 
   warsaw shore errrr ... how does that work geographically ? 
  shore of the vistula ? 
  nope . 
  it used to be the way you said , but there were some changes in 2012 that made it significantly more difficult to get ilr . 
  source : am currently on an unmarried partner visa ( almost the same thing as a spouse visa ) in the uk , have been here over 3 years , and am still not eligible for ilr . 
  edit : to give more clarity : you initially get a visa admitting you for 2.5 years . 
  you renew that when it expires for another 2.5 years . 
  at the end of that one , you can either renew again or go for ilr . 
  the 3 years thing is no longer correct for the uk . 
  it 's now six : five years to get ilr , and one to get citizenship . 
  ha , i was thinking the same thing : brunede sounds like either browned or burned . 
  look up what economists ( on both the left and right ) have to say about rent controls . 
  it 's not pretty . 
  well i 'm sure he did . 
  i 've seen ufos too : remember it just stands for unidentified flying object . 
  the only difference between me and him : when i see lights in the sky i think `` what kind of plane is that ? '', 
  rather than `` those fucking martians wo n't probe * my * butthole '' . 
  i do n't think that 's much of a conspiracy , is it ? 
  us policy has always been openly in favor of a strong eu . 
  i used to live in winchester . 
  prior to 2010 it was a lib dem seat , but it flipped in 2010 and in the post-coalition 2015 election was very safe tory . 
  thinly sliced marinated and grilled meat . 
  in the usa we have london broil which is n't a thing in the uk . 
  even then i feel like the variance is even greater in the us . 
  i have friends in gosport , one of the fattest towns in the uk , and used to work in london . 
  the variance there is nothing compared to the difference in obesity between south carolina and san francisco . 
  in sf it seemed like everybody was trim , while in sc a huge ( literally ) portion of people are absolute hambeasts . 
  it reminds me of the old joke : `` the obesity problem in the us is so bad that one third of all people are two thirds of all people . 
  i feel like the distribution of fat folks in america is very skewed compared to the uk . 
  when i lived in san francisco there honestly were n't that many fat people . 
  i see more fat people at work in london than in sf . 
  however , i 'm originally from south carolina . 
  i remember being in line at wal-mart and realizing that not only was i the only thin person in the line of ~ 20 , but i was literally the only person who was n't morbidly obese . 
  yeah but the museum in the stonehenge area does a good job putting things into context , imo . 
  also , it 's one of those things to see so you can say you saw it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a great thing to see , even if you 're in the area as it 's just so terribly crowded . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in the us and uk there seems to be a move against hiring dedicated testers and toward hiring developers in test . 
  i do n't preorder or buy on launch day anymore . 
  i make exceptions for paradox and zachtronics though . 
  ha , i had a very similar experience with my southern american accent . 
  i also purged it except for a few words where traces remain and now speak with a fairly generic american accent . 
  in my defense , i ca n't read . 
  i live kinda close . 
  it 's worth visiting if you 're in the area , imo , but not worth visiting more than once . 
  there 's something very similar in the uk . 
  maybe sea cadets ? 
  i do n't know their name ; maybe a british person can chime in, 
  do you feel `` closer '' ( culturally , not just temporally ) to the italian renaissance ? 
  or perhaps the city-state or pre-italian kingdom that used to encompass the area where you live ? 
  not true apparently . 
  from the law commission ( pdf warning ) : http://www.lawcom.gov.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/legal_oddities.pdf, 
  it 's especially weird in ni 's case : abortion is provided on the nhs in the rest of the uk , but it 's completely illegal in ni . 
  abortion is a constitutionally protected right in the united states ( well , at the moment : we 'll see what trump 's new judges think ), 
  i 've been to : * russia * ukraine * ireland * uk ( i live in the uk ) * spain * france * monaco * italy ( plus vatican , if that counts ? ), 
  * belgium * the netherlands * germany * czech republic * poland * latvia * lithuania * estonia * norway if i have to choose , my favorites are probably italy , the baltics , ukraine , and russia . 
  i visited both ukraine and russia before the recent troubles , however . 
  my least favorite is easily monaco . 
  everything seemed so fake , flashy , etc. 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  imo that 's not weird , it 's entirely logical . 
  the vast majority of gun crime in the us is committed with pistols as they 're easily concealable . 
  rifles do n't pose the same kind of threat . 
   venezuela for example is a different case . 
  under chavez it was alright but under maduro it 's terrible . 
   well yeah , because oil prices did n't happen to crash when chavez was at the helm . 
  his massive , overleveraged , oil-backed spending and idiotic , uneducated economic policies built the house of cards that collapsed under maduro . 
  serious economic analysts have been predicting exactly what happened in venezuela for years . 
  it was a fairly obvious problem , and it seems that chavez either did n't have the intellectual capacity to appreciate the pending collapse or just plain did n't care . 
  personally , i have a * far * more positive view of castro than chavez . 
  castro built something great : the healthcare system and educational system in cuba is frankly amazing compared to the rest of latin america considering cuba 's economic status and the unending struggle by the us to assassinate/unseat him . 
  i ca n't get behind the political repression in cuba ... but nobody 's a cartoon `` good guy '' or `` bad guy '' in the world . 
  it 's complex . 
  chavez is a slightly different case ; his actions , politically , seemed to be purely reactive without any economic thought or plan . 
  the agents seem to be russian rather than american in this case . 
  i made a lot more money in the us than i did in the uk . 
  ironically enough my vacation time was about the same in both . 
  it 's not hate , i do n't think . 
  it 's just exaggerated frustration . 
  i do n't really care -- i 've been in a relationship since tinder arrived on the scene -- but it does n't have to do with travel specifically . 
  people do n't hate people who enjoy travelling . 
  it 's just that , in the context of a dating profile or something , it 's meaningless .
