  also , when you pay for something with your card , just say `` it needs to be swiped '' . 
  everywhere that takes chip and pin must also accept swiped cards so you will be ok . 
  unfortunately this does not extend to automated machines , so pay in cash or at a register . 
  satan of course , it says it right there in the article !, 
  i 'll usually at least try to learn basic phrases plus `` do you speak english ? '', 
  in a polite way . 
  real ales in general have quite low abv as they 're served live . 
  most hang between 3.5 % and 5 % . 
  there certainly are ales with higher abv ; i 'm speaking in broad generalities here . 
  bottled ales are definitely higher , but if op goes to london and drinks a bottled ale instead of a cask conditioned one at a proper pub he deserves a massive thump . 
  american craft beer tends to the high abv . 
  7 % is what i would consider average , with some going up to 12 and above ( imperial ipas , belgian style ales , imperial stouts , and sours ) . 
  its not a negative statement in quality toward british beers : i love cask ales . 
  there 's something very unique to the flavor that i have n't experienced either in the us or belgium . 
  armchair psychologist/historian time ( i.e. 
  time for me to spew bullshit guesses ) : it seems to me that british beer really represents the pub culture from which it came . 
  the flavors are fantastic , and session beers are more common so you have a chance to hang out with friends and drink for hours on end without getting absolutely smashed . 
  look at the dollar value of russian trade with china . 
  then look at the dollar value of us + eu trade with china . 
  that 'll tell you who china values . 
  the belgians take their beer seriously !, 
  op really does need to try some great beer while he 's there though . 
  try a lambic ; it 's a special type of beer fermented using wild yeast in the open and sometimes combined with fruit . 
  look for a geuze or kreik . 
  cantillon , a brewery in brussels , is my personal favorite . 
  again be careful . 
  belgian beer clocks in at double digit abv , and it is so good you wo n't want to stop drinking . 
  i do n't remember much of belgium for this reason . 
  if op drinks craft beer , american beer tends to be much stronger than what you 'll get in the uk , a little bit stronger than what you 'll get in germany , and weaker than belgium . 
  if op drinks budweiser etc it 'll be about the same as germany ( 5-6 % abv ) . 
  still stronger than british ales . 
  be careful in belgium though . 
  not even that . 
  i 'm sitting on a bus in london right now with people who are clearly not tourists . 
  there are loads of shorts , white socks , trainers etc. 
  loads of people wear shorts in the uk . 
  it would be seen as absolutely normal . 
  well , half the united stateians . 
  remember , it 's illegal in a bunch of states . 
  surely that makes the us more civilized than either japan or singapore , on balance ? 
  interesting , i 'm sure the japanese and singaporeans would consider themselves civilized . 
  do you consider all countries with the death penalty uncivilized ? 
  a technician who had been given an advanced long-range anti-aircraft rocket platform without adequate training or supervision . 
  let 's not pretend this is just a tragic , unavoidable accident . 
  if i give a gun to a toddler and he shoots someone by accident , i certainly bear some responsibility for that person 's death . 
  sure , nobody would argue that i * wanted * the other person dead , but i was clearly negligent . 
  missing monaco , san marino , and vatican city . 
  op please fix . 
  ok maybe leave off the latter . 
  that just seems utterly unnecessary . 
  ouch . 
  that 's not really accurate -- the guy was spraying his own crops with roundup in a clear effort to specifically select for roundup ready crops . 
  it was n't like the guy was some innocent farmer ; he knew what he was doing . 
  i kinda blame pakistan less though . 
  the us ran a fake vaccination scheme to try to root out obl . 
  monsanto has never sold terminator seeds ... in fact , nobody has . 
  they 've never been sold commercially . 
  there 's lots of fud and ignorance surrounding food security issues . 
  come on . 
  all this means is that you 've never been to a country where brainwashing * actually * occurs . 
  do n't be hyperbolic . 
  good . 
  quite frankly , i have a lot more trust in a heavily-tested computer than i do in a human . 
  a computer ca n't be tired , angry , drunk , high , embarrassed , scared , or swayed by any fallible emotion . 
  high-intensity jobs are where computers * should * be . 
  take soldiers , for example . 
  the haditha massacre took place in iraq when a squad of us marines were supposedly fired upon . 
  they ended up systematically killing civilians in the area . 
  i do n't think people like that are somehow evil or villains . 
  not to excuse what they did , but when humans are put under unimaginable amounts of stress , it breeds these horrific behaviors . 
  computers do n't have that problem . 
  they simply wo n't turn the wrong way when a car skids or freeze up in fear when they see a truck coming to impact them . 
  aaah , dmitry rozogin . 
  the most realistic and cool-headed russian government official . 
  the mean degree of social separation from the victims is higher in big countries . 
  i think the fact that this was done in aggression also changes the reaction . 
  there 's a mine cart operator somewhere in latvia having a * really * bad day . 
  * that 's * where he went wrong . 
  and explains why he 's not allowed in latvian theme parks anymore . 
  great !, 
  well i 'm sold . 
  can a french redditor let hollande know i 'm ready when he is ? 
  just have him sail it up the river itchen and i 'll meet him at a cashpoint . 
  they 're only for * defensive * assaults . 
  yeah , working visas . 
  well , any residency visa that will give you a reasonable chance of living there with a view to stay permanently . 
  student visas are reasonable . 
  i forgot to mention , i want a ten-year all-inclusive warranty on the ship . 
  is boat insurance required in the uk ? 
  i 'll just put # 1000 in the estimated value box and hope nobody checks . 
  if they drop the price to the # 1000 range i 'll buy it . 
  did it deliver ? 
  how old were you ? 
  index funds , my friend :-), 
  i am an american living in winchester in hampshire and i love it . 
  the commute to london is expensive but it easily beats the cost of living in london . 
  plus winchester is beautiful . 
  if you can get in ( it 's really hard ) then i 'd definitely recommend it . 
  hard to get in :( it is nice though . 
  be careful though .
