  never really got into salo , though, 
  oh ok , that makes sense . 
  they 're negative in inflation-adjusted terms , not absolute . 
  the us also sold bonds with below-inflation yields . 
  that must have been horrible for those buying annuities at the time . 
  i 'm pretty happy that the coalition government gave more financial freedom to retirees with the recent pension reforms . 
  it 's surprising to me that they can compete with uk gilt and us tt-notes ... 
  interesting , though . 
  thanks !, 
   i wish portuguese debt was remunerated like the german , so that instead of us paying high interest rates to be in the markets , they would instead pay us to be our creditors . 
  can you expand or give a source on this ? 
  i 'm not doubting you at all , i 'm just curious . 
  does this mean german government bonds have negative interest rates ? 
  how do they get people to purchase them if so ? 
  it would be * very * interesting if a valley in wales became the next [ silicone valley ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silicone_valley_\\ ( san_fernando_valley \\ ) ) . 
  ;-) its quite different from silicon valley , though the two have a lot to do with one another . 
  agreed on the varenyky/pelmeni !, 
  i love them filled with potato and meat , though i 've had vareniki filled with cottage cheese that were really tasty . 
  czech food is really amazing , imo . 
  simple , unpretentious , and hearty . 
  succotash from the americas comes from the same tradition . 
  there 's too much to choose ... but two standouts for me : bavarian schweinshaxe ( especially served with rotkohl ) and latvian/baltic cold borshch . 
  look at the chart , 
   first of all , the world will spend more money on defence . 
  money that could have been used for something ... useful . 
  it was the cold war that lead humanity to the moon . 
  peacetime spending is obviously better than defense spending , but great things can come from things like this . 
  i 'm not denying a cloud exists , but there is * some * silver lining . 
  it 's actually just the tent defending itself from the tent . 
  it 's a tent that may * look * like a bear , and move like a bear , and do everything else like a bear , but it 's still a tent . 
  do your family and friends in lugansk own high powered semi-automatic military grade assault weapons with advanced optical sights ? 
  are they currently occupying a police station ? 
  nobody doubts the pro-russian sentiments in eastern ukraine . 
  i have friends in the crimea and dnepropetrovsk who feel similarly . 
  however , something strange is afoot : ukraine 's fertile soil appears to be sprouting armed men with state of the art equipment and strange accents who have a penchant for occupying government buildings . 
  russia capitalized on strong pro russian sentiment in the crimea to gain a military foothold by means of `` self defense forces '' . 
  the same script appears to be playing out in eastern ukraine . 
  to answer your question about democracy : no , this is not democratic . 
  there is a right way and a wrong way to do things . 
  i , like many others in this subreddit ( i suspect ) , have no problem with the principle of crimean independence , just like i have no philosophical issue with scottish or catalan independence ( though i may disagree if independence is best ) . 
  the right way to go about this sort of thing is through diplomacy and negotiation , * not * a surprise occupation by a foreign military power followed by a snap referendum . 
  interestingly enough , if you type sevastopol , even google maps russia says ukraine . 
  or maybe a propagandist . 
  interesting comment history , that one . 
  note that if you use the same password on multiple sites , it 's a good idea to change your password on * all * sites if * any * site on which you 've used the password has been compromised . 
  british countries ( at least the home nations ) are functionally and administratively equivalent to federal states ( though they are n't technically federal ) . 
  bit weird to combine england and wales , though it 's possible that the source used provided statistics for both combined . 
  it breaks it down by country as well . 
  the us competes just fine among individual nations of europe , not just against the european average . 
  til american = anything made_in_england decides is american . 
  http://www.fbbva.es/tlfu/dat/understandingsciencenotalarga.pdf here 's another analysis from 2011 that puts the us at a lower rate of geocentrism than germany , france , the uk , the netherlands , and the european average . 
  this study is truly apples to apples . 
  i wonder if some of that is due to the dutch bible belt ? 
  oceana is insanity mode . 
  oh , thanks !, 
  i was looking at the big chart and must habed missed it . 
  also ... wtf , uk and france ? 
  here is one with presumably similar methods : http://www.fbbva.es/tlfu/dat/understandingsciencenotalarga.pdf it came up with a very similar result , scientific literacy is medium-high in the us , consistent with the european average . 
  thanks for posting , that 's interesting . 
  i did n't see the geocentric question though . 
  i think every country has geography in school ;-) the question is how many remember it . 
  ok . look at my other comment . 
  http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/seind14/index.cfm/chapter-7/c7h.htm open the pdf , then navigate to the chart where they show the results . 
  also from the study : `` levels of factual knowledge in the united states are comparable to those in europe and are generally higher than levels in countries in other parts of the world . '', 
  but hey , why listen to facts when we have a preconceived `` americans are dumb '' narrative that no amount of factual evidence can change ? 
  and one in three europeans !, 
  edit : i 'm getting downvotes , but it 's true . 
  ~ 65 % of the eu polled answered correctly , while 74 % of americans got it right . 
  look up the study for yourself !, 
  so do i. . . i 've been there . 
  belarus is n't russia , it does n't fit at all . 
  i would be surprised if most people here in the uk knew about kaliningrad . 
  i 'm guessing there were a few taking the piss , 
  nuclear weapons and natural gas . 
  uh oh , evil ukrainians threatening my town ? 
  better go to tesco to pick up an ak74 , laser sight , and bmp !, 
  apparently i really need to visit a ukrainian supermarket , seems like they have quite a selection !, 
  let 's not go too far in the opposite direction : do you have any source for that ? 
  there * is * a huge pro russian population there : i have friends in kharkiv who feel similarly . 
  i 'm not * mad * about it , i just found it funny . 
  i 've heard everything from people thinking americans eat with their mouths wide open , shove in line , are either too loud in public ( by far the most common ) or too reserved , horribly rude , etc. 
  it 's just a pattern i 've noticed : i can assure you i take it in the best humor . 
   it 's the other way around , there are multiple humans with differing opinions . 
  they 're not * informed * opinions , though . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's like when americans crow on about european socialist hell holes : they are often looking at very limited sets of evidence or speaking out of sheer ignorance . 
  from some people i talk to , i think there * is * an element of smugness among * some * that americans are uniquely capable of ignorance , and that people from western europe are somehow more enlightened . 
  it 's not overt , but it exists . 
   this is so trivial and ridiculous that i ca n't possibly take this seriously . 
  fine , you 're free to do so , but i 'll point out that was an * example * of a pattern i 've noticed : that specific incident was not meant to be taken outside its broader context . 
  i agree about the echo chamber statement . 
  i think people ( western and non ) prefer echo chambers that pander to their own views . 
  i 'm not criticizing all europeans or absolving americans at all , by the way : you just asked about misconceptions about americans . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but at least in the uk people tend to vastly overestimate their knowledge of what life in the us is like . 
  as with most things , lots of people are guilty of reducto ad absurdeum : either the us is super cool and , essentially , los angeles , or the us is full of fat ignorant blobs universally under thousands of dollars of medical debt . 
  in reality , life for the vast majority of americans is identical to life for the vast majority of brits . 
  also , there 's a tendancy to attribute any action seen as `` uncultured '' to americans . 
  for example , an italian guy in this subreddit automatically assumed americans put ketchup on pasta , even though it 's unheard of in the usa ( hence why it was parodied so heavily when done on that show about the fat girl ) . 
  finally , understanding of american politics is * very * shallow , especially when it comes to state/federal differences , etc. 
  i 've had to correct a lot of my british friends when they attempt to discuss american politics : i think since political stories in the us are covered in british media but not at a very in-depth level it leads to lots of people having a false sense of overconfidence when discussing those issues .
