  well , let 's not sugar-coat it : iran executes more people than saudi arabia , and homosexuality and apostasy are both punishable by death . 
  hizbollah are no humanitarians either . 
  though i definitely agree with you : iranian people , in general , tend to be really cool and friendly . 
  i hope the thawing of relations between iran and the west will mean i 'll get to visit without a guide at some point . . 
  not just `` not necessarily '' , it 's flat-out wrong . 
  the best currency is the one whose value is most predictable . 
  the actual value of a currency relative to other currencies is irrelevant ; it 's the change in value that matters . 
  the lat , when it was still around , was more valuable than both the euro and the pound but i do n't think anyone wanted to start paying for oil in lats . 
  i 'd actually recommend the opposite . 
  op is only coming for a summer so he or she would probably rather get a laptop with a familiar keyboard . 
  plus , laptops in the us are much less expensive than any in france or the uk . 
  i 've brought many electronic devices overseas ( in fact , i usually wait until going to the us to make electronics purchases due to the price difference ) . 
  i 've never had a problem with wifi ; i 've only had to be careful about 4g channels . 
  get a laptop . 
  trust me , if you 're doing an international move you want to go as light as possible . 
  if you really want dual monitors , get them over here . 
  [ he could consider jobland . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siabiwpyccg ), 
  well , it 's certainly great for investment because it 's very stable and growing quickly . 
  plus , many transnational corporations list themselves in us exchanges ( especially nyse ) , so indexes such as the s&p 500 are more diversified by default than , say , ftse 100 or euro stoxx 50 . 
  where i 'm from both will ( quite rightly ) get you fined . 
  the us economy runs on blood ? 
  http://www.economicpopulist.org/files/u1/gdpindustry12.jpg hmmm , i do n't see blood mentioned . 
  which of those sectors includes blood ? 
  it is massively difficult to immigrate to the uk these days if you 're outside of the eu . 
  source : non-eu immigrant to the uk . 
  errrr ... what does that have to do with gay marriage in italy ? 
  it 's still backwards not to have gay marriage in 2016 ( and yes , other countries do backwards things too ) . 
  exactly !, 
  it was already legal in the majority of states anyway when the supreme court made the final ruling . 
  it was incredibly backward that some did n't allow it . 
  it seems insane that italy does n't even have civil unions for homosexual couples . 
  edit : why did you bring up the us anyway ? 
  i do n't see how it 's relevant , there are loads of other western countries that fully legalized it before the us . 
  interesting . 
  i asked my girlfriend the same thing , she said : british , english , world , and she does n't really feel european . 
  it seems so backward that in 2016 some western countries * still * do n't have gay marriage or civil unions . 
  convenient that it 's the embarrassing stuff that happens to fall by the wayside , huh ? 
  i believe they 're cost of living adjusted . 
  al queso , the group 's culinary wing . 
  seems the same in the uk as well . 
  usually i just ask . 
  keep in mind , they did n't know he just had a knife at the time . 
  he could have been wearing a vest strapped with high explosives , and the flying shrapnel could definitely cause injuries or deaths among bystanders . 
  was there a noticeable effect on homicide or other crime rates as a result of the new restrictions ? 
  where do you get 30 times from ? 
  us rate is 3.8 / 100k while the uk is 1/100k . 
  they 're quite nice  . 
  they 're just dune fields rather than deserts . 
  iirc europe does n't have any deserts , just semi arid regions . 
  the ones in the netherlands are just basically sandpits rather than deserts , right ? 
  that 's the same logic that kept pinochet in power , and it makes me uncomfortable to see it being used to excuse state-sanctioned crimes simply because another regime is slightly worse . 
   if we ignored countries because they execute people , we 'd have broke relations with the us along time ago . 
  yes , and japan and singapore . 
  there is a difference in the legal framework under which prisoners in the us/japan/singapore are executed vs. saudi arabia and iran , though . 
   you realise that you can be against specific actions a country does , without being against the country as a whole ? 
  obviously . 
  but `` choosing a side '' with iran is shortsighted at best . 
  i 'm all for a harder line with saudi arabia , but pretending iran is on a much higher pedestal is ignorant at best . 
  both regimes have horrific , unacceptable human rights records . 
   you know like how people still support the us even after all their illegal wars and war crimes ? 
  you mean the illegal wars and war crimes that a majority of european countries were complicit in ? 
  i think there * should * have been a lot more resistance to the iraqi war than there was . 
  backing iran is making the exact same mistake . 
  it 's a bit stupid that some redditors on this subreddit constantly bring up the us 's transgressions when a poster with a us flag pipes up . 
  i 'm just as against us torture , illegal imprisonment , and executions as i am iran 's , or japan 's , or singapore 's , or thailand 's , or any other country with legalized state-sanctioned murder . 
   that 's only slighty more when you consider population ( 27 mil vs 75 mil ) , but it 's not like that i support executions , as opposed to some of us states that killed 28 people last year . 
  i 'm not really sure why everyone brings up the us -- i am just as against american executions as i am against iranian/saudi executions . 
  my point is that human rights abuses are endemic in * both * saudi arabia and iran , and `` choosing a side '' is a naive solution at best when you 're dealing with two regimes with horrible human rights records . 
  i 'd say edinburgh . 
  the nation that executed nearly 300 people last year ( as opposed to sa 's ~ 100 ) ? 
  yes , american cars sold in europe are subject to the same amount of testing that any european car is . 
  have you seen any evidence that any american automotive company may be deliberately cheating emissions tests ? 
  it was immediately reverted . 
  facebook produces so much content that a ban is unlikely to be by human hands alone . 
  it was likely have been reported by someone and automatically flagged . 
  i do n't really think facebook 's board of directors is sitting around outraged about nude statues :-), 
  seriously . 
  if the nsa are that desperate to see my girlfriend 's breasts , they 're going to figure out a way . 
  yes , the american military bombed a hospital , causing international outrage and an admission and investigation by the us government . 
  meanwhile , russia and pro-assad forces have bombed * four * . 
  as of october 2015 . http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/22/three-syrian-hospitals-bombed-since-russian-airstrikes-began-doctors-say, 
  there 's a great documentary on netflix called `` e-team '' which follows a group of hrw investigators . 
  i 'd highly recommend it . 
  it 's a lot * more * difficult to keep civilians alive when you 're using cluster bombs and unguided munitions in populated areas . 
  those are people getting offended by the phrase `` happy holidays '' . 
  some retailers use `` happy holidays '' to appeal to jewish , islamic , and other non-christians who have religious ( or non-religious , e.g. 
  new year ) holidays at the same time . 
  some retailers do n't , though . 
  i am not really aware of ever hearing anyone getting offended at merry christmas ... 
  it takes a lot of people to run an embassy , including people in clerical roles , support staff , etc. 
  do you think every member of , say , the norwegian consulate in ulaanbaatar speaks fluent mongolian ? 
  ... have you seen anyone get offended by `` merry christmas '' in the us ? 
  `` pursuit of happiness '' is not a constitutional right . 
  the phrase is n't even from the us constitution . 
  it 's from the declaration of independence , which is a very important document but carries no legal weight and can not be cited as precedent . 
  obergefell v hodges was decided on the basis of the equal protection and due process clauses of the us constitution . 
  haha !, 
  yeah , i tend not to hang around with people who use racial slurs regularly so i do n't quite know the latest and greatest . 
  i think that 's pretty much by design :-) .
