  we study british history in school . 
  the french are fine with americans . 
  oddly enough , they tend to be intelligent and non-xenophobic enough to judge people on their character rather than their nationality ... just like the majority of people in europe . 
  are you sure ? 
  do they actually live in the uk ? 
  you see some stupid stuff about americans from brits on reddit but i 've never had anything like that translate into real life . 
  granted i 've only lived here a year , but the only `` abuse '' i 've suffered is just banter , which i return in force . 
  there 's some stereotyping i get ( some people assume all americans love guns , hate a-rabs and are broke trying to pay for healthcare ) , but i think any nationality would deal with their share of silly stereotypes . 
  i 've never felt singled out for being a yank . 
  the soldier killed was apparently a 2-star general . 
  `` and you are lynching negroes ! '', 
  haha , i know :-) but with all the discussion about russia lately on / r/europe i actually got confused at the post . 
  i did n't mean to come off condescending , it just took me a couple minutes to realize op meant gasoline . 
  if anything , i really hope this crisis stresses the importance of domestic launch capability to nasa and the esa . 
  whore is more explicitly gendered , i 'd say . 
  `` bitch '' just kinda means `` grumpy lady '' , while `` whore '' implies something quite graphic . 
  fyi to those answering : op means petrol . 
  `` gas '' in the us usually refers to petrol rather than natural gas . 
  repeating after someone else ? 
  no idea what the implication there is , but no , none of my comments infringe on anyone 's copyright :-) i 'm not an expert on the ukrainian milliary by any means . 
  however there are ngos ( maybe either amnesty international or hrw , do n't remember ) who found evidence of both sides shelling civilian areas . 
  i definitely think ukraine has a much higher moral standard then the russian-backed terrorists , but from a layman point of view it seems like their military performance has n't been strong . 
  obviously i 'm not an expert ; i do n't think many people from / r/europe are experts on the ukrainian military . 
  i 'm just forming opinions from the news i read and my conversations with my ukrainian friends . 
  i 've spent a fair amount of time there traveling and getting to know people , not inspecting their defense capability . 
  spending time in a place certainly does not make you an expert . 
  i mentioned shelling because it shows , to me , some of the equipment and tactical weaknesses of the ukrainian military establishment . 
  the equipment is out of date , hence the use of unguided grad launchers , so it naturally leads to more collateral damage . 
  i 've claimed to be an expert on ukraine ? 
  really ? 
  i 've never claimed that at all !, 
  this is a national guard which is , in effect , a reserve army for internal defense . 
  i highlighted the ukrainian army to show the sorry state of ukrainian armed forces in general . 
  i think this will be quite good for ukraine ; i 'd like to see their internal forces developed to the point that they can become a fairly effective fighting force . 
  of course they 're not arming them with artillery ; when did i say anything otherwise ? 
  it 's actually pretty good . 
  the ukrainian army is a bit of a shitshow right now -- inferior weapons , primarily conscripts , and in organizational disarray . 
  training with a professional , first-world force will give them the opportunity to , hopefully , refine their tactics a bit beyond `` shell anywhere the rebels may be '' . 
  holy shit , that 's dark !, 
  can you translate ? 
  northern european  northerners always seem to forget italy , spain , and greece exist ... i 've had old italian women speak to me exclusively in italian . 
  i do n't speak italian , but we had a conversation after a fashion . 
  an englishman and a welshman are walking along a country road when they hear a noise . 
  they investigate and find a sheep with its head stuck in a fence . 
  the welshman smiles and says `` i know exactly what to do . 
  watch this . '', 
  he goes right up to the sheep and fucks it from behind . 
  after he 's done , he turns to his english friend : `` you want a go ? '', 
  the englishman thinks for a moment and says `` okay , but do i have to stick my head in the fence ? '', 
  seriously . 
  i commute by bus every day in london . 
  if i have a seat and you 're a relatively healthy woman , you can stand just as well as i can , thankyouverymuch . 
  elderly and pregnant i always get up for , though . 
  also , being on the phone is frowned upon in public places ? 
  this needs a huge disclaimer . 
  it 's fine if you 're walking down the street , or calling someone from a train station ... basically the only time it 's really frowned upon is a. ), 
  if you 're shouting into the handset , or b. ), 
  you 're somewhere with a reasonable expectation of quietness ( i.e. 
  if you 're chattering away while on a train , or at a library , or something like that ) . 
  it 's not as bad as you likely think . 
  op is being a bit hyperbolic ... i 'm from south carolina , about as south as you can get . 
  definitely thank the host for things and complement the dinner ( if you mean it ) . 
  you would absolutely not be judged for things like table manners if you 're a foreigner though -- people are actually quite accepting in the states of stuff like that . 
  saying hello and making conversation with people is a part of the culture , though . 
  people think it 's fake , but that 's missing the point ( and strays a little bit into the `` let-me-tell-you-about-your-country '' territory ) -- it 's about sharing brief moments with people even though you 'll likely not see them . 
  i live in the uk which is , depending on who you ask , in europe . 
  oddly enough my most blatant `` loud foreigner '' story involves a dutch hen do on a quiet coach on my way home from waterloo ( edit : london waterloo station , not actual waterloo ) . 
  here 's a ** do n't ** in the uk : do not be loud on the quiet coach or i will end you . 
  and by `` end you '' i mean think silently `` what a dick '' and give you a hateful stare every few minutes . 
  maybe , in extreme cases , even escalate it into putting on my headphones in an egregious fashion while glaring in your direction . 
  sure but i do n't think they 're faking . 
  i used the same tactic in rennes with the same effect . 
  i 've never found this . 
  i speak enough french to hold a very basic conversion , so i 'd always start with that . 
  if i got frustrated and could n't think of a word , i 'd just say `` d\u00e9sol\u00e9 , mon francais est terrible . 
  more often than not whoever i was speaking to was very kind . 
  and yes , this was in paris . 
  ye auld alliance still lives :-), 
  well they 're really different collections of styles . 
  neopolitan pizza tends to be simple , with medium-thickness flat bread , fresh mozzarella , basil , and maybe some cured meats ( in my experience ) . 
  i am not as familiar with pizza in other regions of italy , unfortunately . 
  american pizza , again , is pretty eclectic . 
  chicago style is deep dish : it 's more like a meat pie than an actual pizza . 
  it 's eaten with a knife and fork . 
  ny style is big , run crusted , floppy and flat . 
  new haven style is similar , but with a wafer thin crust . 
  there are others , like detroit and california style , but they are n't as common outside of their area . 
  i 'm basing my answers purely on / r/europe threads where i 've noticed people with german and scandinavian flairs saying it 's normal . 
  it is probably confirmation bias , 
  yes but at least they receive social scorn for doing so . 
  apparently some places it 's * normal * . 
  american pizza can be really good . 
  it 's a fundamentally different style than italian pizza so should be appreciated independently . 
  apparently the germans eat pasta with ketchup . 
  horrifying . 
  i looked at getting a chip and pin card while i was living in the states but tbh it 's more trouble than its worth . 
  i did find with a swipey card ; i just made sure to take about 30 pounds in cash . 
  hey op , i 'm an american who lives in the uk . 
  your amex will not be as widely accepted as in the usa . 
  carry a visa or mastercard as well .
