  often , people tend to only be interested in hearing opinions that reinforce their preconceptions about the us rather than critically and objectively examining new information and adjusting their beliefs to reflect reality ( though this is a universal human trait , not unique to any topic or populace ) . 
  so basically someone 's just going to set up an disconnected wifi hotspot in brussels ? 
  the ukrainian government reported repelling an aerial incursion ( a helicopter carrying infantry ) a few weeks ago in far eastern ukraine . 
  i did n't hear too much more about it though . 
  you 've just described hyperinflation . 
  it does n't lead to any less greed . 
  it 's a message from the finnish security services . 
  `` putin is threatening to occupy estonia unless every european politician takes a photo of their best impression of a snapping turtle . '', 
  the uk 's ban on torrent sites is , i believe , by ip . 
  that could extend to catalonia , bashkyria , hell it could even extend to alabama . 
  south sudan . 
  dud grenades are pretty funny . 
  anti-vax in the us usually is n't a religious thing -- in my experience it usually stems from whole-food granola crunchers . 
  iirc there * is * somewhat sizeable religious resistance to vaccination from the dutch bible belt . 
  they 're obviously a small minority in the netherlands though . 
  russia iis n't holding on to old laws and prejudices , they 're actively creating new ones . 
  that 's the difference . 
  maybe start by meeting your nato targets ? 
  yet the uk and france , europe 's two largest defense contributors by far , were n't able to launch military operations on their own doorstep without us logistical support . 
  if the eu wants a serious military , a combined defense force , with * all * nations meeting reasonable defense spending targets , is the only answer . 
  until then , the us will take the lead in european defense . 
  it 's more than `` rude '' not to meet defense targets that your government agreed to meet . 
  sorry but this sounds a little ridiculous . 
  if you were on edge in colorado , i honestly think you 're just paranoid and letting your belief in stereotypes get in the way of your rational thinking . 
  if what you said is true ( which i really doubt -- i bet your friend misheard ) then you met one dickhead . 
  you can go ahead and let that ruin your trip , but that makes you just as ignorant as an american who sees a chav and immediately assumes the uk is a post apocalyptic hell hole . 
  when you start traveling to non-western countries , it becomes especially important to put your stereotypes to bed . 
  i hope you 're able to do that next time you travel . 
  good god . 
  who do you think we are , madmen ? 
  apparently the russians and westerners do n't hang out too much . 
  i 'd really recommend chris hadfield 's biography if you 're interested in the daily life of astronauts . 
  great to hear !, 
  i believe there 's a british astronaut slated to go up soon ; there 's a japanese guy up there at the moment . 
  it 's good to see the i in iss . 
  seems like a great option if you have a tablet or some other device that only consumes data , no voice . 
   it 'd be interesting to see where china stands [ this wikipedia article is very relevant . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_china ), 
  that 's been my view of the chinese outlook on ukraine as well . 
  in general china does n't give much of a shit about what goes on outside of its borders so long as their trade interests are n't affected . 
  they made a * very * weak statement of support for the russians ( saying they 'd `` reached an understanding '' ) , but , as their abstention shows , they do n't want to affect relations off their second-largest land border or largest trading partner . 
  if russia starts interfering with border states of china , though , i do n't think they 'd have any of it . 
  and , though the chinese use their power in a much `` quieter '' fashion , russia is no match in hard or soft power to what the chinese can bring to bear . 
  i think they 're only showing nations bordering russia . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure putin wants to roll some russian ( errr , sorry ... lithuanian self-defense force ) tanks through klaipeda . 
  i have a friend in yalta . 
  he 's a russian ( well , ethnic russian ) who 's anti-annexation . 
  the amount of pressure he 's faced from his boss and others has been * unbelievable * -- he 's stopped discussing the issue openly on facebook and only shares his posts with a few western friends and others of his ideological leaning due to concerns about his safety . 
  even if there 's not oecd-recognized intimidation , it is happening , and people are afraid to voice their opinion . 
  the presence of mysterious guys with guns does n't help the situation . 
  you 're a schrodinger 's racist . 
  i walk ~ 4 miles/day , very often in the rain . 
  one thing a lot of people do n't realize : rainwater will not kill you and wo n't eat through an umbrella . 
  most of those questions are about ukraine as a whole . 
  unfortunately they do n't break down each question by region -- i 'd like to see the results isolated to crimea . 
  they have one of the questions broken down with a line item for crimea , but again it focuses on the whole of ukraine . 
   what putin is missing is a genuine ideological movement to mobilize a power base and to consolidate his power . 
  russia is trying to start a real ideological force though . 
  look up nashi ; it 's a political nationalist youth organization . 
  some of their rhetoric is downright scary . 
  pravda is not a reputable paper . 
  imagine taking the daily mail and ratcheting the insanity up 10 times . 
  i used to read it for a laugh . 
  the articles are actually hilarious . 
  i 've seen what airlines do to food , i 'd be terrified to eat moules frites on a place . 
  ireland has some easily-exploitable tax laws as well . 
  there 's a reason google , apple , and so many other heavy hitters have a presence there , and it ai n't the guinness . 
  the swiss are n't in the union though . 
  they 're even further removed given the recent vote . 
  maybe if certain european partners do n't start pulling their weight . 
  there 's a lot of shoulds and `` are urged '' 's in there . 
  i 'd like to see more concrete efforts , though i understand with the uk 's precarious attitude to the eu it 's not really possible yet . 
  still , it seems to be a step in the right direction . 
  i can just foresee the us getting all their european data via gchq instead . 
  will there also be consequences for eu member states who colluded with the nsa ? 
  i do n't understand why students ca n't just learn to cook !, 
  when i was in university , i made cheap , healthy stir fries , noodle soups , and the occasional baked chicken . 
  eating well is cheaper in the long run and makes you feel better . 
  in any western country , really . 
  this violates so many health and safety/fire codes . 
  well , information storage is really easy . 
  information retrieval can be a bit difficult though ... 
  maybe he means belgium ? 
  i think men tend to choose more `` certain '' methods ( trains , bullets , etc ) . 
  if i recall , women attempt it more . 
   but not understanding why the minister of culture might not like it , is cultural unawareness yes . 
  who said they did n't understand ? 
  if anything i think the company would be surprised it would even rise to his attention . 
  it 's just a shitty ad an ocean away . 
  works of art get parodied all the time , most of the time much more offensive than this one . 
  oh , come on . 
  how is it cultural unawareness ? 
  they 're acknowledging it as a piece of great art and making a tongue-in-cheek joke about the aesthetics of their product . 
  or do you mean the company should have realized it 'd offend some italians ? 
  well , boo hoo for them . 
  any recognizable cultural item is going to be parodied in ways that might offend : look at the huge amount of parodies of the statue of liberty , or the eiffel tower , or big ben . 
  you do n't see the americans , french , or british pitching a hissy fit . 
  the italian minister of culture needs to get over himself . 
  the us wants to ratchet * down * their presence in europe . 
  that 's why the us has been so critical of nato nations who have been neglecting their defense spending targets .
