  this is sickening . 
  i spent a lot of time in ukraine ( several months ) and i keep in contact with several of the friends i made over there . 
  i 'm trying to see if they 're ok . kyiv is such a beautiful city ... it hurts to see maidan square in flames and , far more important , to see ukrainians gunned down on the street . 
  as someone who 's worked in the tech industry in the us and uk , the us is leagues ahead when it comes to startup incubation , wages , and economic risk-taking . 
  also , the american government handled the economic crisis better than the majority of eu nations . 
  for more subjective things that i do n't consider positive or negative : americans are slightly more open , i guess , than brits . 
  honestly , british culture and american culture are quite similar , even though some brits have a stereotypical view of americans . 
  i 'm sure the same thing exists the other way round though i have n't had as much chance to experience it . 
  edit : space and space funding ( nasa budget is more than double esa budget ) , gdp/capita ( norway and a few other european states excluded ) . 
  this is a hard question to answer : the list would be very long compared to ukraine and very short compared to norway . 
  europe is n't a monolith . 
  regardless , i 'd like to try it , preferably shaped like a hedgehog , 
  it does n't seem any worse than steak tartare , which is fairly common in the states . 
  haggis is n't nearly as exciting as it 's built up to be . 
  i was expecting something much more offensive than slightly tripey sausage . 
  it 's quite nice though . 
  if it travels through the uk then it will . 
  unsubscribe from the defaults , choose european subreddits , and see for yourself !, 
  people think `` oh , i 'll just make a website '' . 
  building a site to host static designs and images is child 's play , but if you want to run a serious web application , that 's another ball game altogether . 
  it 's * hard * . 
  keep in mind reddit is a venture backed company with massive server infrastructure . 
  how is op going to afford this ? 
  cloud hosting ? 
  that 's expensive , though it scales easily . 
  private vps ? 
  ok , but good luck setting up everything you need , plus once you start to scale you 'll run into issues . 
  dedicated hosting ? 
  fast , but hope you have deep pockets . 
  also , op needs to make sure he has a backup strategy , redundant servers , etc. 
  strange , i would expect activistpost.com to contain sober , objective , well-researched evidence based analysis with no hint of bias . 
  what should i do ? 
  i 've evangelized uc systems , consistently voted for and supported any candidate who supported a public option , and ultimately left to live in a country that * does * have a universal healthcare system . 
  they do spend significantly more , but the uk lags behind the rest of europe when it comes to cancer survival rates . 
  i think the nhs works for the uk , and i would n't want to see a change toward a social insurance system , but i think ultimately the french and german systems are more efficient and ultimately lead to better outcomes . 
  also i live in the uk so ... yeah , pretty familiar , 
  i think most people near where i live are pretty familiar with universal healthcare , 
  i love the french system . 
  i think it 's superior not only to the us system ( which , to be fair , is something akin to winning a beauty contest against a warthog ) , but it seems to be superior even to a fully public model such as the nhs , which struggles with cancer survival rates . 
  every story i 've ever heard about the french system has been positive , and the statistics appear to back them up : they 're regularly ranked the best system in terms of accessibility of care . 
  i think the way forward for the states is something similar to either the healthcare systems of france or switzerland . 
  i just hope the politicians ( and much of the public ) see the light . 
  i 'm sorry , but can you try not being a stereotyping idiot ? 
  the vast majority of americans know the healthcare system is garbage , and loads ( including myself ) admire the french system as the best way forward . 
  there was a large portion of americans who favored a public option in the recent healthcare debate ( though unfortunately not a majority ) . 
  ugh , sorry , i 'm running on ~ 4 hours sleep in the past 48 and replied to the wrong person . 
  japan does , many european countries do as well . 
  the reason it is used so much in the us and not elsewhere is not due to food safety laws , but rather due to the fact that sugar is relatively expensive in the us while corn is incredibly cheap due to the massive subsidies given to corn farmers . 
  i 've never heard of anyone in the us naming their cars ... i 've seen it in the movies , but never in real life . 
  * it 's come full circle !, 
  can you explain the `` european boston '' ? 
  tallinn is beautiful as well . 
  i have somewhat of a love affair with the baltics though , so i 'm a biased source :-), 
  yes , it was more like `` eh , fuck getting lunch , i 'm not hungry '' rather than `` fuck you , dirt bag '' . 
  jesus , that guy shot a raptor ?!, 
  i did a bit of hunting when i was a young child . 
  in my experience , most western hunters tend to be conservationists . 
  in fact , in many nations ( especially the uk ) , hunters help balance out the ecosystem as deer do n't really have any natural predators . 
  this is the reason that the hunting of predators is * very * tightly controlled , and , honestly , i 've never heard of anyone killing a bird of prey . 
  i know that if anyone i knew had done such a thing , they would get a pretty severe talking-to ( and , more likely , be sent to prison ) . 
  honestly i 'd be shocked if anyone cared . 
  the silly cold war `` embargo '' is only there due to the voting power of the cuban american population in south florida . 
  it 's a political third rail nobody can touch . 
  these days , american strategic interests have moved on . 
  right , i only meant for citizens of the eu . 
  yes , but i thought that , between non-schengen eu nations , there were other forms of border identification that could be used in place of a passport ( i.e. 
  a biometric identity card of some sort ) . 
  edit : found this link : http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/eucitizens/rightsandresponsibilites/ looks like a national identity card is ok to use as well . 
  almost everyone has a passport , though , so it 's not used too often i 'd imagine . 
  canada and australia do it too . 
  i believe you can with an eu identity card , correct ? 
  wow . 
  i had to read your comment twice , at first i thought `` surely he did n't say what i think he said '' . 
  you 're an unpleasant person . 
  hence the qualifier `` what was supposed to be '' :-) i have to admit , i do enjoy seeing the usg as a target of mass surveillance , though it seems monumentally dumb of russia to tip their sigint hand ( assuming that 's how they got the info ) in a blatantly obvious move to drive a wedge between the us and eu . 
  also , it makes me curious about russia 's sigint capabilities . 
  i wish we had an evginey snowdenov whistleblower from russia : i am sure they 're committing some pretty severe civil liberties sins . 
  though , the whistleblower would most likely find his morning porridge to have a slight polonium taste the next day . 
  sure , but it 's in what was supposed to be a private conversation . 
  i know i 've been exasperated with coworkers and said some things i do n't particularly want them to hear . 
  economic left/right : -4.75 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.77 i have a feeling most redditors will have an essentially identical result . 
  the thought that someone would get frustrated with the eu ? 
  you 'd hate britain ... 
  mostly because that would kinda reflect badly on the huge papal palaces , what with the rich man/needle thing . 
  where is he from ? 
   always thank the bus driver when you get off . 
  this one does n't seem to apply so much in london . 
  it 's definitely the case anywhere else i 've been though . 
  apparently not romanians . 
  its pretty common in the states , not sure about elsewhere though . 
  the spitting and staring were a bit of a culture shock for me :-), 
  i 've seen this in the uk and much of northern europe , but i 've * never * seen it in the usa . 
  we 've had enough italian immigration to know that ketchup on pasta is a sin :-), 
  ugh , i hate those things . 
  when my girlfriend and i were looking for new flats , i put mixer taps ( or the ability to install them ) as a requirement . 
  now they 'll * never * respect us . 
  brilliant plan , vladimir vladimirovitch . '', 
  it focuses quite a lot on the us , but have canada received a similar ultimatum ? 
  afaik the us vwp program requires a maximum rejection rate of 10 % for tourist visas to qualify . 
  poland , unfortunately , is just over that limit .
