  physics should n't work like that !, 
  edit : i think the su-35 was actually doing aerobatic manuevers rather than using thrust vectoring . 
  it looks like thrust vectoring was added to the su-37 . 
  that makes it even more of an amazing performance !, 
  edit2 : apparently i 'm wrong , some of the su-35 models were built with thrust vectoring . 
  who cares , it was great !, 
  out of curiosity , what causes the gap between actual individual consumption and gdp/capita in ireland vs. the uk ? 
  i 'm always confused when i see statistics like average household income reported as much higher in ireland even though , supposedly , ireland is on weaker economic footing . 
  there 's some singer in russia who performs completely nude and does porn on the side . 
  really , it 's the logical conclusion of where music videos are going . 
  i do n't see this as an american phenomenon . 
  plenty of people from various european nations i 've spoken with have told me how they 've `` checked off '' nyc , boston , las vegas , la , etc. 
   the us is nowhere near as culturally diverse as the 27 true , but it 's still culturally diverse enough not to have its citizens labeled as `` americans '' and lumped into one blob . 
  hfcs is overly cheap due to corn subsidies , true , but it 's not , healthwise , worse than cane sugar . 
  unfortunately i suspect the greatest resistance to come from the great bogeyman of europe : gmos . 
  it 's sad , europeans seem really uninformed in general about genetic modification . 
  it 's almost like eurocreationism . 
   i also want to point out the sensationalist nature of news organisation in america which tend to pain a much more sensational picture than the press in britain and europe does . 
  there 's also the reddit bias . 
  / r/politics is full of stories about corruption , etc. 
  the fact is , reddit is populated mostly by young students with a left-wing ideology , so you get a skewed picture of reality by reading reddit news ( just as you get a skewed picture by watching fox ) . 
  if i lived in the country / r/politics describes , i 'd be terrified !, 
   pharmaceutical industry : i think this one speaks for itself . 
  the us has capitalism deeply entrenched in this industry and is the reason most discoveries in medicine in recent years are coming mostly from europe/australia this really is n't true , where did you hear this ? 
  the us is responsible for a huge amount of pharmaceutical innovation ... plus , how would free trade with the us disadvantage european pharmaceutical markets ? 
  most pharmaceutical giants ( roche , glaxosmithkline ) are european . 
  edit : sources here http://healthcare.blogs.ihs.com/2012/08/01/pharmaceutical-innovation-in-the-us-and-europe-insights-from-ispor/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20403883 i do n't think you know what you 're on about . 
  funnily enough , that is * literally * the relationship between the nsa and the gchq . 
   a judge order is needed to start an investigation technically it still is -- a fisa warrant -- but i agree that the nsa program is extremely troubling , and i 'd really like to see it stopped . 
   if eu intelligence services are collaborating with nsa in warrantless spying against its own citizens and their allies , that 's something i would be against . 
  the dutch and uk at least have had direct access , and other intelligence agencies were sent reports from prism . 
   that usually happens when you start spying on your closest allies . 
  what about when you and your allies work in concert to spy on your own citizens , and you explicitly give many of your allies ( british , dutch , etc. ), 
  access to the spying they know you 're doing ? 
  this is n't big bad us spying on poor little europe riding hood . 
  this is big bad us collaborating with big bad europe , then europe throwing on a red bonnet and saying `` who , me ? '', 
  when it comes out . 
   \\*\\*\\* \\*\\*\\* \\* weird , it 's just asterisks . 
  they do n't ask this . 
  true  but they ask questions like `` have you ever been involved in terrorism '' . 
  it was a lesson learned from dealing with al capone , etc. 
  edit : i did some research on this . 
  any foreign national entering the us legally is given certain rights , i.e. 
  trial by jury , etc. 
  they ca n't be deported for no reason . 
  if it can be shown you entered the us in bad faith ( i.e. 
  lying on a question ) a deportation order can be submitted immediately without going to trial . 
  the reason they ask these questions is , much like how many criminals are caught due to tax evasion , it gives a clearcut legal reason for deportation if you answer `` yes '' . 
  obviously you 'll be flagged if you do answer yes , but it 's just another tool in the toolkit -- if you 've been involved in terrorism and did n't admit it , you 've committed document fraud . 
  i had to fill out similar forms when going to the uk . 
   tax thing . 
  ministers still defending us against ongoing attacks by `` grandstanding '' american politicians . 
  what do the irish people think about the tax thing ? 
  yep , just saw that , it came out today . 
  wild !, 
  i think many of those countries probably expected their communications to be expected , but still . 
  plus , this was at the direction of gordon brown ... the op was suggesting arresting barack obama . 
  how many european heads of state would we arrest ? 
  i think , firstly , it 's important to find out whether the companies actually violated eu law . 
  i feel like there 's still more to the story ... it 's easy to get pitchforks out early , but i really wonder the * real * story as to what 's been going on behind the doors at google . 
  also , the * massive * amounts of us investment in europe and the uk . 
  if you want to see that reduced , well ... good luck . 
  it would end poorly for * both * our nations , but ... oh well . 
  yeeah ... * reducing * military spending after pulling out of nato ? 
  good luck on that , unless it involves decommissioning nukes and gutting the ground forces . 
   the usa should pay a massive tax for having us bases on eu soil because they 're not there to benefit the eu . 
  you mean other than security guarantees for nato members ? 
  i actually rode from london to beijing by train . 
  the rail links in europe and asia are amazing . 
  as an american , the idea that i could go to a local train station , board a train , and end up in fucking * china * without going more than 10 meters off the ground was so weird !, 
  as i understand , he wants to keep a friendly relationship with both , seeking an atlantacist defense policy but i guess standing up to what he sees as unfairness from both sides . 
  having said that , as a guy immigrating to the uk in august , the rise of ukip scares me :( . 
  visa rules are onerous enough as it is . 
  just you wait , canada . 
  you think you got off scott-free ? 
  we 're building the canadian detention camps as we speak . 
  altbier is pretty delicious . 
  the us has the stronger military and could win the air and sea . 
  but the whole idea is so damn dumb . 
  true , but countries rarely actually start wars over spying . 
  arresting a head of state is different . 
   sure if the entirety of europe united for this america would lose everybody would lose . 
  the museum there is interesting . 
  the reagan room was unsettling and weird though . 
  i understand the idealism , but european governments were doing a pretty good job spying on european citizens in coordination with the nsa . 
  sure , they 'll put on a dog and pony show , but that does not change the fact that many european governments either * already knew about * or were * active participants in * prism surveillance . 
  honestly , i think the onus is on the people here . 
  hopefully people are concerned enough by the extent of surveillance that they will demand politicians that will be willing to enshrine restrictive rules on surveillance into law and , more importantly , prevent intelligence cooperation with countries who * do n't * respect those rules . 
  he 's not on vacation , he 's taking some time to direct a movie . 
  i love john oliver , he 'd be a great successor . 
  why ? 
  many were probably complicit . 
  keep in mind , this is not an american-only problem . 
  the dutch , the belgians , the `` five eyes '' ( usa , canada , australia , nz , uk ) , and probably others were either getting prism reports ( belgians ) or had direct access ( dutch , five eyes ) . 
  that tends to be overlooked in discussions like this . 
  spying is n't considered an act of war , if i recall correctly . 
  it 's accepted that it happens between countries . 
  is there any evidence the us was spying on any european head of state ? 
  intercepting communications is * massively * different than arresting a sitting head of state on a diplomatic mission . 
  i think if any country arrested another country 's head of state it would be grounds for war .
