  it took me a second to realize why your username was so familiar . 
   this was all done under the guise of legality , through the patriot act not just guise , as i understand it * was * legal . 
  however , it was an abuse of the spirit of the law -- and the * spirit * of the patriot act is abusive enough , which shows how bad this is . 
  a lot of people involved probably did n't think they were doing anything wrong . 
  it starts off with something very few people would find objectionable , probably the nsa requested some details about a facebook profile of someone implicated in a terrorist plot . 
  then it expands , little by little , until it 's something * really * bad . 
  it 's like the old wives ' tale about the frog who sits in the pot and allows himself to be cooked . 
  i 'd be willing to bet that the leaker was someone who was shown the extent of the program and just thought `` holy shit '' . 
  a nato state in the northern hemisphere . 
  conde nast ^ \u00ae always has the best interest of the public in mind !, 
  5 ) the nsa built candy crush and just loaded the facebook app with shitloads of permissions that users blindly agreed to . 
  well , it actually really depends . 
  my company does the exact same thing , scraping through facebook and twitter to build a relationship graph ( for marketing purposes ) . 
  if * that 's * what the nsa was doing ... i do n't have much of a problem with them scraping publicly available data . 
  we 'll have to see as more info comes out . 
  i 'm still very concerned about this . 
  ah , right , i think i remember that , actually . 
  sorry ` bout those silos , by the way . 
  yes . 
  you * can not * sentence a hacker to exactly 2 years . 
  1 year , 364 days , 23 hours , 59 minutes ? 
  you 're fine . 
  you keep him in there 60 seconds longer , though , and he has to wait ... well , another few seconds before he 's released . 
  that makes a pretty massive difference to my opinion of the policy , haha . 
  edit : just read the article . 
  it looks like this is the `` minimum maximum '' sentence of each country . 
  the economist is pretty good for certain types of european issues . 
  they would be no good for the floods , but for policy i like them . 
  they 're more center-right ( well , classical liberal/libertarian ) than the guardian , though . 
   made our prime minister cry in the process . 
  hahaha , is this true ?!, 
  no offense to the french ( well ... a little bit of offense to the french ) but i would have thought it 'd be the other way around . 
  apparently we are , as eu governments ( uk specifically ) have been given access to the data . 
  hey man , go big or go home . 
  i think the intent of fisa was to say `` we want to put a wiretap on mahmoud al-kabaizi 's ( made that name up ) phone as we have strong evidence to believe he is involved in planning an attack . 
  give us permission ? '', 
  that is fairly reasonable -- i do n't think anyone is against using * any * wiretap , and it can be very useful for anti-terrorism purposes . 
  that 's not what was asked , though . 
  the nsa came to the court and said `` give us permission to get call metadata from verizon/user info from facebook/etc . ? '', 
  * that * is not ok . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  i thought child mortality was measured similarly across the eu . 
   also : netherlands got mayo instead of ketchup at fast food places , wth man . 
  this is the best thing about the netherlands . 
  that and haring . 
  stay away from the south . 
  `` hiiiiiiiiiiiii , how y' aaaaalllll dooooooin ' ?!, 
  can i heeeeelp youuuuuu fiiiiiiiiiiin ' anythaaaaaaang ? '', 
  i went to a good school and was in gifted programs . 
  the us public school system , despite its reputation , fares fairly well internationally . 
  there 's a huge achievement gulf in public schools here though . 
  if you compare my education to a school in rural swansea , sc ( not wales ! ), 
  it just would n't compare . 
  it varies even more state-to-state : as i said , sc hovers between 49th and 51st out of 51 ( dc is included ) , but states like ma and connecticut do really well ( i have no idea if that 's actually true for those two states , i 'm just basing my judgement 100 % off stereotypes ) . 
  maybe so . 
  the last two years were focused specifically on ap courses , so we were mostly preparing for those exams . 
  well ... damn you tipping culture !, 
  i really like the look and sound of the polish language , though i have no idea how to pronounce that word . 
  yeah , waiters and waitresses are focused on turnover due to the tip system . 
  the more tables they wait , the more tips they get . 
  i say we just enforce minimum wage rules for waiters . 
  i 'm american , and my experience was not strictly asked for , but when has that ever stopped an american from butting in ? 
  my experience seems fairly similar to other people here . 
  i graduated a few years ago , so my memory is a bit hazy during high school . 
  one thing to note : while we do n't have gcse/a-levels like the uk , we have ap courses , which involve an external exam and are similar to a-levels . 
  students can choose different paths if they like , this was just what i chose . 
  also , it 's worth noting that american schools can differ greatly depending on the state and district . 
  i was in south carolina -- one of the worst states in the union for education -- but i was in a really good sc public school ( most of the bad schools in sc are in the really poor areas , unfortunately ) . 
  anyhow ... * 9th grade ( 14 ) - algebra ii - advanced quadratic formulas ( we learned the basics in 7th and 8th grade ) , more advanced algebra ( we learned basic algebra and quadratics in 7th grade , we got into logs and such here ) . 
  that 's about all i remember specifically . 
  even though it was called algebra , it was more just general math - we did basic probabilities , geometry , trig , etc. 
  too . 
  we also expanded on our proof techniques -- proofs were first introduced in 8th grade , but we continued using them throughout my high school career . 
  * 10th grade - pre-calculus - functions and function composition , imaginary arithmatic ( with imaginary planes and stuff ) , basic derivation -- we learned to describe domains and such of functions , that kind of thing . 
  basically introducing us to the basics of calculus . 
  more advanced trig functions and radial graphing too . 
  also i recall some early discreet mathematics . 
  we did matrix multiplication and solving equations with matrices too . 
  * 11th grade - ap statistics - note that i chose to take this rather than calculus in 11th grade , i probably should have gone for calc next . 
  anyway , statistical modeling , z-scores , all that good stuff . 
  * 12th grade - ap calculus - integrations , derivations , sums , modeling real life stuff with integrals , that kind of thing . 
  basic vector fields and such too . 
  edit : for some reason i thought it was secondary math only . 
  in elementary school ( 1st-5th grade , ages 6-11 ) , we learned just basic stuff : addition , multiplication , patterns , measurement . 
  like you we also did basic geometry ( volumes , pythagorean theorem ) . 
  one fact you may find interesting : i remember being taught in exclusively si units . 
  we measured length in meters and cm , temperature in c , volume in milliliters and liters , and mass in grams . 
  obviously we used imperial in our daily lives , but we were exposed to si . 
  in middle school ( 6th-8th grades , 11-14 ) , we began `` named '' math classes ( and ability streaming began ) . 
  my classes in middle school were : * pre-algebra - 6th grade : basic introduction to equation-solving and algebraic concepts . 
  i * believe * we used trig functions for the first time , but not much beyond `` this is what they are , here 's how you can solve for an unknown side of a triangle '' . 
  * algebra i - 7th grade : algebraic functions , equation solving , quadratic functions . 
  we did basic matrix operations either here or in 8th grade . 
  * geometry - 8th grade : trig functions , trig identities , introduction to geometric proofs , shape functions and angle properties , etc. 
  i do n't remember too many specifics . 
  i think we did some basic imaginary numbers ? 
  finish, 
  you have a british flag , that problem sounds like you live in the states !, 
  it 's even worse in the us than it is in britain .
