  i do n't know , i felt that , compared to the actual size of the fishing industry in the uk compared to overall gdp ( very small ) , the `` fishing '' argument was used quite a lot for brexit . 
  my girlfriend 's mom voted brexit because of fishing -- she 's never fished or known a fisherman in her life . 
  washer dryers are usually shitty dryers in my experience . 
  it 's a real shame , vietnamese food does n't seem to be much of a thing at all outside london . 
  i should be able to vote next election , i hope , and depending on my local candidate i think i 'll definitely be voting for the lib dems . 
  i do n't see how i could possibly vote for any other party , to be honest . 
  i should be able to vote next election , i hope , and depending on my local candidate i think i 'll definitely be voting for the lib dems . 
  i do n't see how i could possibly vote for any other party , to be honest . 
  brighton seems the most san franciscoey , but even then it does n't have the economic engine/startup culture that sf does . 
  the uk 's a bit weird : i feel like london 's so culturally dominant that it 's hard to compare to the us , where the capital ( washington ) is n't really all that economically or culturally dominant compared to a lot of the other second cities . 
  wow , lots of columbians on askeurope today ... congaree is definitely pretty cool !, 
  there 's lots of great hiking there , including some easy boardwalks . 
  i 'm not pedantic , and you wrote it perfectly well : the meaning was clear to anyone who read it . 
  i just did n't want to miss an opportunity to make a good ol' fashioned poop joke . 
  are you saying that in portugal you also plan revolutions , have kisses , and break up relationships while pooping ? 
  # 20/month for unlimited 4g wireless internet ? 
  who are you with ? 
  in newbury there 's a shop called `` crystalz and rainbowz '' ( yes , including the z 's ) that sells new age spiritualist horseshit . 
  i 've seen ads for a `` psychic fair '' as well . 
  wait , there are definitely bears in russia . 
  the eurasian brown bear , kamchatka brown bear , east siberian brown bear , and polar bears all live within russia . 
  some of us do both !, 
  personally i 've only had it directed at me in a humorous context . 
  eg maybe we 'll be joking around at work and someone says `` bloody yankee/yank ! '' . 
  it 's all in good fun . 
  i do n't think i 've had any negative experiences due to my nationality as an american living in the uk . 
  damn . 
  even paris sounds really low . 
  i hear there 's soft water up north ( in scotland , at least ) due to the water filtering through peat . 
  our water ( halfway between newbury and basingstoke ) comes from the chalk hills , though . 
  all those extra dissolved minerals harden the water . 
  i lived in san francisco , and we got our tap water from the hetch hetchy reservoir . 
  it was really nice . 
  very hard , though ; i keep fish so it required a bit of care when keeping some tropical fish . 
  i have the same issue where i live in the uk , though . 
  yep , i live in northern hampshire and i drink the tap water regularly . 
  i have a britta filter but i do n't really use it ; tbh , i just use it for the jug as i like to have water in the fridge . 
  you can with a shitload of money . 
  look up investment visas . 
   bob 's knob i do n't even want to know how this cheese gets made . 
  i love camping and backpacking . 
  one thing i 'll often do is take a block of manchego and some small sweet peppers . 
  i bite off the top of the pepper , shove a few bits of manchego in there , toast it on the fire , and eat . 
  it 's heavenly . 
  love it . 
  i think it 's a fallacy to choose a single cheese though : the great thing about cheese is the huge diversity of styles , textures , and flavors . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  all the negative polls right now are fake news . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  it 's more about the overall character and existing urban design of a city . 
  tallinn is lovely ; it has one of the most beautiful old towns i 've ever seen . 
  i think it completely depends on the architecture of the city . 
  i like the look of skyscrapers in modern cities like nyc , sydney , hong kong , chicago , etc. 
  but european cities tend to have such a lovely , distinctive architecture . 
  a skyscraper ruins this aesthetic . 
  mont blanc should be doable for a reasonably fit person , if op 's into that . 
  it 's a ways away from barcelona though !, 
  if op wants to do some mountaineering the pyrenees might be a better option . 
  area you a competent rock climber ? 
  catalonia 's full of great places to climb , though i 've never been . 
  note that the continental spots tend to be almost exclusively sport , so you can leave all your trad gear at home . 
  in the usa it 's very common to eat baked beans with molasses which is , essentially , syrup . 
  they 're known as boston baked beans : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boston_baked_beans, 
  they generally put a plastic baby in the cake in louisiana . 
  the person who gets it is supposed to get good luck or something . 
  is that a common tradition in france ? 
  it 's quite common in new orleans . 
  yeah i 've heard of it being done more in sweden and germany in particular ( at least according to / r/europe ) . 
  i did n't pry too much , it was too dismaying to hear . 
  this will be her first time to italy , so i 'm really looking forward to showing her some of the world-class food you guys have over there . 
  it 's also my first time to liguria so i 'm beyond excited !, 
  i 'm an american living in the uk . 
  my partner and i had definite plans to move back to the us , but we 've put those on hold after the election . 
  we are going to wait and see what happens before moving . 
  if hillary had won , we 'd definitely be planning a move . 
  not * quite * what you 're looking for , but kinda close ... 
  my girlfriend wo n't eat squid ink pasta , for some reason . 
  she refuses to try it . 
  we are going to genoa and the cinque terre in april so i want to try to feed her some blindfolded or something . 
  what blows my mind is that she refuses to try squid ink pasta , but she defends pasta with ketchup ( she 's british -- for all our american culinary sins it 's still verboten to put ketchup on pasta in the usa ) . 
  my girlfriend 's grandfather enjoys it ( he 's british ) . 
  in the uk , quite often . 
  there 's a weird hodgepodge of metric and imperial units used here . 
  confusingly , they 're even different to american units , eg a pint is 20 oz in the uk vs 16 in the us . 
  haha !, 
  it 's an old business fable . 
  a pig and a chicken are walking down the road . 
  the chicken says : `` hey pig , i was thinking we should open a restaurant ! '', 
  pig replies : `` hm , maybe , what would we call it ? '', 
  the chicken responds : `` how about ` ham-n-eggs ' ? '', 
  the pig thinks for a moment and says : `` no thanks . 
  i 'd be committed , but you 'd only be involved . '', 
  in project management terms , the americans are chickens while the europeans are pigs . 
  are you going by yourself or with friends ? 
  i did a super quick back-of-the-envelope calculation , and your 350 gives you about 17.50 per day . 
  personally , i 'd up it to at least 40 euros/day , if you can afford it . 
  one of the great things about travel is the ability to try new foods , and you should be able to treat yourself to a really fancy meal once in a while !, 
  i 'd recommend staying away from very touristy places or , even worse , mcdonalds . 
  and do n't fall into the temptation of eating the type of food you 're used to !, 
  do n't worry about the other people in this thread .
