  if you go there regularly , just look for a well rated beer bar on yelp and ask the bartender . 
  edit : i just saw your thing about odd or new beer . 
  if you get a chance and you 're ever in san francisco , drive about an hour and a half north to santa rosa and go to russian river brewing company . 
  it 's one of my favorite breweries out west . 
  the guy who owns it was inspired by belgian lambics and sour ales . 
  he has a lot of really weird -- but amazing -- beers on offer , including pliny the elder ( which is , on many beer rankings , ranked as the best beer in the world ) . 
  last time i went , they had a sour barrel-aged porter , propitiation . 
  it was delicious . 
   edit2 : the site asks if the visitor is 21 years or older . 
  do n't ask me you have to be that old to drink their stuff . 
  welcome to the usa :(, 
  carlsberg , budweiser , heineken , stella artois , jupiler ... they 're essentially the same beer . 
  i 'm hoping it 's catching on . 
  there are brewers like brewdog who are bringing that younger feeling to craft beer . 
  lagers are bottom-fermenting , rather than ales , which are top-fermenting . 
  hence the name , 
  haha !, 
  yeah , i feel about the same as you about bud light . 
  i do love duvel ... well , i love all the belgian trappist ales . 
  i hope you do n't think all american beer is like bud light !, 
  the us has a really exciting beer scene , with a lot of new craft breweries starting up and producing some awesome beers . 
  one of my favorites , russian river , brews lots of sour beers similar to flemish reds . 
  we also have a brewery called ommegang that produces some amazing-tasting belgian ales , and i think the us has taken the ipa to perfection . 
  yep , there certainly is !, 
  i think it 's a bit less pretentious than wine enthusiasm  but there are tons of styles of beer that are a lot of fun to try , and there 's lots of experimentation by putting new twists on those styles . 
  it 's exploding in the usa at the moment , actually . 
  in a few short years , the us has gone from the absolute beer dregs to producing some of the best beers in the world . 
  that 's true . 
  it 's just a shame to see people in belgium drink what is essentially budweiser ( though , being from the us , i ca n't comment ... despite the massive craft explosion and nearly universal availability of craft beer , bud light still tops our charts ) . 
  the same thing does n't necessarily hold true for the uk though , at least not in pubs . 
  i was shocked how low-alcohol most cask beers are -- less than 4 % !, 
  they 're not really more expensive than a pint of macro lager , either , and have * so * much more taste . 
  i have n't lived in the uk too long , but it does seem like there 's a big difference in the european and american beer scenes . 
  due to the newness of the craft beer movement in the states , most beer enthusiasts in the us tend to be young urbanites . 
  the opposite seems true in britain , unfortunately . 
  there 's a disappointing lack of passion for british real ales -- it seems like most younger british people are more interested in carlsberg , stella , or alcopops . 
  camra is doing a great job , but from my experience it tends to be a slightly older crowd . 
  the same seems true in belgium : the most popular beer in the country with the most diverse and exciting beer scene in europe is ... jupiler . 
  it depends where you go . 
  a few of the big cities have great indian cuisine , but otherwise you 're right , it mostly does n't compare . 
  really ? 
  i 'm a fan of what i 'm able to get here -- there are lots of indian immigrants , so the food tends to be tasty . 
  then again , i have n't been to india . 
  it certainly holds up to what i was able to get in san francisco . 
  aaah , nice . 
  i used to live in sf ... there are so many amazing taquerias in the mission . 
  that 's one thing i miss about the states ... the uk 's mexican food leaves a * lot * to be desired . 
  breaking bad is n't broadcast there . 
  have you ever had mexican food ? 
  like , real mexican food , tacos al pastor . 
  if so , the result becomes less surprising . 
  i 'm an american , but i 'm living in the south of england . 
  i can send her one from here if you 'd like . 
  oh , come on . 
  sorry europe . 
  to be fair , china may underreport defense spending . 
  even so , you 're definitely right about including nato . 
  western european militaries at the moment are built to fight as part of an integrated force : with the might of the us and france standing behind the uk , things start to look a little different . 
  having traveled in russia , the difference seems to be that they 're * always * prepared to go out , no matter the occasion . 
  women will wear heels and makeup to go to the grocery store . 
  it 's nice to look at , but honestly i 'd really rather my girlfriend not take thirty minutes to get ready when we go down the street to tesco to pick up some milk . 
  [ natural resources are n't * always * all they 're cracked up to be . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resource_curse ), 
  part of me finds vulnerabilities in algorithms hard to believe . 
  there are security researchers the world over constantly examining and trying to break these algorithms ... are the nsa and gchq really * that * good ? 
  i visited russia ; it 's quite a nice place to visit . 
  i would n't want to live there though . 
  wow , i had no idea about this ... 
  `` hey babe , i deleted your facebook account . 
  now we can communicate through encrypted documents transferred via sftp over tor . 
  i booked a flight to sweden so we do n't have to set up a server here in the uk , y' know , five eyes n ' that , obviously i have the baremetal box here , ca n't trust anyone else with the hardware ... what 's that , sleep on the couch ? 
  but i saved us from the nsa ! '', 
  i can see this going over well . 
  did you read his comment ? 
  he 's joking . 
  so no , not for real . 
  how ironic !, 
  that 's true , an article on / r/worldnews is definitely a fully random sample . 
  they * bought * skype . 
  just like they bought nokia . 
  they did n't `` rob '' them -- robbery is a very specific action that has nothing to do with an exchange . 
  i heard they 're still going ahead with it . 
  i 'm not sure how they expected to get $ 32 million , though . 
  they 're competing against a. ), 
  subsidized phones on contracts and b. ), 
  the super-low-cost nexus 4 . 
  the real market for the ubuntu edge are hardcore tech geeks and phone enthusiasts ... unfortunately , there are n't a lot of them . 
  they definitely did well -- $ 12 million on a kickstarter/indiegogo is huge -- but 32 is excessive . 
  buying a company is robbery ? 
  uh oh ... i guess that means i robbed a train ticket earlier this morning . 
  i moved from san francisco to the uk . 
  i took a look at a mexican restaurant 's menu over here a couple of days ago . 
  it was a perversion . 
  ah well . 
  british food is really tasty ( no , really , i like it ) , so i 'm happy . 
  racists tend to be less educated , so i think most eu racists are put off by the fact that discussion does n't take place in their native language ( uk and ireland excepted , of course ) . 
  i think it 's interesting to look at nuclear power in terms of deaths/megawatt-hour . 
  nuclear ranks at the bottom of the list -- and that 's only counting the number of people * directly * dying in the fossil fuel industry , not the people negatively affected by greenhouse emissions . 
  revelation space is great ( by alistair reynolds ), 
  make / r/internationalmen then .
