  the job process in the states is pretty much exactly as you described ( also in software ) . 
  i 'm currently job-searching in the uk , and was in the running for a job in sweden , and it 's not really any different : either go through a recruiter or apply directly , do a quick phone conversation , maybe a coding test , then go in for an interview . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why his position is silly . 
  many people in kabul collaborated with al qaeda who later committed the attacks on 9/11 . 
  do you find the same sense irony when an american plane mistakenly drops a bomb on an afghan primary school ? 
   i 'm sure it was said plenty of times by the same sort of people who stick money in hats for `` the cause '' . 
  yes , which makes it no less idiotic when * you * say it . 
  the vast majority of bostonians had nothing to do with the ira . 
  the majority of my coworkers in sv were on h1bs . 
  i 'm sure the chinese exchange student who died was a big supporter of the ira . 
  what if someone claimed the ira bombings in london were `` poetic justice '' for the actions of the collaboration between the british military and ulster paramilitary groups ? 
  wow , looking at this guy 's post history , he seems * really * angry -- a good 75 % of his comments are either polemics against americans or comparing the us unfavorably with norway . 
  i wonder , if he does n't like it in the us and it * is * such a hellscape , why is he still there ? 
  would n't it make more sense to move back to norway ? 
  i 'm not one of those `` love it or leave it '' people , but if i really disliked the uk , thought british people were stupid , and thought the us was so much better , i 'd certainly move back ... 
  huh , i guess so . 
  i have n't thought about it . 
  obviously i 'd recognize 2l as well , but my instinct is to capitalize the l ( maybe to differentiate it from i ? ), 
  no , i love kvass . 
  this was definitely alcoholic soap-beer . 
  you 're in london ? 
  there 's a pub called the craft beer co ( imaginatively named ) that apparently has a lot of us craft imports . 
  i can recommend some if you 'd like ... what style of beer do you typically enjoy ? 
  since i 've been here i 've been exploring the real ale scene , so i have n't gotten much chance to revisit my old california brews , 
  budweiser budvar is ... alright . 
  better than stella , but i still think it 's not a great beer . 
  russian tourists . 
  uggghhhhh . 
  finland makes some awesome beer though . 
  i 've not tried any unfortunately but for some reason it seems like finnish breweries make some great imperial stouts . 
  if belgian beers were dexter , jupiler would be season 8 . 
  one nice thing about living on the west coast ( sf specifically , also true in portland ) : even walgreens and every little tiny shop will have at least four or five local microbrews . 
  yeah , the tyrolean region is more germanic , right ? 
  oh , nice ; i have n't heard of baladin but dfh does a killer range of ipas . 
  i 'll have to see if i can find some over here ; surely a bottle shop would sell some ? 
  i do n't really consider it much different than budweiser , honestly . 
  it 's even worse coming from a country with a brewing tradition like belgium . 
  haha , for the longest time , i thought peroni was a brand of sparkling water . 
  i have n't tried one , though . 
  actually i 've heard that italy has some pretty great microbrews these days ( in the north , at least ) ... odd , considering i 'd never associated italy with beer . 
  oddly enough , the worst beer i 've ever personally had comes from belgium ( excluding my experience in russia ) , even though i love belgian beers . 
  it was a [ leireken wild berries belgian ale ] ( http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/leireken-bio-wilde-vruchten/89250/ ) . 
  it was awful -- it tasted like cough syrup . 
  i bought it thinking it 'd taste like a kreik or framboise ; how wrong i was . 
  is budvar that bad ? 
  i had it in the czech republic a few years ago ; it was n't * great * , but it was , to me , a step above most other country 's `` cheap beers '' ( bmc in the usa , carling in the uk , stella in belgium ) . 
  i was travelling in russia a few years ago , and that experience completely redefined what i think of as `` bad beer '' . 
  if you want some truly awful beer , go to a small russian town , and buy some beer in a 2l plastic bottle , like what you 'd get coke in . 
  make sure it 's a brewery that 's somewhat local . 
  it 'll cost you about $ 3 or so ; maybe less . 
  was . 
  awful . 
  i do n't even remember the name ... something - skoe . 
  it literally tasted like dish soap . 
  i thought i was going to go blind . 
  budweiser , stella , etc. . . those are bad beers , but i can stomach them if i 'm trying to get drunk . 
  this shit , though , i thought would kill me . 
  that 's definitely fair :-), 
  i do n't think it holds a candle to carling , though, 
  we have a lot of really great beer , too !, 
  the us has exploded as a beer-producing nation ; we produce awesome stuff these days, 
  stella artois and jupiler are both brewed in belgium :-), 
  i would n't even say `` a lot '' ; i think there 's lots of cultural cross-pollination , and that 's a good thing : i certainly enjoy watching british actors on tv and in movies , and it seems like lots of british people enjoy watching american tv shows and movies . 
  i do n't think that takes away from american cultural works , though . 
  i do n't really think `` america '' took credit for gtav . 
  it 's set in the us , used american voice actors , and was distributed by an american-based multinational , so i think people ( not just americans ) * assumed * it came from the usa . 
   and things in america when you look close enough - are n't actually american . 
  take for example grand theft auto . 
  it 's actually scottish and when you view gta in that light a lighbulb goes off in your head as it 's literally holding a mirror up to american culture from a british perspective ( everyone has guns , streets getting shot up and rampant commercialism ) . 
  christian bale is welsh , watchmen was written by an englishman etc. 
  etc what ? 
  so we consume british culture -- friends is n't british , nor is breaking bad , and both are heavily enjoyed by british audiences . 
  tom hanks is american , forrest gump is american , moby dick/the scarlet letter/east of eden are american , star trek is american , star wars is american ... there are * loads * of uniquely american works of art , literature , dishes , whatever . 
  i worked with tons of canadians in sf . 
  i 've never experienced anything other than good-natured ribbing , which we return just as much . 
  op definitely ran into an asshole . 
   the us is n't so important when it comes to actual military victories during wwii ummm ... pacific theater ? 
  yep , the daily mail 's caricatures of immigrants do n't help . 
  i 'm already in the uk , actually , so there 's no point in doing a surinder singh at the moment . 
  we 're in a good spot here : lots of friends locally , near her family , etc. , so the extra expense is worth it . 
  it does n't stop me from bitching about it though , 
  yep , i was only referring to the uk , not the eu as a whole . 
  however , even under eu treaty rights , it still takes 5 years . 
  honestly , the life disruption required to move countries is n't worth it right now . 
  i 'm a software engineer so i 'd be fine , but she 's a teacher , so there 's quite a bit of bureaucracy to cut through before she gets a job ; not to mention the professional standing she 'd lose by not being employed in a uk school for a while . 
  it 's much easier to pay the fees and grumble ( and , in her case , lobby our mp for immigrant rights )  edit : also , as a clarification , i 'm not automatically entitled to work in another eu country . 
  she 's entitled to move there , and i 'm entitled to join her * after she 's already moved * , but she has to establish herself there first . 
  yep , the us visa system is the worst :( . 
  there 's some talk about expanding skilled worker visas and reforming the ( awful ) h1b system ; i hope that goes through . 
  for family migrants , however , the us is definitely more generous than the uk ( though it takes a lot longer due to bureaucracy ) . 
  she 'd be eligible for citizenship in 3 , a permanent green card in 2 , and there 's not any restrictions as far as benefits , etc. 
  while she 's on a temporary green card . 
  where did you move from ? 
  ah , yeah , definitely . 
  unfortunately ukrainian and russian culture are quite backwards on lgbt issues :(, 
  people in the states are much much more likely to talk to people than scandanavians , but it does vary regionally quite a bit . 
  not anymore !, 
  thanks , unitary executive theory . 
  ( this is an extremely complex topic , but they need to approve formal war declarations ...
