  ... no mention of beer ? 
  well , yeah , that 's why anyone celebrates anything . 
  i celebrate christmas not because i 'm exultant in the glory of the coming of the messiah , it 's because presents are fun and food is good . 
  i hate it when people enjoy themselves too !, 
  maybe we should buy a cabin in the woods and live in it together . 
  we could spend the rest of our lives angry at the other person for using our stuff . 
  sounds like paradise !, 
  really ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  most americans would know at least the basic backstory of halloween , in my experience . 
  i know ; it 's obvious that the religious violence between factions of immigrants can not be compared to the bygone era of religious wars in europe . 
  i was n't trying to make a serious point , just a joke ( that apparently / r/europe did n't appreciate !, 
  yes , because thank goodness europe does n't have a history of violence over religious differences !, 
  open it in incognito . 
  also , smalltalk is n't always `` small '' . 
  `` are you doing anything fun over the weekend ? '', 
  should be read as `` i like you and would enjoy hearing about your interests '' . 
  i do n't remember !, 
  out of curiosity , why do you ask ? 
  i 'll look at the old sets to see if i can find the pirate ship that i had . 
  for me , it was the pirate sets . 
  i * loved * the pirate sets . 
  one of my greatest presents ever was a big pirate ship . 
  it 's not that different to life in england at least . 
   they last 10-15 years and then they get scrapped , during which they lose value . 
  do you have a source on this or are you parroting the `` us builds houses out of wood lel '' meme ? 
  it 's generally rare ( well , not so much post-2008 ) for houses to * decrease * in value in the us . 
  obviously it was just a misunderstanding . 
  i 'm sure these men were just seeking a cross-cultural dialogue . 
  `` only a blind man could enjoy a spanish wine ! '', 
   thank you for explaining how europe drinks to me . 
  been only living here all my life . 
  thank you for explaining how america drinks to us poor dumb immature americans !, 
  i 've only lived there the majority of my life . 
  gun laws in some european jurisdictions are significantly more liberal than in some us states . 
  have you been to / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  the hype around jeremy corbyn makes american redditors look like cold-hearted pragmatists . 
  the journey started with 6 migrants . 
  * sigh * . 
  every time a story about tax comes up , i really , really wish there would be a giant stickied banner at the top of the page that says , in huge red letters , `` corporation tax is paid on profits , * not * revenues . 
  any discussion of revenues and corporation tax is * utterly meaningless * without proper context '' . 
  overall , there is more tax paid to hmrc from the amount they pay out as bonuses ( taxed between 40-45 % ) than if they bank it as profit ( corp tax is 9 % ) . 
  what ? 
  i do n't support the death penalty at all . 
  i just get irritated when people act like the us is the only first-world country that still executes . 
  out of curiosity , do you consider japan , singapore , or south korea first-world countries ? 
  there are shit tons of negotiating documents online . 
  it 's actually one of the most open free trade deals in history . 
  ... no you do n't . 
  as a non-eu immigrant , that 's the kind of thought that makes me wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat . 
  haha !, 
  and they say americans get butthurt at a little joke ... 
  i use both . 
  i take public transportation to work , but my girlfriend drives me around on the weekend . 
  though public transit is good , where we live it can be annoying or time-consuming to get to non-mainline stations . 
  also , i like to go climbing , and the best spots are usually necessarily not well-served by public transit . 
  can someone contact europol ? 
  we need to put out a missing person 's report for this guy 's chin . 
  .50 caliber rifles are legal in the uk . 
  not just fictional . 
  he thinks climate change is a deliberate lie spread by the chinese government to depress american manufacturing . 
  does n't matter much . 
  if he does n't win oh , he 's boned . 
  they know how to do more with less . 
  never forget willzyx . 
  it 's possible in the uk but things close early on a sunday . 
  it really annoys me , even after 3 years here . 
  i had a routine in the us : saturday was for going out or doing stuff with friends , then sunday i 'd recover and do my shopping for the week in the evening . 
  except no , all the shops shut at 4 , so i end up eating a reheated pasty . 
  the hours some shops keep here are ridiculous , too . 
  i like to support local shops . 
  there 's a butcher in my village that i 'd love to patronize but they 're open 9:30 -5 . 
  i work full time , there 's no way i can make those hours . 
  their weekend hours are weird too , something like 10-12 on saturday . 
  i think you can fill in a federal absentee ballot ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  depends on your state . 
  the deadline for * registering * to vote has passed ( though i think there are still options ) , but you can send a ballot in anytime up until nov 8 in my state ( california ) -- they 'll even count ballots received after nov 8 as long as they 're postmarked before and it 's not yet nov 14 . 
  i sent my ballot in to vote for hillary . 
  as i said above , i 'm in ca so my vote wo n't matter for shit . 
  but i think it 's important , this election , that trump loses by a large majority . 
  i think a message needs to be sent that shows that kind of campaigning is unacceptable . 
  we had the brexit vote here that fell victim to ignorant nationalism ; i want to try to do what i can to stop another insane decision . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/76/croatian-soldier.png i found a picture of a croatian soldier training with a member of the minnesota national guard . 
  have you seen the sierra nevada ? 
  they 're pretty impressive . 
  like what specifically ? 
  agreed . 
  i moved here a few years ago and discovered black pudding . 
  i love it . 
  in fact , when i get a breakfast , i 'll tend to substitute the bacon for black pudding ( because i prefer streaky bacon ... bring on the downvotes , i love pork belly , what can i say ? ) . 
  i feel like you have to get it from a decent place , though : if you get it from somewhere like a harvester it tends to dry out and get a bit gross . 
  have you tried boudin noir ? 
  it 's the french equivalent . 
  it 's really nice ; in my experience , it 's like a more oniony black pudding . 
  i hope they 've at * least * asked the uav about its preferred pronouns ... 
  it 's a famous national park in california . 
  you 've probably seen it in films ; it 's one of the hottest areas on earth , primarily low-lying desert salt flats . 
  it 's a pretty common belief in islam . 
  english is also the de facto standard language in aviation .
