  no ignorance there . 
  the mexican food cooked in the uk is utterly rank . 
  i hope you 're not judging it based on your experience here . 
  yes , the british are literally the only culture in history to figure out how to apply heat to beef . 
  http://img.memegenerator.io/meme/150703/tmtqkj.jpg only the british would think a lump of gravy soaked eggy bread is a culinary achievement . 
  i 've had the before and while they 're nice with a roast hearing the british go on about them like they 're wag you beef is hilarious . 
  no , nothing like british food . 
  he said it seems like a good idea at the time . 
  [ i was thinking this might be more appropriate . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w25_jgiy51i ), 
  because that 's related . 
   the main thing where civil union and marriage are different is the right to adopt children . 
  but i 'm kind of conflicted thinking about it , i can understand the arguments of both sides and still do n't know what to think ... why would n't you want gay people to adopt a child ? 
  every study i 've seen on the matter shows that gay parents are just as good as straight parents . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/santa_muerte ) pretty bizarre stuff . 
  currency risk exists when you have a foreign currency as an asset . 
  let 's say you buy an index-tracking etf , such as [ this one from ishares ] ( https://www.ishares.com/us/products/239736/ishares-europe-etf ) . 
  you 're holding a peice of the european stock market -- your asset is not held in us dollars , the price simply happens to be * listed * in dollars . 
  if the value of the dollar plummets but the value of the underlying asset remains the same , the price will adjust accordingly . 
  the risk exists * after * the asset is sold * before * you transfer it into your native currency , though ( or when you 're transferring money to buy an asset ) . 
  snowden is in moscow . 
  keep in mind , if it 's an index tracker currency risk is n't that much of a problem . 
  the currency is how that value is shown , but you own the underlying asset . 
  there would be currency risk during the lag between selling your shares and converting between usd and eur but you can keep that acceptably short . 
  muh anti-british circlejerk :'(, 
  # 385 mortgage ?!, 
  not bad . 
  mind if i ask what general area ? 
  are you a vegetarian ? 
  a texan vegetarian ? 
  obviously not true , he was in the uk for two whole * weeks * . 
  yes , actual cases that they 'll lose . 
  people bring forth frivolous lawsuits all the time ; does that mean the court system should be abolished ? 
  if it were n't for us americans , you 'd be speaking ger -- ... oh wait . 
  i do n't speak polish so i 'm relying on google translate , but google translates this sentence :  pieni\u0105dze za f16 zapisano w bud\u017cecie ponad ustawowym 1,95 procent pkb przeznaczanym na finansowanie armii . 
  as  the money for the f16 recorded in the budget over the statutory 1.95 percent of gdp allocated for the financing of the army . 
  this indicates to me that it was included in the defense budget . 
  i could definitely be misreading something though . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  not that i doubt you , but i 've seen someone say that and brought it up during a discussion with a friend . 
  when i went to fact-check it later , i could n't find too much about it . 
  i 'm sure out of 66 million people at least one person does something like that . 
  of course not everyone is , but it 's a clear violation of a cultural norm to do so . 
  also i 'm not fully convinced the people he saw were american : often , when someone sees a tourist doing something `` uncultured '' there 's an automatic assumption that the tourist is american . 
  there are some cultures where icing wine is common , but it 's very strange in the us . 
  i 'm sure some french people put ice in wine as well . 
  however , saying `` french people put ice in wine '' because jacques the sheep farmer in corsica plops an ice cube in his chardonnay would be ridiculous . 
  we really do n't !, 
  at least , i 've never seen it in my lifetime ( living in south carolina , philadelphia , and san francisco ) . 
  of course , sf is in napa 's backyard so a respect for wine is pretty common , but sc is about as backwards as you can get . 
  anyone putting ice in wine would be a. ), 
  made fun of and b. ), 
  thought to be very gauche . 
  it might happen in isolated cases , but i 'm telling you for sure , i 've never seen it . 
  you probably only saw a few bad eggs doing it . 
   have you seen russian parents taking their children to blow stuff up ? 
  when was the last time than a russian teenager got to school and started shooting people ? 
  russia has a significantly higher murder rate than the usa -- 3x higher , in fact . 
   that 's a good attitude to have . 
  i will never understand american openness about how much they earn . 
  i really hope you do n't believe this !, 
  it 's not considered polite to discuss salary in the usa , regardless of what hollywood might teach you . 
  if you went to the us and kept talking about how much you earn people will not get along with you :-), 
  americans do n't put ice in wine except perhaps sangria . 
  i have never seen ice used in anything else . 
  until barley goes extinct . 
  i feel sexually harassed by this joke . 
  admins please make this a safe space !, 
  correct , full marks . 
  this matura seems pretty easy !, 
  it 's done all the time in london/nyc !, 
  i should 've known i would n't get away with that kind of shit in flanders . 
  i 'll try it in down south next time . 
  only one possibility : * sorcery !!!, 
   american mentality changed little from 1600s definitely . 
  i always remember to skype my parents back home and ask how the weekly witch-burning went . 
  ( in all seriousness , if you think the us is `` very prudish '' and has n't changed much since the 1600s , you 1 . are very historically ignorant , and 2 . need to step outside your western european bubble ), 
  i do n't know if it 's a law . 
  i did n't get fined , just told off . 
  it worked -- i wait for the signal now when i 'm in belgium :-), 
  the only time i 've been told off for jaywalking is in belgium . 
  ah , ok , so it 's just because it makes you feel bad ? 
  well , your emotions are your own , i guess , so they 're neither objectively right or wrong . 
  most people tend to have a bit more of a worldly outlook on life and are trying to learn what will be most effective for them . 
  anyway , there will always be dialects of english that you may not enjoy as much as others , but it certainly seems like you 're getting upset over something that really is n't such a big problem . 
  i 've never heard of a missing ` u ' here and there irritating someone so much , but i guess there are all kinds . 
  you specifically mentioned the expansion of american english rather than british english to other countries as a debasement ... how in the world does that work ? 
  china has no history of english-speaking , why does it matter which dialect they choose ? 
  the americanization ( should n't it be americanisation ? 
  it 's already started ! ), 
  of british english is a separate issue . 
   or just deny everything , do n't get in trouble with superiors , do n't get fired . 
  if he did end up telling vice , i think getting fired would be the least of his worries . 
  out of how much ? 
  if 5 , congratulations !, 
  if 10 ... well , it 's something at least !, 
  what are some examples of maori words used in common speech ? 
  i heard an interview with rose mciver where she said the same thing , but she did n't give specific examples ( except place names ) . 
  us and uk alone are 382 million . 
   and often , the version of english which is becoming dominant is not even british english , but american english , which seems , to me , and to a lot of other people , in some ways almost like a debasement .
