huh ? 
  what exactly are romanians blaming gypsies for ? 
  true enough . 
  as far as your sister is concerned , your parents might want to file a complaint with the school . 
  worst thing you could do about a teacher like that is be passive . 
  we 've had a religion class from 1st to 8th grade here in romania . 
  went through a few teachers , none of them have ever tried to seed hatred in the minds of the kids . 
  i hated the class because we 'd usually just end up writing about biblical fairy tales in our notebooks for 50 minutes - on second thought , should 've just had an extra literature class every week . 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
   so is slovak to slovene , austrian to australian , roman to romanian etc. 
  and the last one is no coincidence and they do n't seem to complain that much about these lexical proximities . 
  did you ever heard any romans ( inhabitants of rome ) kvetching that the word `` romanian '' is derived from the name of their city ? 
  i do n't understand this `` woe is me '' self-victimization mentality . 
  australians/austrians are actually mistook for one another quite often by less educated people , same goes for slovak/slovene . 
  there lies the problem with this naming of gypsies as romani . 
  now whenever gypsies steal/lie/con people and the deed is in the media , lesser educated people automatically think about romanians . 
  and please , do n't tell me this is n't the case , ask the average italian/french what he thinks of romanians . 
  you see , as opposed to gypsies being mistaken for romanians , being mistaken for an australian as an austrian leads to nothing but probably a funny blunder . 
   what was romania 's `` ethnicity agenda '' ? 
  romania was treating gypsies as per usual . 
  no free handouts , no free land , no free university scholarships . 
  they were slowly forcing them to obey civic rules and adapt to our society . 
  removing slumps , putting begging children in orphanages , etc. 
   source ? 
  ca n't really find any article that old atm , will keep searching . 
  well , as you 've prolly noticed , roma/romani is pretty close to romanian . 
  at the same time in the mid 90s romania was almost blackmailed into changing it 's ethnicity agenda by eu/un ( this was a major issue in us being accepted in both ) - there are a lot of small things here , but the most important is just forcing the romanian state to give land to the gypsies , who 've otherwise built their towns on public land . 
  other issues are forcing the romanian government to recognize the french gypsies as having romanian origin/citizenship , giving them government assist and other undeserved rights . 
  ( free spots in universities etc ), 
  they 're not cherry picked ... it 's basically the 2 referenced in wikipedia ... 
  elena marushiakova http://www.coe.int/t/dg4/cultureheritage/culture/romastudies/elena_cv_eu.pdf illona klimova-alexander http://roma.fsv.cuni.cz/lecturers.html please note affiliations of previous mentioned authors . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people  although roma is used as a designation for the branch of the romani people with historic concentrations in eastern europe and the balkans , it is increasingly encountered during recent decades [ 23 ] [ 24 ] as a generic term for the romani people as a whole . 
  [ 25 ] ^ p. 52 in elena marushiakova and vesselin popov 's `` historical and ethnographic background ; gypsies , roma , sinti '' in will guy [ ed . ], 
  between past and future : the roma of central and eastern europe [ with a foreword by dr. ian hancock ] , 2001 , uk : university of hertfordshire press . 
  ^ p. 13 in illona klimova-alexander 's the romani voice in world politics : the united nations and non-state actors ( 2005 , burlington , vt. : ashgate . 
  ( in french ) . 
  retrieved 2008-07-31 . http://www.theyliewedie.org/ressources/biblio/fr/rothea_xavier_-_les_roms.html at the bottom of this link , there 's a list of notes , please see the names of the writings about gypsies prior to 2001 . 
  but that 's what they were called before they took on the name rroma , and that 's what they call themselves . 
  please enlighten me with the racist connotation of the term gypsy . 
  [ edit ] in fact , in romania romanians/gypsies often call themselves by their ethnicity . 
  so if my grandfather is calling out to a gypsy he 'd say : `` hey gypsy , etc '' and if a gypsy would call to my grandfather he 'd say : `` hey romanian , etc '' . 
  have never seen hard feelings coming out form this . 
  hell , they take pride in being gypsies , not `` rromas '' . 
   you literally fear the unfamiliar . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  considering i know/understand their culture way more than you . 
  i 've lived close to a gypsy slump in bals , romania . 
  went on to be in a highschool where my class was half gypsy in liceul metalurgic , slatina , romania . 
  oh dude , i 'm way too familiar with gypsies . 
  your posts are starting to feel more and more zealotish and unfounded in anything but pure speculation and anti-anti bullshit that reddit 's so full about . 
  everything works in stages . 
  france giving them money to return to romania was an attempt made a few years ago , obviously without much success . 
  the `` friendliness '' of the french today is just the next step in fixing their gypsy problem . 
  this is what you fear ? 
  that because of my views i 'm just going to commit racist acts against gypsies ? 
  far from it , i do not condone any abuse against gypsies in any way under any circumstance . 
  that does n't mean i do n't expect them to be lawfull citizens of the country . 
  it also does n't mean i ca n't express my valid opinion without the risk of being it discarded as `` xenophobic '' on some forum . 
   makes you wonder how the roma survived all the centuries before the evil political correct liberals protected them . 
  they were pretty marginalized . 
  and even then they had a bad reputation for stealing/cheating and conning . 
  it 's only recently that they 've had a population boom , and thus become a huge problem for everybody . 
  apparently their life style does n't go well when they need to interact with others . 
  who would 've thought . 
   yeah , you need to stop being xenophobic asshats . 
  yes , call people who are honest about their views xenophobic . 
  because you would n't be alert when passing gypsies on the street . 
  right ? 
  another hilarious example : france giving gypsies nice money if they `` return '' to romania . 
  good going there . 
  quite the contrary , because this is an ethnicity related problem , people steer away from going to the root of the problem and fixing it there . 
  instead , they 're so worried with being seen as politically correct & tolerant , they 'll enable this deviant behavior in various ways . 
  ( not reporting small theft in work places , not holding them accountable for minor abuses , legislature that allows them to live in such style ) . 
  no one comes out and says : hey . 
  you know , there 's a problem generated by your way of being . 
  you need to change . 
  no ones want 's to say that and be seen in a racist fashion . 
  everyone says we need to fix this `` bi-laterally '' , `` bi '' ... as in everyone needs to change because gypsies refuse to adapt to the normal set of moral rules and legislation . 
  living among them i can tell you surely their entire culture is based on taking advantage of other people . 
  let 's take a simple case as an example . 
  gypsy tribe using children for begging purposes . 
  any other ethnicity , and the children would be taken by the child protection services . 
  not so for gypsies . 
  why ? 
  people trying too hard to integrate are the ones that created this problem in the first place . 
  oh really , and you 're one of them lucky people who 've had good experience with gypsies ? 
  please do share . 
  let the world know how wonderfull , wrongly mistreated people they are . 
  this is the kind of bullshit talk that will attract upvotes from people who 've never dealt with gypsies ever . 
  as stated previously , gypsies are parasitic , it 's only natural they be discriminated against if the only way they can live is by illegal activities . 
  and let 's leave the politically correct shit behind , it 's not like there 's a small group which shines a bad light on the rest of them . 
  quite the contrary , there 's only a very small percentage of them who 'll actually be honest people . 
  romania has tried plenty to integrate them , to the point where it accepted them being called rroma ( the eu had it 's part in this charade , trying to force rroma to take a romanian identity and thus have a country where to pin them , instead of just recognizing them as an ethnicity of their own country . 
  thanks germany & france . 
  i giggle every time france whines about gypsies , knowing full well how they forced romania 's hand in the mid-90s about giving gypsies all kinds of undeserved rights ) , for little benefit though . 
  now they 're terrorizing romanians every way they can . 
  weeeeellllllll, 
  i 'm kinda tired of herta muller . 
  romanian here , can understand italian/french/spanish quite easily . 
  slavic languages are a bitch though ( even though romanian has some roots in there ) .
