  winner makes the rules , hitler lost no matter what kind of monsters they are , they can always say the other guy was worse . 
  successful companies move to helsinki because it 's cheaper to operate from there . 
  the hipsters have nothing to do with the success . 
  pretty sure the leftwing multicultural latte drinking hipsters are n't responsible for half of the countrys gdp , 
  its their human right to live in scandinavia or germany , anything else is against their human rights . 
  and it 's their human right that we must pay for it all . 
  how about no ? 
  did n't stop people spamming racist rhetoric , i wonder if you spammed it too ? 
  i hope not , would make you hypocrite in that case . 
  not with the kind of wall they have to build . 
  they got their own wall to build, 
  i already took out my wallet, 
  it 's against human rights not to live in scandinavia or germany and make everyone pay for their living . 
  well i just pointed out that the claim ` beating immigrants is far right ' is at best fallacy . 
  though it 's bit late at the moment so i might 've lost the sarcasm , if there was any . 
  it 's hard to tell with trolls and total lunatics and le meme redditors . 
   dont play daft . 
  if you hunt down foreigners for being foreigners , you belong to the right . 
  just pointing out that hating someone does n't mean you are right wing , you could be communist and still hate foreigners , especially under the current situation of sweden . 
  maybe my example was n't best but i figured you 'd catch onto it . 
  i do n't hear people saying no to japanese/chinese here , it 's just 3rd world people because they usually bring trouble and unemployment with them . 
  all the while people yelling they are racists for not accepting lenient sanctions for their actions , afaik there was couple cases of child rapes recently that ended up with probation , so yeah i can see why some people would be angry . 
  especially with all the white washing of crime in sweden , white pixelation and so on . 
  lots of fighting between religious and cultural groups in immigration centers , well atleast police had to split the groups to avoid confrontations , should those be included into far right too ? 
  or is it another white patriarchy things ? 
  i do n't think they need to do all , just those that fall under category suspicious or claim they 're below 18 years . 
  sweden fucking their old and young . 
  is there any winners here ? 
  the test is x-ray for teeth usually . 
  it takes about 2-4mins to do . 
  i had really long rant where i pointed out yazidis and women , and the fact they 're not going to come here by circumstances caused by the men that came here . 
  eu has what , 60 % of economic migrants among the refugee flow and finland had total of 3 % syrian refugees . 
  if we do not stop them at the borders we 're going to face endless ( that means unlimited ) amount of ` immigrants ' coming to eu 'till our way of life is on the level they 'd rather stay home , because we 're the shit hole you allowed us to become . 
  it 's not rocket science , it 's not complicated , but you like to pretend that it 's going to work somehow . 
  how about instead of wasting trillions ( 10 * 10 ^ 12s $ . 
  that 's same as 1 to million as million to trillion ) on a project that 's doomed to fail , we try using that money to improve the places these people came . 
  if they shit the infrastructure we build , well what point is it to help them then ? 
  should we just take the people that destroy their own home after we rebuilt it to destroy ours ? 
  it 's not nice thing to say , but someone is going to have to live with them , and going by your writings you have n't seen much of what you 'd call multikulti , not atleast what it can cause . 
  in other words ghettos . 
  situation at the moment is not handled as it should nowhere in eu . 
  i do n't have problem them coming here , but do n't tell me it 's their human right for me to pay everything they own and have . 
  you are free to help them yourself , but do n't expect everyone else to pitch more than you do . 
  you could atleast try not be hypocrite and put some extra effort by doing monthly donations and volunteering for these people instead of demanding everyone else does it . 
  edit : it turned out to be rant anyways, 
  cant have reality hitting you too hard now can we ? 
  because the external borders are not controlled at the moment ? 
  if inner borders are not controlled and neither are external . . perhaps you can do the math yourself , if not well you can always google it out . 
  schengen is possible because we share somewhat same culture and values inside eu , people from middle east , africa and south asia do not . 
  if we 're keeping borders open to them how exactly claiming that is lunacy ? 
  should every poor man and child from china to south-africa come to europe then ? 
  finland had about 3 % syrian refugees in 2015 so we 're not helping them . 
  is that why countries like saudia arabia are so great , because there 's no western influence in there , nothing but oil money and muhammed . 
  according to statistics we do n't when compared our more spiritual counterparts . 
  b-but surely if we wait 50-90 years they too can adapt our modern ways !, 
  i suppose stuff like this does n't help and the fact that disneyland has visitors from all around the world . 
  the guy had quran with him , pretty hard to justify that it was n't ideological attack . 
   weapons for self-protection . '', 
  ca n't have those little fuckers in cutting line , eh ? 
  or have someones mom reserving spot . 
  got ta protect your rights . 
  pure coincidence that he had quran with him . 
  i mean who does n't carry quran and guns with you to amusement park ? 
  best idea ever to listen to bleeding hearts, 
  even after winter war , finland did n't have these things and the war included whole nation and not just youths . 
  what we 're seeing now goes deeper , it 's intertwined to culture and people . 
  even if you remove the `` traumatized '' part from the `` poor refugee '' , there 'll be still be cases so horrid that you 'd think they took place in hell happening in europe !!!, 
  see rotherhamn and numerous other cases in england for example . 
  what i mean by it 's not a passing trend is that it 's not going to leave unless they physically remove people from sweden . 
  this is n't the sweden you can make fun of as finn why are you doing this ? 
  cant you see that it 's not a passing trend ? 
  wake me up :(, 
  the split back then was between under - and upperclass , today it 's between upper - , middle - , underclass and you can add different ideologies from different cultures and religions , and race related factors which did n't count back then . 
  so yeah i stand my ground and still proclaim that they did n't have islam in mind or did they have to deal with all that back then . 
  nor did they think native french would one day be minority in their own country . 
  i do n't think they thought they would have to deal with islam on daily basis when they were written . 
  just like our neighborhood, 
  but what if the racist reporter is black bro ? 
  like what if the black reporter said that detroit is bad place to live because of black gangs , should she/he/it / that be convicted and executed , or does she/he/it / that get freepass bro ? 
  i do n't think granting too much freedom is good thing neither . 
  see sweden and germany what happens when your own personal bias gets in the way of reporting crimes . 
  blocking news should never be left up to one group or people , all reported crime should be available to viewing for populace to ensure that no one is preventing news . 
  that 's only matter of perspective though , you do n't approve ` racist ' news , while russia does n't approve homos . 
  which is right ? 
  both ? 
  neither ? 
  what makes you right ? 
  bad things are bad things , not related to your personal bias , if someone commits a crime it should n't be swept under rug just because you view it as racist to report , should the culprit be black or pink . 
  if group commits crimes , like in rotherham , and people like you had the power , it would probably be kept secret for very long time . 
  what a fucking assholes for protecting child rapists on the bias that it 'd be racist to report , right ? 
  well i hope i shed some light on your bigoted world . 
  are n't natives minority already in london and predicted to leave altogether to < 3 % by 2050 ? 
  i wonder how long it takes for rest of the country to catch up . 
  i wonder how much lost tourism is, 
  i agree . 
  anything but getting to live in germany or scandinavia is against human rights . 
  use this [ link ] ( https://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;gl=us&amp;tbm=nws&amp;authuser=0&amp;q=northern+countries&amp;oq=northern+countries&amp;gs_l=news-cc.3..43j43i53.593.3171.0.3258.18.8.0.8.3.0.63.404.8.8.0...0.0...1ac.1.mooykkdwbro ) for article . 
  ( you can at times bypass paywall with googlenews ) brussels is to scrap rules that make the first country a refugee enters responsible for any asylum claim , revolutionising the bloc 's migration policy and shifting the burden from its southern flank to its wealthier northern members . 
  the `` first-country '' requirement is the linchpin of the eu refugee system . 
  but it has become politically toxic for eu leaders as germany and other states criticise frontier countries such as greece and italy for failing to register and shelter the 1.1 m people that have poured into europe from the middle east and north africa .
