  lol . 
  eu could offer us shit and the one thing that would unite people in leddit is that you find ways to claim it 's what we need , especially those with eu as their flag . 
  they use illegal weapons that have been smuggled and now you claim providing weapons to middle east has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  i do n't really understand why you need to have penis when you have incurable std . 
  perhaps if same insanity continues we can start proposing chopping those off aswell . 
  well if you enjoy your liberties taken go ahead , but do n't whine about it it 's not about things you care about . 
  most of them are smuggled from pre soviet states or russia . 
  you can google this out if you do n't believe me . 
  what possible benefit will this have when you can assemble automatic weapons in your garage , not to mention bombs ? 
  only ones that do suffer from this are regular law abiding citizen . 
  all is fine aslong you pay your tv license, 
  yes guns should be limited but not banned altogether because certain groups . 
  i was under impression you could kill someone with simple knife , but yes you can walk around with a sword in finland , someone might call police after you and they might question , about what you are doing with a sword , you but there 's nothing illegal in it . 
  same with axe and so on . 
  and yes knife murders are leading cause for homicides despite the fact there 's gun for every third finn in finland . 
  i do n't really get your reasoning . 
  `` lets ban this because some nutjob did something illegal '' might go banning illegal things while at it . 
  why go so round a way in order to solve problems ? 
  guns have never been problem in the hands of europeans . 
  okay , while at real world sane people can carry regular knifes . 
   that might be true , and we 'd have to look at the reasons for that as well . 
  finland has about 30 fire arms per 100 citizens so i do n't think it 's as much problem in the eu as it 's certain groups . 
  about 15 % of homicides are done by firearms from which marginal number was committed by legally obtained ( 1/15 last year so that sums it to 1 % of all murders were committed by legally obtained firearms , it can be left up to discussion whether that live could 've been saved or not if we did n't have any legal weapons , i dare say not )  i do n't think that that 's established ( because it is hard to measure ) . 
  knives are also a lot more useful than firearms , and some types of knives are already regulated . 
  you can build your own automatic firearms and ammunition in your garage with basic set . 
  the most expensive tool is drill . 
  google it out if you do n't believe me , you can make as good ammunition as they sell in stores . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  all materials are basic goods that you ca n't ban . 
  banning something that 's not real problem is n't resolving anything but creating more problems , see conscription and reserves for finland and hunting where there 's wildlife . 
  if you want to resolve something do n't go round a way , just say what or who 's the problem and focus on them instead of saying `` lets ban knifes '' , or in this case firearms because we 're not at knife stage , yet . 
  but majority of murders nevertheless are committed by knifes , instead of fire arms . 
  i simply pointed out that it would be more beneficial to ban knifes , rather than fire arms if it was to improve our way of life , because obviously it 's the items and not groups of people committing murder and violence . 
  but you 're probably already aware of that too . 
  consider banning knifes next ? 
  because we obviously should n't have guns when our leaders are pushing agenda that 's against the opinion of the majority . 
  i had to write this down 3 times and i ended up with jargon how europeans kill 0-2/100 k ~ or how 15 % of those numbers are with firearms and how miniscule is the number committed by legal weapons . . well i summed that up and now i can call out your stupidity on the whole matter . 
  you honestly think homemade explosives , smuggled chemical weapons and firearms will stop altogether once we ban weapons from eu ? 
  because this wo n't stop with high powered weapons , we 'll get new tragedy , which leads to more bans and people like you will claim `` oh obviously banning merely that did n't work '' . 
  i 'm not saying everyone should own said weapons but those that own one obviously are already under enough scrutiny as it is . 
  just because the problems we are facing now are artificially created should n't mean we should pay for it . 
  majority of murders in eu are committed by knifes , should we regulate & shorten the blade & edge so it ca n't be used as weapon ? 
  naturally that 'd by your line of thought seem to be the obvious answer to the problem . 
  how that 's sane in the first place ? 
  we already banned killing people and terrorism but oh gosh , it still happens . 
  how is this any different ? 
  you think with schengen in place they ca n't smuggle weapons to any eu country ? 
  yes , just like how our/your media portrays the current situation . 
  `` borders are just social contructs '' so now it 's border violation but when there 's tens of thousands young men coming to your country , killing your infrastructure and causing economic freefall it 's called humanitarism . 
  but when someone stays in your airspace for less than 5 minutes it 's violation of borders . 
  this could be summed as fuck everyone and everything . 
  `` fuck finland , fuck national anthem , fuck mannerheim , i wipe my ass with that sickening finnish flag '' i think it could gone to very real consequences due to the fact we 're not doing well economically and we 're keeping social welfare system up from which only about 10 % -30 % of our biggest group of immigrants are employed from after 10 years . 
  finns are quite proud , from my pov atleast , to be finnish . 
  but legal consequences or media slandering him ? 
  absolutely no . 
  you can see people in the parliament housing these people , making insane amounts of money from this so they want to keep everything negative to absolute minimun . 
  i mean , there 'd be 100 % sure a very dire consequences for whomever would make song about the reverse , say about not nationality but immigrants . 
  finland gets the children and young women, 
  and they call fn the bad guys ... 
  no examples , but if he 's in for it to ban modern , or just plain `` stupid '' art thats neither beautiful or has no other meaning but justify different aids for artist , then im all for it . 
  its shame that someone finds nazi refrence out of this too , when all it is doing is using common sense . 
  well i agree mostly with you . 
  the thing is that this is , at the moment social culture , or movement if you will . 
  something similar to modern feminism . 
  people do n't care about the idea as much they do about the group they 're in . 
  mob spirit and echo chamber keeps the whole fucking idiotism alive , but it can only work so far when we 're financially burdened and this will not end pretty for no one . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm even answering to someone over stickers . 
  for the 3rd time , all i 'm saying is that think for yourself and see the bigger picture . 
  you can criticize nazis , and you can do so for antifa , you can do so for the isis , you can do so for anyone . 
  just because someone justifies their opinions on buzzwords and on a imaginary threat does n't mean someone should stop questioning them . 
  look i 'm just saying forget the imaginary threat and just focus on what 's hand and that it 's okay to criticize people wearing ski masks and beating/destroying public property even if they 're shouting buzzwords . 
  yes you are saying that neonazis are killing people while condoning the violence antifa commits while they yell out buzzwords to justify it . 
  ww2 was 70 years ago , i think it 's safe to let it go and go criticize things and people even if they use buzzwords . 
  especially if they commit violence and justify it with buzzwords . 
  if he comes from same region , speaks same language i 'm pretty sure there 's very little room to wiggle, 
  afaik synthetic antibiotics are already a thing but more expensive ? 
  russia is having hard time because of economic sanctions though . 
  if we started to trade with russia it 'd be beneficial for both of us , but for some reason us does n't want to that happen and we all end up losing . 
  except those that buy everything of worth during economic crash . 
  why did n't they just try slip it past saying they found nothing and go scuba diving 3 months later ? 
  did n't you watch die hard or play cod ? 
  you have learnt nothing, 
  that 's somewhat discouraging ... 
  finland strong we beat communists , now we beat us, 
  indeed , best way to solve all problems regarding problems like this would be blind dating when employing people . 
  only merits would land you a job . 
  i think this eliminates other welfare aid . 
  instead of housing + money they just get 800 $ ( or w/e it ends up ) which is downgrade for those that make living out of being unemployed . 
  this is great motivator for those who would do low grade jobs though . 
  i think the eventual amount will be closer to 500-600 ~ though . 
  yes i said they want said system and that it 'd be detrimental to tolerate such system . 
  while i take it to the extreme , i do n't think it 's good idea to tolerate medieval legislation system due to failure in integration by people that are fleeing from said system . 
  and now they want said system into the countries they flee into . 
  i do n't think that 's the line of thought people in eu got at the moment . 
  i think it 's more about blaming the immigrants , who are also muslims , about the incompetence of merkel 'n' co. & their stunt with helping syrians . 
  we 'd have saved billions and people if we just went and shipped people here , instead what we 're doing right now . 
  like i wrote you are shortsighted and naive . 
  we already spend billions in aid to africa and take people to learn about simple engineering so they can help rebuilding . 
  if we take people and simply pay them welfare it 's just going to result people abusing it . 
  as can be seen in sweden ( i 'm not going to spoonfeed the numbers to you , but you really should take look at the numbers regarding employment , people with degrees among 2nd and 3rd generations ) .
