  yeah i do n't think the the prospect of having to teach arabic in schools as mandatory subject in europe is not only spinning nazis in their graves . 
  you realize that it 's not really a good sign ? 
  or would you rather live in islamic country such as iraq or pakistan rather than in europe ? 
  we 're not talking about just language here but everything it includes , culture and its people included . 
  we 'll probably forego our own culture and take theirs and claim it multiculture ... !, 
  lets ban christmas because multicultures is fun and every islamic country so far has celebrated multiculture themselves !, 
  indeed , and who cares about teaching english to them ? 
  we can always learn arabic ourselves !, 
  nah i already wrote you about being a condescending shortsighted prick and i 'm not exactly far off with that one . 
  i 've presented my argument and you can try your best to prove it false or not , it does n't really matter . 
  i do n't see this as cyber bullying as you do , maybe it 's because common sense feels like that to people out of touch , i ca n't tell . 
  well that and the touch of hostility because i have to keep explaining things twice or thrice to you , but that might be oversight from me too , but like i already wrote i do n't really care . 
  anyways , like i wrote earlier try to have lovely evening and sorry if you felt offended , like i already wrote the hostility stemmed from the fact you nitpicked to present argument on false grounds and expected to have discussion based on those nitpicked quotations . 
  yeah i already corrected you on my earlier post about the ` all ' . 
  figured you were after something else , seems like not . 
  one could argue this going both ways right now 2 . 
  true , i admit i held some level of hostility towards you because you pinpoint something i wrote and twist it , saying you are using it to further your own narrative is n't false assumption . 
  and i already corrected you on the matter . 
  i already corrected your statements how i claimed ` it was all ' , thus no longer need to correct those , unless of course you feel like i need to write same thing multiple times for you to understand , which is the vibe i 'm currently getting ( thus the hostility ) 4 . 
  what exactly borders conspiracy theory ? 
  the fact they 're traveling half the world to germany/scandinavia to work ? 
  yeah , i 'm using my magic power of common sense here . 
  anyways have lovely evening , i 'll try having one too . 
  i provided you the link to crime statistics and employment status , both which were paid by finnish government . 
  those are not assumptions , they are paid researches . 
  unless of course they do not fit your narrative , in that case they must be assumptions . 
  i already provided link to study and news that brought the literature rate in light , unless you can prove those false they 're not assumptions , unless of course you feel like it . 
  of course if assuming that the trend continues and there 's not very , very drastic change is assumption based on my personal bias then you are right . 
  but yeah , lets not use common sense and live in the said gated community which i already wrote about before even starting this bullshit with you , because it 's much easier to spout bullshit from there . 
  perhaps nitpicking what i already wrote and twisting it around will help you with your view . 
  but yeah , saying that you are condescending shortsighted prick for doing so is truly an insult and does n't help really the discussion , but then again you are a condescending shortsighted prick for nitpicking and twisting what i wrote . 
  it 's an insult but atleast i 'm not lying . 
  i already wrote it was the overwhelming majority and you go twisting what i wrote to fit your narrative . 
  i presented the facts already and now you are claiming it 's my ignorant thoughts . 
  because it all fits your shortsighted narrative . 
  yeah it 's not assumption , because they did n't bring their family here . 
  you know any reason why 'd you leave your family behind if it was under threat from legitimate source ? 
  yeah i can figure few , infact i already wrote them . 
   again assumption . 
  who 's to say they do n't want to work ? 
  that we do n't have jobs available for them and that they probably are n't ging to get one anytime soon is a completely different debate . 
  i already provided link to that . 
  and here 's [ another link ] ( https://vaestotiede.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/nepal1.jpg ) proving my claim that they 're not here to work . 
  not the majority immigrants coming right now , which are somalians & iraqis to finland . 
  b-but surely that too is assumption , you condescending shortsighted prick . 
   common sense is not an argument . 
  neither are assumptions or feelings about something . 
  again , i really do n't care that you 're against immigration , i 'm not a big fan of having a million of people entering europe unregistered and with no chance of succeeding in society . 
  but do n't say things you ca n't back up with sources or that currently cant even be proven at all . 
  yeah common sense is an argument when you look at the links i already provided . 
  it 's not like they 're rushing to scandinavia or germany after welfare , no it 's the jobs they 're after there . 
  anything but getting to work in scandinavia and germany is against their human rights , oh the humanity ca n't we all just place them here and germany so they do n't suffer in the horrid me with other islamic countries and cultures that share their values , oh humanity , we must allow them to come here . 
  after all they traveled half the world to come here to work ^ and ^ not ^ for ^ welfare . 
  and yeah , and i specifically wrote in how they 're already more responsible for more crime in paper , that our own native population of same age . 
  i do n't truly , truly care about netherlands , but i ca n't imagine the situation being too far off there either . 
  only explanation i can find is that you already have sizable immigrant population that 's registered under dutch in crimes , because as i already provided in the link the difference between the two in crimes is just too vast in finland , so unless you prove yourself to be barbaric instead of european i find it hard to believe that netherlands would have much different situation from finland if we look at native population . 
  last i checked the state of afghanistan was caused by usa , you know the war mongering country across the ocean ? 
  yeah the one that liberates countries that have no freedom but have oil . 
  so what exactly is our reason to pay for it ? 
  because germany lost ww2 and is automatically nazi unless they let millions of young men ( who are told they get handouts and said blond pussy ) are bunch of nazis ? 
  yeah we might go with that , and by we i mean you and rest of the caged community . 
  but if you say isil does n't have terrorism at all , well that 's great . 
  why exactly is iraqi government even fighting them then ? 
  that 's crazy !, 
  yeah i ca n't see any problems with bringing isil into europe then . 
  good you pointed it out that they 're perfectly safe to bring to eu . 
  it took me literally less than 5s to google [ operational area for isis in iraq ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2flcao6.png ) . 
  as i pointed out , ` southern iraq ' . 
  yeah i do n't know about afganistan , it 's been festering pile of islam for decades now , but i 'd rather not take immigrants from there , because only thing we manage to do now with uncontrolled borders is to take the very worst , or people we do n't know . 
  ultimately they 're coming or running from same things : societies ran by islamic laws & culture . 
  but surely that has nothing to do with islam . 
  but surely you ca n't say being naive and expect the very best and not the extremists come to europe in large quantities is worth it all ? 
  i mean , what can we lose ? 
  it 's not like we have functional society that was almost free of crime when compared to me or africa , or even usa previously , noo , not at all . 
  it 's not like germany is investing 50 * 10 ^ 9 ( 50,000,000,000 $ ) this year alone on a project that according to previous experiments will fail catastrophically , noo not at all . 
  it 's not like that money could 've been used to something else . 
  not like that manpower and resources could 've been used to permanently to better the world . 
  this is much more clever and intelligent to invest in yeah , seems like my line of thought and information are pretty warped , sorry lets just keep our external borders open to eu 'till you are satisfied my friend in the caged community . 
  lets keep them open 'till you personally , and the people like you are too affected by the wonders of the world outside . 
  yeah , because figuring out media narrative might be largely dishonest , if not outright taking shit at our face lately on the matter on immigration , or refugees as they like to put it , is hard . 
  first claiming we 're getting skilled workers , which in later date turns into `` barely qualified to clean after you '' is something which infuriates probably just not me . 
  or how immigration has no impact on crime despite the fact they are involved in rapes and violent crimes 15-17 [ ^ link ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/maahanmuuttajien_korkeaan_raiskaustilastoon_ei_loydy_yhta_patevaa_syyta/7877771 ) times more when compared to native population in finland . 
  not to mention the whole mess about how islam is just like western world . 
  well why is that they 're running from said places ? 
  afganistan , southern iraq , iran etc etc etc are safe . 
  they 're after what i already wrote , handouts and blond pussy which are merchandised as something they 'll get . 
  that or they 're escaping islamic laws & culture , which of course we 're told has nothing to do with islam . 
  fucking hell the 30 000 ~ immigrants we received to 18-25 age group last year are already responsible for more crime than our native population of same age group on paper . 
  how fucking crazy is that ? 
  and then they have the audacity to claim that it 's not going to increase crime , well perhaps it did n't because we used to have very small amount of immigrants earlier and they still committed almost twenty times as much certain crimes per capita . 
  and that 's when we had resources to `` successfully integrate '' them . 
  and sugar on top , less than 20 % are employed from biggest groups in finlands immigrans so we can expect that the native population , alongside their children if not their childrens children will keep paying for the insanity the left tells us to do today , probably tomorrow , if not 'till end of times because it 's not so hard to do so inside their caged communities , because it 's not going to affect them . 
  probably longer because automation will happen during our generation , it 's already feasible only thing we 're waiting is for it to spread . 
  but after all it 's our responsibility to cater the needs of people that are largely detrimental to our societies or democracy , as polled out by pew multiple times . 
  so yeah , i 'm pissed and angry . 
  people that practice mental gymnastics to justify all of this are shortsighted idiots that are suffering from either total fucking lunacy or [ escalation of commitment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/escalation_of_commitment ) , probably both . 
  what if everyone coming here is surgeon/engineer and there 's not overwhelming majority of young males looking for handouts and blond pussy ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  to be honest , each day goes with shitty news , shitty political stances that claim to be impotent to solve the problem , which we can assume does n't even exists because we keep getting bombed with news how good this all is . 
  fuck it all .
