  your source has numbers for 720 , while the total number is over 33,000 now . 
  outdated perhaps ? 
  perhaps before claiming bogus you could try research harder . 
  that could be the case , nevertheless finn govt already announced that 2/3 were economic migrants , so we 're wasting resources on people coming here for welfare . 
  i suspect it might be worse in germany , so the actual chances for refugees that truly need the help to receive it from us when we 're cutting from aid are getting slimmer each day . 
  the great leader is much beloved in great finland . 
  not a single asylum seeker should be accepted , if they traveled here . 
  every single one should be picked among people that spend atleast one year in refugee camp . 
  and even then it should be under scrutiny , so we do n't have tragedies like one in germany during new years eve , or like the recent terrorist attack in france . 
  what we 're doing now will backfire immensely in the future . 
  doing it as we have , will only destroy real refugees chances of getting help . 
  we have yet to receive germoney , and barring trades with russia is kinda heavy blow for bad economy such as ours . 
  i 'm pretty sure * lots * of germans would disagree with you before they lost the war . 
  i wonder what happens when we have to keep bailing out countries in eu and we start enforcing laws and customs , or have another depression, 
  because for some reason giving probation for child rapist is something that spreads on the internet . 
  somehow i doubt you follow chinese media , let alone can name more than what google finds for you . 
  people are paying thousands of dollars weekly to get their chinese novels translated by more or less amateurs . 
  here 's one site that gathers easily thousands for translations each week http://www.wuxiaworld.com/ . 
  so saying you 'd be willing to read some social media gibberish thru google translate is not even trying to lie at this point . 
  saying sweden is n't notorious at this point for inflicting injuries on itself is plain fallacy . 
  3rd reich was supposed to last thousand years . . we 'll see what happens with eu, 
  oh you can read chinese then ? 
  somehow i think that 's far fetched that you 'd know chinese or that they 'd know about it . 
  it was n't exactly first page news in finland either , and if you asked random people about it they probably would n't know or remember it . 
  but your immigration situation on the other hand has made international news more than once . 
  i do n't think china knows about it . 
  i think it might be something else they mean . 
  you sidestep what i meant , or you did n't understand it . 
  what i wrote earlier was that finland accepts to take 2400 ~ refugees , no more and we end up with over 30k . 
  we ca n't act on this because of the pressure that was given by eu/germany at the time , that 's not democratic if we voted for number that was less than one tenth . 
  and sure i may have been not precise enough what i meant with 20 years , i simply meant that with unemployment in the rise and depression in the horizon people will easily start scapegoating the reasons for it . 
  you think gulags or natsoc happened because majority were for it , or because there was enough dissatisfaction in general populace and population did n't care aslong the problem got fixed ? 
  the truth is that we 're going to face biggest depression in the past 100 years during our generation . 
  nevertheless does n't change the facts that what we voted for is different what we 're doing or getting and the reason we 're not allowed to act on say immigration crisis is because of eu/germany . 
  if you vote for another thing and something else happens that 's not democracy . 
  especially when another country pressures you to act as they wish . 
  i merely exaggerated for you to see your point , though i 'm fairly sure that should current demographic situation continue then the constitutions wont matter in another 20 years . 
  so if majority wanted full natsoc uprising you would n't have problem with that ? 
  it 's democracy after all : ) if majority says it 's okay for another country pay for all of this and take the refugees , they should just take them , because that 's democracy ? 
  sure , but what has so far happened is n't democracy , the votes and numbers have been skewed by incompetence or ill will . 
  the whole movement for lets say immigration crisis so far has been kept alive by milking child pictures when there 's about 2-8 % children from the flow , and about 75-90 % adult male . 
  i 'm not exaggerating , and you can find out this by simply googling it . 
  i think the country you are looking for is russia hey hey , little sarcasm ? 
  how you see germany as pro-russia state ? 
  i mean can you back that with something ? 
  and regarding the refugee flow vote i ca n't remember whether it was to allow free travel for refugees inside eu or not and should it been barred with the vote then we would n't have these problems , but atleast hungary 's attempt to dwarf the flow was met with pointing fingers from eu/germany and from merkel ( as i remember it ) so yeah , they might have done anything too drastic because there simply was no need for it . 
  but anyways those two were just from top of my head anyways . 
  i did already write for you , that somewhat of a puppet . 
  not wholly or puppet , they maneuver what they want the rest of the countries to do for their own benefit or needs . 
  that 's not democracy anymore , eg . 
  the vote for refugees was for finland to take 2,400 ~ . 
  i think we already exceeded 33,000 or so . 
  over ten times the numbers that was put on paper , but due to eu/germany we ca n't really help our situation . 
  the same could be said to other countries too . 
  then there 's the trade block with russia . 
  those two are on top of my head . 
  you could try justifying your line of though with solid reasoning but the whole `` da joos '' you spout at immediate instant you meet some refusal to accept your point of view , in attempt to ridicule others , makes you look like total clown , and i 'm sure i 'm not the first one to have said this for you . 
  he exaggerated as result so did i. 
  though purely from my perspective saying that germany/eu is strong arming smaller countries in eu to do what they want is n't exaggerated at the moment . 
  i brought it up that rest of europe is * somewhat * puppet for the whims of eu/germany , not that we 're in totalitarianism yet , like i already wrote . 
  you wrote  who puppets the puppeteer ? 
  the jews of course . 
  the defeat of po has been a major blow for mossad , the first strike against the jewluminati that controls every minute aspect of european life . 
  and i reply with  please , exacerbating helps no one . 
  it 's not exactly secret that eu , or rather will of germany is imposed to smaller countries . 
  it 's not really rocket science , but if you wish totalitarianism before admitting that you might be wrong , then we ca n't blame anything but your ego for it . 
  please do n't derail the discussion further , it 's fruitless . 
  please , exacerbating helps no one . 
  it 's not exactly secret that eu , or rather will of germany is imposed to smaller countries . 
  you only accomplish making yourself look stupid by exaggerating on idiotic things because i brought the possibility that you might be wrong . 
  last i checked rest of europe was somewhat of a puppet for germany . 
  kinda onesided discussion , sure they crossed turkish borders for less than 30s and got killed for it . 
  you can find out who 's killing and who they are killing if you are concerned about guns , rather than people or groups . 
  and lastly you should focus on the number of people that are killed with illegal , rather than legal guns . 
  in the end mcburger probably kills more annually then firearms , numbers taken from my ass . 
  ( relevant because suicides are listed under gun related deaths ) yet i do n't see people lining in front of burger joints telling how calories kill you . 
  guns are luxury for violent people , they would commit crimes nevertheless . 
  sure the mass shootings are bitch , but today it 's really simple and easy to find out how bombs are made , not to mention you can find instructions for automatic guns from youtube so yeah ... 
  like i already mentioned , links that support your claim . 
  you make assumption i would trust you could back it with facts , not that far fetched, 
  i would have wanted examples since there 's not paper on earth that does n't do this . 
  but it 's fine , it 's just your opinion anyways . 
   garbadge journalism, 
  care to clarify a little more ? 
  do they falsify reports ? 
  banning ammunition would do little good because you can build your own ammunition and gun powder that 's good enough . 
  not exactly hard either . 
  people use guns because they 're lazy , if someone is motivated they will use bombs and automatic weapons no matter what . 
  any murder that was done on a impulse with a gun would 've been murder in most cases anyways , be it knife , axe , bat or straight out bashing if there was no firearm nearby at the moment . 
  brilliant , next we should ban bad things altogether so we can live in a world without sharp edges . 
  at least some reddit users seem to originate from world like that according to some texts . . 
  oh banning semi automatic guns that are legally obtained in the hindsight that terrorists might smuggle their own automatics is n't ? 
  i might have exaggerated but very least i did n't pretend i made any sense . 
  care to cite me what qualifies as hate-speech in germany ( i want you to find out the legal description , not what you think it means ) and the changes they made regarding it past 6 months . 
  and this is just first example . 
  well with the knowledge bestowed upon me by mechanical engineering i dare say that you can build one with instructions from youtube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogcmha9svdm&amp;index=2&amp;list=ploiypdsjcrn3juol8bsp0udyuzdxy64hu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkbz3ssvy3e https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxku9ptkn3m first search and you can google more if you like , this was just one weapon model . 
  i 'm not going to link you explosive guides , but you can try to search them yourself if you feel like it . 
  but the materials for pipe bomb are so basic that you ca n't never ever ban or control them effectively and with google age even goddamn semi moron can find the guide for making explosives . 
  of course we should ban electric drills in europe because terrorists might use them to make weapons , lol . 
  but of course its beneficial to ban guns from people that legally obtained them when it 's so hard to build and assemble guns yourself .
