  the policy essentially broke down last year , when germany waived its right to send hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers back to other eu member states , but exhorted its reluctant partners to shoulder more responsibility . 
  the european commission has concluded the rule -- which is part of the dublin regulation -- is `` outdated '' and `` unfair '' , and will be scrapped in a proposal to be unveiled in march , according to officials briefed on its contents . 
  the move could oblige some eu members such as britain to take in many more refugees , since it would become harder to send them back to neighbouring countries . 
  it could also increase the pressure on eu members to back a formal quota system and common asylum rights and procedures to spread the burden across the union . 
  european council president donald tusk on tuesday warned that the eu had `` no more than two months to get things under control '' or face `` grave consequences '' . 
  changing the rules on who is responsible for refugees when they arrive would mark a victory for italian prime minister matteo renzi , who has repeatedly argued that the law is unfair and that other member states should do more to help with the refugee crisis . 
  replacing the `` first country of entry '' principle is likely to prove technically and politically tricky . 
  countries in northern europe such as the uk are net beneficiaries from the status quo , able to transfer asylum-seekers back to other eu states quickly . 
  although the uk has an opt-out on eu migration policy , it has opted into the dublin rules for this reason . 
  in practice , the current rules have broken down . 
  last autumn , german chancellor angela merkel controversially waived the country 's right to return syrian refugees to the first country of entry , generating both praise and opprobrium from her peers -- before reversing course and triggering months of chaotic border openings and closures across europe . 
  transfers to greece have been effectively banned since 2011 after the european court of human rights declared that the country 's asylum system was unfit for purpose even before the recent influx . 
  although the dublin rules provide for intra-european deportation , in reality few of these transfers are actually carried out . 
  in 2013 , for example , only 16,000 of 76,000 requested transfers were actually completed . 
  discussions on what should succeed the current rules will not be finished until at least march , according to officials familiar with the situation . 
  potential replacements include a permanent relocation scheme , which would see asylum seekers in the eu divided among member states based on certain criteria , such as gdp and population size . 
  relying on relocation is likely to prove difficult to sell to member states , who have been reluctant to implement a much smaller scheme to share out 160,000 people across the eu . 
  so far , only 322 have been moved . 
  asylum per capita in order from highest : hungary , sweden , austria , germany , finland , norway , switzerland , liechtenstein , malta , belgium , luxembourg , denmark , bulgaria , cyprus , netherlands , italy , greece , france, 
  yeah , i think the number might even be more higher . 
  if there were actually higher number of women and children they 'd announce it . 
  it has to be minuscule for no paper to write about it . 
  i think finland has most olympic medals per capita in the world . 
  i think we should ask whether it 's working or not ? 
  what we 're doing is not . 
  sweden bantering about military might ? 
  that 's like eunuch calling someone * small * . 
  why not ? 
  is the situation so bad in your country that you ca n't demand changes for this kind of insanity ? 
  you 'd rather create slums where they speak arabic rather than admit the problem and force people to integrate at least to the level where you can communicate with them without translator . 
  then having welfare should have min requirement of being able to talk english in britain . 
  it 's insane how they 're likely provided everything for decades and they ca n't speak english , even if their lives would depend on it . 
  citizen or not . 
  finland at its finest . 
  prime minister being mocked all the way in asia , arabs and africans think we 're giving them pms castle and now our streets are filled with unemployed clowns or vigilantes . 
  finland , gentlemen , i present you the land of the future . 
  sure is like winning lottery to pay taxes in here . 
  all to support this madness . 
  just imagine you are a reddit user and also you are not a complete pile of shit and then you are forced to read articles instead of just relying on headlines from poor threads . 
  sounds so fun, 
  still pretty mild when you compare it to muslim countries, 
  i recommed you to take look how gays are treated under sharia law and compare it to our way . 
  difference is that us is not taking human rights from anyone with laws that are made from christianity . 
  sharia law would do so . 
  i lost count how many times you claim someone being racist now . 
  it 's annoying when you ca n't silence someone in the conversation with just the magic word huh ? 
  i think they prefer sharia because their position in the social hierarchy is in limbo . 
  they get treated like 1st class citizens by some and like lowest class by some . 
  if they 'd have sharia law , well their position would skyrocket , even without merit . 
  and they could do things they could do back in their homes too . 
  that 's my take on the matter . 
  that taken into account the approx 20-30k ~ from 33,250 refugees/immigrants we gained this year for 20-30y age group are already responsible for more rapes than our own 20-30y age group that 's 160k large in males . 
  statistically speaking that is in the future . 
   i know these folksy misreprentations of statistics are designed to appeal to the `` migrunts rapin ' muh woman '' crowd , but this is reddit and we have some standards . 
  so we just ignore the problem , how large it ever may ever be , and just claim bogus ? 
  even if they only did 1/2 of the rapes it 'd still be worrisome for developed nation . 
  there 's already solid proof of how ridiculous current swedish media & political stance is regards hiding problems in sweden so if anything we should consider whether there 's more rather than less . 
  you are free to encourage other people to think like you are , but that does n't mean there 's no problem and that people like you are n't responsible for it . 
  rather than focusing on the problem , you focus on the fact that `` it might not be true '' because you do n't like that narrative . 
  maybe you should ignore the ethnicity behind it because it happens to be trending and think like a normal human being for change . 
  or at least less like gullible animal that likes to echo what happens to be worth a lot of retweets or like buttons . 
  if not for people like you we would n't have problems like these in the first place , and we would 've simply shipped yazidis or other groups that actually are persecuted instead of whiny men that do n't like our food . 
  if anything people like you are infuriating everyone else and reason why the whole situation is fucked up . 
  you hold no actual good will in all of it , or if you happen to do so , then you do it with little or with no thought at all . 
  i truly hope you and people like you realize one day what your incapability to think has caused one day . 
  if anything recent events have led me to believe to the possibility that we did n't save the victims but rather brought their oppressors here . 
  worst thing in all of it ? 
  you do n't even admit it . 
  you know what i 'm talking about is right , but you are so deep , like gambler that is already in debt and think by investing more you will at least gain your own money back one day . 
  instead of money you gambled all your value as a human being , self worth and all credibility you ever had . 
  the fact that this is coming from sweden does not surprise me at all . 
  so now tabloids are reputable to quote, 
  i hope the comments were against the rules and not just wrong opinions ... we 'll never know kinda odd how there 's no mention how this is isolated incident . 
  though it 's pity that people feel the need to take things into their own hands . 
  i suspect we can expect a lot more news like this if the situation wont improve in the upcoming months . 
  well i 'm sure if you take look at recent events you can find some . 
  no i just brought alternative viewpoint . 
  of course countries with communist history will know that grass is n't greener on the other side of the fence and that you have to work to make your grass green . 
  well that was insightful , pretty sure if you are middle class and can keep your pay no matter where you are , then moving after smaller taxation to a country where they do n't practice insane policies , does n't sound all that bad . 
  well atleast less insane policies than what the current eu is practicing . 
  sad times we live in . 
  people are starting to see russia better alternative to eu , due to recent policies . 
  5m once families are united, 
  ed west has good point , though he 's just quoting on regards the headline . 
   interior minister for north rhine-westphalia , who said : ` what happens on right-wing platforms & chat rooms is at least as awful as the acts of those assaulting the women . 
  this is poisoning the climate of our society . ' which is pretty stupid considering that viewpoint sees writing in 4chan or similar site as bad as actual rape . 
  pretty sure if we start monitoring or regulating opinions in the internet we 're not far off from being ruled by tyranny . 
  if something that 's path for slippery slope when politicians think we should n't have wrong thoughts , whether it 's internet or not . 
  and pushing blame . 
  finland beats communists once again, 
  ok nevertheless the changes were made , so their residency will be temporary at best . 
  those who will be declined will be put into `` semi prisons , but not prisons '' to wait their departure . 
  that 's what he said , and he 's our domestic affairs minister so the numbers ca n't be far off , not with this matter without resulting in shit storm . 
  like i already wrote , the applications were frozen for time being as the reassessment happened and most likely the ones that got pass were families , most urgent cases or single women . 
  https://twitter.com/maahanmuuttovir/status/682939810235965441 and the applications were mostly frozen due to the reassessment of iraq , afganistan and somalia . 
  there was recently change to the how these immigrants are handled aswell . 
  and that was the temporary residency & how their situation is renewed each year ( or half ) depending what 's the situation in their country of origin . 
  that and how they need to earn certain amount of income and be capable of speaking finnish should they wish to bring their families here . 
  i believe it was on frontpage on this subreddit too . 
  the current acceptance is for temporary residency only and will be reviewed every 6 months or 12 months , i can not recall .
