we have no idea who these people are not all life is worth preserving , and i 'm not making comment to be edgy , we do not know who these people are . 
  instead of fixing the problem in their home , which is syria and iraq we 're bringing it here . 
  sooner or later we 'll see the repercussions for doing so . 
  what we should do , is help them where ever they are , so the people that deserve the help would n't risk their lives in the first place . 
  create safe zone in syria instead destabilize eu . 
  a man taking part in mass murders , teaching children to follow his lead ? 
  all for a god he has never seen or heard from . 
  i do n't think that 's a life worth saving . 
  if the situation ends like zimbabwe or south africa , where nevertheless the aid and help and already constructed infrastructure , it all comes down , should we still keep helping them ? 
  if it will soon be all destroyed . 
  why should we bring the destruction at our home ? 
  i was just giving credit to the people working on it, 
  i had solid laugh at this at this rate it wont be long before they 'll be in the kitchen anyways . 
  only variation will be whether they 'll wear rag that 's called burka or niqab or not in the future . 
  i do n't know if you forgot , but being sarcastic in the internet requires very often you do mention it it 's hatecrime no matter if it 's persecution by religion or racism . 
  i wonder why we are told not to be racist , when by all indication the racism is conceived by immigrants largely . 
  writing mean words in internet is n't as awful as going out and destroying lives based on if they are white or not . 
  if people react to actions and write mean things , that 's purely reaction . 
  what these people did , was not just racist , but they also persecuted these children due to their beliefs . 
  had the situation been different , had the girls been muslim , would they still done it ? 
  i believe they would have . 
  and there 's nothing really saying otherwise . 
  ultimately we already failed when people wanted multicultural society , and it 'll be matter of time before collapse . 
  you do n't need engineers to collapse a society , you just need people that do n't care about your rules , and that 's exactly what we 've brought here . 
  a whole culture that does n't care about our playbook we call law . 
  the very first indication of this is the moment they arrived here illegally . 
  i ca n't be the only one that did n't read the whole article . . 
  so long telling the obvious . 
  but hey , i do n't think this is just germany, 
  well you have to give credit to google translate , while it ca n't do well with sentences it 's pretty good program . 
  maybe 10 years from now we can read chinese to english without problems ? 
  shocker , what next ? 
  water is wet ? 
  oh , from brief glance it looked like you were saying that they already were without supervision and did n't do nothing . 
  well we 're fucked nevertheless . 
  they 'll breed at 3rd world pace while we 're already taking them in insane quantities . 
  or rather we 're giving them dual nationality at insane pace . 
  if integrating 3rd world was successful there would n't be so much shit from doing it . 
  so you base ` everything will be okay ' because they came to the land of milk and honey and behaved before they got their ticket to the land ? 
  well i wish things were going to be okay , but we both know that wont be the case . 
  arguably the ` sexual emergency , no sex for 4 months ' might not be the first , nor last case to happen . 
  not to mention summer is coming . 
  well then , obviously they 've integrated after 2008 . 
  it 's not like we get to read every day what the fuck they 've been up to . 
  it 's not like jews are fleeing france and so on, 
  but there is no censorship ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  it 's kinda sad to think that these people should be left without any supervision in future, 
  i find it hard to believe that after 200-50 years me/africa are shitholes because of colonialism , it 's no more than meme . 
  europe was ravaged to the ground 70 years ago , eastern europe got free from soviets no more than generation ago . 
  you can take look at already mentioned countries what happens when europeans leave . 
  sure colonialism was bullshit thing , but in return they got modern day agriculture and ( + medical ) science . 
  perhaps you can figure it out if you take look at facts and not rely on memes to have world view, 
  take look at current africa and tell me colonialism was the reason for their bullshit hell look south africa and what happened in recent history , or zimbabwe . 
  i like the misleading tag , obviously in past 3 years they 've integrated to society, 
  because what you are doing will destroy yourself , along with rest of eu too . 
  the bright side is that you will destroy yourself before you can do the permanent harm to others . 
  yeah , we 're told that overpopulation is a problem , suddenly we 're not breeding enough and we need to import millions of people that cant read or communicate with us and somehow that 's going to fix our problems . 
  i do n't think importing people that can barely read and write is going to fix any of the problems you mentioned . 
  having wealthier middle class will as they can provide more jobs and better income for lower class . 
  something that immensely large base for welfare recipients can not provide . 
  then again automation will kill atleast half of the jobs today so , there 's that . 
  i think that 's tied to the problem that only socialist countries suffer from influx of immigrants that bring nothing to the society , wonder why . 
  i think it 's far more likely that we end up similar situation to south-africa where there are near 50 % unemployment among south africans and 8 % and unemployment among buurs , and 3 % of overall population pays 99 % of the taxes . 
  time will tell , i suppose . 
  i 'm kinda curious what 's the situation regarding the numbers is in france . 
  if there was effective way to integrate 3rd world into west , someone would already had found it decades ago . 
  yet you make up the claim that  immigration is the solution not the problem . 
  when it already is on unsustainable level . 
  immigration from 3rd world isnt as fruitful [ and now we 're importing people from 3rd world , where barely 1 in 10 can speak english . 
  what we 'll do when these people retire ? 
  import more people that can barely speak english ? 
  not to mention 1/5 ca n't even write in arabic . 
  i dare claim that only 1 in 10 at best can write in latin alphabets too ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/tem_turvapaikanhakijoista_vain_harvalla_edes_ammatillinen_koulutus/8661385 ) though i give you that immigration between eu countries is beneficial because we share cultures and people usually move after jobs , not after welfare . 
  socialism works if you can control your borders and people coming to your country . 
  just turn off the lights, 
  what we 're witnessing today is the twilight of socialist societies . 
  immigration is merely the final nail in the coffin . 
  socialism requires that you can control your borders , and the people who you allow in . 
  has socialism worked outside homogeneous society yet ? 
  i wrote that people without children should n't be allowed to govern , which targets both merkel and people without children, 
  it 's statement made to target statesmen in general, 
  i did n't mention merkel , i mentioned people without children which in all fairness is quite valid expectation to have for a statesman . 
  a sound argument , you almost made point but then you stoop to insults . 
  pretty sure there are plenty of people making shortsighted decisions that have big effects on long term , but not on their term . 
  sure , the children might not prevent those altogether , but it would add the effect of politicians thinking ` how badly this can fuck up ' . 
  people without children should n't be allowed to govern, 
  i ca n't imagine how shitty it must feel to live there, 
  we 'll get to enjoy us junk with ttip ... 
  see zimbabwe or south africa , it 's the goddamn time to choose lesser evils instead of whining about how evil it is , they 're going to get fucked way more this way . 
  they still sell the oil and their whole region is fucking mess . 
  shifting the blame i see, 
  i suppose circumstances and severity of the crime make up to it , and of course ethnicity but this however , is nothing but local news [ i even made thread about school attack in sweden which was removed as local news ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/458of0/knife_attack_in_a_school_in_sweden/ ), 
  the media is n't helping , they 're putting out claims that islam is just as good as our western counterpart when it comes to culture and there 's nothing wrong in it . 
  i dare say that claim is debatable, 
  culprit is 15 year old boy , stabbed another pupil in school the school is for 7-9 graders , 360 pupils, 
  wow , people that ca n't leave eu by 2030 are fucked , should this insanity continue, 
  it wont be just jews leaving soon, 
  afaik this was reported by other frog sources too ? 
  i just picked rt because its english, 
  what does she know ?
