  she only lives there . 
  no , not really . 
  not with oil you ca n't , not in todays world atleast, 
  i suppose it 's matter of choosing lesser of evils you can decide whether russia or saudis and wahhabism is worse, 
  pretty sure there are more religious people though , well more zealous at least after all he 's just old man , with his personal view of the world . 
  and no man could be said to be infallible , not for billions of people at least . 
  you dont end in debt jail for that , nor can you impersonate someone for that, 
  can you provide translation ? 
  this is getting pretty insane you got someone you do n't like ? 
  just put out keylogger and post mean things under his name , better yet create account under his name . 
  just get prepaid to post or something similar and you are set . 
  this is getting pretty scary considering what 's happening surrounding the immigration . 
  is n't germany expected to receive 10m migrants by 2020 ? 
  well atleast they found way to finance it . 
  just put people in debt jail when they say they do n't like it . 
  not to mention the possibility of ways to abuse this are not in any way little . 
  well it 's matter of time before this would spread in eu , should they make this into law . 
  if i had to choose between sheepdogs , i 'd choose the one that deterred wolfs rather than the one that slept all day and barked at sheep after they were eaten, 
  `` what is the goal ? '', 
  `` it 's going to be controversial . '', 
  `` the goal is to meet the challenge of racial interbreeding '' `` the challenge of racial interbreeding that faces us in 21st century '' -- `` it 's not a choise , it 's an obligation . '', 
  `` it 's imperative . 
  we can not do otherwise . '', 
  `` we risk finding ourselves confronted with major problems . '', 
  `` we must change ; therefore we will change ! '', 
  -- `` we are going to change all at the same time . '', 
  `` in business , in administration , in education , in the political parties . '', 
  `` and we will obligate ourselves as to results . '', 
  `` if this volunteerism does not work for the republic , then the state will move to still more coercive measures . '', 
  sarkozy [ seems like they deleted all other videos and left the creepy one with conspiracy wipe on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8yain6ew_g ) . 
  that , or i 'm too lazy to find others , lol . 
  unless of course some french dude could tell whether there 's major mistranslation in there ? 
  well in the end i 'm just quoting the guy . 
  you realize he 's on video saying that ? 
  well if it 's only 10 times higher then there 's nothing to worry about, 
  considering your nation already banned ethnicity related statistics i do n't think they can be really trusted , i mean be too honest and lose your job kind of bias . 
  afaik you had problems with press & how easy you are to release personal info on people so they do n't disagree with said press . 
  so yeah , those in mind , plush how the political establishment has acted to sd voters in the past , i would n't put it past us . 
  so yeah , some are just bit more rapey according to that research , and more prone to violence , even if there 's no explanation and only difference is that they 're from outside eu . 
  well , regarding your 2nd statement , i just see the argument thrown around that ` everyone deserves better life ' , but what if there 's millions suffering for each one you save , and with the resources you use for that one , you could instead save tens of thousands , who in return would save the rest . 
  but i suppose you do n't really care as long everyone can come to sweden . 
  yeah well maybe ruin was bit harsh word for it , but seeing how there 's direct correlation between immigration , crime and unemployment , not to mention you waste resources on unprecedented scale , i ca n't really see how you can justify something like immigration from 3rd worlds sure we might help few but doom millions by helping mere handful . 
  africa has , what 1 billion population and you are n't taking favors by taking tens of thousands from there , that 's literally drop in the ocean . 
  instead the trillions you use on welfare & other expenses you could try make effort in their country of origin . 
  taking handful so you can feel good about yourself is no different from lying yourself with claim you are making world better place [ here 's video to put things into perspective ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ), 
  last i checked sd polled highest out of all your parties but what you 'd do in the current situation , would you remove people from sweden or would you allow them stay there with the rules your current govt has set ? 
  then again having your press white was crime for immigrants and calling sd racists because they did n't want immigration system that would drive your country into ruin in generation is kinda harsh, 
  so granted that your government lacks basic common sense we can expect nothing like that happening . 
  what would you want to do realistically speaking ? 
  not what you 'd like to happen , but what you think will solve the problem . 
  or is it as i already wrote , and you 'd simply let the people that created the problem in the first place to fix it , the people that punished sd voters by doubling your immigration . 
  what superb argument , so instead of voting for sd what is your answer to the problem ? 
  or do you truly expect that people who created this mess to be the ones to fix it ? 
  do they even want to do so ? 
  last i remember your old pm increased immigration to punish sd voters . 
  wait , that guy is still around ? 
  weird . 
  i suppose flooding country with hundreds of thousands of 3rd world habitats really shows competence from your current parties how many years it takes to get house in stockholm , or are we in decades now ? 
  odd how they target fn but not the government then again said government simply jails generals that opposes immigration so , makes sense . 
  things have to get pretty bad so leftists will accept reality though afaik swede vice pm started crying in news after they had to slow down immigration for a while, 
  perhaps i worded it poorly while trying to be witty by mimicking trump , though the general idea remains the same . 
  total blockade for people we do not know anything about . 
  best we can do is help people in their country of origin if there 's need for it . 
  taking practically unlimited amount of refugees will destroy eu and western values in eu in matter of couple years . 
  you may not realize but in couple years there 'll be tens of millions of immigrants coming to eu in very short time unless there are drastic changes very soon . 
  our infrastructure can not withstand that amount of people from 3rd world and we lose the ability to help even those in need among ourselves by allowing something like that happen . 
  does n't change my statement though , should we accept everyone that comes here we 're going to look very different eu in 10 years , no even couple years will be enough . 
  and the change would most definitely not be good in any moral or general standard for anyone . 
  whether i made mockery of the previous user by argumentation flaw is not relevant . 
  yes because they will come in droves once they realize we have built wall in here , naturally they will build their atlantis and usher mankind into new age , instead of staying home knowing they 're not getting here , as what happened in australia . 
  just like socks and sandals should n't be worn together , common sense and regressive leftists ideology are incompatible . 
  or very least they 're as much out of place with each other . 
  i do n't think we have to search for funding outside eu, 
  they can live in the sea if they want , as long they do n't have access to mainland . 
  having row of walls would be for the best . 
  i think we could build tens of rows of walls and it would still be cheaper to maintain and build than accept blackmail & economic migrants . 
  lets face it , bringing 3rd world people does not only come with language and food it brings their values , habits and culture . 
  when said culture and habits expand enough we 're going to be fucked . 
  england has 5 % muslim population and they 're drowning in shit already . 
  imagine that number swelling and having their culture & habits enforced by numbers and surroundings , we 're beyond fucked unless left realizes what mistake they are doing . 
  road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  would n't it be cheaper to build a wall ? 
  so what you are saying ? 
  that there 's a lot of women when statistics show there 's only 17 % ? 
  or the assumption that has no precedent that they 're fleeing war so they can unite their families later ? 
  so they flee war , leave their families behind , those children & women so they can secure safety to them ? 
  what exactly are they running from if they feel that place to be secure enough to leave their children & family behind ? 
  and so far you have not backed any of your claims , and you only offer assumptions . 
  you offer no precedent or source , but merely a assumption under which you claim my sources are wrong . 
  and now when i pointed that out you reply with `` i 'm done '', 
  well i could 've pointed recent events like http://yle.fi/uutiset/ikaarvioiden_luvut_julki__90_alaikaista_turvapaikanhakijaa_todettiin_taysi-ikaisiksi/8650891 ( 90 out of 149 tested ` minors ' are adults ) http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php of all immigrants 17 % are women and 26 % are untested minors / identifies as minor http://swedenreport.org/2015/04/14/sacrificing-1000-to-save-1/ which states :  in denmark , 3 out of 4 `` children '' arriving the first months of 2012 turned out to be adults . 
  though i chose the witty image because it looked funny . 
  whether he was 14 or 24 was past the point , which i tried to clarify . 
  the fact that we 're being marketed children and women as the refugees is dishonest at best . 
   yeah but like i said the numbers are skewed towards men because women generally immigrate later & family reunification has n't taken full effects on the stats yet . 
  what do you base that on ? 
  to what precedent or why you make that assumption ? 
  due to history ? 
  it has always been the women and children fleeing the fight , not the other way around if you base it to that . 
  all you have is ` assumption ' without precedent and you claim i 'm wrong because of that , am i right ?
