yes and if putin did n't bully/buy janukowytsch because of the eu association treaty maidan would not have happened . 
   do n't create tension with russia at their borders and everything will be smooth . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  problem is the russian administration seems to disagree with everyone else on where the borders should be . 
   the city of malm\u00f6 will now hire a security firm in order to make the school environment safer . 
  teaching staff will also be given help with security and conflict management . 
   hans nilsson also said that some students may be suspended from school , or transferred to other schools . 
  that does n't sound perfect , but it 's more than `` just closing the school '' . 
  `` dietrich73 '' wow such german username so 50s, 
  [ the true cost of the royal family explained ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw[ ), 
   then focus on the opinions themselves , argue against them . 
  that implies no one is doing that . 
  and that those opinions are worth arguing against . 
  and that the people holding them are susceptible to reason and do n't just repeat their dogma . 
   you do n't think they spend time and money to fight it ? 
  time : sometimes , if it gets public . 
  before that they protect them in many cases . 
  money : not that i know of . 
   how much money exactly has the catholic church spent on political campaigns against gay people ? 
  http://www.hrc.org/nomexposed/section/the-catholic-hierarchys-devotion-to-fighting-marriage-equality this is some campaigns in the us alone . 
  two other examples of many : they also supported campaigns to ban same-sex marriage in croatia and started a referendum in the uk , collecting signatures of students in their schools . 
  it 's unoriginal because it happens so often . 
   so you 're saying that someone ca n't have an opinion on something because an individual that belongs to their own organization did something wrong ? 
  nobody says they ca n't have an opinion . 
  scientologists can have opinions on life , creationists can have opinions on science and the catholic church can have opinions on gay people . 
  most of those opinions are fucking stupid and bigoted and deserve to be ridiculed though . 
  if the catholic church spent half as much money and time on fighting child abuse in their own organisation as they spend on fear-mongering , discrimination and political campaigns against gay people the catholic church would be the safest place for children in the world . 
  until they do i give a rat 's ass about their or their supporters precious feelings . 
  they have blood on their hands . 
  they ca n't , i agree with your point . 
  it 's however a prerequisite of establishing a contract like marriage . 
  they also could n't support partners financially and fulfill other obligations of marriage . 
  this is only possible at the level of states as far as i know and i 'm not sure if it is possible to have different marriage laws in different german states . 
  because they ca n't legally agree to it . 
   what 's the next step after gay marriage ? 
  polygamous marriages ? 
  child marriages ? 
  nah , we stopped those when religions stopped having so much power . 
  what is next ? 
  anything that can be shown to be ethically reasonable because it does n't harm . 
  i do n't see that for child , animal or poly marriages . 
  i was n't sure , but if there is an eastern past i would say it 's stronger in the new german states . 
  in my opinion the reasons are that many have some sense of nostalgia about the ddr , especially since unemployment is higher now . 
  they also do n't care as much about religion , so cdu gets less votes . 
  if the majority was against it and cared enough about that issue they could have voted for someone else . 
  apart from that there are things that should not be decided by the majority , that 's the reason why we have constitutions . 
  think of the women 's vote or allowing black and white people to marry each other . 
  would you really want that to be a decision by the people ? 
  how does such a law make it a fantasy state ? 
  the legal protections associated with marriage are certainly no fantasy . 
  i would say it rather shows the homophobes that their idea of defining how other people can live is a fantasy . 
  because how sexual minorities ( and minorities in general ) are treated has in many cases been an indicator of progressiveness . 
   instead you should focus on the age old derailment strategy . 
  we can multitask . 
   also , in case of europe , the borders are open , you can move to e.g. 
  netherlands to get your shiny gay marriage badge at any time . 
  sure , and if russia comes knocking the eastern population of the eu can just move west instead of addressing the issue . 
  actually the people in eastern germany vote mostly for parties that are pro marriage equality . 
  although probably for other reasons . 
  cdu/csu wanting the conservative vote and spd not forcing the issue in the coalition because they want a part of the cake . 
  actually before the election spd had a `` 100 % equality only with us '' campaign ... 
  although it 's an oxymoron , i guess you could say `` pretty equal '' . 
  there are especially differences in joint adoption , meaning only one person in a same-sex partnership can adopt , which does n't make any sense even if you were against it ...  just without the church churches do n't factor into it at all . 
  it 's a legal contract with the state . 
  even straight marriages do n't need to be in a church and even if marriage equality exists the churches do n't have to allow same-sex ceremonies . 
  except that environmental problems are real . 
  heh , do n't worry , i do n't think many germans think of that when they hear indiana . 
  i just read a lot of news on reddit and am gay , so it was kind of inevitable . 
  i also heard that the election was pretty close , so i would n't generalize anyway . 
  thank you for your explanation about the state , i did not know that and it 's certainly interesting !, 
  you had me at vancouver . 
  sushi and hiking at the beach ? 
  i 'm in !, 
  at least that 's what i remember from my visit . 
  as someone else on reddit recently put it : i think the us has higher highs and lower lows than most european countries , so there is some appeal as well as some aversion for me . 
  i like that people generally seem to care more about what they believe is right and do n't seem so pessimistic about everything . 
  germany to me seems terribly apathetic in comparison . 
  i think if i would emmigrate i would choose your seemingly less radical northern neighbor though . 
  do n't be offended , i would visit !, 
   all you have to do is stay out of the south and you would be fine . 
  and indiana ... 
  liittokansleri seems to be federal ( ? ), 
  it depends on the attitude of the people and what is done to integrate them into society . 
  i thought someone had autobahnen built so we do n't have to !, 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  were other pro-european people also beaten ? 
  even if you are right though , how is it not a good first step to realize that violence is wrong ? 
   people realized that violence should stop and that it 's wrong to release the anger on the lgbt community sounds like a good first step if you ask me . 
  pride parades are not the end result , they started the process of society tolerating and accepting lgbt people in most western countries because it made `` the other '' visible as real persons . 
  the difference here is that most western countries were not ruled with an iron fist , so i 'm really at a loss at what the strategy for russia should be . 
  however , i stick with my opinion that it must be based on visibility . 
  if not in official parades then with friends , family , acquaintances . 
  well , they are still active on `` die zeit '' articles ... 
  on an unrelated note : your flair is amazing !, 
  but at the same time they would have more wiggle room to back down a little . 
  if putin did that it would be seen as weakness . 
  a new person does n't have to fulfill putin 's promises though . 
  always depends on the person . 
  that guy is a new account . 
  most russians hanging around here are pretty cool , there are crazy ones in / r/russia though .
