  were n't most cultures throughout history more or less misogynist ? 
  at least a homophobic culture that is not at the same time somewhat misogynist does n't come to mind ... 
  in my experience this fear is often extremely unjustified . 
  sure , tabloids might play the nazi card , a number of greeks are n't fans , but most europeans actually like us . 
  it 's ok , that level of hyperbole deserves a nazi comparison . 
  ok , then i misunderstood you . 
  rt will make up whatever they like anyway though , so it does n't matter . 
  well , afd is even worse in that respect , but let 's hope they will be forgotten or at least not part of any government . 
   when it will win ... or when the spd finds its backbone in coalition negotiations ... 
  well i 'd like to see msnbcs counterparts to bill o'reilly , glenn beck or to the story of paris ' `` no-go-zones '' , but i agree with your conclusion . 
  hope it comes back and visits germany some time in the future . 
  do n't worry , next year it will be everyone that 's 27 . 
  you have a point . 
  what i really wanted to say with my comment is that fox is backed by rich people wanting republicans to govern while rt is backed by putin and friends wanting putin to govern . 
  so fox bashing the democratic government is not really a surprise . 
  i agree though that rt is much worse . 
   it 's better to have some generic , shitty response appear in rt , than for rt to be able to claim that the estonian government is trying to censor rt and the truth . 
  that 's not what censorship is . 
  censorship would be the us government saying `` rt ca n't make news in our country . '', 
  or putin saying `` rt ca n't publish this article about me , i do n't like it . '', 
  rt might be against the government , too , if there was another party in power . 
  and as always commensurability has to be observed . 
  shooting a fleeing woman that is n't armed/in the process of hurting someone is illegal . 
   if i 'm being rude to you then it 's because your first message to me was to call me a sociopath , quite an extraordinarily strong ad hominem . 
  i had called somebody else a neckbeard because their only contribution to a reasoned discussion was useless sarcasm . 
  to be fair , the person he was answering to started with `` that may be true if you spend most of your time holed up in your room surfing reddit '' and it does sound like a `` first world problem '' , but i agree that his sarcasm was n't a very good contribution . 
  neither were our reactions in my opinion , so i apologize !, 
  what i was trying to say with my last paragraph : there clearly are many families , even if additionally there are many single men without children . 
  since you do n't have a problem with the families and i do n't think that only single men get to sleep in sports clubs i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  i would also say it 's much harder to find space for families than for singles . 
   did you miss mathematics at school ? 
  i did neither miss that nor my university statistics course , thank you . 
  did your parents miss to teach you manners or did you just not care ? 
  my statistics are based on the [ german federal office for migration and refugees ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) , especially the people seeking asylum in germany from the beginning of this year . 
  i have seen similar statistics for the last year . 
  i 'm happy to be disproven if you provide a link to your source instead of insults . 
  i could not find a report . 
  i did however find this statistic on mediterranean sea arrivals : http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php it states arrivals are about 17 % women and 26 % children . 
  the percentage of children is actually similar to the german report if you add its 11-15 year olds . 
  my report does n't provide a percentage of women , only of all female applicants . 
  if you want you can compute it yourself , but i think that 's beside the point as we both agree that there are more men . 
  what we apparently do n't agree on is how many families we need to allow refugees to sleep in a sports club . 
  how many of these women need to be married with children not to get angry at the suggestion ? 
  would 15 % be too low ? 
  that would mean about 50 % ( dependant on how many kids they have ) of the refugees are on their own . 
  is that too many to care ? 
  i did n't know sociopaths were people that ca n't read data . 
  20 % of asylum seekers are actually children below 11 years of age . 
  one third of asylum seekers are female . 
  but cleary you can throw those under the bus because there are many unattached males !, 
  i thought the ultimate academic repudiation of an argument was calling someone a fat neckbeard . 
  clearly you have much to teach me . 
  but it 's certainly good to know that a downvote does n't mean shit , otherwise one could believe you had the better arguments in this sub . 
  what kind of sociopath are you that you do n't understand he is contrasting the importance of families having a place to sleep with the impact of not being able to go to your sports club for a few months ? 
  no it probably is n't on the same scale , but  german men probably have n't behaved like this since before the roman empire is obviously bullshit . 
  i also find it disturbing that they could n't restore order . 
  they probably did n't expect so many people , although their inability to address other issues ( e.g. 
  also attacks on refugee houses ) in the recent past does n't make me very confident . 
  maybe money should be spent to have more police on the streets instead of giving the ones behind computers more rights ... 
  to be fair there is always a large number of sex offenses at oktoberfest or carnival , just not to the extent of that single night . 
  apparently the mass complaints came in later that day/the following days . 
  same reason the mass media took 3 days to report on it . 
   most isis recruits from britain are middleclass and well-educated . 
  way to move the goal-post . 
  topkektir was talking about every-day violence , not terrorism . 
  non-muslim psychopaths are also often well-educated and they typically do n't get in gang-brawls before their crimes . 
   that cultural mindset is forged at home by their own backward parents that project their failure to learn the language or get a skillset to integrate or assimilate in the host country onto the host country and her inhabitants . 
  so you 're saying missing education of the parents is the reason ? 
  see , that 's an explanation that is the opposite of `` it 's their culture '' , unless you want to tell us learning a language or a skillset is something muslims ca n't do . 
  and since * your * personal anecdotes are good enough for you : they can , i know many that did !, 
  to clarify : i was talking about him using the `` wo n't somebody think of the children ? '', 
  argument , just with gays and women ; not even about immigrants . 
   most muslims are '' ~ conservatives/fundamentalist '' , atleast 50 % and that 's being generous . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being conservative . 
  equating it with fundamentalism is dishonest . 
   is it really that fucking hard to grasp that they 're coming from backwards countries where views on women , gays , etc. 
  is decades if not centuries behind ??? 
  did i say that ? 
  they can come from whatever countries they like as long as they follow our laws . 
  for everyone else there 's the justice system . 
  i 'm sure some people in the cdu still think rape should be legal when a husband does it to his wife , but they do n't try to change our laws ( they stopped blocking legislature against that just ~ 20 years ago ) . 
   basically most muslims here in sweden have the opinion that swedish women are whores source ? 
   they are not like the rest of us . 
  yes , how scary . 
  coming from germany i can tell you i wo n't be surprised if anyone acts like `` centuries behind '' . 
  this is neither a german nor a muslim thing , it 's an education thing . 
  as an aside , try to guess who is currently trying to stop school education about minorities they do n't like . 
  hint : it 's not the muslims . 
   rightwingers that hate gays are in minority . 
  lol , maybe in sweden . 
  and immigrants do n't have the power to change policies , much less if they are fundamentalist . 
   certainly not for little girls who cant safely play outside unsupervised , homosexuals and jews who can get attacked , women who dont feel safe alone outside at night yeah , if you would n't use people you know nothing about to make a point that would be great . 
  personally , i 'm more worried about right-wing parties . 
  their attitudes towards gay people , other religions and women are n't very different from those of the people you describe . 
   yes , 30 years ago when you got people from my country to immigrate , this worked out so well , they 're now model citizens !, 
  the ones i grew up with or know are . 
  it always depends on their education , as it does for everyone . 
  i was n't talking about people , but about states . 
  those that receive the most federal aid tend to be red and - at the moment - their politicians seem most focused on making life harder for minorities while sometimes ignoring your laws . 
   ukip supporters thanks and good point !,
