baltimore outranks orlando ? 
  i do n't even ... 
  46.8 % european and i 'm closest to belgium ? 
  i can not into europe, 
  agreed . 
  in high school , stalin was vilified pretty heavily . 
  yeah , no ... those `` early adapters '' are trust fund kids who have mommy and daddy pay for their board . 
  when the purse strings get cut , they have to move out of the trendy hipster areas to the less desirable areas . 
  just give it time . 
  manhattan is expensive because it 's a small area , in the heart of nyc that 's very sought after . 
  there are plenty of rich people there , but there are just as many ( if not more ) in suffolk and nassau ( long island ) . 
  most t nd to o stay on long island because th crime rates lower , it 's less crowded , and they get better public services for their money . 
  missippi may be considered `` poor '' by new york standards , but still produce a sizable gdp and are profitable . 
  if by subsidized , you mean agricultural subsidies , of course their given them . 
  new york dosnt have the geography for a vast farm system ( not to mention farming in itself is not a very profitable endeavor in america ) so the government pays people to farm because otherwise they 'd pay even more to import . 
  it does n't make them poor , it 's what there land is useful for . 
  as far as class goes , it 's much more visible in urban areas where the rich tend to segregate themselves from the poor , but in suburban and rural america , it breaks down a lot quicker . 
  because their are no trendy districts , you can live next to someone who 's broke or a millionaire , so you interact with everyone . 
   how is it in the usa ? 
  they also have poor states and rich states , is there any major difference between eu and usa other than nationalism ? 
  do people in new jersey ( median income $ 67,458 ) do n't want people from mississippi ( $ 36,919 ) come there ? 
  to answer your question , median income dosnt accurately describe rich/poor in the us , because the costs of living from state to state vary wildly . 
  you have to have a high income in new jersey ( as well as new york and a lot of california ) because the cost of real estate and the taxes they levy are very high . 
  states like mississippi and missouri have much lower taxes , and you can buy a house for well under $ 100,000 there , meaning their cost of living is a lot lower and most companies pay a lot less to their employees down there . 
   i 've not been in the usa but from the media it looks like they also have similar divisions in the society but it does n't seem like people in california ( gdp bigger than the uk , germany , france ) think that they are too cool for the usa and want to split . 
  yeah , i would n't trust media depictions of the u.s. , as their often distorted for sensationalism . 
  that being said , we do n't have a lot of the class divisions that are found in euroepe , are divides are mostly political and racial ,, 
  one thing that has n't been mentioned yet , is that we can absorb them a lot better because : a : we do n't have a specific ethnic homgeneous culture like a lot of other countries ( hence they tend to integrate easier ) b : we do n't have the welfare state of most european countries , so they cost a lot less and use up less services . 
  if they come here , i 'm fine with them staying as long as they pay tax and contribute . 
  not to mention destroying car 's who they thought were uber drivers ? 
  so , `` we give into violence '' is the lesson here ... 
  is n't he also wanted in sweeden for rape ? 
  my portfolio is currently heavily invested in american and international finance and tech copmpanies , with a little bit of government securities thrown in just as a precaution . 
  i 'm trying to invest more in indian and chinese buisness 's , as there is a lot of growth to still be had in those markets . 
  that started fading out in the 70 's with more women entering the workforce and the rising rate of divorce . 
  it 's just not worth it to get married nowdays . 
  really , vice news ? 
  c'mon europe , we thought you were better than this . 
  or who yearn for times square when it was nothing but porn stores and peep shows, 
  at my station , we only had 2 and 5 medical calls , which is a good night by our standards, 
  given that i spent new years in my firehouse answering calls , i am grateful that it was n't as bad as that, 
  there are way too many here in america , but here 's a few of my favorites from new york : jumping of a building is punishable by death it is illegal to walk around sunday with an cream sandwich in your pocket it is illegal for a woman to be on the street wearing `` body hugging clothing '' citizens may not greet each other by `` putting one 's thumb to the nose and wiggling the fingers '' during a concert , it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on the sidewalks, 
  what if what 's important to them is doing nothing ? 
  as an emt , see if you can get some quick-clot for you your emergency bag . 
  if there is ever serious blood loss , this stuff is invaluable : http://www.quikclot.com, 
  it could be that they were referred to as `` slug guns '' in the customs papers . 
  i 've seen them referred to that in a few big box stores , so that might be where the hunting rifles take comes from, 
  why is wanting to protect your country and it 's people stupid ? 
  there both up in the air , so i 'd have to wait to see what the proposal looks like when it hits the table before i make any final judgment . 
  but we 've always given more scrutiny to people form terrorist recruiting countries, 
  really ? 
  how many europeans ( non migrants ) have visited iraq or syria recently ? 
  i ca n't imagine europeans who visited syria or iraq in the last 5 year 's make up a sizable portion of tourists to the us . 
  missing a sarcasm tag ? 
  there all in german , so i 'll take your word for it . 
  however , the fact still remains that these occurrences are rare and do not occur frequently . 
  in addition , just because an item could be used for a nefarious purpose does n't mean it should be banned . 
  are you ok with banning cane 's because they can be used as weapons ? 
  what about cricket bat 's , tire irons , ball point pens , etc ? 
  pepper spray / animal spray does serve a valuable purpose to a lot of people , and the action 's of a few should not impede it 's use . 
  can you cite a case where pepper-spray was used to rob someone ? 
  you 're really stretching this now, 
  only if they have a pre-existing condition , not from pepper-spray itself . 
  true , but we made it cool , 
  2/3 of the legislature must call for a congressional congress , and 3/4 of the states must ratify it . 
  in short , next to impossible . 
  where did anyone suggest using weapons against immigrants ? 
  he 's just posting how gun law 's work in switzerland, 
  not exactly . 
  posse comitatus prohibits the army from being used against us citizens , and texas has it 's own national guard , so it would have to be declared as an act of war . 
  they are , though not to the extent of the us, 
  that would be rather weird , although , i could see it happening if one did n't have a tuxedo or suit available, 
  it 's even worse that a dui : it bans you from firearm ownership , virtually all government jobs ( with the exception of some townships ) , you loose all veteran benefits you could have accrued , and no respectable employer will hire you . 
  it 's usually done only for military weddings , not just one person showing up randomly in uniform . 
  to be honest , most of the military personnel i 've talked to would avoid areas where they could be targets , and if their were people disrespecting them , they would just ignore them too . 
  however , if the situation became violent , they would not hesitate to use force . 
  as to why american personnel are n't targeted as much , i 'd say it 's mostly due to the fact the majority of our immigrants do n't have negative perceptions of the military . 
  if they due , they avoid them , they do n't go out to provoke them . 
  we shoot back, 
  oh , the salt 's already poring in across all the subreddits , it 's gon na be great , 
  to be honest , virtually every site i 've visited running up to the election gave him a 30 % chance at best . 
  i do n't know how this happened ( and i 'm not happy about it ) , but he 'll , at least maybe the political elites will stop being smug . 
  on the plus side , it 'll be fun to watch r/politics self implode, 
  so , it 's be a good idea to start planning a cheap uk vacation is what i 'm taking away from this . 
  does this mean there will be more krampus mauling 's come winter ? 
  crap , it 's spreading !, 
  in this kind of situation , the israeli system might be a good compromise . 
  you do n't have to opt in , but you will be put on a priority list for organ donations if you do , which gives incentive to opt in . 
  ai n't that the truth ... 
  this is the perfect election for a third party , but people still wo n't budge . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` assault rifles '' have to be chambered in something other than 22 rimfire . 
  then again , it was a made up term to begin with so it depends on your definition of an `` assault rifle '' . 
  blame the dnc , they actively worked against him from the beginning . 
  depends on your field of specialty . 
  i knew a japanese scientist when i was a security guard for a pharmaceutical company that knew only the most basic english ( hello , goodbye , etc. . . ) and he made well over $ 200,000 a year a some kind of biochemist . 
  of course this is very rare occasion , but if you have some crazy kind of skillset , they 'll let you get by . 
  that had more to do with racism and jingoism than a fear of diversity . 
  additionally , the civil rights movement of the 60 's and 70 's saw people 's views towards diversity become vastly more liberal and compassionate . 
  when my parents grew up , it was strange to have friends outside your race , but when i grew up , it was even stranger to not have friends outside your own race . 
  being afraid of diversity is now equated with being racist and is strongly socially stigmatized .
