  we had separate armies , treasuries and broad autonomies , while being ruled by a single king . 
  poland , however , was a larger partner , they had more influence , and their culture was dominant . 
  widespread polish language was not considered as a problem for lithuania at the time . 
  on the other hand , according to some evaluations , polish dominance was not beneficial for development of a separate future lithuania . 
  poland-lithuania eventually came to an end in 1795 , when it was divided between russian , austrian and prussian empires . 
  in both countries there were significant national movements in the late 19th and early 20th century . 
  both lithuania and poland managed to become independent in 1918 , that being a consequence of ww1 . 
  idea of unification was simply out of question , as these were times of national states being born all over europe . 
  spirit of national self-identification was in the air . 
  relations between poland and lithuania became extremely hostile , as everyone was butthurt over language , culture , identity , and most importantly over who should rule city of vilnius . 
  shitty stuff ensued , mutinies and occupations included . 
  then ww2 came and you know how it all ended . 
  only around 1988 we finally got a chance to put our relations back into order . 
  and we managed to do it quite successfully . 
  this was a short answer to your question . 
  relations are not as bad , as this comic tries to imply . 
  we are strategic partners , and absolute majority of politicians and regular people in both countries are absolutely positive towards each other . 
  ca n't really complain too much , as we actually were at war almost a hundred years ago . 
  i 'm not saying the relationship could n't be better , though . 
   if that was any other country the un would label it as unfair and state controlled and manipulated . 
  but nobody says it in the west because everyone thinks their shit do n't stink . 
  i think , you 're not getting the big picture here . 
  there is no better example in history on how to fairly properly deal with hegemonic past , than the way uk dealt with the colonies , and how england is dealing with the devolution of scotland . 
  sure , the situation might be not ideal , but you rarely see legally binding referendums for independence being held in the world at all . 
  i understand that london has a clear agenda to persuade scottish people to stay in the uk , but i would n't be so sure to state that bbc is going to be used for sheer propaganda , or would ` go into overdrive ' , as you put it . 
  it 's so fortunate that she managed to escape !, 
   angela merkel : saviour or tormentor ? 
  europeans give verdict . 
  thousands of readers responded after we asked for your views on how german chancellor had handled the eurozone crisis more like * european readers of the guardian give verdict * . 
  not much love should be expected towards a right wing conservative politician . 
  not that there 's anything bad about it , just keep it in mind . 
  if i may add to this , russia and armenia are in a military alliance . 
  russia has a military presence in armenia , and is in fact providing armenia protection , as the regional tensions are really high there . 
  that 's correct , but these association agreements are compatible and harmonised to create a single economic zone . 
  this zone can not overlap the russian customs union , which creates an inherently different duty tax system . 
  edit : to completely clear things up , let me just add statement by a member of the eu council regarding armenia 's customs union entry announcement :  `` if they make a choice like this , they wo n't sign a free trade agreement with the eu , '' linkevicius told lithuanian reporters . 
  he claimed that even though any choice armenia was to make would be honored , the south caucasian nation `` can not sign two agreements with differing tariff requirements . '', 
  russia forces businesses to restructure * indirectly and unintendedly * by reducing their competitiveness in russian market . 
  country can either become part of one duty tax system , or another . 
  it 's impossible to be participate in both at the same time . 
  internal trade inside a free trade area ( be it european , or russian ) meets little restrictions , while external trade is taxed . 
   or if i 'm wrong could someone explain me this , please . 
  you 're not wrong to guess that russia will push the buffer countries towards the west . 
  however , i think , that there is an explanation * why * russia is acting like this , and why it 's not exactly right to call them stupid . 
  the thing is , that currently there is a huge geopolitical game going on between russia and the eu . 
  the prize of this game is expanding ( or keeping ) spheres of influence into several post-soviet states , these being ukraine , moldova , georgia and armenia . 
  up until now these countries managed to manoeuvre between interests of russia and europe with greater or lesser success . 
  but situation like this can not continue forever , as russia is creating the eurasian union , which will have unified market , similar to the one in the eu . 
  in the light of this development , eu decided that now is a good time to act by offering these unaffiliated post-soviet states to sign association agreements in november . 
  these agreements would allow the countries in question to start free trade with the eu and would also pave the way for future eu membership . 
  a very important thing is that after signing this agreement further integration into the russian zone would be impossible . 
  that 's why russia can not do anything else , but to play all the cards they have . 
  trade sanctions and threats to limit gas supply are just means to try to scare the countries from signing the agreements in november . 
  there are also other ways , as forcing their influence on the politicians , or using regional tensions . 
  they have successfully done this in armenia , as armenians already announced that they are joining the eurasian union . 
  it 's not that russia does n't understand that carrot is better than bat . 
  they simply have run out of options in moldova , and are trying to use trade sanctions as a mean of last resort , even while understanding that they do n't hold much chance anymore . 
  by restricting imports , russia forces producers to restructure their operations and to search for new markets as fast as they can , in order to survive . 
  new markets being the eu in most cases . 
  some businesses do go bankrupt , some suffer losses , so russia does manage to achieve a certain short term punitive effect . 
  but there is also an unintended boosting of european integration , especially if there already are strong economic ties with the eu . 
  it has happened in other countries before , and it 's just about to happen in moldova and ukraine . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure if i agree with the idea that the british isles and the baltics are parts of the same region . 
  on the other hand , * no * classification is going to satisfy everyone . 
  depending on the context , lithuania is labeled as being in northern , eastern or central europe . 
  and being a part of northern europe * does * have connotations of a certain level of economical and cultural development , current or expected . 
  so , i 'm kind of ok with this one . 
  there is a certain element of truth to this . 
  [ here 's the map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/74/europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg/1000px-europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg.png ) for the said classification by the united nations . 
  well , prague is further to the west than vienna , but used to be part of the east , while vienna was part of the west . 
  confusing , i know !, 
  not that far from the truth , as these are * historical * wine , beer and vodka belts of europe . 
  they do n't show exact consumption patterns , as drinking habits can change quite rapidly , e.g. 
  lithuania has largely switched from vodka to beer after regaining independence ( yeah , that 's pretty mind blowing ) . 
  also , globalisation has an equalising effect on what we drink , for example a few years ago uk became the largest wine importer in the world . 
  also , notice how the border of vodka belt roughly corresponds to the border of russian empire ( scandinavia , moldova and georgia excluded from this pattern ) . 
  amusing stuff , if you ask me . 
  that 's the true european bureaucratic spirit !, 
  i believe , this gif should be used only for * pleasant * happenings . 
  these recent crazy rants should not be treated as an acceptable thing , but no , it 's not happening . 
  no , we will not be invaded . 
  relax , nothing is escalating . 
  trade wars and market protectionism suck big time in the long run . 
  especially as i hope to see both kosovo and macedonia entering free trade agreements with the eu in the future . 
  if you have [ john vincent atanasoff ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_vincent_atanasoff ) in mind , as one of the inventors of the computer , i would n't go that far to call him bulgarian . 
  but it 's just me . 
  if you wish to do so , go ahead . 
  here we are again at the never ending flamewar on issues of ancestry and nationality . 
  we come from the same side of the iron curtain , also we have a common recent history of european integration , so bulgaria is quite well known to lithuanians . 
  i 'm going to share some bits and pieces about bulgaria that i know , as presented from lithuanian point of view . 
  * bulgarian communists were extremely loyal to the soviet union during the cold war . 
  i even heard a rumour that bulgaria wished to enter ussr as the 16th soviet republic . 
  however , bulgaria had a reputation of being more developed than ussr and was famous for its beaches on the black sea and also for nice weather . 
  sadly , it was almost impossible for most lithuanians to actually visit bulgaria , as traveling abroad was restricted . 
  * in the 1990s when it became possible to travel freely to bulgaria , lithuanians started going there for vacation , some were even buying real estate near the sea . 
  however , other countries , such as greece , spain and turkey became much more popular in this regard during the 2000s . 
  i believe the reason for this is that bulgaria became more expensive than before . 
  but i 'm sure that the situation can change once again , if bulgarians manage to improve their tourist facilities and develop their coastal region a bit more . 
  * lithuanian retail companies and other businesses have interest in bulgaria . 
  we lithuanians like to imagine that we have an advantage there because we can do business in a productive western fashion , while we also have the ability not to be scared by a little bit of good old wild west .
