  but there are plenty of lines up to 300 km/h around the country . 
  german ice is one of the best high speed networks in europe . 
  as much as i did n't like that morsi guy for his affiliation with the religious guys and his disregard for ideas of secular state , he was the first properly elected head of state after decades of dictatorship . 
  perhaps it would have been better to wait it out and elect a better leader next time ? 
  and it 's funny and sad because i had a lot of hopes in the arab spring couple of years ago . 
  it looked like the new dawn has come with all these progressive people using internet to combat oppressive regimes . 
  look at this now . 
  fundamentalists are seeking to establish an islamic state , crazy generals believe that shooting at the crowd will somehow help to solve the problems , religious minorities are under attack , the nation is divided . 
  look at all this fucking bloodshed . 
  fuck everything about it . 
  yeah , i agree that he 's not alone who thinks that all non-muslims should be killed . 
  yet , that 's not the reason this article was published . 
  the guy originally comes from novorossiysk and the article is from a russian paper . 
  it 's supposed to be an interesting read for russians because of the local touch . 
  agree . 
  no point of discussing separate cases of crazy fundamentalist lunatics . 
  there has been a huge attempt to federalize eu 10 years ago by signing the treaty of establishing the constitution of europe . 
  however , dutch and french voters rejected it and the process has been stalled ever since . 
  would you call it ignoring an inconvenient result ? 
  would you please read the fucking article ? 
   the democratic public of each state will have to decide whether it is in its long-term interest to join the federation or opt out . 
  it is an illusion to believe that a strong political union can be built on the weak allegiance that results from tweaking treaties . 
  its foundation must be a popular mandate . 
  i would also be skeptical about general elections of the entire commission , but the article does not suggest that . 
  it only states that there should be a popularly elected accountable face of the commission , i.e. 
  the ` president ' . 
   some argue that aligning european states more closely on issues such as wage levels , the social contract , and tax rates should be the task of the european commission . 
  ( ... ) this makes sense , but for the commission to take on such a role , it will need to acquire much more popular legitimacy . 
  this means that the commission 's president will have to be elected directly by european citizens at large . 
  the article further states that the effective government would be appointed by the ` prime minister ' who would be elected by the parliament :  how , specifically , might a political union in europe work ? 
  the european parliament could elect the chief executive of the european commission , who would then form a cabinet of ministers out of the larger parties in the parliament . 
  it does n't end with that . 
  here 's the best part :  in order to preserve some of the nonpartisan , meritocratic quality of the current commission , each cabinet minister in the commission would be paired with a permanent secretary from the european civil service in his or her area of competence . 
  does n't sound so bad , huh ? 
  an exceptionally well written article on the matter was submitted here yesterday : [ the next europe - toward a federal union ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/139461/nicolas-berggruen-and-nathan-gardels/the-next-europe?page=show ) ( here 's link for the [ comment thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1knpge/the_next_europe_foreign_affairs_article_that/ ) ) . 
  i do n't see the problem at all . 
  sounds like good reasoning for true entrepreneurial spirit . 
  makes it a lot easier for people to achieve something if they believe that social mobility is not something out of the question . 
  this map helps to see that it makes perfect sense they chose finland for a huge long term [ nuclear waste storage facility ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/onkalo_spent_nuclear_fuel_repository ) . 
  spent nuclear fuel will be kept in tunnels deep in the bedrock for thousands of years to come . 
  i like your username . 
  could you please explain why two taps in kitchen are better than one ? 
  it 's very likely that you are right about it . 
  it 's similar to khodorkovsky 's imprisonment in russia , where case against him is quite strong , or at least it has been during the first trials . 
  yet , it 's obvious that courts are working hand in hand with governments . 
  both of them are left to rot in prisons mostly for political reasons . 
  well , giving german money to greece and cutting their debt is one thing , having to rescue a large european economy , such as italy would be whole different matter . 
  to my understanding , freezing money in efsf is a wise thing , moreover other eu countries also fork over mindboggling sums of money for that scheme . 
  collapsing italy or spain would be able to seriously hurt eu , such crisis could even dismantle the eurozone . 
  in my opinion , * that * would hit german economy and exports real hard . 
  i 'm not going to pretend to know much about inner political workings of germany , while i admit that i quite admire merkel , at least for her international image . 
  however , i 'm under impression that you fovour some other party than cdu . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  solving tymoshenko 's question is being demanded by the eu side . 
  it 's unlikely that the association agreement between eu and ukraine will be signed in november if ukrainians do n't step down on this matter . 
  and it 's very likely that tymoshenko will be allowed to cross the border to some european state for her treatment . 
  there she would be able to seek asylum , i suppose . 
  germany has been getting some very good press recently for basically pulling eurozone out of recession thanks to a healthy state of the economy . 
  what influence does it have on german voters ? 
  does merkel try to use it in her campaign ? 
   germans sleep better , bismarck once said , when they do n't know how sausages and laws are made . 
  oh my , this is pure gold . 
  by setting up trade barriers russia will succeed nothing besides pushing ukraine further into europe . 
  do n't they get that eu is already the largest ukrainian export market ? 
  sure , some businesses will be hurt , but it 's not like the country will stop to a standstill . 
  does moscow seriously think this kind of rhetoric helps to serve goals of russian politics , or is this simply a sign of desperation ? 
  they have been using strong language and waging similar trade wars while trying to keep the baltics , and also georgia in their sphere of influence . 
  guess what happened . 
  all restrictions were quietly lifted when russia finally understood that there 's no turning back . 
  i expect same thing happening with ukraine in the future . 
  having ` what you do n't like about ... ' series could be asking for trouble a bit , and yet it would be very entertaining . 
  france would be a strong starter of the series . 
  * in my opinion , no other large city in europe has so much class as paris does . 
  do n't want to get into discussing stereotypes about arrogant parisians etc. , but no other place offers a comparable urban experience and it 's not only about architecture . 
  period . 
  * french cuisine is top notch . 
  for me personally , only italian and thai food beats it by a narrow margin . 
  * a healthy dose of hedonism hurts no one . 
  for example , i do appreciate the cafe culture in france and it seems that people know how to enjoy life . 
  that 's not extremely exceptional in europe , but the french pull it off in a very aesthetic manner . 
  people seem to have good taste for things . 
  for centuries the french have been cultural trendsetters in fashion , music , architecture , art in general , name it . 
  there 's a reason for it . 
  * country is really diverse and beautiful . 
  the alps , riviera , cities , towns and villages , most of them are very charming . 
  * i really appreciate the road and rail network in france . 
  autoroutes are on par with german autobahns , only having to stop at the * peage * toll plazas can be mildly irritating . 
  and even if high speed rail is not really a novelty in large developed european countries anymore , tgv will always be remembered as a turning point in history of railways . 
  * and lastly , french sounds like music to my ears . 
  i can understand very little , but simply listening to it can be hypnotizing . 
  probably the best sounding language in the world . 
  oh yes , there 's always a relevant xkcd . 
  sometimes there 's even a [ meta-relevant xkcd to a relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/927/ ) . 
  does your username mean that you are latvian in disguise ? 
  i googled him and this thread was on the first page of the results . 
  also , he has a couple of videos of questionable production value on youtube . 
  so , he 's really famous ... in his neighbourhood . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  ok , thanks , i know nothing about him , will have to find out more . 
  i ca n't really blame him for playing piano though ,
