  and i assure you that i would be extremely happy to see more of these qualities in russia . 
  if you want to call it pro-western ideological bias , so be it , but that does n't make me dislike russia as a country or to dislike its people . 
  i just happen to disagree with current russian politics quite often . 
   it 's not like kremlins is telling them directly what exactly to do and to say . 
  ( ... ) it just is n't working that way , it 's very easy to raise straight to the status of opposition supestart if you 'll expose any of those `` direct orders '' from kremlin . 
  i agree . 
  i also think that there are no ` direct orders ' on every piece of content they make , nor did i make such assumptions . 
  that would be too tedious of a task for politicians and bureaucrats . 
  but i do believe that people who are responsible for producing content for the network are following certain guidelines . 
  do n't ask me for proof , i make such assumptions based on my personal opinion about selection of the content that i see on rt , and by drawing comparisons with other international media from other parts of the world . 
  if you hold a different view , so be it , you have every right to do so . 
  i assure you that i have read your entire reply very attentively . 
  i replied to statements i found most important to answer , else my wall of text would just be too long to read . 
  also , i would have to be redundant , as i have already stated my opinion on comparing western media and rt. 
  in my personal opinion , that 's a highly subjective commentary that you are linking to . 
  it tries to find some obscure new meanings in what barroso has and most importantly has n't said . 
  i think that there 's nothing strange that he avoids giving personal opinion on separatist matters , as for him that would be comparable to walking in a minefield . 
  also , i fail to make the same conclusions as the author of the article . 
  what matters to me in this case is the strictly legal position which has been clearly and officially stated by barroso on behalf of the european commission . 
  it states that scotland ( or any other new country ) would become a third party in case of secession and would have to reapply for eu membership . 
  now , i 'm totally unbiased on question of scottish independence . 
  i deeply believe that it should be decided by scottish people and no one else . 
  i 'm glad that they will have a chance to say their word on this matter in a proper civilized way by holding a referendum which will be respected by the uk . 
  whatever they decide , so be it . 
  and * if secession happens * , i would be happy to see scotland back to eu as soon as possible . 
  in this case i hope that negotiations with eu would be as quick as possible . 
  it actually * would * be best if scotland would be provided with some sort of shortcut , in my opinion . 
  barroso said on more than one occasion that any new state will have to apply for membership : * [ european commission : separate scotland forced to reapply for eu membership ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/9303587/european-commission-separate-scotland-forced-to-reapply-for-eu-membership.html ) - september 2012 * [ joint answer given by mr barroso on behalf of the commission ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getallanswers.do?reference=e-2012-010044&amp;language=en ) - february , 2013 also , david cameron 's office released a 57-page legal opinion on scotland 's eu status in february . 
  while they might have their own agenda on this matter , the same conclusion has been made : * [ independent scotland would have to reapply to eu , u.k. says ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-02-11/independent-scotland-would-have-to-reapply-to-eu-u-k-says.html ) i will gladly stand corrected , if there have been any new developments on this question . 
  i probably was n't clear enough , but i had modern western europe in current sense of the term in mind . 
  frankly , i was carefully choosing words for my previous reply to you , as this is a sensitive issue on more than one level ( both lgbt rights and propaganda issues ) and i would n't really like the discussion to heat up too much . 
  i do agree with you that the reporter ( not an invited guest , as you seem to imply ) has hijacked the show to make an unrelated point . 
  i also agree that the rest of the journalists handed it professionally , in a crisis management sense . 
  as for your statement that there 's a high chance it would n't be aired at all on a different network , i believe that 's a moot point , as everything was happening live on air . 
  however , i 'm certain that rt is much more biased than western media , even much more than the notorious fox news . 
  rt constantly emphasize that they are independent and autonomous , which is obviously not true both in the matters of financing and in controlling its content by the russian government . 
  i truly believe that it 's the mouthpiece of kremlin , and its main purpose is to pursue political agenda . 
  you might say that it 's a natural thing it works that way . 
  that it 's only logical that the view of the network corresponds to the politics of its home country . 
  and you would be right , as it 's happening elsewhere as well . 
  i 'm not familiar with chinese issues well enough to be a good judge , but i would n't trust chinese cctv on some issues . 
  also , i 'm familiar with the fact that arabic and english versions of al-jazeera actually tend to reflect some issues differently , as they cater for different audiences . 
  now let 's talk about western media . 
  is it ideal ? 
  absolutely unbiased ? 
  totally free from external influences ? 
  no , no , and no . 
  but if your point is that western media has the same level of propaganda in its programming as rt does , i would absolutely disagree with that . 
  it does not compare , it 's on a whole different level , period . 
  everything that one has to do is to go to [ their website ] ( http://rt.com ) and simply count how many positive and negative stories are being reported on russian and us issues . 
  is there much criticism about the russian government ? 
  one just needs to compare it to the level of criticism that western media makes against their own governments . 
  it does n't take a genius or to know specifics of russian politics to see it . 
  the process has already been reversed by the end of cold war . 
  ussr , yugoslavia and czechoslovakia have all split up . 
  the only exception is german reunification , but it was also a result of the collapse of communism in europe . 
  however , having independent scotland and catalonia would be unprecedented in western ( in a political sense ) europe . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure the guy knew perfectly well he 's taking one way ride with that statement . 
  it 's not shocking at all that he got sacked . 
  and i agree that he was n't doing professional journalism , he was acting as a. . . well , activist . 
  the statement itself is much more interesting , than the consequences . 
  it puts a lot in perspective about that rt channel . 
  how does it really operate , how much censorship is there really , who is working there and what these western journalists in rt think about their job . 
  these questions are quite important as the channel is getting increasingly popular in usa by providing ` unbiased ' coverage on us issues . 
  no legal precedent would be set and nothing would change in terms of the international law . 
  there would be business as usual , as legitimacy of newly independent states would still be based on international recognition . 
  newly independent countries would have to reapply for eu membership , scotland would also have to opt-in to the commonwealth , if they would wish to do so . 
  these questions have been raised and answered to on the international level already . 
  it 's a whole different matter on general ( i.e. 
  non-legal ) precedent and possible influence on other separatist/secessionist movements . 
  frankly , i find it hard to predict . 
  it would be interesting what the [ network 's website , rt.com ] ( http://rt.com/ ) has to say on this , maybe they have some official statement ... 
  if they have n't prepared it yet , something * has to be * be there , the network itself made huge news yesterday and is all over international media right now . 
  well , at least bbc is always covering all the controversies surrounding itself and * ' \u00a9 autonomous nonprofit organization ' * is no less objective , right ? 
  wait , nothing ? 
  not a single mention ? 
  that 's a shame ... 
  not extremely , but left enough to bash thatcher policies on any opportunity it gets even decades after her rule . 
  there is a legend below the map that i linked . 
  perhaps , it 's a bit difficult to notice at first , but it 's there . 
  anyway , thanks for the effort . 
  there are a bit more than 1200 km of 250 + km/h lines in germany . 
  i 'm taking only real high speed into consideration here , frankfurt-cologne line is not even in this number . 
  there are 2600 + km in spain ( 1st place in europe , same siemens velaro trains as in germany btw ) . 
  france comes second with a bit over 2000 km . 
  so yes , i agree that germany still has catching up to do , but i would n't call it being fundamentally inferior in terms of network length . 
  unfortunately , you 're spot on about the affordability . 
  rail travel is cheaper in france and the ridership is much higher . 
  ice trains are often more modern and comfortable though . 
  as i understand , the ` president ' would be nominated by the political groups of the parliament and elected by the general population . 
  on the other hand , the ` prime minister ' , i.e. 
  head of cabinet and effectively the one with most power would be appointed and elected by the parliament . 
  and having a permanent civil servant with considerable power working together with a politician would hopefully help to avoid the problems of poor leadership that you mention . 
  that would constitute a parliamentary system with elements of meritocracy and direct democracy . 
  do you mean that a presidential candidate not endorsed by the brotherhood , would not have sufficient popular support ? 
  nah , this place can be a bit strange and prejudicial sometimes , but i do n't think it 's * that * bad . 
  i bet if you asked for an opinion about westboro baptist church , you would n't see much justification for their actions . 
  or any religious extremism , in that matter . 
  [ you must be joking ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ice_network.png ) . 
  frankfurt-cologne line is not high speed per se ( speed is 160-230 km/h on that line , that 's lower than 250 km/h which is considered true high speed ) .
