  i also have a question regarding serbs in republika srpska . 
  if i came to some local bar during , let 's say , an international football match and bosnia and herzegovina was playing , would i see people supporting the team ? 
  what if serbian national team was playing ? 
  and what about a match between serbia and bosnia ? 
  did n't know there was a separate classification for candidates and potential candidates . 
  you 're absolutely right , thanks . 
  * the capital is sarajevo . 
  this name is synonymous with the atrocities of war , and has been ingrained in the western mind by the media and pop culture in the 1990s ( miss sarajevo by u2 & pavarotti , anyone ? ) . 
  i sincerely recommend googling it , if you do n't know what these were . 
  are there still many of these around ? 
  * bosniaks are mostly muslim . 
  as i understand , this is the main historical reason for a separate self-identification from serbs ( orthodox ) and croats ( catholic ) . 
  * bosnian language is very similar to serbian and croatian . 
  all these languages could be considered one , if circumstances were different . 
  bosnian language uses latin alphabet . 
  * republika srpska is an important autonomous part of the state . 
  serbs live there . 
  before the war in the 90s , bosnian and serb populations used to intermingle more , and this separation was not as clear , as it is today . 
  * bosnia and herzegovina is a eu ~ ~ candidate ~ ~ potential candidate country . 
  in my opinion , this is very good . 
  * the only bosniak , whose name i remember is mirza teletovic , a basketball player . 
  it 's because of his stellar performance in a eurobasket match against lithuania last month . 
  disputes within wto are resolved via lengthy bureaucratic procedure , that lasts at least 15 months . 
  afterwards , wto releases ` final report ' , according to which , parties start negotiating on compensation . 
  if no agreement is reached , wto allows complainant state to retaliate using economic and trade means , such as additional taxing and trade barriers . 
  that might be quite effective if complainant is a rather large economy . 
  edit : tl ; dr wto can make russia possibly eat its hat ... probably ( but not right now ), 
  in my opinion , they are not exactly ` digging their own grave ' . 
  everyone dealing with russia knew quite well about a certain level of unpredictability when doing business there . 
  what has actually happened , is that russian government stopped caring about maintaining their image in the west . 
  it 's like their government finally realised : ` fuck it , it 's just not for us . 
  lets just keep distance from these fags , we 're not the west , and we 'll never be like them . 
  let 's just try to build our own superpower once again . 
  also , let 's drink some vodka with the chinese . ', 
  also , something seems to be wrong with your tulips . 
  i 'm not even kidding : [ russia 's proposed ban on dutch tulips ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russias-proposed-ban-on-dutch-tulips-2013-10 ) . 
  [ hard cheese as dutch-russia relations sour ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1152277/hard-cheese-as-dutch-russia-relations-sour )  the head of russia 's federal food standards agency told reporters on wednesday that preliminary tests on dairy products from the netherlands had been ` unsatisfactory ' and that an urgent review would be carried out of all dutch milk and cheese suppliers to russia . 
  we are discussing * euro-american collaboration and interventions since world war ii * here . 
  you should phrase yourself differently , if you wish to express your opinion that war generally is a horrid thing . 
  it looks like this warning has been heard : [ putin ends lithuania border curbs as eu readies complaint to wto ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-10-09/putin-ends-lithuania-border-curbs-as-eu-readies-complaint-to-wto.html ) . 
  good . 
  dairy product import ban is still in action , though . 
  it 's so fucking easy to make such oversimplifications . 
  what if i told you , that sometimes there is too little war , or that the war comes too late ? 
  * if we 'd gone in sooner , i believe we could have saved at least a third of the lives that were lost ... it had an enduring impact on me . 
  * - bill clinton on the failure of his administration to act during the genocide , which claimed the lives of around a million rwandans . 
  industrial price is still not the number you should refer to , as this is what the businesses are being billed . 
  this is not the wholesale price that lithuanian government pays to gazprom . 
  to put our relations with gazprom into perspective : * [ prices went from $ 84 dollars in 2004 to $ 497 in 2012 per 1,000 cubic metres of gas . 
  ] ( http://euobserver.com/foreign/117743 ) * [ gazprom sued for $ 2bn by lithuania over high gas prices . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19819487 ), 
  i kind of agree with / u/anarchisto that energy companies , including western ones , are not really known as gentlemen of some sort . 
  they are often cought running some shady stuff in third world countries , they also like to blatantly lie if some environmental accident happens . 
  still , you are absolutely right to say that having to deal with chevron would be way better than the current situation . 
  domestic gas prices are not too high , but they are not relevant at all , as domestic usage is very low . 
  what is used for cooking and in some autonomous heating systems constitutes a small fraction of gas that is required to run the whole country . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that most of our electricity is produced using gas . 
  central heating system is dependent on gas as well , and we need loads of energy to get through winter . 
  also , industry needs a lot of gas as well . 
  wholesale price of gas that lithuania pays to gazprom is one of the highest in europe . 
  for heavens sake , lithuania is even suing gazprom for abusing its monopoly and setting unfair wholesale price . 
  we are currently heavily dependent on gas , it is our main energy source ( heating + electricity ) . 
  current situation : we get all our gas from russian pipe . 
  gazprom is the sole supplier . 
  the price that we pay is horrific , way more than almost everywhere in the eu . 
  also , russia is able to influence us politically by using supply deals as a leverage . 
  the plan : to have more sources of gas . 
  what 's so fucking hard to understand . 
  eastern poland , duh . 
  because such means would not be acceptable for a respectable country . 
  if russia violates international trade agreements , we will try to deal with it by applying pressure via eu , wto , etc. 
  not by acting the same way . 
  well , he has graduated from columbia and spent a big part of his life in the states . 
  thanks . 
  i think , katla is the one i have read about . 
  too many volcanoes can be confusing . 
  passenger trains often operate at a loss , and are subsidized in many countries . 
  it 's a pity if you have overpaid , though . 
  pendolinos are selling not too bad now , poland is buying lots of them . 
  by the way , we have double decker skoda trains in lithuania , that are operating between vilnius and kaunas . 
  these are hugely successful , and image of the railway company has improved a lot thanks to them . 
  found a youtube video with daytime view of islandijos street , and also some interior shots of a couple of bars : [ takk , island 2013 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gwev3p_nf0 ) . 
  * first country to recognise independent post-soviet lithuania . 
  many of us have warm feelings towards iceland because of that . 
  islandijos street in downtown vilnius bears its name as a tribute to this fact . 
  on unrelated note , it has become the most crowded nightlife spot in recent years . 
  * iceland is located on a split between two continental plates . 
  that 's the reason for the volcanoes . 
  i guess , all of you remember the havoc few years ago when that volcano with the difficult name erupted . 
  well , there is another , much larger one . 
  it 's called ~ ~ hekla ~ ~ ( edit : katla ) , and there are no reasons why it should n't go off any time , with a much larger eruption , affecting air traffic and weather around the world . 
  * tons of famous indie music acts are from iceland . 
  probably the highest world-fame per capita ratio of all countries . 
  by the way , i was quite stunned when i found out that [ * of monsters and men * ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgn8eoh9asy ) are from iceland , as i found their accents indistinguishable from british . 
  only when i knew they 're icelandic , the distinction became more obvious . 
  i guess , many icelanders are exceptionally good with their english . 
  * quite a popular destination for lithuanian workers . 
  as far as i know , most find jobs in food processing industry . 
  i have read somewhere here , that lithuanians are currently the third largest ethnicity after icelanders and poles . 
  * there is a kick-ass modernist concrete church in reykjavik .
