  if we are going to have a discussion , i certainly hope that it will be about adequacy of such laws in general , and not about any theories that soviet atrocities in vilnius in 1991 did not happen . 
  so here comes the story of latvians , who decided not to leave it alone and added suffixes both to the first and the last names . 
  that 's how * hillary clinton * became * hilarija klintone * . 
  however , lithuanian linguists decided not to add anything to grammatically incompatible endings of foreign female names and not to make any new forms of these names at all ( i guess this was in the 19th century ) . 
  we actually used to write * hillary clinton * down as * hilari klinton * , but now we usually prefer original spelling . 
  and by the way , we do use declensions for foreign names with compatible endings like * julia * just like you !, 
  my point is that lithuanian and latvian grammar is quite similar in this regard , so the situation could have been easily solved similarly in both languages . 
  but with a different approach came different usage tradition and we simply got used to it . 
  we just do n't think twice when we use * hillary clinton * in any possible construction , and we do n't feel like we are losing any semantic value when doing it . 
  ok , no need for all the details . 
  while i ca n't really speak czech , i understand the basics well enough to get a grasp . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , * i see hillary clinton * would be * j\u00e1 vid\u00edm hillary clintonovou * . 
  it gets funnier when we remove the last name and use just the first : * j\u00e1 vid\u00edm hillary * . 
  the ending * - y * of the first name is not compatible with czech grammar , but somehow feels natural enough , and can be consistently used without any suffix . 
  these principles of declension and grammatical cases are similar in all slavic and baltic languages . 
  and all these languages have some issues when using foreign names inside our grammar systems . 
  we sometimes have to attach strange stuff to the names . 
  we do this quite inconsistently even in related languages , but it does n't matter , as long as it works . 
  but sometimes if we use some grammatically irregular forms long enough , it becomes natural , just like * hillary * without using declension . 
  i was under impression , that there is a sizeable part of czech speakers , who would like to [ change this tradition ] ( http://www.novinky.cz/domaci/276787-politici-ods-broji-proti-koncovce-ova.html ) ? 
  i 'm not telling you should or should not try to do this . 
  grammar must be intuitive to use and the flow of language should not be disrupted just because . 
  whatever suits most people is the best . 
  * hillary clintonov\u00e1 * is not relevant to the topic of phonetic transliteration , but is a nice example of traditional foreign name adaptation in czech language . 
  i find it interesting and worth sharing while being distantly related to the topic being discussed . 
  i understand that adding * - ov\u00e1 * to foreign female names is considered old-fashioned by many czech speakers , but the practice is still very much in place in mainstream czech media and literature . 
  also , adding * - ov\u00e1 * to yoko ono 's name might seem retarded to some , but in slovak language it is sometimes spelled * j\u00f3ko onov\u00e1 * . 
  the more you know !, 
  official language of the holy see is latin , so latin versions of papal names can be considered official , at least in a sense . 
  latin names of the popes are : ioannes paulus ii , benedictus xvi , franciscus . 
  dutch language is really quite exceptional , as dutch versions of the names quite closely resemble their ( often original ) latin form . 
  names of popes are used in their local forms all around the world , just like the names of saints . 
  italian : giovanni paolo ii , polish : jan pawe\u0142 ii , spanish : juan pablo ii . 
  similar rule is often applied to royal names . 
  king george vi is jorge vi in spanish . 
  oh boy , this is some crazy shit . 
  i 'm sure , that 's either a false rumour that emerged in poland , or a separate opinion of some uninformed idiot . 
  lukashenko is talking crazy shit he does n't believe himself . 
  what he is trying to do is to blackmail russia into subsidising belarus even more , or he will keep talking things like this . 
  i think , it 's not such a silly idea , as russia badly needs belarus in their eurasian union . 
  i 'd say that having a common history means a lot . 
  most part of this common history was n't that bad , do n't you agree ? 
  well , it 's a bit harsh to call it stupid , but i agree that it 's outdated and disadvantageous . 
  janusz korczak used to have just one correct form in lithuanian language 20 years ago and before that : janu\u0161as kor\u010dakas . 
  it was written like this on a book published in soviet times , that i used to read as a kid . 
  now , there are few ways to write it and all are considered correct : janusz korczak , janu\u0161 kor\u010dak , janu\u0161as kor\u010dakas . 
  different newspapers and publishers sometimes use different forms . 
  give us some time , maybe we will sort this out . 
  many languages still do some pretty crazy stuff with foreign names . 
  hillary clinton is hilarija klintone in latvian . 
  it 's even more hilarious in czech : hillary clintonov\u00e1 . 
  we have a few old complexes , that we still have to deal with . 
  polish characters , that are non-existent in lithuanian alphabet is not the main problem some polish lithuanians are complaining about , in contrast to what many uninformed people think . 
  their problem is traditional lithuanian phonetic transliteration for foreign names , which is currently used when issuing documents for lithuanian citizens . 
  that 's how ma\u0142gorzata runiewicz-wardyn became malgo\u017eata runevi\u010d-vardyn . 
  that too . 
  of course war is out of question , for heaven 's sake . 
  the article discusses russian import bans , gas trading practices and other threats of economic pressure . 
  poles had a two year trade embargo for their meat exports to russia several years ago . 
  top members of the chinese elite believe that they have a right to restrict each and every fundamental human right of any group of their citizens , if that 's needed to protect the power and authority of the party . 
  that 's why you 're right . 
  they really believe it 's their right to fuck anyone over . 
  but they also want to bring prosperity to the country , and one must admit that they are very successful in transforming china on a scale that never has been seen anywhere in the world . 
  corruption is a huge problem , which undermines both effectiveness and authority of the government . 
  dealing with it is one of the top priorities in china , the government is very open about it in contrast with other much more ... sensitive issues like tibet , taiwan , tiananmen , censorship , democracy , falun gong , etc. 
  take a notice how many corruption trials are going on in china , even in the high ranks of the elite . 
  it 's really not just for show . 
  that guy , jacques , actually used to be one of the leading british marxists back in the day . 
  he 's quite right about many things regarding china and its future place in the world , but in my opinion , he still has a certain fetish for authoritarian regimes , and that shows . 
  i was actually referring to foreign relations , instead of how officials behave with regular citizens . 
  but i agree with your point , as authoritarian tradition heavily affects both internal and external politics . 
  in states like russia and china , government officials are viewed more as superiors , than servants of the public . 
  general population in russia and china has quite a lot of respect for power and approves if the government is relying on it in foreign relations , even if the means could be morally questionable . 
  for example , russians and chinese are quite ok with the fact that their governments support current syrian regime . 
  however , it would be incorrect to presume that russians or chinese expect the government to behave poorly with the citizens . 
  while the threshold of tolerated misbehaviour is higher than in the west , ` not caring ' for the people is being condemned . 
  in fact , chinese elite know this quite well and are working hard to improve the image of the party officials , get rid of corruption and make local governments work for the people . 
  i believe , russian rulers understand this too , but their elite and officials are lacking competence and are not as successful in this regard . 
  well , they can bite , and they do . 
  poles should know this . 
  there is a long standing tradition of authoritarian rule in russia . 
  because of this tradition , politicians can afford being both passively and openly aggressive a lot more often than their western counterparts , who must present themselves in a much more diplomatic way and have to respect the principles of western political thought . 
  expectations of politicians to adhere to respectful behaviour , instead of sheer power , are much lower in russia . 
  realpolitik is a very mainstream idea of how things should be run . 
  it has always been like this , the only exception being late-gorby early-yeltsin period . 
  that being said , the reason for these recent developments is , as the article correctly suggests , the fight for remaining post-soviet territory , mostly for ukraine . 
  russian and european styles of diplomatic and political action are inherently different , as the eu does n't need to force ukraine and other countries to integrate , the countries themselves are often willing to do this . 
  russian sphere of influence has often been expanded and held together either by using force , or applying pressure , nothing has really changed in this regard . 
  anyway , what we 're seeing here is the most fascinating geopolitical development in europe since the breakup of yugoslavia . 
  one can say , that we 're witnessing the final phase of the post cold war era . 
  eu is the leading russian trade partner both in import ( 44 % ) and export ( 40 % ) ( 2011 data ) . 
  in some cases russian government itself is the importer , for example russia relies on german technology to modernise the railway network . 
  i 'm sure , that it 's possible to find one or another way how the eu could retaliate , that would be seen as an adequate option by wto . 
  however , retaliation is a final resort , reserved for the worst case scenario . 
  yeah , i edited my question to word myself better , as i was asking about national teams , not clubs . 
  are there many serbian athletes from srpska who are representing bosnia and herzegovina in individual sports ? 
  do they have much support in srpska ? 
  thanks for answering !, 
  and do serbs from srpska willingly participate in bosnian national teams , or do they tend to acquire serbian nationality ? 
  does serbian participation have effect on fans from srpska ?
