  ok , you got my interest . 
  what 's the story ? 
  that 's not really relevant, 
  i absolutely agree that hungarians had their important roles in creating both a-bomb and h-bomb . 
  i did not argue with it . 
  however , nuclear bomb does not come from hungary . 
  it is a weapon created in america and mostly by americans . 
  hungary can into nuclear and ... wait for it ... thermonuclear weapons . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the infographic claims that the nuclear bomb comes from hungary . 
  in my book that 's extremely far fetched . 
  it 's not only most logical , but also the only official international time and date format , defined by an iso standard . 
  [ sadly , only lithuania , hungary , china , japan , south korea , north korea , mongolia and iran use it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:date_format_by_country.svg ) . 
   ... a number of important inventions come from hungary , like the dynamo ( ... ) and the nuclear bomb , but we do n't really like to talk about that one . 
  i was a bit baffled after reading this , so i had to look it up . 
  it turns out , that a hungarian-american named [ leo szilard ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/le%c3%b3_szil%c3%a1rd ) was the guy who first figured out nuclear chain reactions . 
  this led to the manhattan project ... you know the rest . 
  but claiming that the nuclear bomb comes from hungary is so far fetched , that it makes me cringe . 
  so , please keep not talking about it . 
  i find your choice of words utterly unacceptable . 
  it 's very true that some people may have similar sentiments about the blacks in usa . 
  or about chechens in russia . 
  heck , even about lithuanians in denmark . 
  it 's convenient to jump to quick conclusions based on crime statistics , but failing to see underlying social problems and disregarding historical factors which drive immigrant communities to criminal lifestyle and sometimes even make whole nations more prone to crime problem , makes it so fucking easy to slap a single word over a complex problem . 
  i 'm not a terribly naive person , nor i 'm overly politically correct . 
  and i perfectly understand that there are huge problems with crime * inside * russia . 
  murder stats there are probably way worse than in the baltics . 
  but drawing such single-worded conclusions loaded with prejudice is inappropriate towards all nice law abiding russians . 
  and what if i told you that being kept in the same soviet prison for 50 years , lithuanians , latvians and estonians , we ourselves became a bit more violent and more likely to commit murder ? 
  let me tell you a different story about visaginas , the * only * town in lithuania where majority of population are ethnic russians . 
  it is a planned settlement of 20k residents , which was built during the soviet occupation to house staff of a nearby nuclear plant . 
  a big portion of the population are well educated engineers and qualified workers . 
  it is a very nice community , the town is perfectly clean and high school students are constantly getting the best marks in secondary education exams in entire lithuania . 
  it 's perfectly clear that educated families create a good environment for their children . 
  but one could just jump to a quicker conclusion , ` russians ' . 
  but that would n't be right , would it ? 
  that 's much more than i would have guessed . 
  in this case , the new legislation makes quite a lot of sense . 
  there is a story which goes like this ... garibaldi , who led the italian unification movement once had to seek refuge from his enemies . 
  san marinians provided him protection and were rewarded by having the choice not to join the union . 
  yeah , that 's a bit paradoxical and might be not true at all . 
  maybe someone who 's familiar with history of san marino could elaborate . 
  trying not to jump the gun here , so it 's a serious question . 
  what are the statistics of indeterminate gender for newborns ? 
  i absolutely agree that liberal opinions inside china will get more vocal and the government will have to face it sooner or later . 
  currently , approval rating of the government is unprecedentedly high , but either reaching high living standards , or on the contrary , facing an unexpected stall of economy will make the population ask their leaders for more liberties . 
  i 'm not trying to disprove a current positive trend , and ` skeptical ' would be a wrong term for my opinion . 
  i 'm just not * certain * that india has enough determination and competence to pull off transformation of the chinese scale . 
  and china has been demonstrating a double-digit growth for * decades * . 
  let 's just say that i give a 50/50 chance that we 'll see an economic miracle happening in india . 
  actually , the publication that you have quoted also puts it this way : ` in 2030 india could be the rising economic powerhouse that china is seen to be today ' . 
  ` could ' is the key word there . 
  that means , i can not agree that india can definitely be considered a rising power much like china . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would really like to see it happening , the sooner the better . 
  for shit 's sake , it soon will be the largest country in the world . 
  i certainly hope to see india develop its economy and infrastructure to an acceptable level to claim such title . 
  however , i have yet to be persuaded that a bright future is coming for india . 
  with all respect to a largest democracy in the world , the place often looks like a shithole and their quality standards do n't match chinese . 
  so , that leaves only eu , india and brazil as not-so-scary powers . 
  a strange world we 're living in . 
  one a more serious note , brazil and india should not be considered real powers , nor should be russia . 
  i would only acknowledge usa a superpower title , with china as an emerging one . 
  i also do n't find them particularly scary . 
  and i hope to see eu consolidated a bit more , because calling it a single power when it does n't have a common foreign policy and also an army is a bit too far fetching . 
  it 's only a logical follow up after a recent thread : [ russia worried as ukraine creeps closer to eu ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1k9bvn/russia_worried_as_ukraine_creeps_closer_to_eu/ ) . 
  * most advanced of the ex-yugoslav crowd . 
  living standards almost up to the old eu countries . 
  however , it seems that too much money has been spent in recent years and the country might face big problems because of that . 
  * beautiful mountains and valleys . 
  ljubljana is small , cozy and well kept . 
  country itself is smallish . 
  great motorway network makes it easy to get around . 
  austria and italy are basically next door , i guess that having prosperous neighbours is one of the reasons slovenia has been developing so rapidly . 
  * there was a ` war ' that lasted only a few days when slovenia decided to break away from yugoslavia in the 90s . 
  no ( or almost none ? ), 
  serious fighting took place and secession happened as smooth as possible . 
  * not a basketball superpower , but the national team has been showing some great team sportsmanship during past few tournaments . 
  one of the the teams that are able to kick lithuania 's arse if not treated seriously . 
  eurobasket is about to start in slovenia next month . 
  will be following it closely . 
  * met some middle aged slovenes in italy once . 
  seems that drinking wine and singing is a popular pastime . 
  have n't visited slovenia yet , but the trip is definitely on my to do list . 
  i know some more bits and pieces of trivia about slovenia , but the list would be too long , so these were the main points . 
  ca n't name a single famous slovene , though . 
   will the best solution be to keep the nation states in the federation or will the european map be redesigned into smaller states with close to equal population size a la the german states ? 
  there would be absolutely no need to divide large countries , assuming federalization happens , if ( somewhat ) proportional representation principles remain intact . 
  at least , it seems to work reasonably well for usa , where california is 66 times larger than wyoming ( 38m vs 580k ) . 
  in the uk all restrictions for lithuanians were lifted in 2004 and none were reintroduced since then . 
  scenery . 
  next year !, 
  yay !, 
  i have a dream that one day this union will abolish roaming fees and live out the true meaning of its creed - that we are single market and a real union . 
  i have a dream that one day we will be able to travel from mighty finnish forests to sunny portuguese beaches without worrying about phone bills or juggling different sim cards . 
  i have a dream that one day outrageous data roaming fees , browsing with images turned off while travelling and hunting for free wi-fi will be a thing of a past . 
  i have a dream today !, 
  i 've noticed a lot of their videos being shared and upvoted on reddit . 
  lots of folks seem to buy their ` your media is lying to you , so better listen to us ' agenda . 
  perhaps , that 's why ? 
  [ entities that do not recognise kosovo as an independent state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo#entities_that_do_not_recognise_kosovo_as_an_independent_state ),
