  ( ... ) the decision was motivated by the need to consolidate economic ties with russia and members of the kremlin-led customs union trade bloc . 
  just wanted to say that it 's a pity that you are getting so many downvotes for stating that political agenda should not be aligned with ethnic background . 
  i agree with you , absolutely . 
  yeah , that means that everything that is released by s&p is * junk * , pun intended . 
  since the crisis , no respectable media reports on their ratings , and definitely no businesses use it to assess risk for foreign investment . 
  it 's just wiser to trust sheer intuition than s&p analysis nowadays . 
  / s edit : since you 've expanded your comment :  we should absolutely take it with a massive grain of salt ( ... ) i 'm not saying their analysts suck , who are mere workers . 
  their company policies and strategies akin to `` pay to play '' model borders more on an evil scam rather than an objective and truthful analysis . 
  ... i understand that you imply that s&p has been paid for upgrading lithuanian outlook . 
  i guess , this is a / r/conspiracy worthy discussion . 
  yeah , let 's disregard all their ratings . 
  their analysts suck . 
  i have nothing else to add . 
  you win , i guess . 
   udhr article 13 . 
   ( 1 ) everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each state . 
   ( 2 ) everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country . 
  freedom of unrestricted international travel is not a widely accepted fundamental human right . 
  there are no un documents or other international treaties mentioning such right . 
  please , get your fact straight . 
  also , i must point that udhr is not some kind of an idealistic manifesto . 
  it is a document , which works quite well in many developed countries . 
  there are huge problems in some countries , but there are no articles that are generally ` far from realising ' . 
   important to whom ? 
  certainly not romania , trade between romania and canada is minimal . 
  to western fucking world and its future in the global economy . 
  in case you have n't noticed , china is rapidly developing into a global superpower . 
  economical unit of huge proportion is about to form in asia . 
  the power centre has already started moving to the east . 
  we are forming a single trade area with canada and usa to abolish trade barriers and give maximum possible boost to our connected western economies . 
  it has been on the agenda of western politics as top priority for past several years . 
  these deals are very hard to reach , because some parts of economies are being hurt unavoidably , when trade barriers are lifted . 
  negotiations for this deal with canada lasted for four fucking years . 
  incidentally , / u/taenk has done a [ nice write-up ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1p6pfu/notes_on_ftas/ ) on global trade blocks today . 
  no , the tone would be : `` romania , we are trying to create transatlantic economic powerhouse , existence of which is both very hard to negotiate for , and very important for our future . 
  it 's unfair to romanian people that the czech will not need visas to enter canada , while both czechs and romanians cause some migration problems there . 
  yes , czechs manipulated canadians into this . 
  but romania , please do n't protect your interests in expense of all other countries . 
  the deal is ready , it is much more important than your canadian visas , please do n't be a dick and ratify it . 
  romania , free trade deal with usa will soon be on the table as well . 
  we know that you need american visas too and we hope that you are not thinking what we 're thinking . '', 
  musk looks like shit . 
  either jetlagged , or after a serious party . 
   romania has the right to sign or not sign a trade treaty . 
  correct . 
  my statement was not `` romania , you ca n't do this '' , it was `` romania , please do n't do this '' . 
  you have every right to think that visa regimes are equal to sub-par people status . 
  but there are many criteria that different countries use when deciding visa policy for citizens of specific countries . 
  a few of them : * strategic relations and political blocks ( that 's why you need a visa when travelling to russia , but someone from belarus does n't , latvian citizens are ` sub-par people ' in this case ) * potential revenue from incoming tourists ( russians constitute a large part of tourists in turkey , so they do n't need a visa to enter , but americans have to pay for it , american citizens are ` sub-par people ' in this case ) * breaches in visa regime : overstaying and illegal immigration ( that 's the reason canadians reintroduced visa regime for czechs and keep it for romanians , while latvians can enter canada freely , czech and romanian citizens * were * ` sub-par people ' in this case ) it seems that the czech managed to bully canada into lifting the visa regime silently , while romanians are trying to do the same in more open and loud way . 
  why are czech and romanian citizens treated differently ? 
  why romanians are ` sub-par people ' ? 
  answer is that the czech were more successful in blackmailing canada . 
  does canada have the right decide on its immigration policy ? 
  sure . 
  is this fair to romanian people ? 
  definitely , no . 
  does that mean that it 's ok for romania to threaten to derail the free trade agreement between canada and whole eu while trying to solve visa problems for their citizens ? 
  well , not in my book . 
  i would certainly be disappointed . 
  i do n't know anything about the czech situation . 
  please give a reference to czechs abusing their veto power , and i 'll be happy to condemn them too . 
  edit : i 've looked it up . 
  it seems that the czech have really threatened canadians to veto the agreement . 
  there is actually a difference that they managed to do this not publicly , without open threats to derail the agreement . 
  nevertheless , i think that this is a bad practice and czech example should not be followed . 
  abusing veto power to push unrelated agenda is not a good practice in my book . 
  be it france , greece , romania or any other country . 
  yes , i also believe that we should push european federalisation , so we can have unified foreign policy and start negotiating visa agreements with non-european countries on behalf of the whole eu . 
  but this is not canadian problem . 
  canadian government keeps separate foreign policy relations with european countries . 
  they decide on a visa free regime on a per-country basis . 
  this is absolutely normal . 
  the eu can not ` battle for this ' , it does not have the legal power for it . 
  yet . 
  we have our foreign ministries and diplomatic missions to do this job . 
  and we do it separately . 
  yet . 
   the act they commited is highly illegal and for perfectly valid and good reasons . 
  i guess '' hooliganism '' give them more flexibility to select an adequate punishment no doubt that they should be punished for what they did . 
  i strongly believe that trying to board that rig was not acceptable and deserves punishment . 
  i just presented my view on russian law and ` hooliganism ' . 
  that 's it . 
   here 's another perspective : there is a human right called freedom of movement . 
  visas are a limitation to this right . 
  it is true , there are some radical liberals who argue that freedom of movement should not be restricted on international level . 
  but widely accepted fundamental human right to movement does not have to do anything with immigration control . 
  no un documents speak about such thing , it is not mentioned in universal declaration of human rights or anywhere else . 
  freedom of movement ( conventional understanding of it ) asserts that a citizen of a state in which that citizen is present has the liberty to travel , reside in , and/or work in any part of the state where one pleases within the limits of respect for the liberty and rights of others , and to leave that state and return at any time . 
  period . 
   in principle visas should not exist , but they do exist for practical reasons . 
  in principle fences around private property should not exist too , but they do exist for practical reasons . 
   it 's only logical that free trade ( free movement of goods ) should come with free movement of people . 
  could you elaborate on why it is illogical to separate free trade and free movement of people ? 
  i will give you an example so you can start your reasoning . 
  both usa and mexico are members of nafta . 
  among other things , this allows mexico to sell their stuff on american market more easily . 
  that 's actually very helpful to mexican companies and mexico is quite happy to be a part of this agreement . 
  now what would be the logical connection of free trade with liberation of movement of mexican workers into usa ? 
  would it be logical to demand usa to open up the borders for the workers to come more easily if mexican exports are arriving quite easily ? 
  where is the connection between goods and people ?
