  discussions and perhaps a referendum ( already a second one ) ahead . 
  also , plans to build a high capacity power link to poland announced . 
  this will switch lithuania from ex-ussr into european power grid . 
  * legalizing ritual slaughter of livestock for kosher and halal food under consideration . 
  seeking to expand exports after poland imposed a ban . 
  * german police catch a man who raped and killed lithuanian exchange student in manheim a few weeks ago . 
  * 10 year old boy dissapears . 
  is found the next day alive and well deep in an uncovered manhole in a remote area of kaunas . 
  media is happy . 
  everybody happy . 
  * building of lithuanian special mission in kabul , afghanistan sustains damage after explosion . 
  no casualties . 
  * lithuania loses fifa qualifier match to bosnia and herzegovina in front of thousands of visiting bosnian fans in kaunas and sends b&h to the world cup in brazil . 
  i support the cause , but the phrasing sounds a bit like taken out from a g.w. 
  bush speech . 
  of course , i 'm not arguing that russia is shamefully bullying the countries that wish to get out their sphere of influence and to integrate to the eu . 
  we are the good guys , ta daa . 
  an obligatory comical sketch by bbc news ( sic !, 
  ) : [ the politics of food in russia . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcrd4ny20w ), 
  these things are called criteria . 
  a state is an organisation , which serves more than one purpose . 
  it is impossible to define one objective formula to measure improvement of a country . 
  it 's quite clear , that the answer to your question is not albania or moldova ( sorry , guys , nothing personal ) . 
  but when we compare more successful post-communist countries , we need to define criteria that we use to judge their improvement . 
  many purposes of the state is also the reason why it would be impossible to objectively tell which country is the most successful in the world . 
  it would be very hard to find a definite answer using all these components . 
  there is human development index ( hdi ) , using which ` development ' is sometimes measured by combining criteria that are defining income , education and life expectancy . 
  however , changes in hdi do not present the transformation of cities , elections , new transport infrastructure , ability to travel abroad , ability to do business , etc. 
  i could go on . 
  so , hdi does not have much use here . 
  and there simply is no other objective index that could be used to give one answer to your question . 
  * place that underwent the most mind boggling transformation , visible to a naked eye , could very well be moscow . 
  * infrastructure development is mostly visible in poland . 
  general view of the country , including how cities and towns look , has improved a lot . 
  * the baltics have transformed tremendously , including full introduction of free market and private property . 
  estonia is arguably the leader in many criteria , but lithuania and latvia are close . 
  * industry and business has * boomed * in slovakia . 
  slovakia is the largest car producer per capita in the world now . 
  * east germany is a special case altogether . 
  it is a free country now , an integral part ( plus the capital ) of the main european powerhouse . 
  how 's that for ` improving ' ? 
  * etc. 
  define * improved * . 
  quality of life ? 
  economy ? 
  human rights and political freedoms ? 
  environment and infrastructure ? 
  remember when everything was about oil and gas ? 
  not any more !, 
  everything is about cheese and poutine now . 
  my bad . 
  according to this obscure [ post ] ( http://www.neon.de/bilder/bild/dat-imperium-knippelt-retour/844786/830592 ) , it is . 
  i had no reason to doubt it . 
  what language is this then ? 
  i do n't think that a movie poster would have been printed in some regional german dialect . 
  i also do n't imagine that anyone besides luxemburgians would use word * retour * in an otherwise germanic sentence . 
  is it possible that this poster is a practical joke , making fun of luxembourgish ? 
  luxembourgish may sound funny , but is quite closely related to german . 
  with lots of french loanwords in the mix : [ dat imperium knippelt retour . 
  no , it is not related . 
  presidency of the council of the european union rotates every six months between all members of the eu . 
  ten non-permanent members of the un security council are elected by all un member countries for a two year term . 
  lithuania has been trying hard to get this seat for quite some time already . 
  africa has 3 seats . 
  chad has taken one of them . 
  for two years , lithuania will hold the seat , that belongs to un eastern european group ( albania , armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , bosnia and herzegovina , bulgaria , croatia , czech republic , estonia , georgia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , macedonia , moldova , montenegro , poland , romania , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , ukraine ) . 
  russia , also in this group , is one of five permanent members of the security council . 
  to achieve being elected , potential votes of un members have to be consolidated beforehand . 
  our foreign ministry says it was done mostly to gain weight on the international arena . 
   rail baltica would run at a maximum of 240kmph , and would depend on slower-moving freight to make it pay . 
  this article is a mess . 
  it confuses different stages of rb , basically different projects altogether : slower speed 120 kmph mixed use railway ( ongoing project ) and 240 kmph high speed passenger railway ( sometime in the distant future if the eu pays for it ) . 
  lithuania has always been extremely valuable for russia as a buffer zone in a traditional geopolitical sense . 
  lithuania ( together with poland and belarus ) is located where northern european plain joins eastern european plain . 
  it is an easily passable natural corridor , that can be used for moving large armies . 
  russia has experienced three devastating invasions . 
  one was carried out by napoleon , others happened during ww1 and ww2 . 
  all these armies went right through lithuania . 
  i 'm sure , it 's extremely unlikely for a war to break out between russia and europe . 
  also , the war itself is a lot different than it used to be . 
  but this outdated geopolitical reasoning gives an answer why russian government still thinks that truly independent lithuania represents a threat to russian national security . 
  really amazing photography and custom design for presentation of the article . 
  kudos to ny times for this one . 
  more like ` damn , british movie industry !, 
  and damn these highly successful czech subcontractors too ! ', 
  that 's correct , this is a very real italian-made czech pendolino train . 
  i guess , the scene was shot on a regular 1st class carriage on some of these trains . 
  but i would n't actually expect such posh restaurant-style service on board , as shown in this movie . 
   embargo against lithuanian milk was [ lifted after 3 days ] ( http://lenta.ru/news/2013/10/09/border/ ) , there are rumors about mass protests in russian kaliningrad - where lithuanian milk is majority of dairy products ; nope , dairy import ban is still very much in place . 
  extra lengthy custom check procedures for lithuanian trucks , that used to be enforced recently , have been lifted . 
  commercial traffic is once again able to cross russian border in several hours instead of days and even weeks . 
  and rides an extremely classy montenegrin train with a gorgeous lady !, 
  ( [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5c7lmowyyc ) ) . 
  psst : most scenes of that movie were shot in the czech republic , not in actual montenegro . 
   the world 's largest wind turbine has rotator blades the size of an airbus . 
  you know that european aviation industry is doing not that bad , when american media measures big stuff in airbuses and not boeings . 
  and this is your first post on reddit ? 
  according to lithuanian law , public denial of nazi and soviet crimes against residents of lithuania is forbidden . 
  this law is quite similar to laws against denial of holocaust or armenian genocide , which are effective in many other european states .
