  what are you literally talking about ? 
  just go away with that bizarre bullshit . 
  hey , you 're still firmly part of a good , unified democratic europe now . 
  in direct comparison with western nations . 
  just imagine what our parents would think of such a possibility 25 , 30 years ago ? 
  it 's an encouraging thought that so much progress has been made in such short time !, 
  i remember people lashing out at [ baltasar garzon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltasar_garz%c3%b3n#francoist_atrocities ) when he tried to exhume some mass graves and investigate crimes against humanity perpetrated by franco during the civil war and throughout his regime . 
  i simply could n't understand it - people preferred to let it be , to `` let sleeping dogs lie '' than to actually face the barbarity that went on as recently as one or two generations ago . 
  it 's bizarre , a kind of mass denial . 
  thank you , much appreciated, 
  it 's an absolutely egregious violation on part of the state to intrude and disrupt somebody 's life like that . 
  acknowledgement and apologies should be the absolute bare minimum , with compensation in order . 
  yup . 
  people comparing muslims to nazis and getting upvoted a bunch , for example . 
  i find that gross . 
  the entire sub is pretty gross these days . 
  all this jingoism ; does nobody remember the years lost in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  a handful of despicable terror attacks does n't just invalidate all of that recent history . 
  that sort of incendiary language was exactly what got so many languages involved with the saddam regime invasion after all . 
  there are better and smarter ways to respond to terrorist provocation than boots on the ground and more lives and money shed in the sand abroad . 
  so strange seeing comments like this downvoted . 
  this subreddit has changed so , so much in such a short amount of time . 
  forget it . 
  * `` muslims are nazis !, 
  '' * - / r/europe, 
  i know its a very sensitive time and people are very rattled up , but to just blatantly call all muslims nazis is absurd and as ignorant and intolerant as those who preach hatred justified with radical fundamentalism . 
  for every handful of islamic terrorists , there are _ millions _ of ordinary peaceful muslim citizens who are misrepresented and consequently demonised by the gross caricatures that terrorists gleefully display out to the world . 
  the answer to violent hateful intolerance is not more generalised hateful intolerance . 
  coastal cities are so much nicer . 
  i swear , lisboa is one of my favourite across the whole of europe . 
  talk about it ; november is n't supposed to be summery !, 
  madrid can be such a desert town i swear . 
  nah , we could n't . 
  we 're only entering further protracted legal battles . 
  no '67 czechoslovakia here . 
  yeah , advocating the breakup of others ' countries is great amusement for bored , unempathic strangers . 
  jerk . 
  with all the tax-dodging smuggling going on at the border , i think it would not exactly be uncalled for - not for the whole population of course . 
  our cuisine is basically a state secret , a national resource as important as oil to the norwegians . 
  people downvoting you , hah . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's not true . 
  so silly . 
  it seems a little distasteful to refer to demographics that way . 
  if any moldavians are around that 'd be fantastic , but i said romanians because i see them far more often on this sub and a few seem to have a good grasp on the affairs of their close neighbour . 
  what is going on in moldavia recently ? 
  can any romanians provide input ? 
  is there any risk of further escalation ; could this potentially devolve into armed conflict ? 
  i assume not of course , but with transnistria and foreign influence so close by who knows . 
  this subreddit most certainly does not represent the entirety of europe nor the opinions of all europeans . 
  it boasts 506,000 subscribers out of an eu population of 503 million , or roughly just over 0.1 % . 
  ( let 's be generous and assume every last one of these subscribers is european , despite the massive american presence on reddit extending itself onto this subreddit , not to mention others like canadians , etc ) . 
  this userbase has historically been comprised only of european enthusiasts , mostly pro-eu , although lately it is a geo-default for new european redditors . 
  of course , this only means the people here tend to represent general demographics of those who tend to use reddit ( mostly white , middle class , young ) , and within those only the ones who care enough to participate and share their opinions . 
  in short , get some perspective . 
  it is massively ignorant to think that because some meanies disagreed with you on an online forum , the rest of the eu hates your country . 
  grow up . 
  god damn moustache-wived fishermen, 
  oh is that how democracy works ? 
  i guess i should set fire to whatever i want to voice my dissatisfaction about . 
  hey , we 've all head about godly romanian internet . 
  that 's enticing enough for a lot of us ( not to mention , latin culture best culture all day everyday ), 
  the flag of the former [ republic of venice ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b1/flag_of_most_serene_republic_of_venice.svg/600px-flag_of_most_serene_republic_of_venice.svg.png ) , especially when contrasted with the current flag of the [ region of veneto ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/flag_of_veneto.svg/630px-flag_of_veneto.svg.png ) . 
  the choice is between hillary clinton and donald trump and she 's intolerant and regressive ? 
  this sub 's politicking is really starting to frustrate me, 
   the ** supreme court ** will end up abolishing the death penalty yeah , about that . 
  meh , that second post . 
  in that case op would be a hypocrite and can now enjoy the bitter fruits of their beliefs . 
  taste their own medicine, 
  op is n't to blame for the hate mongering of opportunistic politicians in their country . 
  in as diverse and multicultural a setting as this , people forget to remember the individual , and categorise by flag . 
  by origin . 
  it 's not a happy thing to do , and in fact i feel the entire point of the european project is to change that sort of tribalism and move beyond it - celebrating our collective heritage while not necessarily letting it divide us . 
  i 'm sorry you feel this way , and i totally understand why . 
  if we all collectively condemn the rise of abuse toward minorities and immigrants in a post-referendum uk , then we equally should condemn treating our british members with active disdain because of the majority vote of their countrymen . 
  it 's altogether unfortunate , but i would remind people to focus on the individual , not the flag . 
  the current year in today 's context is meant to highlight the ubiquity of information media and knowledge at everyone 's disposal . 
  we have the entire wealth of human knowledge at our fingertips , and all the actual facts are out there . 
  it 's an appeal for responsible civics , to do your due diligence as a voting member of the public when such monumentally important matters of the state come up , instead of just believing the first twat on the telly or tabloid who tells you exactly what you want to hear, 
  nonono , it 's just that the french are invading so we 've moved our capital to new spain and / r/europe 's showing you all our overseas territories or something, 
  que quieeeres , it 's merienda time here let us live in peace, 
  dated a finnish girl who said cheek kissing and the metro were traumatising at first haha, 
  europe has n't had a monopoly on regional warfare at all ; loads of other diverse areas have had their fair share of political conflict . 
  the indian subcontinent , mesoamerica , east asia , western africa, 
  i abhor this american style reporting with this crappy , action-packed emotive language . 
  `` blasts '' , `` slams '' . 
  it 's bad for society if this is what today 's journalism equates to, 
  the english * are * strange . 
  i do n't think so at all actually . 
  the eu is all about unity in diversity , strength in numbers and so forth . 
  nationalist rhetoric runs against that narrative , on self reliance and independence and such . 
  not to mention both the eu and her member states implicitly and explicitly defends the current member states ' interests against hypothetical future separatist candidates . 
  territorial national sovereignty is sacred , and so any new nation splitting off from an old one is both automatically a non-eu state as well likely never getting the chance to become one down the line without the assent of the nation from which it split from in the first place , since all eu member states need to ratify the membership of new candidates ( i.e. 
  not qmv ) , meaning every country has a veto . 
  this means that both the original member state as well as others wishing to show solidarity and discourage separatists of their own would vote against the new member , the end result being unilateral secession would absolutely be discouraged within both the eu institutional framework but also by the greater european powers . 
  bilateral agreements where things are done along the books and without bad blood are a different story , since they would have a future avenue to eu membership , but it could be years if not decades - still as discouraging to eu-positive populations as ever . 
  tl ; dr the eu actually helps keep countries together and dissuade seperatists ( after all , one of if not the biggest argument against a yes vote in the scottish referendum was staying within the eu . 
  not that it did them a lot of good , but that 's a different story ... ), 
  know the feeling, 
  [ it was originally used for the spanish empire , mainly in the 16th and 17th centuries . 
  its most notable use is in reference to the british empire , mainly in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
