have n't you heard , the greatest minds in arts and sciences are only really as valuable as their ability to produce quick digestible quotes and platitudes for people to assume as gospel wisdom for a minute or two ( insofar as they agree with the agenda of the day ) and then promptly completely forget about soon thereafter . 
  we say it better though fam, 
  so how 's those soyuz flights going, 
  us madrile\u00f1os actually eat catalan babies for christmas dinner , it 's quite the local delicacy . 
  the language thing is horrible here . 
  it 's awful how there 's no serious effort to learn not just any other languages properly , but at least the lingua franca . 
  come on . 
  yeah , same here . 
  i think it 's a pretty important year and we 'll see a return to older turnout percentages , if not record turnout . 
  i 'm really excited - big new step today !, 
  well well , this should make things interesting - an end to bipartidismo indeed, 
  i 'd place c 's 2nd and podemos 4th given recent polls, 
  does that include publicising sensitive and unnecessary graphic images of someone 's decapitated son ? 
  the senselessness and violence of these events can be condemned and discussed without resorting to tasteless , sensationalist imagery which insults the victim and their family . 
  greek people who learn spanish often have little to no accent at all ; i believe our languages share lots of sounds . 
  politicising victims of terrorism and such violence is despicable , especially when it goes against the wishes of their bereaved . 
  and so slides this sub ever lower . 
  i see . 
  apologies then ... 
  i 'm over-sensitive to foreigners with agendas flocking to regional subs and pushing locals out . 
  this is / r/europe , not / r/vaguelywesternantibaddies . 
  go ruin another sub . 
  just to add in my own perspective , i generally feel closer to other southern europeans ( italians , french and portuguese specifically ) than most latin american countries . 
  linguistic and historic ties exist , absolutely , but so do cultural divergences over two centuries of separation . 
  well i mean , that much is obvious . 
  there are significant portions of both euskadi and catalunya under french control from centuries ago , and unlike spain , centralisation is huge over there and regional tongues are constantly endangered ( beyond basque and catala , just think of occitan and breton ) . 
  of course , what are we to do about that - boycott an ally because of old minority territorial inconsistencies ? 
  the best thing to do , which i think is being done , is to respect and encourage the flourishing of regional culture within our own borders instead of trying to fan the flames of pan-basque nationalism which will get nowhere and only stress relations between all parties involved . 
  one completely demeaning other such opinions opposed to your own , yes . 
  implying your position to be the sole purveyor of sanity and thus condemning those with different beliefs as insane is childish , intolerant , polarising and simply unworthy of the democratic tradition . 
  i mean , so is the epic of gilgamesh, 
  with very good reason - two iberian fascist holdovers from the 30s , joining western european liberal democracies ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i definitely agree that turkey in its current state and for the forseeable future is simply not eu material . 
  i only meant to convey that there were other such populations in the eastern bloc that , due to matters of history , adapted and grew much closer to western european standards . 
  of course , turkey is much further away , and who 's to say that such a change could ever occur - only that it 's not inconceivable or unprecedented . 
  people in the 80s would probably say that about poland , bulgaria , and other such countries behind the iron curtain ever joining the eec or ( gasp ) nato . 
  who knows what time may bring . 
  ridiculously cheap beer , beautiful prague , pretty girls ; it 's quite tempting actually . 
  wonderful news . 
  the resurgence of the basque language and other regional identities in post-franco spain is one of our greatest cultural assets . 
  hopefully such distinctions will celebrated and enshrined into the fabric of the nation in future days , instead of a fracturing of the country . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/controversial_invocations_of_the_patriot_act] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/controversial_invocations_of_the_patriot_act ) has the sub come down to hailing the patriot act now ? 
  never thought i 'd see the day . 
  oh i remember that . 
  did that turn out to be false/propagandistic ? 
  it took us nearly eight centuries , so you never know !, 
  with jerez and putas, 
  it 's very recent , unfortunately . 
  the sub used to be much more pleasant and tolerant . 
  for the past half year , it 's gone nuts really . 
  we have the exact same experience with the persianas ( blinds ) here in madrid , as well as the same models , haha . 
  i 'd be hispanic , code for brownie, 
  that 's not really a fair comparison though ? 
  our nation is not part of nor tied to mongolia or its military in any way , nor does our relations with it and within it have a great impact on shaping our geopolitical future both in the near and distant future . 
  we do n't have an upcoming referendum on our relationship with the mongolian military . 
  what i 'm getting at is that britain 's position with the eu is incomparable to some random distant nation 's bureaucratic structure in terms of immediate relevance . 
  of course , this is not a problem unique to the uk , but is one that will gravely impact the british population moreso than any other because of the upcoming referendum which might be conducted under an air of misinformation or ignorance . 
  i would characterise this a failing of the eu in terms of transparency and public outreach ( as opposed to , say , `` the english are all dumdums see ?!, 
  '' ) , but i will suggest that the uk stands the most to lose from it currently given the historic nature of the referendum and the absolute importance of clarity in regards to deciding on a future course at a national level . 
  as a polsci graduate myself , i wonder what they 're teaching over there . 
  if that 's the kind of people and behaviour they 're pumping out into the system ... well , that explains russia i guess . 
  ah , the caucasian belgium, 
  and i thought cold war hysteria and mccarthyism was stupid - at least it was n't the literal burning of effigies . 
  ah yes , the [ new multipla ] ( http://5z3udk.assets-01.cdndrive.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/fiat-multiplia.jpg ) is like the [ goblin shark ] ( https://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/fish/gallery/descript/goblinshark/goblinjaw.jpg ) of cars . 
  shame too , because the original [ 600 multiplas ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/1960_fiat_multipla_taxi_roma.jpg ) were much nicer . 
  then again , i 'm an absolute sucker for 60s design , especially in cars . 
  i shall never understand the collective insanity that was the brutalism craze . 
  well that 's definitely true too . 
  in summer for example , families can often be seen outside even until midnight . 
  i prepare my urfa kebab in ways you probably have n't even heard of . 
  yeah , it 's true ; there 's lots of apartment culture here . 
  people own the flat they live in , usually , instead of going for a house . 
  here in madrid , i do n't really see many individual houses at all beyond a few rich suburbs . 
  even normal suburbs like barajas have mostly flats . 
  in contrast , when i was in england it was all brick townhouses everywhere . 
  even in crappy districts of crappy towns like coventry , people had their own vertical home . 
  it 's a curious cultural contrast for sure . 
  i mean i know houses are usually preferred , and having grown up in them myself i will say i dearly miss gardens , but i also ca n't say that flats here are bad - in fact , they can be quite cosy , with good reasonable size and often nice little terraces which albeit can be narrow . 
  on higher floors you get really nice roof gardens and patios , though . 
  depending on where you are , you might also luck into having a nice community from the get-go with good neighbours in the building . 
  who 's saying it 's okay ? 
  the article does n't say anything about that ; the entire point of the article and the discussion is that such behaviour in formative educational institutions is unacceptable . 
  i do n't see any hypothetical feminists turning a blind eye to this . 
  furthermore , where are these hypothetical women lashing out at these hypothetical white males ? 
  how is any of that relevant to the article ? 
  are n't you just regurgitating yet another tired reddit memetic stereotype ? 
  the feminists who only get aggressive with men they know wo n't hit them , apparently . 
  i mean , i do n't know who you 're talking about , but okay . 
  as long as it panders to classic reddit stereotypes . 
  those darn imaginary people we can make up and collectively angerwank over furiously, 
  yeah , we should sacrifice the personal freedoms of undesirables . 
  dae european values ? 
  it was much , much better relatively recently . 
  like , half a year or so . 
  i mean , it still had problems , but , y' know . 
  geo-defaulting , the refugee crisis attracting lots of specific personalities , etc , has very visibly damaged the tone of the subreddit i feel . 
  it used to be one of my places on the website . 
  what ? 
  what kind of calibre commentary is that ?
