  we have numerous second language speakers with german , vietnamese , tagalog , and french being the most spoken languages in across the states in substantial minorities after english and spanish ( with spanish being our majority second language of course . 
  this is all resultant because of immigration from numerous places across the globe . 
  most obviously europe , south america and asia . 
  also , when an immigrant gets citizenship , they are an american . 
  i do n't mean in a technical sense , i mean its a 180 , we now consider you american now . 
  as a general rule , most americans view immigrants that have obtained citizenship legally as positive , regardless of where they are from , and what they believe in etc. 
  there are always exceptions obviously , and i know we are n't unique entirely in that aspect , but its definitely a part of our culture . 
  it should be noted our `` acceptance '' is of them as a peer though , that is to say , we recognize and acknowledge them to be of the same nationality fully . 
  we also praise hard work , determination and getting ahead on your on , thus why its so hard to implement social welfare policy if anyone is curious . 
  tl : dr : our culture is a melting pot of other cultures that comes from being a nation made up mostly of immigrants from around the world . 
  we pride ourselves for our hard working middle class , and are relatively accepting of immigrants compared to many countries . 
  even considering our economy `` coughed '' a bit in 2008 and the whole world felt it ? 
  say what you will , american economic power globally is very real . 
  as far as i know ? 
  technically possible , probably definitely possible in smaller towns . 
  in practice any town worth mentioning is going to have an establishment positive incumbent in place , and since most places have no limit on terms , well hopefully you see the problem . 
  wider system are in play , politics is not an island : how the delegates vote are decided before dnc event starts no ? 
  and this is based on how the state votes yes ? 
  so even if the internal vote is not , the external function to vote for the delegates is fptp , and therefore taints the results of the nomination . 
  thus : spoiler effect . 
   that opponent is now running for the democrats party . 
  sanders ? 
  he officially `` lost '' the nomination to hillary , although only with substantial effort on hillary and her supporter crowd party to swing the internal vote in an undemocratic way . 
  now its onto the general election , with two candidates neither party nor its supporters really supports fully . 
   congress we have a congress * and * a senate . 
  although to be fair i do n't know how they are run either , i can say its not so much run as `` they have a majority '' , which gives them control . 
  parties are not an official part of american politics , but rather are de facto . 
   sometimes more than the average american . 
  i 'd believe it , we are seemingly intentionally not taught our political system in-depth , because its basic principles , just enough to be able to vote , not enough to understand why the vote is n't fair , or just , or worth anything . 
   people do n't really think the war on terror was a good idea and ` american culture ' got a more trashy image . 
  outside conservative politics here in the usa , there was no one that thought of it as a good idea as far as i understand , inside conservative politics , anyone that understood the situation and what would happen with the `` war on terror '' did n't think it was a good idea either . 
   ` did you see biden 's speech at the dnc ? 
  - yeah , he 's a really good speaker but it does n't seem like he did a lot as vp . 
  you know , vp is largely a position of `` advisory and counsel to the president '' as well as the `` official position to succeed the position of potus in the event of untimely death or dismissal '' . 
  it was n't until the first president to die while in office that vice president started to be less of a joke in american politics . 
  until that point is was seen as being `` reassigned to siberia '' in essence , a useless position of little power . 
   older people are more positive about the us usually since the news we used to get about the us was more positive . 
  such as what ? 
  any bad news is well , best way to put it into perspective is from an internal view , our goverment is being run more and more like a `` banana republic '' . 
  corporations are being given even more rights and concessions whilst the politicians do less and less to fix the problems ailing the populace . 
  even basic things like maintaining our infrastructure properly . 
   you need to have a lot of cash to be a successful politician . 
  in the millions , and you need the support of the existing establishment . 
  there is little room to be an independent . 
   australian pm being reelected was n't the top story on the bbc again ? 
  is n't this their 6th one in the last few years ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  trump is already king , this election is to make him supreme emperor of earth . 
   you 're the only ones who thought yourself more important than the continent . 
  or maybe no country on either continent has any notion of a shared `` geopolitical identity '' ? 
  it gets weirder when we do actually have one popular independent ( bernie sanders ) running under the democratic party with a 48 % support , and yet hillary still gets the nomination because of the `` spoiler effect '' that is common in `` first past the post '' voting systems . 
  anyway , its over , hillary got the nomination , and americans get to see that their voice means less and less to the people in power here . 
   realistically speaking , everyone from north and south america are american . 
  not really , since those countries think of themselves as canadians , mexicans , brazilians , hondurans , chileans , argentinians , venezuelans , bolivians etc etc. 
  geographically its correct , but culturally i do n't think any of them consider themselves a group of countries on the same two interconnected continents . 
   trump vs. clinton i doubt it will be trump . 
  he is anti-establishment , that sort of thing will kill you career before it even starts here in the usa . 
  clinton on the other hand is more than willing to bend over backwards and take it . 
  for context though i do n't want either of them to win . 
  trump only got nominated because of a number of loopholes that allowed him to get nominations from states without a majority , whereas clinton has an enormous amount of fraud , scandal and serious vote manipulation surrounding her , the dnc and the democratic party in general . 
  neither of them are really what americans wanted , we 'd rather vote a progressive or a libertarian , or a green party candidate . 
  however these sort of things are murder for your career in the usa . 
  the establishment , both in goverment and in the corporate office kill these things long before they become serious usually . 
  we are essentially run like a `` banana state '' . 
   they vote on how they want their state 's electoral college voters to vote , which is subtly different . 
  actually its really different for two reasons , for one , not all states have legislation requiring their electorates do this , and for two , our electorates are well , i could n't name one . 
  that is exactly the point , we are n't really taught much about who is an electorate in our individual states etc. 
  we 've had at least three incidents where electorates have voted outside their states intended . 
   district of columbia . 
  as far as i understand they get local representation but no real voice within federal goverment . 
   judges are appointed for life by the president . 
  this is huge deal since this sets the precedent for what our laws will be shaped into for the next xx number of years . 
  more liberal judges means more liberal legislation gets through and more conservative legislation might be struck down etc. 
  more importantly it means a more liberal or conservative leaning precedent is set over a period of years depending on who is the majority within the chairs . 
   democrats are authoritarian communists and the republicans are fascists . 
  i suspect things are a lot more moderate than that !, 
  no its little on the nose , but that pretty much sums things up . 
  although `` communism '' as in stalinist would be appropriate for what many of the higher ups in both the democrat and republican parties seem to be keen on implementing in the usa . 
  we are already pretty much ran like a `` banana state '' . 
   we all understand on average about 57-59 % what do you understand ? 
   if you consider `` america '' as a continent . 
  it is north america , and the usa is the only country on it as far as i know with america in its official title . 
  so i do n't really see the point of the comment . 
  there is reason for calling the usa `` america '' short hand . 
   i mean the general election , not the entire long election season . 
  the general election honestly is n't quite as important as the rest of the season . 
  the months leading up to the election ultimately determine who is running , going to win , and who is supporting them . 
  the election is essentially won before the general election is even started , and yes that is corrupt . 
   two political parties ( some may wrongly believe it 's officially so , not just de-facto ) we actually have many officially registered parties , however only two have consistent and strong power in goverment . 
  also parties are private organizations not official parts of the election process . 
  which means their internal politics are not strictly able to be regulated by the goverment through goverment mandate . 
  this can turn out to be pretty corrupt , as has been shown so far in this election cycle actually . 
   country is federal with individual states having a high degree of independence . 
  `` laboratories of democracy '' has been used to describe them , because of the diverse geopolitical issues that effects each one . 
  yeah , americans are not trusting of our goverment . 
  if you 've been following american politics , you 'd quickly found out why . 
  our entire system is genuinely rigged against us . 
  short of an armed revolution , its probably never going to change . 
  because of this , we 'd soon trust companies over goverment . 
  they both equally want to screw us and take more than their fair share of our money , but at least companies are honest about it .
