  my money 's on either cheese or bread , we 'll see !, 
  i doubt it ; more than likely it will be more deep fried crap ; unless someone comes up with deep fried cheese balls or something ... too late actually , we 've got deep fried cheese filled hush puppies . 
   black pudding and haggis its steaks are rarely less than well done here . 
  we usually avoid organs for parts of the animal that are rich in muscles . 
  its not surprising . 
   names of styles of cheese and that there 's no reason that they ca n't make a cheese in wisconsin and label it `` pecorino romano '' . 
  i can already think of several things wrong with that statement . 
  first off ... wisconsin is in that statement , secondly `` wisconsin pecorino romano '' just does n't have the same ring to it . 
  it looks ... healthy . 
  i do n't know why but it looks healthy , its probably because it has any salad at all . 
  noted . 
  americans cheese making companies just take your cheeses and make shitty knock-offs i am fairly sure . 
  we do n't have this problem because vinegar is in practically half the things we eating , including everyone 's favorite condiment ; ketchup . 
  what is this ? 
  interesting ; so wait , because i ca n't quite understand it ; how much salt do you guys have in your food ? 
  its hard to fathom another country beating us to it . 
  who would be the saltiest then ? 
  well for reference : its basically milk , whey , and then the rest are chemicals for flavor , preservation and color . 
  we definitely have whole rounds and blocks of cheese in stores , but its not a big product compared to convenience `` cheese '' products . 
  if you go to store that has a deli or if you can find one stand alone , you can probably either buy a round or block of cheese whole , or have it pre-cut into slices for sandwiches . 
  i know one of the local supermarket chains in my area offers it , they selection is `` okay '' . 
  not sure if you 'd consider `` real cheese '' though . 
  its not . 
  ^ i ^ am ^ so ^ sorry . 
  this reminds me ; there is at least one restaurant that offers putting real gold flakes on your food . 
  also ... how do we get our salt ? 
  if anything i always thought our food was the saltiest around . 
  is n't it ? 
  usually cheese goes on things , and is almost never stand alone . 
  only kind of `` cheese '' i 've seen on its own is string cheese , have fun looking up that marvelous invention . 
  common uses of cheese here include on cold cut sandwiches , loaded baked potatoes , burritos , really ; everything . 
  if its any kind of sandwich , it probably has cheese . 
  well for a start ; cheese-in-a-can is really more a milk and whey product . 
  its colored and flavored to taste like american cheese , notice there is no and ; people actually are bothered and wo n't eat it or claim it does n't taste `` american '' if its not yellow , which naturally colored , american is closer to a pale white . 
  also that good to know , 
  shredded , mixed together , put unto a flour tortilla ( type of flat bread roll ) . 
  refried beans on the bottom , layer with cheese , sour cream , possibly beef . 
  we call this marvelous creation : a burrito . 
  what a fascinating idea . 
  ^ we ^ have ^ this ^ too ^ but ^ please ^ continue . 
  wait a moment ... cheese is eaten on its own ? 
  even eating something more `` normal '' and closer to `` cheese '' would get crackers at least . 
  they are disgusting . 
  they are delicious . 
  once you are used to the amount of sugar in the usa processed goods , you could probably eat them again . 
  i would n't recommend it . 
  even i find them barely palatable . 
   meat and veggies varied meals are n't really an option for those below a certain salary in our economy . 
  also ; no what is astonishing is that we market [ this for kids ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/798012/images/o-kids-cereal-facebook.jpg ) , average cereal in the usa for kids has about 30 % sugar by weight . 
   i 'm still reeling here . 
  the reaction to the discovery of `` sprayed cheese '' is so amazing i wish i could frame it . 
  i mean i kind of guessed a lot of our food is genuinely unappealing to people outside this country but still ; of all things . 
  what exactly is wrong with it ? 
  never mind i know exactly what is wrong with it . 
  delis are a rarity in the usa it seems , and the only place you can really get anything approximating `` cheese '' . 
  what do you consider cheese exactly ? 
  heh ; ambrosia ; instead of `` food of the gods '' , more literally `` food of god '' , as in , made of god . 
  i would n't be surprised if we actually tried . 
  toasted ? 
  i 'd normally eat them right out of the package . 
  i believe most people do here . 
  though i am quite aware that our food is way too sweet ; but the worst part is we are so used to it we actually ca n't really enjoy more sugar light diets anymore by the time we get to an age that we can afford to because the over-abundance of sugar is actually addictive unsurprisingly . 
  it delicious industrially manufactured and machine processed ambrosia in a can is what it is . 
  ^ just ^ kidding ^ of ^ course . 
  ^ ^ ^ mostly . 
  for cheese on crackers mostly , although its not uncommon to eat it straight from the can . 
  your telling me there is no sprayed cheese anywhere in the eu ? 
   god is dead . 
  [ i would n't be surprised if it was from trying to eat our food . 
  ] ( http://ghk.h-cdn.co/assets/cm/15/11/54ffec52236b6-cheeseburger-lgn.jpg ), 
  well . . its official ; that is the most american way you could probably find to cook bacon short of somehow using the heat from the gun to deep-fry it too . 
  literally anything . 
  only way it could of been more american is if they made the breading red , white and blue , stuck fire works into it , and salted the water for extra cholesterol . 
  deep fried candy corn takes the cake ... as does deep fried funnel cake . 
   far worse then pure fat ? 
  deep fried oreo cookies come to mind . 
  sometimes . . there are things i did n't even know about , and for some reason i am wondering why i am surprised that fried butter on a stick is a thing , we 've deep fried far worse . 
  also how is grits and gravy unhealthy ? 
  explain ? 
  its still delicious to us . 
  salty dairy though i imagine are words you never would want to hear or something you 'd like to try . 
  its honestly unbelievable how much salt and sugar are in our foods . 
  soo , examples for cheese specifically ? 
   distilled ambrosia best way to describe it i 've heard yet , i should use that next time i describe bacon to someone . 
  however , yes , we really do . 
  correction : people elsewhere have had more than their fair share of the horrors of war against us . 
  few of our veterans talk about their experiences in warfare and so as society overall we do n't really learn from it since it did n't happen to `` us '' , it happened to our soldiers and the civilians and soldiers of the other belligerents . 
  gangbanger culture though is more a mexico border and north-west thing . 
  on the coasts you are more likely to find international crime since there are access to ports etc. 
  i see your point though . 
  also the violence in movies is n't really all that far off . 
  we are pretty desensitized as a culture to violence overall since for every mass shooting you hear about on the news there are six or more that get set off by it in the same week usually for example . 
  i am fairly sure americans will watch europe and asian media content in its native language with english subtitles over english dubbing , its better to hear native speaker and understand what they are saying through subtiles ; than it is to hear a poorly acted english dialogue . 
   good bye , lenin !, 
  heh ; sounds interesting actually . 
  look up . 
  those probably are n't clouds or fog . 
  if its a game that stands good on its own , probably fine . 
  especially if its a game that set trends for the gaming industry in the first place . 
   very clean and sterile dialect .
