  tl ; dr : our democratic process is awful . 
  we honestly had a genuinely populist candidate and the status quo chose to nominate clinton over him through internal suppression of delegates during the dnc primary . 
  their internal political feuds have cost america dearly . 
   it confirms my theory that every nation with a sufficient demagogue that can read the situation can come down like germany 1933 . 
  you know i do n't think anyone seems to get that we are legitimately going potentially exactly what germany went through in a modern atmosphere . 
  a outsider politician with hard-line alt-right policies just swept the national election riding a wave of hate and xenophobia towards minority and foreign scapegoats . 
  all resulting in the entire federal goverment now being running by a right-wing majority in every branch . 
  we probably are n't going to have anything on the level of 1940s germany . 
  we are definitely looking at a coming era of hate , reversal of social progress and the further marginalization of ethnic minorities . 
  sounds about right from what i remember of the brexit discussions a few months back . 
  curious , what country you are from ? 
   many checks and balances to prevent lunatics from running the country into the ground . 
  let 's keep faith in your political system . 
  i hate to break to you . 
  our entire goverment will be officially and completely controlled by the right on january 20th when trump takes office . 
  our entire goverment is effectively single party at this moment . 
  our scotus is set to have a permanent alt-right justice appointed sometime shortly after trump begins his term . 
  trump will be appointing a full cabinet of right wing administrators and likely disbanding several goverment agencies including potentially the epa ; he will then likely appoint alt-right heads to many of the remaining agencies . 
  foremost though most worth mentioning though ? 
  our legislature in the congress and the house have a majority in favor the republician party . 
  yes ; this all * will * happen or has already happened in the case of the legislature ; and mind you they 've held that majority for almost 8 + years now , they are unlikely to ever lose it while trump is in office . 
  in fact , the majorities are large enough in congress and senate , there is chance trump 's presidency could encourage the passage or repeal constitutional amendments in the favor of the republican agenda . 
  the checks and balances created by the founding fathers did not account for a total system failure . 
  its not a dislike of policy we 're ( americans ) are scared of ... [ why we are all panicking over here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5c6zbv/dakota_pipeline_operator_to_defy_obama_and_push/d9uxiaj/ ) a lot of our social progress likely to be undone over the course of the next 20 years ; including gay marriage rights . 
   i am under some impression this would not work well in us you 'd get shot before you even reached the compartment honestly if they saw you before they got up to the window . 
  honestly you 'd be shot for sure if you reached for it while they were at the window without them instructing you first . 
  oh and getting out of the car at all without being instructed to is a sure fire way to get shot or handcuffed . 
  police officers in the usa seem to have an unusual amount of tension while on the job , lower standards in general for who gets on the police force , and are generally pretty trigger-happy compared to the rest of the world if our police shooting record each year is any clue . 
   i really do n't see what is the point to show me one price when picking up an item and charging different on check out . 
  here we know more or less its to engage in `` psychological pricing '' for example `` 4.99 '' in our brains might seem more appealing than `` 5.00 '' . 
  i.e a lot of it in the usa is to engage in deceptive pricing to encourage you to buy more stuff . 
   i did n't leave chicago during my visit , which is probably best thing i did . 
  so far i know i would be at least tasered if not shoted by police during any pull over . 
  this works completely different here . 
  you 'll need to elaborate a tad , i do n't really understand what you mean . 
   prices displayed without tax in shops wait other countries show what the item will cost after tax ? 
   however , you would n't want your local cop to approach you with a huge smile and say `` hello , i 'm jimmy !, 
  welcome to 22nd street !, 
  i 'm your cop today . 
  how are you guys today ? 
  is there anything i can do for you ? '', 
  who 's country has them like that ( it made me laugh a bit ) , because i would love their police force over mine . 
  seriously , literally just shop around r/news for awhile , you 'll figure out why fast . 
  essentially though ... police in the usa are scary as all hell . 
   so having different units is something you will only encounter in the us , and no matter how many other countries you might have seen before , you will not be prepared for how weird it is . 
  funny story ; we almost converted to metric , but the legislation did n't quite make it through ( this was about a few decades ago ), 
  wait ... slow down for a minute ; why are people downvoting me ? 
  they think i am justifying racism ? 
  get the hell out ... are they insane ? 
  racism is racism , i am just highlighting that humans have come along way from being outright racism even among those they have very few obvious aesthetically differences from . 
  i 'll also point out however it was n't nearly as bad as racism between more overt ethnic groups . 
  in the last two hundreds years we stopped persecuting people of similar ethnic background ; you need to consider how crazy it is we ever used to do that . 
  its a fact of history , not a statement of a opinion . 
  also for that matter i said it in the context of acknowledging that there is still racism in segregation in this country , and not in a fashion that could ever be interpreted to be justifying it . 
  not really ... we are talking about usd and us standard of living here . 
  [ enjoy this helpful guide ] ( http://cost-of-living.careertrends.com/l/615/the-united-states ) . 
  most cities ; that salary is definitely affordable , but add even one dependent and good luck ; the usa is okay if you live alone , but its much worse if you have a dependent . 
   the biggest culture shock came from the sheer amount of poverty in the states what exactly is it like in european nations usually ? 
  yeah ? 
  a 4 year degree here gets you a 20-40k office job but only after two years of temp work or internship and all while being 20k or more in debt on average . 
  so whatever the quality ; its still not affordable for the average person in the traditional sense of the word . 
   how can you say it has a cultural value if they do not speak the language or hold any of their customs ? 
  you are n't listening and i am only going to try once more to explain this to you . 
  americans come from historically diverse collection of many different ethnic backgrounds and nationalities . 
  some americans take well to the idea of exploring where their grand-fathers/mothers , great grand-fathers/mothers etc came from . 
  its an attachment to their * ancestors * culture ; those they descended from . 
  its cultural value is to the individual . 
  this is ultimately just a part of american culture . 
  i personally do n't care about it . 
   i get that that means something to you * them * not me , in general the younger generations do n't hold it with as much care . 
  honestly the youngest generation of americans is very different from its parent generation . 
   yes , but claiming your german , polish or anything else means nothing if you do n't even know a word in that language . 
  its something that this sub reddit really gets pissed about . 
  you misunderstand . 
  it means nothing to * you * . 
  to americans it has cultural value . 
  this is the point i am getting at . 
   some gestures and facial expressions are somewhat different , which takes some getting used to how so ? 
   the `` personal space '' around people is a lot larger in the us , which led me to blocking people 's way when i thought they had enough room to pass yeah i know we have a serious obesity problem . 
  oooh ... wait you meant something else . 
   the whole culture around cars , guns , and the very different way alcohol is treated ( including adults acting like drunk teens ) wait so `` spring break `` esque behavior is not normal in other countries ? 
   people in service acting kind of like servants if they were service staff ; this is approximately what they are , at least sort of , it really depends on how much of an entitled prick the consumer is . 
   on temperatures i simply gave up and treated them as fantasy numbers . 
  how bad could it be ? 
   i tried , mate . 
  really i did . 
  got about two and a half paragraphs into it and just could n't choke down one more sentence . 
  sas material , indeed . 
  i presented statistics , honest opinions with no personal attacks , clear photographic evidence of trends , and made an honest case for my opinion . 
  if all you are capable of is insulting someone instead of creating an argument for your beliefs , who is the real problem ? 
  no * i * know , but american culture veers towards embracing your heritage and that of your ancestors . 
   who should be a bit modest about who is and who is n't an idiot in american politics good news ; they are n't wrong about trump !, 
  however ; i appreciate the overall humble tone of this reply . 
  thank you !, 
   he 's like 15 , going through a rebellious streak , and smart enough to run bullshit by his peers without getting checked on it . 
  lets review everything i said ; you do n't get to just dismiss me because you think i am wrong . 
  that is n't how civil debates with adults work . 
   extreme economic polarization of the poor [ lets review a few facts about income in the usa ] ( http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2015/cb15-157.html ) according to this report from * our * federal goverment . 
  things had only gotten only minimally better in 2015 , in some areas , it got worse . 
   when you live in a society that prides individual exceptionalism over collective welfare it definitely leads to a lot of segregation .
