  wow ; so the really old stuff ? 
  nice . 
  its not surprising ; american dad panders more to those that enjoy a satirized view of american right wing politics and custom here in the usa . 
  meanwhile family guy appeals to a general american audience . 
   cartoons i am curious what cartoons ? 
   we get most of the good stuff and some of the bad stuff . 
  such as ? 
  respective examples ? 
   last but not least sitcoms with lot of puns , because they are often impossible to translate . 
  yeah i can imagine that is no pun to watch . 
   nascar making another left turn !, 
  making another left turn !, 
  omg he 's making another left turn !, 
  its an exciting day for nascar !, 
  ... in all seriousness that entire `` sport '' is about the crashes . 
  its easy to forget we have nascar until someone reminds me . 
   the americans who are inevitably going to butt in probably starting with tensions growing with north korea ; but i 'd like to point out japan is a military ally of the usa and this would be ultimately the reason we 'd intervene . 
  summary : they find everything about how we do things completely irrational at best , and legitimately insane at worst . 
  am i wrong ? 
   vape finds yet another way to shoehorn the us into a post , just because . 
  people know me on this sub ? 
  i am so giddy !, 
  did n't realize my small opinion and perceived beliefs had any real merit or meaning to anyone !, 
  thank you !, 
  so for the uninformed american , up until recently , the uk was basically the eu 's texas , always saying they are going to leave any day now . 
  now that they 've actually done it ( or rather are starting to ) , we get to see what happens when a nation leaves a economically important partnership for the sake of pride and nativist sentiment . 
   that just feels so right to me . 
  ftfy , and pretty much sums up a lot of what americans do that makes no sense to europeans . 
   thats like saying you made a piece of ikea furniture , but in reality all you did was the final step of assembling it . 
  exactly . 
   what even is the point in making your own waffles then ? 
  feeling of accomplishment that we `` made something '' ? 
  thanksgiving is n't just a '' autumn harvest celebration '' . 
  it has specific historical connotations about celebrating the survival of the original english american colonies as far as i was taught . 
  its the reason people get bugged by it , since its a holiday specific to canada and the usa . 
  although functionally it is just another excuse for americans to eat even more food than we do on average , and for some , get drunk . 
   you 're fired . 
  here , i might be promoted . 
  kidding of course . 
  ^ mostly, 
  how was he at his job ? 
  i swear to you , i 've never heard , seen or know anything about `` the sound of music '' . 
  i was never shown it in school , i was never shown it by family , or friends ; or online . 
  never heard about it , never seen it , i am that rare person in america that has never been even slightly exposed to it until now . 
   jesus christ kid , keep waking up . 
  you 'll realize this huge country is filled with all different kinds of people . 
  stop assuming fox news represents the entire nation because your dad and your uncle are conservative and you 're somehow an enlightened individual . 
  alright , so , explain why trump has any sort of serious following behind him ? 
  his platform is built on nativism and xenophobia , and yet is gaining real traction here in america because we 've become so self-absorbed yet somehow so disillusioned with our own country we tend not even seen what a giant pile of bull-shit its become in the past 30 years . 
  so do n't give me the condescending `` my viewpoint is invalid '' speech . 
  its pretty clear that at least half our country seriously believes what i think they believe , otherwise trump , and frankly the entire republican party would never have any real chance to get into office . 
   we 're being serious right now , you american lazy worker you . 
  * goes back to playing angry birds at their desk * i 'll be serious later ... 
   such an email would never be sent by my company . 
  * whoosh * anyway i see your point . 
  americans have different customs of formality which is why this goes on . 
  bosses and co-workers can be friends or in general can have a more informal relationship outside their work relationship . 
   not really in europe , but pretty common in india and brazil . 
  really now ? 
  what is the last time this happened in europe ? 
  i dare not tread upon that unholy ground . 
  anyway ... 
   if it was from the same city , i could sort of get behind it . 
  why is that ? 
  i mean is there some resource for finding people in your country that the usa does n't have ? 
  otherwise i 'd think it still be pretty strange . 
   that is fine , but calling the uk `` england '' is like calling the usa `` texas '' . 
  in texas , they would say you have that backwards . 
   i would find it very hard to believe that americans assume thanksgiving is celebrated elsewhere . 
  they think that everything they do , everyone else does . 
  the ones that ask these questions are the ones that assume that the usa is the center of the whole world and regardless of the historical connotations assume everyone else just follows suit . 
  its not too much trouble , i mean the point of this thread was to promote a discussion , and being proactive to that effect is important . 
  you said you 're from russia/ukraine , am i mistaken ? 
  i enjoy learning new viewpoints though regardless of where someone is from . 
  edit : notice you 've actually told me where you are from . 
  apologies . 
   smiling at everybody like an idiot or crazy person our way of being friendly , and yes , for the most part , we do sort of mean it . 
  we are generally pretty relaxed in public and treat everyone like a neighbor more or less . 
   insane obsession with blood heritage it makes no sense to me . 
  i have little care my great grand parents decided to leave europe to come to america , where they are from , or what my `` heritage '' is , as its not my heritage anymore than how neolithic hunter-gathers are the shared heritage of mankind . 
  its an origin , but it means little for the present . 
   deplorable schools where children do not wear uniforms i do n't see the problem with a lack of uniforms ; explain ? 
   do not raise hands before speaking and harass teachers teaching discipline to children in most states is career and political suicide ; its one of those touchy `` do n't let the government parent our children '' sort of ways of thinking here in america . 
   nosy questions to strangers that you have no business asking if you are never to see that person again  inviting guests over and then not offering them a drink or something to eat  burping and farting and thinking it 's the most clever and comical thing ever invented to man  sharing with everybody very private information such as your sex life that nobody cares to know i 've really got nothing on all this , our society is n't homogeneous friend , no more than the eu 's member countries are . 
  to some here , its seen as rude , to others its natural ; such is american society that nothing is perfectly agreed upon . 
   dare i go on ? 
  please do !, 
   `` what 's the german currency ? 
  i am trying to register this , but i ca n't fathom it . 
   thanksgiving i ca n't believe anyone does this and just shows they do n't even understand that thanksgiving is a purely american holiday . 
   how america is the greatest which makes me feel like you think that where i come from is a piece of shit . 
  yes , they really do just assume every where else is shit . 
  i am sorry to say this , but they really do if they say things like this . 
   tell me you are russian and then when i get excited and say something in russian , tell me that you grandmother or some distant relative might have been from the old country . 
  i never understand this myself and why anyone in the country cares about their `` family 's heritage '' ; if their ancestors cared about it seriously , they would n't have left their home country even under whatever circumstances they did leave . 
  its really closer to a fruit salad smoothie . 
  everything has blended together at the end of the day , but the differences are readily apparently beneath the surface . 
   liege waffles , stroopwafels and some waffle-like cookies which are all very different . 
  all of them look delicious . 
  only appropriate for cultures with a limit for the capacity of their pride and self assured dominance in the world .
