  so just german ? 
  seriously though noted , any films with a plot worth watching anyway ? 
  quite possibly my favorite management game series of all time . 
  especially the ones that focus on near-future cities . 
  gun culture is pretty firmly ingrained in our culture , going all the way back to the beginning of the country , with that in mind , it probably is n't going to stay that way , i am willing to bet that in about century we might be closer to europe on our stance with regards to guns , we certainly are monolithic anymore on it . 
  all our major wars were foreign war with exception to those that apply ( civil war and mexican-american war for instance ) ; we 've never had the experience of modern land war on home soil to really give us a personal cultural lesson in the horrors of war . 
  also the people have little oversight of what our government does , so this really is n't on us , often times our right wing leaning citizens even support it , whereas our left leaning citizens do not usually . 
  gangbanger culture ? 
  how is that smog problem bra ? 
  its even weirder because the universal exception is sporting events . 
  you ca n't drink standing still in public ; but its perfectly legal to take it into a packed stadium where there might be an emergency and get hammered ; not mention you causing the emergency in the first place . 
   we also have 62 us-made us-made csi : bumfucknowhere series . 
   walker the texas ranger for the 25th time since like 2002 . 
  both of these made me chuckle ; it happens here too . 
  its gotten to the point that i do n't even care because there like 10 + csi and ncis shows and i care about three of them . 
  its largely because a management game either needs to bring a lot of good original ideas to be successful or execute proven game ideas and refine them to modern standards . 
  in the case of game dev tycoon its the former , in the case of cities skylines its the latter . 
  game development is largely focused on getting a product out to a market to an existing audience as quickly as possible for the least amount of money for highest returns , and the management games audience likes challenges and original ideas ; which is completely different from the more casual and linear design of fps games for instance . 
  actually i 've seen all those , and i am fairly sure there are basic english translations . 
  however ; this makes me really understand why `` farming simulator 17 '' even exists . 
  i am fairly sure '' gleisbau simulator '' might be a railroad construction simulator actually ; googled gameplay for it , and it even said so in the video description . 
  i mean i could understand it ; sherlock is reasonably popular in the usa i believe . 
  `` settlers : rise of an empire '' is probably one of my favorite city-management titles . 
  `` settlers 7 : path to a kingdom '' is a title i will quite happily take every opportunity to mention how much it sucks . 
  its a shame there is n't a larger english speaking market for management games ; i really enjoy them and now knowing that germany kicks out a lot of them i feel kind of left out . 
  maybe he thought guam was an artificial island ? 
  ... - sigh - no he did n't . 
  game dev tycoon is definitely one of the ones i 've really enjoyed in the past . 
  in any case , any examples of games in the german market that rely on local interest ? 
  this is a fair point . 
  really more i am more wondering if any have got any recognition outside your country . 
  wait a minute ... melisandre 's actor is dutch ? 
  something new everyday . 
  any i might have heard of ? 
  probably the actors then . 
  still , why no film industry ? 
  not even indie films ? 
  does your have a robust voice acting , acting , video game development , music production or film industry ? 
  why is that ? 
  what a shame . 
  any other examples ? 
  fair enough . 
  - sigh - ; any english translation ? 
  i am surprised ; clearly trying to steal the welsh audience yes ? 
  actually ; are welsh jokes funny coming from an american , or is it mostly a uk and eu thing ? 
  specific examples ? 
  any games i probably have n't heard of ? 
  being on a raft in the middle of the ocean ; seeing a dorsal fin sticking out of the water thinking its a dolphin and realizing its actually a shark . 
  so like seeing a shooting star , but it turns out to be a guided cruise missile headed straight for you ? 
  i would love to hear about it !, 
   my brother has emigrated to california though for the sun , the high tech industry and for love . 
  basically the only three reasons that anyone has really mentioned in this thread . 
  in any case ; half our population is thoroughly convinced by corporations and right wing politics that how things are is how they should stay , and its going to be a long time before the status quo really changes . 
  how many acronyms do you actually know the meaning to the first time you see them ? 
  without the internet or a friend that already is in the know , you would n't probably . 
  there is such a thing as a rude canadian . 
  they are rare , almost mythical ; but they exist . 
  its not like i am going to defend public education in the usa . 
  its not all that great . 
  however , what makes any european country better overall for education ? 
  this is only a problem if you drink . 
  i do n't know ; cut it from the continental shelf after erecting structural supports and some flotation structures ; add a few turbine engines and i am willing to bet we could get it sailing . 
  oh you were only kidding ... 
  texas ; however travel the usa to europe is expensive so i doubt that 'll happen friend . 
  how do the metropolises of the usa compare to europe ? 
  interesting . 
  seems like a noble idea ; a detailed review of what the eu is does n't normally happen in public school for usa . 
  we get the basics , its founded , etc. 
  alaska ; but with better food . 
  any ideas ? 
  that is a shame ; i am sure she is okay . 
  in any case , is it common for people from europe to move away from europe in the first place ? 
  so how often do people move for higher pay jobs or opening businesses here ? 
  scots mass emigrating to canada ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  if we tried drinking out of the pipes , we 'd end up with lead poisoning . 
  is water utility free or do you have to pay for it in europe or does it vary in that case ? 
  i 'd keep in mind that because of our poorly managed and designed healthcare system that the majority of money spent in the average american 's life is on healthcare . 
  while we pay less in taxes , and have a great net worth per capita because of it and the fact we are encouraged to own our own car and home by our mid 40s at the latest , generally speaking most americans in middle class or lower will end up in some form of debt . 
  so basically ; like anywhere in the world , its easier to live here if you are rich or win the lottery . 
  ah ; i left the more important context out : efficient civil planning is somewhat hard when the people are unwilling to make changes . 
  car culture is firmly ingrained into the american culture . 
  we are taught you need to own a car to be independent , to live , to do anything . 
  we also have no recourse but to buy into it , due to the lack of consistently bike or even just pedestrian friendly areas of the average city . 
  the only places that have bothered making a change from this are the places where population and traffic density are at an extreme ; forcing its implementation by necessity . 
  trying to get by on 30 $ a week is poverty level here in the usa . 
  all the basic foods you get at a store are 50 % more what they are on average in germany from the information i am finding . 
  would you consider 1 $ a pound expensive for potatoes for instance ? 
  most produce is a 1 $ a pound or more here . 
  good luck !, 
  hope you guys enjoy your life together , 
  we live for and die for corporations . 
  we stopped being free the moment we let them have any say in our political process . 
  we sold away our rights to privacy to feel a little safer in our homes . 
  we sell pieces of our nations soul every time one of politicians that pushes their agendas opens their mouth . 
  capitalism is only safe when regulated , this was proven during the industrial revolutions as business owners effectively enslaved the people working for them ; and polluted the cities to almost completely unlivable levels . 
  whatever notions of american glory or pride lost any justification the moment we started snuffing out the lights of nascent countries and killing millions for the sake of securing political and military allies in regions of the world where our resource supply was in danger , or where we wanted to combat the `` threat of communism '' . 
  i am done with this . 
  tis the american way of life to toil away for the prosperity of those above us it seems . 
  `` trick-down economics '' is the lie sold in modern times to push the `` american dream '' idealism that pervade american culture .
