  you know something is wrong right ? 
   american politics are weird in the run up to an election . 
  they 're like celebrity popularity contests . 
  majority of americans seem to go by their feelings rather than the facts . 
  this is why that happens . 
  if you feel they are someone you support rather than they are someone you support , you vote for them . 
  american democracy is horrifying . 
   occupy wall street new faces , same players , same game . 
  you 'd need to change americans at their core values and society to enact true change and the cult of personality in this country is purpose built to keep that from ever happening . 
   o be affraid of clinton biggest things that come to mind is she is an active proponent of making it illegal to encrypt data ( at least for ordinary citizens ) , and although she says she wo n't , she 'll likely be a huge supporter of the ttt deals , which are highly anti-competition and favor the already wealthy . 
   american status quo is not that bad , things could get much worse . 
  the big reason that people resist her so hard from the progressive side of the aisle anyway , is because she is a huge proponent of things that are going to make the status quo worse . 
  she has stated her support for criminalizing or at least making it illegal for encryption to exist without a backdoor . 
  this is not inference , but rather directly quoted from her . 
  if this is her stance on the biggest issue of private citizen 's digital privacy , what else does she have a frankly incredibly ... dystopian-esque view of . 
   what else can you do ? 
  live an unhappy life as a slave under debt to the establishment and status quo apparently . 
  so assuming you can disillusion the majority of americans under the impression that we really truly are the `` great country on earth '' ( i swear to you its not just something americans say , many believe it ) , there is the really simple fact of cost . 
  median income americans ( the ones most effected by establishment controls ) , can not afford to leave the country . 
  too much debt , too little money to afford a move to any other country . 
   you understand what `` revolt '' means i am saying planning any sort of revolt would get caught because of our state-wide surveillance and be put down long before it rose up . 
  the perpetrators would be defamed as `` anti-goverment wing nuts '' and then for the rest of us americans , it will be but another tuesday . 
   then what happened to the second amendment , is n't it there specifically to make a revolt against a corrupt government easier ? 
  hate to break it to ya , but the second amendment is a placation to convince an armed population not to tell the goverment to go sod off . 
  you ca n't exactly revolt against an army armed with cruise missiles and armored tanks though now can you ? 
  our military has shown that if it believes it is doing the right thing under the orders of the president , that the leaders of that military will follow them blindly . 
  so violent revolt is not an option . 
  organization of a revolt was made illegal relatively recently ( 1927 ) by supreme court ruling ( incitement of violence through speech ) . 
  roughly as it happens , around the time the order of things as they are started to be established . 
  in essence , any incitement for armed revolt is illegal here . 
  peaceful revolt through organized reform is still ( so far ) legal though , so we 'll see how that shakes out over the next 30 years . 
  knowing trump , he 'll convince his army of bugs to conquer the world , and build a wall to keep the differently colored bugs out . 
  trump is actually scary to us americans though , if you are wondering . 
   but please leave trump there if we moved north america , i am sure trump would build a seawall to keep the meximaids out from invading his sea kingdom of trump tower , atlantanis . 
  defending it with his tiny baby hands with stolen pianos whilst building an incestuous dynasty with his own daughter . 
  at least ... if he could have things his way . 
  trump is horrifying . 
  we know . 
  physically detach itself from the north american continental shelf and move to europe , so our standard of living goes up . 
  * cough * i know i am not european , but hey you guys are great , maybe one day i 'll move over there !, 
   did more for helping the us than it did europe . 
  sounds about right for anything the usa sets out to do . 
  give a different example , going straight for east india company is kind of like calling someone `` literally hitler '' in any argument . 
  they were awful as an organization and an extreme example of the spectrum of what a private organization will do with a lot of power and wealth given to it . 
  in fact , name dropping is n't a good foundation for an argument either , please expand your argument . 
   iffy precedents in history give examples rather than vague statements . 
  that is n't anyway to build a case against something . 
  it also does n't really contribute that much to the discussion , what are these `` iffy precedents '' ? 
  anyway , i firmly believe musk is commited and wants to do a good job on this , if you watch the interviews , and see his actions , and you pay attention you 'd understand . 
  he really believes this is important and he wants to find a practical way to make it profitable * and * possible to do so it happens more often , so we are n't stuck on this planet . 
  i think while its definitely a * business venture * for him its also about the science for him . 
  in many interviews ( i can provide links if asked ) , he expresses a candid shock that there are no plans to go to mars with people , even though space programs have proven to be incredibly beneficial to a society , and really he shows a genuine interest in the science despite mostly being a businessman first and foremost . 
  i wo n't ever use the word `` noble '' to describe him , but rather `` honest '' in the sense he wants to go to mars , he wants to make it cheap , and he wants to make a profit off it and show its profitable , so that the price comes down and people can actually go . 
  shipping ship-shipping elon . 
  i think elon musk is the one doing all the shipping here . 
   the department of defense yeah i am well aware , i 'd like to think we 've reached a point in human history where we do n't need standing armies though . 
  i mean core military doctrine has largely shifted to air superiority , small armies of well trained guerrilla fighters , nuclear arms as deterrents and having large stock of ballistic missiles with a strong navy to deploy them . 
  modern warfare does n't really have a place for standing armies unless you are trying to hold an empire together . 
  a large ground army is honestly worthless in the 21st century . 
  if you are getting into a large scale ground war where you need a standing army , in the 21st century , you are doing something very wrong . 
  its kind of a shame we ( usa ) ca n't cut some of the fat off that us armed forces budget for our own space program . 
  * cough * if one thing i 've learned about large collections of federalized states and space programs ; its that it does n't really solve problems and it really adds new ones . 
   some , however , do not and that is understandable . 
  well , welcome to american inc. . british subsidiary . 
  seriously , with the eu backing you up , every luxury you 've been growing up with is going to be dismantled in order to make you more appealing to american business interests . 
  think of the world like a great ocean , and the eu like an island . 
  its cramped , messy and people do n't always get along , but when you try to sail away the usa happily gobbles you up like a tasty snack . 
  so you need to stay where its safe from dangerous predators . 
  i hate this is an honest and accurate description of my own country and not just satire . 
  come to america , help us fight trump !, 
  :d kidding of course , you 've got your own problems . 
  question , are people jumping ship ( leaving the uk ) before the uk actually starts to break away ? 
  * cough * canada is nice this time of year * cough * . 
   did n't do so out of racism or hatred of europe . 
  alright ; why did they vote to leave ? 
  * cough * yes , was n't referencing this . 
  * cough *, 
  next you are going to tell europe to do something crazy like damming up the strait of gibraltar . 
  its technically democratic in the sense that a ... okay so i tried making an example , but i ran out of examples to give , so yeah , its not even technically a democratic system , welcome to america , home of the not so free . 
   not by western european standards though to be fair , even , its not even a democracy by north american , never mind the standards of the americas . 
  by `` technically ' i meant a democratic process exists , but its controlled strictly by the two-party system with little room for independents . 
  which is why i get so annoyed with europeans who assume we can `` just change it '' , it would n't work here , because the entire system from bottom to top and every angle has been rigged against the common person in the usa , to block progressive change . 
   all of this makes the us political system very undemocratic , ( almost ) a dictatorship by two groups in your society . 
  i really ca n't believe us citizens really believe they live in a democratic country `` almost '' heh , good joke ... oh serious . 
  no , we live in what would be called a `` banana republic '' or a oligarchy for something more familiar . 
  essentially , those in power and of wealth control everything , and the people have little say , although it is `` technically '' democracy . 
   i 'm not ** going ** to read all your bible , you saying that america is a melting pot made my point . 
  you insulted someone else country by claiming it had no culture and expected them not to make a case to the contrary , it not like i went off on a rage . 
  all i did was point out that that is a very narrow view of the usa . 
  our culture is simple : working class good , immigrants that legally come here good . 
  everything else is borrowed and integrated , which is our culture in itself . 
  usa , 2008 crash ? 
  our market crashed , and everyone 's gdp dipped . 
  we are cornerstone economy everyone relies on to keep running . 
  its not fallacy either , any us debt holder essentially is sitting on an asset that can become a liability at any time if we collapsed entirely . 
  this is where us economic power comes from . 
   you guys do n't even have an actual culture tho this very untrue . 
  however considering our culture is quite literally `` adapting other cultures '' its easy to see it that way . 
  we from our inception have taken ideas from other cultures , and assimilate peoples from around the world into our own collective union . 
  this shows itself in our common food options being a range of cuisine that spans the globe though obviously and especially from european nations .
