  sometimes i am not so sure we have that . 
   your soul ... would n't be the first faustian bargain americans have made . 
   fried chicken fly across the screen in a day is it telling i know this is not a joke . 
  there are at least three to five major chicken restaurant chains in any given state . 
   amenities within the suburbs and within walking distance . 
  america you need a car to function in a suburb . 
  adults can survive comfortable with a bike and public transport in the suburbs here . 
  we do n't but we could . 
  its never made sense to me why we do things this way . 
   politicians are slippery enough without using god as justification for what they are doing . 
  to those that care about it here , i believe they find it `` more honest '' . 
   imagine republicans talking about how great gun control is . 
  i just had this really weird feeling trying to imagine that . 
   that was irony the lack of / s confused me . 
   although i 've never tried waffles outside belgium . 
  how do you normally make waffles ? 
  we usually pour the batter directly onto a form press . 
  perhaps , it stands to reason when you look at the sub-cultures of the usa between states that result in political leanings from state to state being definitely very different . 
  seriously though , i really just never have seen `` the sound of music '' or even heard of it . 
  no , this is a special kind of a filthy , it will never wash off . 
  got any brain bleach ? 
   i once wished an american girl happy easter , and she was extremely surprised that i knew what easter is , and that we celebrate it in austria too . 
  i was a bit lost for words . 
  why ... am i am not surprised ? 
   `` every man for himself '' culture . 
  its worst than what you might see on the surface , and i wholeheartedly agree it needs to change as we move further into this century , because i do n't think its going to work anymore . 
   do n't go to france for the food . 
  in fact , take food with you . ', 
  to mock european portion sizes . 
  sounds about right . 
   frikandel  i do n't think mcdonald 's dared to touch this one yet . 
  trust me , if its deep fried , someone will try to make it for the menu . 
   all the ads for fast food made me nauseous . 
  why ? 
  fast food ads exists to appeal to americans if they are any of the major chains . 
  the food would be disgusting to anyone else . 
  what was gross about them ? 
   the lack of mix planning . 
  why put the nearest shop to a suburb a 30 minute drive away ? 
  what would be more reasonable ? 
   people waste far too much of their income on their cars . 
  its the insurance more that will kill you honestly . 
   politicians mentioning god and how much they love their country . 
  just how weird is it ? 
   open carry laws . 
  i do n't even understand the rationale for the laws honestly . 
   americans , foreigners often assume i have weed with me , smoked it recently or can get some for them . 
  i have some witty response to make this funny , but all i can do is think of dank memes . 
   as a protest and censored in the us . 
  so why was it censored ? 
   over-inflated view of our importance in the world . 
  a lot of countries do , i guess ... 
  meanwhile the usa has a planet sized pair of brass balls , and at least our more conservative individuals have a habit of assuming every other country is terrible compared to ours with no real understanding of say , the eu . 
  no , first time i 've ever seen it in my life . 
   belgium are `` belgium waffles '' actually different from normal waffles , or is it an american thing ? 
  our nation was founded on violent revolution against a `` tyrannical '' government , at least that is the propaganda rhetoric sold in history books . 
  our entire nation 's identity has been tailored and fabricated over decades to what it is now . 
  overall , conservative politics pushes the libertarian agendas hard , and ultimately it ends up pervading our culture entirely . 
  i 'll never be clean again . 
  i think the critical thing americans misunderstand is economic systems , our tax code and how they work . 
  we are n't taught this information usually . 
  what are the specific differences ? 
   for people running that yt show and their audience participating via chat it was the part of the episode they spent most time discussing . 
  they 've talked about it for like 10-15 minutes straight . 
  sounds about right . 
  i would n't be surprised if americans watched an episode of got and made the discussion all about a couple seconds of genitalia being shown . 
   political suicide to be an atheist . 
  sweden is the complete opposite . 
  here you 're considered stupid if your religious . 
  so ; how much does it cost to move to sweden ? 
   sporting goods because hunting and target practice  rifles in wal-marts are sold at a separate counter that runs background checks on those who would purchase . 
  it varies by state what it will be used for , and what regulations are in place . 
  so keep that in mind . 
  no you see , i was never told this , i stumbled upon the fact and did n't realize until now this is what had happened . 
  i mean ; the eu certainly seems like one big country . 
  from the initiated , if you compared the eu to the usa , you 'd notice the similarities , the obvious differences etc. 
  still i see your point . 
   ai n't spain in mexico ( or south america ) ? 
  no that is in europe . 
  ( please do n't be american . ), 
   uk = england  all british people = english never taught about wales , scotland or northern ireland beyond precursory information ( that they exist . 
  ) , not given a crash course of regional differences of the uk or england specifically . 
   as if we 're supposed to be best friends or something because we 're slavic ? 
  - sigh - is there more to this story ? 
  there is got to be more to this story . 
   amazing , we 're taught the same thing !, 
  joking ? 
  or being serious ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  anyway , combine whispering in our ear we are the most amazing country ever with american `` exceptionalism '' and you get the mess we are in right now . 
  there probably is n't single thing that is the same/we all do across europe . 
  that 's a lie , you all are poking fun at the uk for trying to leave . 
  am i wrong ? 
   americans often think how usa is diverse , but then often forget , that the europe is at least as diverse as the usa if not more . 
  probably much more , how diverse american sub-cultures on depends on the historical nature of the state usually . 
  seriously though ; to be fair , europeans do it to the usa all the time as if we are a homogeneous , monolithic people when really we are closer to what the eu would look like if it ever federalized . 
   do n't americans ever look at themselves and think they 're not so different from north korea , russia or china no , no they do n't . 
  its mostly the conservative americans that are n't disillusioned with everything clearly wrong however . 
  to them ; that was all europe could offer . 
  sadly we are n't exactly well fed information on countries outside our own .
