  `` liberal '' and `` conservative '' are very much two sides of a black coin . 
  they lead to the same result ; deregulation of the goverment in the interest of profits . 
  this is what living the usa has taught me . 
  its null to separate them into different camps of opposing ideology when in fact they 're two hands of the same body attacking each other . 
  * cough * its not alarmist anymore to say that a soft coup is likely happening right now in my country right now . 
  there is a reason why its in every subreddit ; one of the most powerful nations in the world , and the second largest economy is becoming increasingly fascist . 
  literally two hours ago trump ordered the removal of white nationalists from our watch-lists as part of a long series of clear support for white supremacists . 
  edit : for those curious , i was a bit too broad , he apparently dismantled the cve ( countering violent extremist ) which is a community outreach department of the nsa ; he repackaged them into a similar department focused * only * on islamic extremists . 
  its still is a serious issue since it takes away an important tool for reducing domestic terrorism from white supremacist and nationalist groups . 
  it is also still very much indicative of a course of policy we may see more of in the future . 
  what more proof do you need that this is a global issue that will affect everyone , even those across the pond in europe ? 
  this makes me wish i was just a little bit more . 
  my country 's left has lately been advocating for digital backdoors ( against the will of a large majority of our citizens ) . 
  its actually one of the policies clinton was explicitly all for supporting . 
   trump did n't win because his ideas were that popular , rather people did n't get out to vote for queen hillary . 
  hillary was practically the only candidate the democrats could 've rolled out that was guaranteed to lose to trump . 
  you could 've rolled out a 75 year old social democrat and they 'd ... oh right . 
  anyway point of the matter is the usa has a bleak looking future for anyone that does n't match the concept of `` normal '' within the minds of the far right . 
  i 'd say its more like a whale than elephant . 
  not so much in the room as crushing the room completely . 
  granted ... you 're right . 
  actually ? 
  the majority of people trying to leave come from the younger or more educated generations . 
  which are generally ethnically diverse , educated ( obviously ) and accepting of differences . 
  racial prejudice has nothing to do with it man . 
  also there is a very real drug war between the mexican goverment and the mexican drug cartels still going on , so that would be a big reason why its not a first pick . 
  actually this is n't true and this is what i am talking about ; you do n't live here r/jairzinho , so let me explain why you are wrong . 
  states can legally pass whatever laws ( as far as i understand ) they want as long as they do n't conflict with a. 
  a federal constitutional amendment at the federal level or within their own state constitution ( as far as i am aware on the latter ) or b. their state or the federal supreme court decision . 
  the scotus ( supreme court ) and the legislative branch will ( or currently in the case of the latter ) have a majority in favor of republicans as well as control of the executive branch . 
  on the field of strategic politics ; although unlikely , there is the distinct possibility that in the next election ( 2018 ) they will secure a super majority if the democratic party continues to under-perform . 
  this means anti-lgbtq amendments to our federal constitution could pass the first part of the process for ratification practically unopposed at the federal level two years from now . 
  at present there is the definite chance that over the next few decades ( probably sooner than you 'd expect ) the legal protections at the state and federal level for lgbtq being made unenforceable by the right led supreme court for the foreseeable future and the decision that allowed gay marriage to be reversed . 
  things are not going to be okay either way . 
  yeah , normally that is the case ; except the republicans almost have a super majority in our legislative branch to amend our constitution , our executive branch is headed by trump ( by extension pence 's ) administration , and we are about have republican/right leaning justice majority in our supreme court . 
  right now our federal goverment is setup to be efficient in favor of republican ( and by extension ) right leaning policy makers . 
  a lot of change is coming for better or worse . 
   alternative is despair life is dynamic not binary . 
  we can make the choice over here to take action , despair is not the only choice . 
   trump is a populist english definition of populism : a member or adherent of a political party seeking to represent the interests of ordinary people . 
  trump is many things , but he is n't actually a populist at all . 
  ordinary people do n't call for border walls i feel . 
  i know you 're joking but still ... our ethnic minorities , lgbtq and educated citizens are n't laughing . 
  this is honestly pretty serious for anyone that does n't fit the far left 's definition of `` what is normal '' . 
  a lot of people that do n't understand our political system do n't seem to understand just how serious a problem trump ( or rather mike pence controlling trump ) is going to be for everyone in my country and really for the globe to some extent especially in regards to relations with russia . 
  edit : are we seriously down-voting people now for stating facts ? 
  trump has made it at the very least , clear that he wants to warm relations with russia . 
  also if its about pointing out you guys do n't understand our politics ; did any of you take a us goverment course ? 
  probably not , but plenty of us here in the usa have been taught the in 's and outs of how our politics work . 
  i wo n't be the one that did n't try to warn people this is serious . 
  oh actually nothing . 
  if you live in the more well developed urban centers its not really different from any other developed nation from what i understand . 
  however mexico is still developing in some regions ( its not as developed as the richest nations of the world etc ) ; and it shows outside of major urban centers . 
  canada is a first pick for a lot of americans because there is n't as high of a language barrier . 
  hey !, 
  i know americans are n't the greatest people but it does n't mean we are ruining canada as we flee the trumpocaylpse !, 
  american here ... there are plenty of things that should be digitized if they can be ; voting is not one of them if recent events are anything to show for it . 
  * cough * actually historically i 'd say spanish law was more progressive to a point . 
  it was illegal to bar women from voting or property ownership in mexico , or to own slaves etc as early at the 19th century . 
  in fact for an instance of how this statement ( yours ) is wrong . 
  after the texas revolution , english common law was installed . 
  blacks ( whether they were free or slaves ) lost all rights to their property and freedom , women lost their property and right to consent , and many other things occurred . 
  i am not so much referring to modern common law by the way as pre-20th century laws , as this is what formed the basis for societies and cultures of the anglosphere as we know it today . 
  * cough * american here , can confirm that this seems to be a rough parallel to the mentality here in the usa . 
  its pretty scary watching it happen in a part of europe as well as in australia and canada to a point . 
  it seems that many countries that have their roots in english common law and culture have the troubles the usa and the uk face . 
  its actually pretty strange to see the parallels of the problems even if the scales are smaller in other countries with similar roots . 
  we can make a religion out of that . 
  i 'll be honest ... i was expecting an entirely different sort of dike . 
  this reminds me of a joke . 
  what does the sun and trump have in common ? 
  they 're both balls of flaming hot air that are the center of their own little system . 
  i am not a ignorant american you twat . 
  i am aware its a socioeconomic military alliance with the primary intention of binding the european states together in order to make war among member states to be detrimental to all parties including one 's own country or at least this is the founding idea . 
  what i am trying to tell you is you might not have much of a choice . 
  this shit show could go on for up to two decades assuming mike pence runs after trump . 
  that 's 16 years of the usa not doing anything to reduce pollution , possibly ramping it up even with epa protections . 
  intervention now is an advisable course before its 16 years later and the usa has single-handily pushed us over the point of no return for climate change . 
  dude . 
  what part of the plot are n't you picking up ? 
  okay lets put it in the simplest way you can think of it . 
  imagine there is a hangout . 
  its full of people that just want to play and mind their own business . 
  there are two gang , but one gang is n't as bad as the other , they might steal your money but that 's the worst they 'll do meanwhile the other group will beat you to bloody pulp for looking at them funny or `` disrespecting them '' . 
  now imagine there is fifty of these hangouts and some are vastly more important than others in actual terms even though in theory they are all about the same . 
  the two gangs fight over territory , with the `` nicer group '' losing out because they are n't quite as ruthless as the meaner group and are being out competed by the meaner group because they are rigging the system to their own favor much more aggressively than the nicer group has been . 
  now imagine the mean group is genuinely unhinged . 
  the in-groupies are unhinged ; the out-groupies , the ones that associate with and support the gang even if they are n't part of the gang , also are unhinged . 
  they do n't care what happens to all the hangouts as long as they `` win '' . 
  however we 're missing some people . 
  the ones that do n't associate with either gang and makeup the majority in all the hangouts . 
  these people do n't really want to get involved in all the struggle involved in the conflict because they know that the meanest gang and the nicest gang are both being manipulated by a much meaner and cold group of out-people that are n't part of the hangouts . 
  they call themselves `` mr.corp '' and they like to keep both gangs fighting each other because it means that the issues are constrained in the mean time , preventing any meaningful change . 
  *** that 's the state of the us politics . 
  *** two gangs of bullies slugging it out in political wars , fucking over everyone that gets in the way in the name of `` mr.corporation '' . 
  how the fuck , do you fight that ? 
  how do 322 million people , 150 million or more of which make less than 50k usd and barely can afford their yearly expenses , organize an effective response against several trillion dollars worth of corruption ? 
  to help you understand what you are exactly asking , you are essentially asking for the american people to literally * die of starvation or sickness * in order to bring about political change because that will be what happens if you want to go toe to toe with the level of corruption in this country . 
  the american people in the first place , do not posses more than a relatively small fraction of the national wealth required to match dollar for dollar the enormous corporations that control our politics , and all of it goes to sustaining our day to day lifetimes . 
  you are essentially asking millions of people to give up a lot more than you seem to understand you 're asking just to vote ... in elections that can be rigged regardless of that .
