  at least that seems to be the mentality for many , there those with blind faith in companies or goverment . 
  where are you from ? 
   do n't americans ever think that hospitals are just to important to leave people in control that are concerned about making $ $ $ than your life ? 
  does the fact we have private prisons tell you anything ? 
  that is the point ; its something that only people that actually practice it have any `` insight '' to . 
  its not something outside its circles anyone cares or knows anything about besides that the fact its definitely makes no sense , and is almost certainty denialism . 
  its something that does n't make sense , even to people living here . 
  found the best answer so far ^ seriously though ; its an employee benefit if you donate blood ? 
   that 's just lazy . 
  or maybe our healthcare system is deliberately bured under morass of bureaucratic hell to make it difficult to understand for the average person so that only someone with a law degree could discern where one thread ends and begins so that hospitals can make money off their services for instance ? 
  i mean ; yes , the information exists , and is public ; but we do n't know where and we are n't told where to look exactly , and even when we are its hell to find exact answers . 
  in any case , all i really care about it what different between the us and european systems if anything . 
  either way , i am enjoying the discussions . 
   gun crime is good for the business of the major funders of the nra nooo , they would never think like that . 
  its totally not just a scheme by the gun manufacturing industry to drive up sales of guns by fear mongering the populace into believing guns are the only way to protect yourself from dangerous people . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  i think the best way to put it is is this . 
  if you 've been through the us healthcare system , knows its ins and outs . 
  you are either heavily in debt or you have a medical career . 
  the average person i do n't think knows much about how our healthcare system works here . 
  i am as much curious about what europeans know about our system as well as their own country 's . 
  you either know the differences or you do n't . 
  if you do n't you can google to find out if you are honestly interested in answer . 
  all i understand about our system is as follows : we are opt in for organ donation , its legal to donate plasma for cash , and that is about it without touching on tired issues like our health insurance . 
   no idea why hospitals would choose to side with the families , i presume it 's the risk of being sued . 
  you are definitely right . 
   family consent is required in some american states , even if the donor consents first i 've i have heard of it . 
  i would n't be surprised if its actually a thing though . 
   i actually doubt your initial assertion that medical practice differs significantly between europe and usa . 
  its more i want to have my assertion tested to see if i am wrong or right . 
  either way , i enjoy hearing about how things are different elsewhere , and how they stay the same . 
   american doctors being significantly more willing to prescribe medication if asked . 
  actually , this brings up an interesting question : do european doctors get offers ( is it legal ) from specific drug companies to promote their products over competitors ? 
  its more or less legal here to a point i believe . 
   blood donation in the uk is entirely voluntary , and there 's no payment . 
  we have both free and paid donation . 
  the specifics are a little odd for how this works , as far as i understand though when its paid , you are being paid for your plasma . 
   organ donation works about the same here . 
   the organs are then used according to suitability and immediate need . 
  you can be refused a donated organ if you have n't made lifestyle changes that would prolong the use of that organ , e.g given up smoking and drinking . 
  fairly sure this is also the same , although i do n't know for sure . 
   obviously , the nhs covers the cost of all surgery , drugs and treatment . 
  meanwhile : few thousand in hospital costs . 
  that sounds nice ; why does n't he usa have this system ? 
  we definitely use an opt-in system . 
  what are the immediate effects of this ? 
  i assume higher donation rates ? 
  what a wonderful system for governing a country , no ? 
   the us has spectacularly poor social mobility for a rich country . 
  ironically enough , i 've heard it enough to tell you that plenty of people claim here that its the reverse . 
  that european nations have worse social mobility . 
  nothing quite like hearing a 9am-5pm 40k a year hard working american who can barely afford his house and car screaming about how `` socially mobile '' we are compared to other countries . 
  no , you 'd still get a lot of funny looks . 
  also plenty of people would probably even accost you i feel , especially the older , and more conservative americans . 
   excluding or outlawing a political party , undemocratic ? 
  largely , it was determined as such after the fact , but `` red scare '' fervor lasted long enough for the acts to be carried out . 
  the .91 usd against the 1.10 euro for currency conversion might give some context ? 
  in general its really hard to convince anyone to do anything in this country that is n't going to get them their seat back in congress/senate/whatever elected or appointed office they hold etc. 
   age , gender and nationality to the media how else are we going to feed our hungry 24/7 news shills . . i mean cycle , with juicy information to let the viewers mass speculate about the the arrest ... or just as likely police shoot !, 
  / s seriously though i see what you mean . 
   cold war mccarthyism cowed much of the open communist sentiment into submission and the older generations that followed him largely are who keep the anti-communist sentiment alive . 
   imperial measurements . 
  fairly sure its the same reason we do n't get rid of our single cent coin ( penny ) , nostalgia essentially . 
  you know , sometimes i read answers like this , and i realize how much i do n't really get about my own country . 
  it makes no sense . 
  i 've always found it be very odd to be perfectly honest ; how do europeans usually do census data , any examples ? 
   it 's actual blows my mind that that is an issue at all . 
  its not different than how we politicize gun ownership . 
  most of the `` easily fixed '' issues are used as political tools to keep the left and right wing in power by riling up the generations old and new about them during election years . 
   the fact that your have organisations we talking about the nra ? 
  that is a vocal minority that just so happens to have a lot of money at its disposal to enact change . 
  they only directly represent less than 5-7 million people depending on who you ask . 
  those with money in this country and more importantly time , can spend it in ways that the average citizen can only dream of in the most machiavellian of fantasies . 
   everything about america makes zero sense to me , lol i know that feeling , in the sense it never made sense . 
   it does n't really make sense . 
  never said it did ; its twisted , especially considering the conditions of a modern economy . 
  these are n't new problems , they 've been around since the great depression . 
  the economy is just sinking now that there are no more wars to stimulate our economy . 
  not to say that that is a bad thing , its forcing us to actually face the fact our current socioeconomic model is n't viable anymore . 
   ridiculous bureaucracy government agencies are jobs programs in all but name . 
  this includes the military , our science programs , bureaucratic agencies ( irs etc ) . 
  its as close to social welfare as we get without it being social welfare . 
  alright so , for a start there are three ways to enact a specific change across the usa on a national level . 
  first is national reform of individual states , this is why certain states have the death penalty and some do n't ; why some have mandatory minimums and some do n't . 
  our states are `` laboratories of democracy '' . 
  so unless every state agrees an issue should be illegal or legal ; there is massive variance between each state on the condition of our prison system . 
  then there are the two primary federal systems , our legislative and our federal supreme court . 
  essentially more than half the country 's representatives or in the supreme court , more than half the sitting judges , need to agree for or against something for it to become a law or something to be unenforceable respectfully . 
  thus we got gay marriage because our supreme court rendered anti-gay marriages laws unenforceable . 
  the states themselves did not ( or at least have no yet ) changed the laws in accordance with the new ruling . 
  they merely ca n't enforce the ones already put into practice . 
  in short : its very a complicated sociopolitical issue that varies from state to state on the answer . 
  some state populations are for , others against . 
   new earth creationism museums or the anti-evolution movements . 
  i do n't get it either . 
   it 's possible to broadcast false medical stuff its a result of our effectively unregulated `` supplement '' industry . 
  we going the overly religious route or the `` i saw this cool thing on dr.oz show that i 've just got to try '' route ? 
   recent thing about transgenders and toilets . 
  conservatives have a problem with it ; liberals are using it as another sociopolitical issue to champion . 
  so : politics .
