we 've already hit rock bottom , so i think we are fine . 
  i take solace in knowing that even though trump will likely only be a problem for a decade ... that brexit will still be the biggest screw up for the next half century . 
  seriously though ... who else just wants 2016 to end ? 
  hey ... you never know ; with how 2016 is going : we might actually repeal that . 
  a remindme has been set ... see you in four years ? 
  4 years `` how bad was the trump presidency ? '', 
  this sounds slightly more effective then how we handle things in the usa ... * cough * ^ ^ ^ looking ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ drug ^ ^ ^ war . 
  so how exactly does someone get clearance to fly over the air space of these country 's to do this , or did he just pack enough provisions so he could stay over international waters for the journey ? 
  of course , its not just the europeans . 
  well ; guess we will see about that over the next two years . 
  remind me !, 
  2 years, 
   as literally the end of the uk is n't scotland likely to leave and northern ireland likely to try if the uk leaves the eu ? 
  i mean , that is quite literally the end of the entity known as the `` united kingdoms '' as we know it , is n't it ? 
   there 's condoms and plan-b pills on commercials in the us . 
  this tends to be a perceptual bias a lot of fellow americans seem to have . 
  commercials are state and regionally specific , with targeting to specific audiences . 
  the only commercials that are near-guaranteed to be national advertisements are those funded by organizations such as the `` ad council '' . 
  so for example ; you are unlikely to find condom or plan b pill ads in more conservative states . 
  i 've seen maybe one condom ad a year in texas , and never any plan b ads ; and if you got to just as far as arizona , you 'll be hard pressed to find less than one a week . 
   i just always figured sex ed was federally mandated or something . 
  with certain exceptions ; most education platforms and curriculum is entirely set by the state and partially by the county 's school districts in the usa . 
  states rights have always been a very touchy situation in the usa , i assume you know this right ? 
  california is not the south . 
  the south is a specific region of the united states that has generally similar social and political heritage . 
  this is states such as georgia , mississippi etc. 
  in this region its common for more `` conservative '' approaches to sexual education . 
  for the record texas is usually included in this , but texas honestly has a lot more in common with mid-western states and south-western states when you really drill down into it . 
  a common hallmark in such states including texas , florida , and louisiana however is abstinence only education . 
  however a shocking number of more northern states also teach abstinence only education , so its definitely not `` just a southern thing '' . 
   representing an emotion frustration and embarrassment . 
  american here....-sigh - can confirm . 
  riveting stuff . 
  the fields really do look amazing . 
  like most things americans win , i just stumbled into it by accident it would seem . 
   i do n't know what you usually do with flowers , considering what i know , probably would end up in a paleo-diet here . 
  how large is the dye industry over there , or is it more for ornamental/gifts ? 
  where is this and why are those fields so pretty ? 
  resistance via civil litigation and protest is futile . 
  good news ? 
  more like uk inc. , subsidiary of corporate america . 
  uk inc. , a brighter future , today . 
  as is the nature of a human economic system . 
  when one economy starts to fail , comparatively another starts to rise . 
  sadly no , even if we did axe military spending we 'd still be unable to enact real change for cultural reasons . 
  what was that last one ? 
  where is this from ? 
  so what exactly does this mean ? 
  good luck !, 
  someone called for a master at building walls ? 
  i will build a wall !, 
  it going to be the best wall , a beautiful wall . 
   #allgoatlivesmatter ftfy ; it really is a lovely goat . 
  this is correct ; i generally do n't see russia as `` europe '' as its as much europe as it is asia . 
  healthcare thing ca n't be helped , a lot of our problems stem from cultural rather than resource problems . 
  the very idea of receiving assistance is looked down upon at best , vilified at worst ; consequently anyone that makes themselves successful in any way on their own is instantly given enormous respect . 
  you 'd need to rewrite the american psyche at its core ; and while it definitely is being dragged kicking and screaming into a new age of basic universal living assistance by necessity of the times ; i do n't think many react well to the idea overall simply because `` their parents did n't have to '' for instance . 
  as for a visa ; sadly you either come here intending to stay permanently or visit on holiday if you want a relatively easy go of things . 
  maybe one day the american ideals of how things should work will change where we 'd consider even true freedom of movement of goods and people like the eu does with at least our closest neighbors ; but for now its a pipe dream . 
  not like i 'd actually know ; i 'd be lucky to visit `` new jersey , texas '' and yes that is an actual place than see anything outside my state with how life is here . 
  you know . 
  i am starting to think the internet lies to me regularly about things ; even when i carefully fact check them to avoid this situations . 
  deep fried spicy tacos with ranch dressing . 
  not something to be proud of , but definitely something no one would think to , or want to make outside the usa . 
  its not like i am going to defend any us state 's public school system , they are all pretty low-bar setting . 
  its taught in the usa that the formation of the united kingdom started in 1707 with the unification of scotland and the kingdom of great britain . 
  regardless of actual historical accuracy ; the usa celebrates independence from great britain , and therefore the uk . 
  to be fair ; they 've gone through several regime changes since the founding of the first english colony on the shores of north america . 
  first they were the kingdom of england , then they were the kingdom of great britain , then they became part of the united kingdom . 
  also the united kingdom was founded in 1707 ; the usa declared independence in 1776 , more than 75 years later , and was granted their independence in 1783 . 
  so yes ; we do in-fact celebrate our independence from the uk . 
  neither have i ; the usa is almost as large as the entire european continent , if you include alaska . 
  new jersey is farther from parts of texas than london is to moscow if that helps for context . 
  california is almost as far from new jersey as new jersey is from london . 
  edit : been informed that it is relatively smaller , but still almost as large as all of europe . 
  googling images ; looks like jersey and new jersey are night and day . 
  new jersey is heavily urbanized like much of the us east coast , jersey looks almost idyllic . 
  am i missing something ? 
   single mandate districts i googled it ; and suddenly i realized its `` winner takes all '' . 
  okay , i think any democracy is screwed then if they implemented it . 
  its hard to articulate just how little the average us citizen actually knows about our political system . 
  at first i read this as new jersey . 
  then i remembered that the uk is a place we celebrate out independence from . 
  so anyway , how does jersey compare to new jersey , anyone know ? 
  single mandate districts ? 
  this is probably a european thing ; explain it please ? 
  i 'd really appreciate it . 
  your crimes against humanity are under unbrustifiable for sure . 
  also ; what is the european stance on moving to the usa ? 
  * ahem * do n't mind me continue . 
  american here . 
  american here ; even we do n't have this much denial when things are clearly going south for the country . 
  even if you comply with the rules on leave , you are n't eu anymore at the point , the eu financial capital obviously will be somewhere in the eu . 
  if you wanted it to stay they way , you should n't be trying to leave it . 
   ... well they werent third world ... 
  so yea ... american here ; eager to point out that a `` kleptocracy '' or oligarchy as it might be formally known , is something that can happen to any nation . 
  * for the ` mpire * good enough ? 
  this is true . 
  its a sad day when you ca n't make fun of america anymore because you made an even bigger fuck-up than they ever have in recent history . 
  its pretty hard to manage that .
