  we 've had half a dozen presidents pull us into wars we did n't want to be a part of and a congress/senate that let them . 
  i could go on , but you get the point , there is no reason to trust our government , because every time we 've relaxed the reins someone new gets into power and ruins the trust built . 
   europe has strong sense of the value of the collective good the `` american dream '' has been twisted and corrupted to mean `` to do things on your own '' , to encourage individualism , rather than collectivism . 
  its wholeheartedly , a stupid ideal . 
  humans did n't this far by not working together closely with each other . 
   `` throw the baby out with the bath water . '', 
  interesting ... imagery . 
  i do n't really get what you mean ? 
   using liberalism / socialism as an insult . 
  cold world ruined the ideology for us , made us associate it all with communism . 
  there was a period of persecution for anyone that even suggest something similar communism under mccarthy . 
  we actually called doing what he did `` mccarthyism '' . 
   trump on the bright side we got hillary probably , and the dark side hillary is just the same thing we always get , in the pocket of big business like all the rest . 
   genuine and incredibly worthwhile service to humanity so do doctors , teachers , and social workers ; yet no one is singing their praises are they ? 
  at least half our police are corrupt , and our military kills people by definition , though by necessity hopefully anyway . 
  why are we glorifying these people ? 
  * relatively * tiny , but yeah , its not a mountain sized statue . 
  prostitution is illegal in most parts of nevada still , or heavily regulated . 
  its completely illegal in clark county , which is where las vegas is . 
  do you have a link to a clip of that ? 
  i 'd imagine it looks horrific . 
  they probably did n't realize `` roast '' is american in the sense it will give you six kinds of heart disease in every bite . 
  actually yes it is . 
  its suppression of a certain view point of the american government within the american movie by offering a hefty incentive in the form of lending military equipment to films . 
  if their one provision for the loan is that you ca n't portray the american government in a negative context , then by definition its censorship through an economic incentive , its not like the film industry is going to turn down free military hardware to use in their films . 
  til dod engages in censorship through bribery of access to specialized `` props '' . 
  it is offensive . 
  frankly its made with the intention of an american audience as the focus group and everyone else as an after thought . 
  the usa as the central protagonist basically the theme of anything hollywood puts out unless it expressly is a story about an individual versus the us government . 
  its an artifact of american jingoism during the 90s when it came out , and the sequel film carries on these tones . 
  a usa made film will almost never portray the usa as the bad guy or a background country in a story conflict that encompasses the species or the world overall . 
  we in these sorts of stories will always be the `` big damn heroes '' that come the rescue of the `` less fortunate or powerful '' countries . 
  i really do n't like this is how hollywood works . 
  its gross pandering that distorts how america and americans are actually seen in the world and only serves to further the `` patriotic '' personality cult that underlies modern american culture . 
   you 're just wrong here , i 'm afraid . 
  the way i see it ; the technical details do n't matter as the actual results . 
  a supreme court ruling does not remove the laws from the books , it only makes the unenforceable . 
  this is not the same as being `` illegal '' , its just the effective result of a ruling . 
  regardless of my misunderstanding , i am not wrong that it does in fact , require us to reform our laws in order to actually be free of the death penalty . 
   metric system . 
  something makes me think it will be hard to get people to switch . 
   it would literally take one opinion by the supreme court ; very easy . 
  supreme court rulings do not make something `` illegal '' , rather they make them `` unenforceable '' , case in point , the standing laws for the death penalty went back into effect once their first ruling was over-turned . 
  i am fairly sure the eu would require we actually reform our laws directly . 
   capital punishment this would take a case being brought forward to our supreme court . 
  otherwise you 'd need to systematically reform every state that has capital punishment . 
  even then , a supreme court ruling only making standing laws unenforceable , if a ruling is overturned ; a law that was previously nullified but is still on the books by the ruling is valid to enforce again . 
   pro-putin mood never really seen this ; examples ? 
  matey we call them freedom !, 
  fries and mcchickenmurica !, 
  nuggets , but yes ; fuck yeah delicious !, 
  its so gross i agree . 
  oh my , the horror !, 
  fortunately no , please spare me the horror . 
  i can already guess how gross it is . 
   anything that comes out of a deep-fryer should be regarded as industrial-grade deliciousness ftfy seriously though , its not all bad ... ^ just ^ kidding, 
   i went to a mcdonalds i went to mcdonalds once ... now i ca n't stop . 
  seriously though i agree , its pretty terrible . 
   barbarian sound like an american conservative . 
  still ; i am not exactly going to defend places that endorse explicit slavery . 
   poor or barbarian countries such as ? 
   that would have been a much more appropriate title for this tread . 
  yes ; but this title inspires not only a discussion on those differences , but also puts forward the possibility of discussing the ramifications of `` what if '' the usa somehow joined in a greater union with the eu as an `` international union of states '' . 
   i do n't think this very over simplified discussion here in this tread does any justice to the complexity of the subject no it does not , but it certainly is a wonderful discussion regardless to have . 
  its a nice highlight on the differences between the eu and the usa on a economic , political and social level . 
   freedom of movement just out of the gate and already probably at an impasse  current us laws forbidding felons to vote i have no clue why this was even made law . 
  however , i am fairly sure this is actually part of our constitutions principles that made it possible . 
   us budget deficit is borderline , with 3 % being the allowed limit , and government debt is too high , would need to be decreased . 
  how else are we going to fuel the military-industrial complex ? 
  seriously though , how do people in the eu view our military budget anyway ? 
   usa might be expected to ratify the kyoto protocol , for instance , and commit to reducing greenhouse emissions . 
  of all the things on this list , this one probably be the one with both the most support and opposition in equal measure . 
   copenhagen criteria went through that actually elsewhere in this thread ; feel free to look for that . 
  however tl : dr : a lot . 
  name one we definitely do n't comply with ? 
  one we do n't have mentioned here already anyway . 
  you know , i find something immensely amusing about the idea of us cutting ourselves from the continental shelf , slapping engines on our continent and crashing into the shores of the iberian peninsula . 
  it sounds like the sort of batshit insanity we 'd do . 
  does n't it ? 
  am i wrong ? 
  seriously though ; read the text that prefaces this scenario . 
  i am implying `` what if the usa and the eu merged into a greater * international * entity '' ? 
  literally started googling it mid-read ; realized you had a link . 
  anyway ... lets get on with the show  respect for and protection of minorities as long as they are n't * new * minorities . 
  how lovely that works here . 
   human rights ; if a right is inalienable , that means it can not be bestowed , granted , limited , bartered away , or sold away - sigh - i am embarrassed when i realize we tend not to adhere to this . 
   economic ; euro convergence criteria we 'd soon die than give up our precious penny . 
  we waste a bit of our national budget on something that does n't actually work as currency . 
   examination ; the universal declaration of human rights  3 . 
  everyone has the right to life , liberty and security of person . 
  nope , death penalty is big in conservative states , liberty is frequently uncut by corporate profiteering and we be perfectly honest we do n't trust our police forces . 
  no one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment . 
  * and *  6 . 
  everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law . 
  our treatment of those in guantanamo bay comes to mind ; but also there is the distinct likelihood we conduct torture regularly far afield as well as at home within our military ; intelligence services , police forces . 
   9 . no one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest , detention or exile . 
  this happens often enough to be worth mentioning . 
  everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him . 
  * and *  11 ; both portions . 
  excepts as follows , ( 1 ) presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial .
