  * vomits regurgitated patriotism and deep fried murica !, 
  freedom * never again ; nsfw/nsfl that . 
  i swear , i 've never seen this movie . 
  i have no intention to . 
   assumption that we follow you politics closely . 
   another thing is assuming we got the same holidays we are taught from an early age we are `` the greatest '' and `` most important '' , country in the world , so its not surprising . 
   claiming to go on a trip around the whole europe . 
  to the average american ; europe stops at uk ( england really ) , france and spain . 
  everything past that does n't exist ( not literally ) , this is because we are n't told much about europe to start off , most people ca n't afford more than a few stops ; so they end up just going to the places they are taught about are good destinations . 
  therefore : france , spain and england . 
   pretty similar to the us i expect but that square thing at the left bottom contains the mayonaise-like sauce : blasphemy !, 
  that burger does n't look fattening enough to be a true mcdonalds burger . 
  pope ronald will need to have a word with someone for this !, 
   mckroket . 
  a kroket is a bit of a ragout ( usually in the form of a sausage ) that is covered in breadcrumbs and deep-fried if they brought this to the usa ( if they have n't already ) , i 'd imagine it be fairly popular . 
  this scares me that i do n't know . 
  explain please ? 
   freedom of speech freedom of speech in this country only exists up until the point of which its inconvenient to the narrative that politicians and corporate special interests drive . 
  this is too perfect . 
  someone needs to make gifs of these clips . 
   this is so rare that i 'm not sure if i can believe it . 
  whenever someone recommends i watch a movie from before 00s , i usually go back to watching michael bay films because having my intelligence drained is preferable to listening to their insufferable insistence its the greatest movie of all time , whatever that movie may be . 
  seriously though ; i just do n't watch very many movies . 
   for the longest time i assumed it was mandatory . 
  it actually is mandatory here ( pledge ) , i believe ( will check to confirm ) ; however most teachers will give you at their discretion the choice to only stand rather than speak the pledge . 
   sound of music i 've never heard of it either . 
   topless beaches . 
  you could have stopped right there , and i could of already known . 
  that is a quick way to spoil everyone 's fun . 
  honestly ; this is one of those questions that is appropriate to ask europe in general , since it does apply to you as a whole . 
  semantics though aside ; i see the point made . 
  is there an equivalent comic for how the british see americans ? 
  you ... are n't wrong . 
  its creepy , highly `` patriotic '' ( american code for nationalist and mild nativism attitudes ) , and frankly its been co-opted for religious-political purposes with the `` under god '' verse being added to the pledge . 
  its like everything else in america to be honest at this point . 
   the carnage of both ww that europeans inflicted upon themselves kind of tamed this sanguine inner workings of man . 
  i mean , france is still cleaning up debris left-over from ww 1 . 
  the absolute devastation of landscapes is still very much leftover in europe . 
  whole cities were burned to the ground . 
  millions perished ; and the americas and americans never truly experienced much of the real horror of those wars . 
  all those wars ultimately did was fuel us imperialism even further , and militarize our nation to an extreme . 
  which is ironic in its own way , do n't you think ? 
   then why keep voting for the people/parties you mistrust ? 
  if people still vote in the same way they ca n't distrust them that much . 
  we have no power to change this . 
  just as many dissatisfied and satisfied with the status quo . 
  there is no system in place to actually reform the government except through the same broken systems that the corporations and politicians have firmly under their control . 
  there is a good reason political apathy is at a high in the usa , we legitimately can not enact real change anymore , and the systems reminds us of this again and again each year . 
   who can be fooled into buying more by a fake smile . 
  i mean , you are n't wrong , its part of the point of creating a `` friendly ' atmosphere in america . 
  well , yeah . 
  americans like their guns and it 's a very political issue for some reason , even more so then the germans and their speed-limitless autobahn and we can really get our knickers in a twist over that shit . 
  staying on the topic of walmart , you can go the section that is usually between the automotive and electronics section `` sporting goods '' , where you will find rifles and possibly pistols in stock . 
  process that for a moment ; we labeled dangerous tools as `` sporting goods '' . 
   we want politicians to be politicians . 
  if they 're actors as well , we 'd have difficulties trusting them . 
  for us , if they are actors , they become governors , in the case of gov. 
  seriously though , its definitely an interesting thing about politics i never realized did n't happen else where . 
   differences in between states of the union . 
  so its a consequence of us fully federalizing mid-way into our history . 
  originally , before the civil war , we were closer to a confederation than a federal republic . 
  after the civil war , the unionists strengthened federal powers , transforming us in a federal republic formally in practice . 
  the usa is essentially a collection of various independent former colonies , annexed states and nations , and territories that all had their own unique and individual sub-cultures as well as independent regional differences ; challenges before formally becoming a part of the greater union of the united states . 
  this has resulted in each state having historically a different attitude to issues which is reflected by the times and changes of politics over decades , that is vastly different from the usa as whole , as we are n't a `` whole '' but rather parts of a whole that make up a greater country . 
   - military which is rather politicized . 
  it seems that you 're either think of them as murderers or heroes its politicized because its an issue that is hard to vilify , rendering neutrally or justify not having in our culture . 
  everyone is on their own side of the fence with it because its easy to use as a tool in a country paranoid and fearful of those beyond our borders , obsessed with guns , and taught from a young age that `` those in the line of fire deserve the most respect '' . 
   doctors , teachers , and social workers actually , considering their work environments and the problems faced by american society ; they have a similar chance of being shot . 
   that 's so ridiculous and sensationalist . 
  the vast majority of police are just trying to do their jobs . 
  alright ; lets look at the statistics for death by cop in america , and compare it to that in european countries . 
  lets compare police indictment rates , to those in european countries . 
  lets compare cases of police brutality to those in european countries . 
  collect those statistics , read them , and if i wrong , present both for us to read . 
  otherwise my point stands , in short , prove me wrong . 
   that 's kind of the point of a military , yes . 
  the purpose of a military is to protect the sovereignty of its nation from external threats . 
  its not something to be used callously to topple governments or hunt for terrorists when the funding is better spent on good intelligence and intelligence services which has proven far more effective over the last decade and half . 
  more importantly is we grossly over-spend for what we actually need to to maintain and utilize our standing army . 
  we are n't getting into a mass land war anytime soon ; to be in one in the 21st century is the suicide of not just your whole country , but possibly the entire species if it escalates to nuclear arms . 
   food : obvious . 
  restaurant servings are scary . 
  too big ; like comparison anywhere ? 
   `` guns bacon '' video of ted cruz i am fairly sure that is just how he talks and acts . 
   obama campaign ad 2008 wanted to be seen as american and not `` foreign '' like conservative politics were trying to make him seem back in 2008 and 2012 , and still are at times . 
   the philosophy of freedom  the negative view of government as opposed to corporations i can say confidently that the younger generations are n't like this much anymore and there is going to be a serious populist movement in the next 30-60 years if the trends hold . 
   being offended by everything such as ? 
  though i see your point  some weird problems with nipples we are fine with breasts just right up to the nipple ; i find it weird too . 
  that would be nice !, 
   disneyland paris imagining a french mickey mouse sitting out in front greeting guests is too perfect . 
  what went wrong exactly ? 
   `` can you please send me these reports asap , thanks '' * and if you could get me a coffee ... that be great . 
  reading this article and realizing that the average american has no concept of `` what is european '' , and just how vastly different americans are from europeans ideologically . 
  asians cultures are actually much closer to how american culture is than european culture . 
  am i wrong ? 
   the intense distrust that some sectors of american society have with organised society in the form of government . 
  i mean . 
  we 've got good reason . 
  all of our minorities for a start have been persecuted at some point in their history within this country . 
  we 've had eras of political persecution such as the mccarthy era , under which thousands were persecuted and accused for being associated or accused of being associated with communism .
