   i mean cases where toddler find guns , play with them and shoot somebody . 
  just unload your gun and keep it somewher safe . 
  oh i see we ; we just call that `` a shocking amount of people died by toddlers last year '' . 
   it seems to me that kids are under a lot of pressure american exceptionalism strike again here . 
  we are expected to get a good paying job , a college degree , be better or at least as good as our parents , own our own home , our own car , and perhaps even have a family ... all by age 40 at the most . 
  it starts early we a lot of importance placed on academics in our education system . 
   you have a person captured in peacetime in a developed western country , just why !, 
  largely , the american prison system has become a tool of revenge , not justice . 
  its rather sad , we honestly ca n't do much about it though . 
   contact-less cards looked it up ; i am fairly sure we do technically have them , but the roll out for the scanners is slow and they are n't common place yet . 
   toddler shooters . 
  ... really where ? 
  i have no clue . 
   monopolies of internet providers . 
  its a philosophy of american goverment and economics that allowing `` natural monopolies '' to exists in services stabilizes prices . 
  obviously this is n't how it actually works , however this is the society we live in . 
   forcing too much tests on children . 
  context ; what is different in europe ? 
   no free university education  no free healthcare this one i can answer in two words : `` american dream '' . 
  the idea that in america you should be massively successful off your own hard work and determination . 
  i believes its more commonly referred to as `` american exceptionalism '' elsewhere . 
  it makes it really hard to implement any sort of populist , socialist policies ; mostly because both of those words for a start are taken in a negative context by half our population at least . 
   no chip-and-pin cards , but unsecured magnetic stripes actually we have both i believe . 
  it depends on the banking service you use ; i see your point though , it probably should be industry standard . 
   no vat , but complicated sales taxes its so complicated you might actually know more than i do . 
   people are struggling much more than you and still you are the one wining ? 
  this is n't a pity contest ; i am telling you why it is n't way you think it is here . 
  people are too focused on their own personal lives to care about political in my nation unless it directly effects them in some way . 
  its how i assumed it worked everywhere , but maybe i am wrong ? 
   your fault not mine actually , no it is n't . 
  the policies that were setup to allow for all that were made during the very different america of 1930s and 40s and later cold war era america . 
   what makes you think the army would be against the revolution ? 
  okay historically for one ; the majority of the military sided with the union in our civil war . 
  secondly its been shown time and again throughout our history from the first major revolts immediately after our independence from the british empire , to the civil war , to the internment of us citizens during ww2 , to the use of the military as tool to suppress riots during the war protests of the vietnam war that our military will happily go along with orders as long as there is agreeable context for that specific time period anyway . 
  an armed revolution would be put down mercilessly ; as it be seen as a `` domestic enemy of the state '' ; not as a `` peoples movement '' as you would assume . 
  the military indoctrination , and police indoctrination are strong . 
  i really doubt an armed revolution will ever happen again in usa history , and further doubt more than a vocal minority within the us military would support it . 
   do something , your voice counts . 
  you are a part of the nation and therefore responsible for its governing . 
  okay ; no . 
  it does n't . 
  first off , we do n't elect our president , not really . 
  the two political parties decide essentially who gets to run ; and we are forced to pick between them . 
  in the sense that we have to pick the shinier of which two turds to put in the white house . 
  secondly large corporations ( hundreds of thousands of people , led by a few dozen , with millions to billions of dollars backing them ) have a very vested interest in maintaining the status quo for their own benefit . 
  as do our politicians as they get political contributions from them that help them get elected in the first place . 
  platforms and ideals do not get you an elected position in the usa , dollars and advertisements do . 
  you ca n't get elected if no one knows you even exist . 
   start a political party , or destroy society , tear it to the ground and build up a socialist state , of the people , by the people , for the people not going to to happen . 
  for one , reverence of the state has a very subtle but noticeable undertone when you speak to the average american about how our country is doing . 
  it permeates both sides of our politics to different degrees , part of it is ignorance , a lot of it is arrogance . 
  our country is built on the idea of a strong and enduring goverment . 
  it took a serious challenge to how this should work over a 100 years during our civil war to even consider trying to topple the goverment . 
  also ; google `` american dream '' , for context on why its ridiculously difficult to get any sort of socialism implemented in this country . 
   the nation is responsible for its goverment . 
  excuse us if we are too busy buried under student debt and life expenses to be able to have the energy to manage what our goverment does . 
   the nation has a the right to a revolution at any time . 
  alright , so for start , our military is still somewhat mobilized . 
  so any armed revolution would get squashed under tank treads and drone air support . 
  secondly a more civil sociopolitical revolution is difficult because our establishment is designed in such a way as to pit half the population against the other half ; but rendering both incapable of rendering any real change to the system beyond what is immediately popular for liberal and conservative leaning citizens respectively . 
  its not like we do n't care , its just we legitimately have no capacity to render any change within the system anymore . 
  we have n't had any real control over our goverment since the 1950s-70s in practice . 
  so whatever you think are the `` sins '' of the american people , its a much more complicated sociopolitical issue than what it appears on the surface . 
  i mean if you are going to go there , the same can be said for much of europe historically . 
  lets not forget europe was n't always the way it is now . 
  ouch . 
  true . 
  however ; most of the time we steal themes and make our own food . 
  which makes sense considering the historical context of being an `` immigrant nation '' . 
  although i admit before looking it up , i assumed it was american . 
  who else would deep fry a mars bar right ? 
  ( for me , its a candy in case i am missing something here ) . 
  still ; i am just saying its a significant * part * of american foods rather than it * is * american food . 
  it is however ; everywhere in america . 
  so you could argue while it is n't necessarily exclusive to american food ; it is an integral part of american foods . 
   unlabelled samples of various sauces i would definitely not be able to tell which came from where . 
  the american ones will undoubtedly be sweet . 
  cafeteria for whom ? 
  also , random question here but ... do you happen to know the difference between tomato sauce from where you are from and the usa ? 
  what kind of building is it actually ? 
  i ca n't tell if its an office , a store front or a home ; or if its an apartment building . 
  restaurants that serve food like what americans eat i think is what op means . 
  think american homestyle and deep fried foods . 
  that actually would look perfectly fine if you painted or paneled it . 
  even just redoing the original wall colors be fine actually ; looks like it used to be a rosy color ? 
   mainly jokes about having loads of guns oh ... its a lot more than load of guns . 
  we actually in some states for instance can legally own disarmed tanks and also its technically legal to own explosive ordinance including rocket propelled grenade launchers . 
  as long as you have a permit i believe . 
  actually ; is scary is that tanks are relatively easy to obtain ( as collector 's items , as their barrels are usually filled in with concrete to prevent them being used ) whereas demilitarized rpg 's are nearly impossible to get due to expense . 
  america is weird huh ? 
   how the fuck am i meant to know uk/us exchange just assume its less than the value of the pound ... for now . 
  you poor , unfortunate souls , so sad ; it is true ? 
   armor actually makes it more dangerous oh ; you are n't wrong . 
  however that is a matter of getting proper regulations in place ; you 'd still the armor for a american full contact sport like football because there is no way they get rid of the basic tackles . 
   really grind my gears i lol 'd ; you know that is a family guy ref right ? 
   rugby forgot . 
   american football is gaining popularity even though it has a reputation for being for weaklings ( it 's the armour ) . 
  i am trying to imagine that ; then i realize you do n't understand just how easy it is to get injured playing american football . 
  so for future reference : a 104 + kg object made of meat and bone is crashing into your body at 32 kph + ; this 104 + kg object will then crush your body as you fall to the ground with several gs of force . 
  its dangerous ; and even with the armor players will end up with serious injuries including head injuries .
