  * that is why political apathy is so god damn strong here * , our vote really does not count . 
  i am * sick and tired * of europeans thinking they know how this country works . 
  it does not work that way . 
  it has not worked that way in thirty years , it barely worked that way before pac funds became a legal option for bribery . 
  yeah ... i am picking up on that . 
  you really do need to live in the usa full time to appreciate why the culture is the way it is though . 
  if you look at it through the lens of a european democracy , you will fail to grasp that some things just are n't possible here . 
  we are n't a democracy , many studies agree we are an oligarchy . 
  trump 's popularity among republicans is 87 % . 
  please ... i am telling you about * my country * here . 
  trust me when i tell you that it is n't going to work out that way . 
  you do n't realize just how deluded the right and far right are compared to the right centers and leftists in this country . 
  republicans have been getting away with roughly the same that trump has been doing , albeit comparatively low-key ; for decades . 
  trump is nothing new , he is just the most overt extension of a festering problem with the american right-wing . 
  plenty of presidents have done many of the things he has done , just not in such a short span of time and sheer quantity . 
  nothing trump has done is anything that a us president has n't done before at least once . 
  the only thing that sets him apart is he got into office during a republican held majority legislature and scotus on a wave of rising right-wing populism , which makes impeachment difficult due to obstructive and blatantly corrupt nature of the gop . 
  essentially he 's `` fallen in the cracks '' of the normal checks and balances . 
  in general though ? 
  you ca n't count on republicans or the general public doing anything . 
  people care more that food is on the table now than whether we 'll be breathing pollutants in 30 years down the road ; do you realize that 50k usd is considered poor here ? 
  sanctions , embargoes . 
  a lot . 
  what are n't you getting ? 
  america the goverment and america the people are not one and the same . 
  *** we do not have any influence or control over our goverment or its policies . 
  *** we have n't for 30 + years now . 
  we can not `` clean up our act '' , the government and corporations are running the show here not us , the people . 
   can make it 4 years without impeachment impeachment requires 2/3 of the house ( republican controlled and `` fully backing '' trump ) and then 2/3 of senate ( republican controlled , not entirely backing of trump ) . 
  essentially as long as he does anything just short of murdering someone in broad daylight or overt treason , trump will likely make it through half his term . 
  2018 mid-term will come along and democrats need to win a majority in the house to start impeachment proceedings as republicans will not start them as long as they control the house ( something they will , at the time of 2018 , not had since 2011 , or 11 years [ refer to this chart for more details ] ( https://www.infoplease.com/history-and-government/us-government/composition-congress-political-party-1855-2017 ) ) . 
  if they fail to secure the house in 2018 , trump will again , barring murder or treason , make it through his entire term . 
  so please kill your optimism about american politics , its dangerous . 
  it is n't even among a remote possibility . 
  banking on the assistance of a man who may well be senile or going through some level of mental illness ( compare trump 2000-2012 to trump now , its clear something happened ) and you will fail . 
  really wish there was a stronger response in general coming from europe . 
  as things go the usa is going to be a bull-in-a-global-china-shop for the next 4 - ( its more likely than you think ) 8 years as long as trump is the captain of this vessel . 
  some level of intervention from the global community will be needed . 
  can confirm that one sadly . 
  like totally believe that lol . 
   literally ... you probably are n't a native speaker so i 'll let it slide this once . 
  yet * give them time to build the starship union jack . 
  american here . 
  might be overstepping my bounds but should n't that island chain just north of france be in the `` not-europe '' category . 
  just my observation . 
  * cough *, 
  i wish this was an r/askanamerican thread ... 
  i have a very fun answer to a thread like this . 
   but the court made a verdict that aurora borealis is made by nature , not by a blogger , so it 's has nothing to do with art and copyright . 
  it was rather funny . 
  i mean ... they are n't wrong . 
  american here !, 
  yes . 
  in fact , a driving force of it is the usa . 
  the corrupt nature of our goverment means that when our media companies do n't like what a certain country is allowing i.e letting piracy be hosted in their country , they pressure the us goverment to put pressure on those countries . 
  yes , it does happen , and to all countries on all continents that host any us copyrighted materials . 
  if there is a sudden push to enforce internet piracy laws in a country , there 's a solid chance us business interests have their fingers in that pie somewhere . 
   eu has certain demands that countries * such as * the usa can not meet * cough * minor thing bugged me , not least of which is i am fairly sure i am the progenitor of one of those threads on the subject . 
  [ sure enough , spent a few minutes going through old submissions and found it , it was really deep in there ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4qwbvm/lets_say_it_was_somehow_possible_for_the_usa_to/ ) . 
  immigrant status means nothing here in the usa , one of the few notable things about the usa more especially in the later part of the 20th than now in the 21st century is immigrants really do have many of the same opportunities as natural born citizens once they have the appropriate work visa mostly because its assumed you 'll eventually apply for full citizenship at some point . 
  so there seems to miscommunication ; i am saying this is what he was in the usa not what he was in czechoslovakia . 
  also ; if his wife worked even at the simplest of jobs , it would utterly mitigate the cost of her in the household as she would not be a dependent but rather a secondary income provider . 
  even if she did n't work , having a dependent was a lot less harsh in the 80s and 90s due to a variety of dependent tax credits combined with the higher proportionality of pay to what is now . 
  inflation has gone up by a substantial ( relative ) amount since the start of 1990 . 
  34k then which is roughly the median salary of a computer programer in that period between 1990-2000 , is 64k today and wages * have not gone up substantially * . 
  meaning if he tried doing what he did then today , he 'd be doing the same , or more work , for proportionally less pay . 
  the 90s was before the early 21st century housing bubble crash . 
  assuming he was like most people in the 80s and 90s that used their proportionally better ( due to lower cost of living and lower inflation ) income combined with the loans of period , owning an number of houses is not surprising or special . 
  also this is the 80s and 90s where coding was a rarer skill , so he probably would 've been well paid proportionally to his peers . 
  ergo : he was a young educated middle class male with no dependents and a highly valuable skill in the job market . 
  that is what is usually considered the top 25 % here in the usa . 
  ( 100k + w / family or 65k with no dependents is roughly in this range ) [ its not that easy to do what he did then granted , but it is definitely nearly impossible now due to the rise of new technologies and a stagnant economy thanks to lax regulation that among other things , caused said housing crash . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wski8hfcxek ), 
  all countries have laws ; i chose to interpret it as `` country where nothing * sufficiently * regulated '' . 
  okay . 
  how about this . 
  start talking to americans . 
  ask this question `` would you recommend me living in the usa ? '' . 
  really all i can recommend you do , because you 've already decided you wo n't take my word for it , which means i can not tell you anything that will convince you . 
  so go talk to other people . 
  i 've lived here from my entire life . 
  i think i understand and know it better than an outsider . 
  i will tell you now this country is not a good place to live if you are poor , uneducated , have a family , young , old , middle class , educated , or of any faith other than christian ( and even then only the `` right '' kind of christian ) . 
  do n't come here , there is nothing for you , there are better places to live . 
  if i had to sum up this country in one short paragraph it be thus : the usa is the country equivalent of a mlm . 
  it sucks you in with promises of quick success , wealth and status , only for it to force you to work harder than everyone else in the same class of work for far less pay and benefits , and with the constant expectation of the `` company '' to perform . 
  edit : it better be americans downvoting me and not europeans that have `` talked to americans '' or `` visited here for a few days '' . 
  i can understand kneejerk reactions from americans . 
  to europeans that read this : if a european from a different country said he knew all about your country because they talked to a token number of your countrymen , or visited for a few days , or watched a lot of your media . 
  how would you feel ? 
  i 've lived here my entire life , been to several different states , talked to hundreds of fellow americans etc. 
  why is my opinion of my own country , that i have experienced personally , less valuable than that of an outsider who has talked a to a token number of americans . 
  that 's my point here ; i can comfortable say this is not a good country to live in unless you are middle class to rich , lucky , educated and with no dependents . 
  that 's the best scenario to find yourself living in this country ; everyone else faces daily struggles . 
  american here , seeing the number of `` no regulation '' responses made me decide to reply . 
  no you do n't . 
  i live in said country . 
  ask yourself , do you want to live in the usa ? 
  that 's all you really need to ask to know if you really want to live in a country that does n't effectively regulate its economy . 
  a lot of the common issues here are rooted by a common thread of how my society handles goverment regulation , economics and money .
