  look man ... these are legitimate points that the future * might * actually be scary for you too . 
  you need to understand we live in a global community , europe 's problems are n't entirely exclusive to europe anymore than the united states of america 's problems are to us . 
  there are things that could happen in the next 4 years that could seriously hurt you if you are n't preparing for them . 
  do n't say i did n't warn you man . 
  not really ; those are all facts . 
  we do have all those things , our ring wing * is * in charge of all three branches now and has almost enough power to force constitutional amendments through our legislative branch < = = those are nearly permanent changes to how our country works in case you missed that . 
  trump and pence have stated positions they will disband the epa , and even if * they * are n't , there is going to be large enough right wing majority to disband it through the legislative branch . 
  so no ; this is n't comedy , there is n't anything freaking funny about this . 
  this is everyone 's future , whether they like it or not . 
  now we all get to wait and see if its a dark one or a bright one . 
  yeah , here its not the case . 
  so your election process is already better . 
  so here is how it works . 
  political parties are private organizations here in the usa . 
  so although unethical its not technically illegal to use certain tactics to reduce delegate access to the primary . 
  the democratic national committee ( dnc ) and the republican national committee are the organizational branch of the political parties that oversees internal candidate nominations . 
  so first ; we have super-delegates , delegates that get a vote that is worth more than one votes they can use regardless of how democrats or republicians in their state voted in their state primary . 
  second they shamed or prevented sanders delegates from showing their support at the national convention . 
  finally they reduced access by detaining or delaying delegates ; reducing overall turnout . 
  in essence they reduced sanders delegate turnout and the super-delegates that get a vote worth more than an ordinary delegate mostly voted for hillary . 
  people wonder why no one in my country wants to bother with politics , and this is why . 
  its incredibly difficult to get the candidates you want on the ballot in the first place . 
  yeah ... all 50 million of the people that voted for trump in country of 322 million . 
  remind those people that less than 1/4 of americans voted for trump , please ? 
  he won because of our broken electoral system not because americans wanted him , hillary won the popular vote . 
   make good changes in the end . 
  [ all i can say is here is his campaign positions . 
  ] ( https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/ ) let me know if you are still optimistic . 
  yeah you would n't normally think it , but the majority of south-most border texas for instance is left leaning while the rest of the enormous state is n't . 
  most people do n't realize there is a part of texas that is completely blue . 
  yeah between the dnc alienating youth and independent voters by suppressing sanders delegates during the primary and trump rallying the rural voters that largely felt ignored and marginalized by politicians , was n't all that surprising . 
  i kind of knew that we had an even chance of getting either candidate the moment hillary was nominated ; bernie was the popular choice and they passed him over because of internal squabbles . 
   ` the greatest country in the world ' yeah ... half the country does n't believe that and has n't for 50 years . 
  you seem to have a very narrow view of the usa so let me break it down for you why trump won . 
  first ; he lost the popular vote , but then won the electoral vote . 
  this was accomplished primarily for two reasons one of which because he rallied rural voters ( 150 million or so voters live outside of major urban centers ) . 
  this first and foremost , caused several states with typically low voter turnout to have higher turn out and vote in his favor . 
  second ; there is a significant minority of voters that just wanted a candidate from outside the established order of things and genuinely did not care if it was bernie or trump . 
  the dnc likely engaged in voter suppression during their primary and screwed bernie ( a far more popular candidate than hillary ) out of the nomination . 
  this not only turned this minority of voters ; but also cost them a large chunk of the youth voter which they only continued to lose as they alienated them through the entire campaign . 
  we live in a system where the candidates we want wo n't be allowed to be elected , where our vote for president literally does not matter otherwise hillary would 've been elected , and where corporate interests can violate our rights with impunity . 
  you then look at us like idiot bumpkins ... but that is n't the case : most of us are just tired . 
  did n't know a thing about them . 
  first mention of it . 
  that ... is really reassuring . 
  i keep forgetting a some of people here live in a euro-centered bubble which can be just as dangerous as living in an america-centered bubble . 
   the thing that shocks me more are the riots and beatings of people because they voted trump that is happening since the elections . 
  source ? 
  elaborate ? 
  yeah , welcome to the american political system . 
  you sound like an american even in a certain context . 
  basically every bernie sanders supporter felt when he was actually winning only for him to get crushed by delegate suppression at the primary . 
  a lot of people instantly lost all faith in our process all together . 
   furthermore trump supporters try to support m.le pen here and want to do the same with her and that , that really pisses me off ( sorry for this ) . 
  that is rather ... bad . 
  anyway , i am on a book buying spree this year with the `` trumpocaylpse '' as my theme . 
  if you want to join me in my trump-proof prepper bunker when its built , you can !, 
  i am aware of all this . 
  except they are n't fully communist anymore , they shifted to a mixed economy model . 
  americans are n't ignorant about china . 
  we get it thrown in our face all the time as `` stealing our jobs '' , most of us do our research . 
  in any case , satisfied my question , thank you . 
  interesting focus . 
  what is the general opinion in your country of china ? 
   know i think that americans are just like their new president , just a bunch of douchebags . 
  half of all americans did n't even vote in the election , less than 1/4 of americans voted for trump . 
  that 's how bad our electorate process and political system is . 
  he did n't even get the popular vote , just the majority of electorate votes by a large margin . 
  a lot of it comes from vocal minorities from the rural areas coming out to vote this year alongside the disillusioned youth vote that originally wanted to vote for bernie . 
  no , this is something different . 
  i promise you , it really is . 
  a lot of you folks here in the europe-centric subreddits seem to think this is just business as usual or is n't that bad . 
  we wo n't need to wait long to find out if our fears over here in the usa are justified though . 
   eu to forget the petty domestic shit and unite due to waking up in a more hostile world . 
  i hope that works out . 
  honestly i do n't see our world getting much better in 50 years . 
  yeah , ignore the country with one of the world 's largest nuclear stockpiles , second largest economy , and one of the world 's largest standing armies with military bases all around the world . 
  yeah ; ignore that all while the ring-wingers of said country just made a magnificent play for the entire federal goverment . 
  seriously ; the right wing will officially have full control of all three branches of goverment on january 20th when trump is sworn in . 
  ignore world events at your peril . 
  this is more serious than you realize for everyone 's future . 
  never mind the potential ( however unlikely ) implications of us sliding further and further to the right . 
  the most important thing you need to understand is the usa is an enormous polluter and trump is going ( probably ) to disband the epa , ceasing all measures its taken to cut our emissions . 
  the environmental damage is going to be staggering if that happens . 
  unfortunately both of us live on planet earth where this is happening right now ; air pollution and climate change do n't give a care for geopolitical boundaries . 
  i am surprised it took this much obvious discourse for you guys to get what i 've pushed a few times in this subreddit . 
  just because we have a common heritage does n't mean we are anything alike . 
  people living in california think , act and dress nothing like people in mississippi or alabama . 
  every single state has its own history that has shaped the hearts and minds of those that live in them . 
  there is a reason the united states can/has been called a `` laboratory of democracy '' . 
  edit : anyone that downvotes better have lived in the usa for at least a year in multiple states or you do n't know enough about my country first-hand to know if you are right or not using the downvote button as a disagree button . 
  agreed . 
  no hope of that though , the political parties here need the electoral college to rig the system . 
  why do something that would harm your chances of electing your candidate , not to mention give power to other parties ; neither side wants it . 
  100 million americans determined the fate of my country . 
  approx . 
  250 million are eligible to vote . 
  what happened is trump stirring the rural communities turn out resulted in him getting a large lead over clinton ; also bernie being passed over by clinton due to internal dnc politics resulted in a lot of public disdain of her as a candidate from the independent and youth voters . 
  she never had a chance to win because no one actually wanted her that was going to vote . 
  in essence .
