  ( 2 ) no one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed . 
  nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed . 
  yeah ; we have both mandatory minimums which make our trials punishment guaranteed to be at some level of harshness , just as well , various peoples of various differences from gender , socioeconomic background etc ; are given different sentences for similar crimes more often than not . 
  no one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation . 
  everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks . 
  nsa , cia , fbi ; all i need to say . 
  our intelligence agencies have a tendency to be a little too spy happy . 
   article 25 & 26 , which at the risk of making this post far too long , essentially are `` healthcare , well-being is guaranteed '' and `` access to education '' its a given this is probably our most immediately noticeable problem area in essence ; this is what i 've gleamed combing through this charter . 
  europe seems to have gone towards this more closely , the usa seems to have grown further apart from it . 
  also while i do assume europeans know what i 'd be talking about in regards to exercepts , americans who browse through this will wonder what it is i am referencing . 
  its for their sake . 
   britain did it key here is who is doing it . 
   current political climate is as toxic as it is . 
  true enough . 
  we 've got a lot to improve . 
   democratic country should even consider . 
  the usa is n't truly democratic . 
  its a oligarchic puppet state that exists to serve those at the top of the socio-economic ladder , with semi-democratic elections to appease the masses . 
  bread and circuses , plain and simple . 
   rehabilitation or even punishment , but about revenge . 
  well if the private prison corporations have anything to say about it , it will also be about profit . 
   not really . 
  not killing people is n't that hard . 
  you 've never been to the usa have you ? 
  it does n't make any sense to me for the record either . 
   you ca n't deny people coming from other eu countries , whether they are tourists or eu citizens to enter the us through the eu . 
  sounds wonderful . 
  out of curiosity ; how would all this effect the nafta deal we 've got going on ? 
   ` no death penalty ' is an unalterable requirement of joining the eu that is an enormous amount of nation-wide reform . 
   keep in mind that your two party system is not helping here either . 
  major political reform would be required to fix that . 
   your whole fabric of society upside down to even start creating such union . 
  i am fairly sure that that is coming with the next few generations . 
  the youngest generations are highly disillusioned by a lot of what the older generations claim is `` american '' . 
   no death penalty . 
  agreed ; not to mention pushing reforms to make our prison system about rehabilitation . 
   ehic ouch , do n't remind me . 
   free movement of people and goods . 
  surprisingly , this is the easier of the two . 
  how good is the internet there ? 
  just asking for a friend of course !, 
   probably less fatal incidents than in the us though . 
  1000 fatal incidents in the previous year . 
  so yeah , probably . 
  age of the universe multiplied by the how disgusting the batch was . 
  seriously though ; one of the longest running experiments to answer that question is 40 years ( as it turns out , no one knows ) . 
   eat `` unhealthy '' things in moderation . 
  no , they are unhealthy . 
  the added sugar alone in most of our foods , and i should say all of our foods actually , and i do mean all of our food , is why we have so much diabetes and obesity . 
  then you get into the foods where the goal is to make it as unhealthy as possible . 
   otherwise life would n't be worth living . 
  life is n't worth living when you need to moderate your diet and life anyway after you get diabetes . 
   eating the healthiest possible food is n't always the goal . 
  this is why we are having a public health crisis in regards to obesity , as well as early age diabetes and high blood pressure . 
   eating the healthiest possible food is n't always the goal . 
  this is why we are having a health crisis . 
   rarely hear about them mistreating people . 
  i am envious . 
  maybe its because their food would n't give you diabetes and hypertension just standing near it and breathing it in ? 
  i mean can you really be proud that you deep fried oreos , or you discovered how to can milk curd and milk and lace it with half a chemical factory 's worth of ingredients to make it seem like `` cheese in a can '' , or make `` cheese '' that is knock offs of other cultures , or make `` breakfast '' pastries filled with ... okay does anyone even actually like poptarts ? 
  noted . 
  well , shame i 'll probably never be able to try some . 
  most of our food has dyes to `` improve '' its appeal to consumers . 
  do n't know about assuages between countries ; what causes the difference ? 
  what exactly is this kind of cheese ? 
  fun times ; i believe we have some sort of `` oktoberfest '' in the usa . 
  i believe its a cultural heritage event though in some states that had a lot of german immigrants . 
  i think the standard is half a liter here . 
  you will more often than not find half liter beer bottles . 
   sauce was sweet  so were the very moist , crumbly , big meatballs . 
  friend ... i think they were trying to poison you . 
  kidding ; we like our sauce sweet ; and we like our meat sweet . 
  i am genuinely surprised we do n't just eat sugar-cane and fruit salad with hfcs sauce . 
  we used to have super-sizes , but due to a documentary on the effects of super-sizes on the human body through regular consumption , especially mcdonalds and as well as similar companies discontinued the option . 
  largest cup size at mcdonalds is 32 american liquid ounces ; or 0.946353 liters . 
  is that big for you guys ? 
   sugary sweet packs of yoghurt  considered special treats for children rather than part of an adult diet . 
  jokes on you . 
  i think everyone tries them for nostalgia every once and awhile . 
  you probably * will * end up with our food exports , but a lot of our more valuable stuff like cars and such will be limited market . 
  basically unless you become like the usa and make your economy just as friendly as the usa itself to corporations , you ca n't really hope for much . 
  actually , really the only reason to trade with you i believe is your auto-manufacturers , so if you made your cars affordable for the average american you might be fine . 
   european emissions regulations . 
  i could n't help but chuckle . 
  speaking of bacteria cultures ; how often is `` yogurt '' consumed in european countries ? 
  is our yogurt really `` yogurt '' ? 
  did some googling , discovered we actually do the exact same thing with our salt . 
  best cheese in your opinion ? 
  actually ... the usa democrats has made it pretty clear they 'd rather work diplomatically and economic with the eu than the uk if it goes `` independent '' , so you are probably going to get a short-straw deal from us if clinton gets in office , if trump gets in when you are `` independent '' you are going to end up with a `` good deal '' and trump as your only friend in the world . 
  you decide which is worse . 
  such as ... i am curious about it suddenly . 
   oh great , we 're going to start getting parmigiano that was made in a sweatshop now . 
  what do you mean ? 
   it was like eating the distilled psychic essence of an orgasm . 
  how we feel about bacon . 
  `` cheese '' , but yes i know , but practically no one goes to any of those stores thinking `` i want american made cheeses '' unless its in pre-cut slices for burgers . 
  its just popular enough to be worth being on the shelves . 
  why exactly ca n't you import your cheeses ? 
  i mean expensive is one thing , but i belong a pound of `` havarti '' goes for 2.53 $ a pound here . 
   but who knows , maybe cheese is the next american food revolution in the next 10 years .
