full translation of the american bit ? 
  any part about spaniards ?!, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_holidays_in_spain `` a puente ( bridge ) is sometimes made between weekends and holidays that fall on tuesday or thursday . 
  the puente will then create a long weekend . '', 
  catholicism has a ** huge ** cultural element , even when you remove the religious element . 
  many are not true practicing catholics , but always respect will be given to the church , as is the culture . 
  the festivals will be celebrated , * all the festivals * muwahahahahahaahahahaha 4 day weekends . 
  * whatever you want . 
  french is the most fucked up romance language . 
  i vote catalan . 
  quillo !, 
  lol mate ... 
  i do n't really think you should be applauded for it though . 
  i find your flair to be kind of racist , but also really hilarious . 
  it 's the latter . 
  my real last name is phonetically close to tierney even . 
  long way to go for english in southern europe . 
  but irish , why ?!, 
  also my last name is irish and it 's pronounced the same in irish and english , but it 's spelled hilariously different . 
  i do n't want to give it away but the difference looks like : english - smith irish - o'tiernicyuerelrelywisiwit they 're both pronounced : `` smith '' . 
  ... go on . 
  ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ geography ^ ^ ^ nerds ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ this !, 
  plz give unto us economy . 
  just like catalan looks like a drunk french guy was writing in spanish and started mixing it all up . 
  yea french is absolutely out there for me most of the time when spoken compared to spanish . 
  i do love me some corn . 
  like a nation of goddamn eagles or somethin' . 
  it seems i replied to the wrong guy . 
  i wrote that pre cortado . 
  i think spanish and italian girls are . 
  i disagree with so much of what you 've said . 
  i do feel bad for you though , your party has been hijacked by idiots . 
  more of the profits go to the americans in that sell . 
  it 's because being independent from the west is just some bullshit they use to grab more support and make themselves appear strong . 
  the cunts at the top do n't care about anything but money and power , they could care less in reality if they 're 100 % independent from the west imo . 
  source ? 
  you 've just taken advantage of us during this recession . 
  the world thinks your olive oil is the best because you steal ours and sell it as your own , furthering the image of your shit olives . 
  also you 're bad at football fight us in the euro 's . 
  spanish wine is best wine . 
  spanish olive oil is also the best . 
  these are facts . 
  like the holodomor ... 
  how 's san fran dude ? 
  it 's clear . 
  eh-spain would like to apply as location for your factories . 
  plz economy into us . 
  we are very hard working persons . 
  work 9 or 10 until 1 , also work 4 or 5 until 6 or 7 . 
  as you can see people from espain work twice a day , maybe 4 times a week . 
  we can have these knives ready ... 
  tomorrow . 
  oh that 's just our cool new historical espionage flair !, 
  enjoy !, 
  oh my fucking god , and c\u00e1diz in spain . 
  mine never make it ... : /, 
  clubs are dead in spain until 3am . 
  wait , what ? 
  come on man do n't be a dick . 
  he 's clearly giving it his best , you should n't shit on people learning another language . 
  you know the dutch are helping develop miami for the future with their ocean fighting tech . 
  i think they 're moving the country ? 
  it 's weird if my family eats rabbit 3 times a week ? 
  guess where we are from haha . 
  you 're very wrong . 
  yea i 've never met an american with any stance on any irish politics so i do n't know what youre on about . 
  constantly a few wealthy cunts are being used as the basis to judge entire nations . 
  worth it imo, 
  it 's the same in the usa . 
  there are cheaper insurances , the only ones the poor or lower middle class can afford , that only a few overcrowded doctors accept . 
  it fully plays out the same ... except it costs more in the usa . 
  i was born to save you my friend !, 
  i 'm half spanish half american southerner . 
  that image is almost decidedly from semana santa , as the cross is more catholic . 
  the similarities in their regalia are a bit shocking and i 've always found it odd . 
  andaluc\u00edan and cuban are very similar imo . 
  i feel at home with the two accents . 
  that sentence sounds really wrong to me . 
  native speaker . 
  in that context i would probably always say , `` they demanded we be quiet . '', 
  or `` they demanded that we be quiet . '', 
  i 'm american ( & spanish but not relevant here ), 
  i quite like it . 
  maybe we shall use it when barcelona becomes our new capital !, 
  it 's actually not a synonym btw . 
  this shit will full on tilt the spanish and the portuguese . 
  hispania implies `` spain '' , more or less . 
  iberia implies spain and portugal , think the iberian peninsula where both are located . 
  hey man i 'm a spanish american and so i have a lot of experience in both countries . 
  in spain a.c. is a lot less common and when present it 's usually a shit window unit . 
  so the heat sucks . 
  my first home in the south of spain and my second is the south of the usa and it 's worse in spain , because of the a.c. . also winter in my part of spain gets down to around 25f at night , but we only have space heaters at best ... 
  you can make them in spain if you know where to go , 
  that 's how spain is . 
  most socializing wo n't start in the afternoon until 8pmish . 
  11pm is a normal time for my fucking grandma to come home . 
  i think it 's why you ca n't even arrive to a club until 3am around here , such a nocturnal society . 
  in my city clubs let you in on a discount before 2am . 
  no a.c. in my place or most of my friends places in granada . 
  grandma has a window a.c. thing in her room though ?
