  this plan would 've only targeted those who hold multiple citizenships . 
  an offender holds a french and moroccan citizenship , france strips him of his french citizenship and deports him to morocco . 
  how could morocco refuse him ? 
  he is their citizen . 
  while the random gay nigerian does n't have an european citizenship . 
  this is turning from worrying to hilarious . 
  you guys must have quite a range . 
  that 's why it 's always raining in england !, 
  freak accidents are exactly that , accidents . 
  they are inevitable . 
  terrorist attacks are not . 
  there are way too many warring factions ( assad , isis , fsa , kurds , al-qaeda/al-nusra ) for there to be a suitable compromise anytime soon . 
  and no matter who and when ends up on top , europe will be left with tons of refugees who will never go back . 
  people also lived for years under gaddafi , mubarak and ben ali . 
  finally lots of people got fed up with him but assad refused to back down . 
  there were loads of refugees before the is even came into the picture . 
  the largest syrian city firmly held by the is is raqqa , which had a population of 200k . 
  the urban damage in all the bigger cities ( aleppo , damascus , homs ) was caused by assad artillery and that 's where most of the legit refugees come from . 
  [ walled cities are kinda cool ] ( http://www.vm.ee/sites/default/files/content-editors/turism_tallinn.jpg ) . 
  the french love a good uprising , so much they rise up against themselves . 
  i guess we 're kicking france and belgium out as well . 
  i bet he 'll be out in 300 . 
  navantia are a pretty big name in shipbuilding . 
  and lets not forget zara , cheap clothes for everyone bring in serious coin . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  you say that as if all immigrants are the same . 
  migrants from different parts of the world are very different and will lead to different outcomes . 
  just because the kind of migrants the us accepted from 1900 to 2000 have led to largely positive outcomes , does n't mean europe will see similar results with africans , middle-easterns and afghans . 
  also the times change , the demand for low skilled labour has been dropping ever since deindustrialization , emphasized by the growing ghettos of unemployed in france and belgium . 
  southern italian mob, 
  hello , new ringtone, 
  i imagine that was a reference to the serbia strong/remove kebab video . 
  russia is n't welcoming but these muslims in russia are n't immigrants either . 
  they did n't migrate to russia , russia came to them . 
  and they turned to terrorism after their attempts to gain independence were crushed in the 90s . 
  if anything , chechens are more like ira or eta , not the is . 
  in the west ( north america and western europe ) , gdp was only introduced as the main measurement of national economy in the 1980s . 
  as the banking and financial services industry began to balloon in the early 1980s , creating a whole new social class even , the yuppies , the west also gained a much better view and understanding of their economies . 
  before that , gnp ( gross national product ) was used as a measurement but it was highly inaccurate for several reasons . 
  the difference between gdp and gnp is that gnp only measures the production of countries ' citizens and companies owned by them , where ever they may be located . 
  this of course horribly skewed the data for colonial empires in particular , since virtually everything of note in the colonies , such as mines , factories , and plantations , were owned by westerners . 
  this made the empires look very rich and their colonial subjects extremly poor , while massive investments constantly moved back and forth between the colonies and the motherland . 
  this began to change in 1960 , or the so-called [ year of africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/year_of_africa ) , when the western colonial system finally began to fall apart and everything the former rulers could n't take with them , stayed behind . 
  because the world was n't nowhere near as globalized back then as it is now and domestic market had that much greater share , gnp became more accurate and having amassed as much data from those periods as possible , i reckon one could give a credible ballpark estimation of gdp for western european countries dating back as far as 1960s . 
  anything before 1960s can only be assumptions for the most part . 
  for eastern europe it 's much more straightforward . 
  anything from the soviet era is bullshit . 
  while obviously an economical behemoth that could rival the west , the soviet union blatantly falsified or perhaps even simply made up most of their data . 
  according to official records , the country was always producing more of everything and doing better than the year before , even when basic consumer product shortages became a nationwide phenomenon and the shops welcomed their customers with empty shelves in the 80s . 
  nevertheless , my personal opinion is that western scholars mostly lowballed the soviet economy , at least until the stagnation truly kicked in during the 80s . 
  after the soviet union collapsed , however , the eastern european data became very accurate as all the newly independent states had to rebuild their economies from scratch and for the first thing they all needed for that was credible data . 
  before the 1960s and especially during the interbellum , many other and simpler measurements of wealth and economic development were used . 
  for example , in the us the so-called `` car index '' was favoured by many economists . 
  basically it just showed you how many people there were in a country per every car . 
  such rating was of course very biased as being an automotive powerhouse , especially after the ford t model entered mass production , it showed the us in a very good light compared to europe , not to mention the rest of the world . 
  of course we all know there is much more to economy and wealth than having a car but then again , data was just that much more difficult to collect and process prior to computerisation . 
  [ do you wear a turban ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywdgnxezhe8 ), 
  -- only because he failed and got taken out pronto . 
  a guy running into the ministry of defence with a rifle and explosives should definitely qualify as a terrorist attack . 
  no , i 'm saying it is all guesswork because the concept of gdp was n't introduced until 1980s . 
  there is no real data . 
  before that , some countries used gnp ( gross national product ) which was highly inaccurate by todays standards as it pre-dates computerisation and modern methods of measurement . 
  problem is gdp before 1960s in the west and before 1990s in the east is very much guesswork done solely by western economists and historians during the cold war as there is no real data . 
  the north-western colonial empires were obviously better off , as were the old money rich scandinavians sweden and denmark . 
  the likes of spain , italy , portugal , ireland and greece were not . 
  people from these countries were escaping poverty and leaving for the americas and australia in droves during the 1920s and 1930s , spain eventually succumbed to civil war . 
  the research regarding the east is also much less detailed , e.g. 
  the baltics are used as a single unit , whereas in reality estonia and latvia were significantly better off than lithuania who had a hard time after their bust up with poland over vilnius and being much more agrarian . 
  and british-born irish . 
  * historical fellow sufferers of being sandwiched between germans and russians * usually regarded as hardworking and pragmatic * close politically , distant culturally, 
  mu h\u00f5ljuk on t\u00e4is angerjaid . 
  that 's not true . 
  i 'm french and the region is still half german . 
  people speak german half the time , laws have to be doubled in german , most of the street signs are still in german , etc. 
  yes , today . 
  but * half * german is a stretch . 
  german and `` alsatian '' were re-introduced more recently after it became clear germany was no longer a threat . 
  all german was banned from public life since after wwii up until whenever it was multiculturalism , political correctness and tolerance became a thing . 
  germans themselves faced massive arrests , executions , deportations etc. 
  does n't have to be nazis . 
  after wwii , france purged the shit out of ethnic germans/german-speakers in alsace and lorriane , people who had lived there for centuries . 
  all because they were a liability and the reason france and germany kept fighting over those regions . 
  this has come up quite a lot recently . 
  it seems to me the us like to think they 're funneling massive fortunes into `` defending '' europe which in the grand scheme of things is quite frankly not the truth . 
  the bulk of the us personnel in europe are stationed in germany ( roughly 40k out of a total of 60k ) . 
  [ the troops in germany cost the us taxpayer 4 billions a year ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/tomrogan/100272083/why-obama-should-withdraw-the-us-military-from-germany ) . 
  that sounds like a lot , sure , but not when you realize the total us defence budget is over 600 billions . 
  besides , keeping those troops somewhere else would cost money too . 
  not to mention , establishing a greater presence in europe has led to a greater dependency on us supplied weapons and been highly beneficial for us exports . 
  personally , i would n't mind less us presence in europe . 
  on a plus side , it might even make european leaders less complacent in their defence policies . 
  and it 's not like this would mean the bridges are burnt , the us and europe would still remain close allies and should the need come , the us could still come help . 
  no need to keep tens of thousands of soldiers in germany at all times for that . 
  the ghurkas are brutal as fuck . 
  those look even worse than the soviet ones . 
  sad to admit but the only american food i 've ever eaten has come in the shape of a bar or a chip . 
  even worse , it 's delicious . 
  nordic \u2260 scandinavian, 
  kalamaja is a perfect example of what difference young people can make .
