  other than being blindly euro-optimist , she seems alright . 
  i will too . 
  out of curiosity , when you say the same system , do you mean exactly the same or a local design of comparable quality and configuration ? 
   claudia winkleman i only know her from panel shows and she 's usually pretty great there . 
  also , in her case , being a woman is actually an asset . 
  i doubt many people would find an overly childish and hectic man charming and funny , but it works for her . 
  switzerland is a federal republic of historically neighbouring european ethnic groups , divided into cantons , all very protective over their language and culture . 
  there is no chance of say albanian , arabic or turkish becoming an official language even though there are more of them than there are romansh speakers . 
  did you think they were hitting some poor bloke with an axe for 18 years straight for being a man ? 
  not familiar with the program in question , but i 'm a fan of british comedy in general and one thing i 've noticed over the years is there seems to be quite a lot of gay comedians around and they 're mostly good . 
  the second is women just are n't funny . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's true . 
  sure , there are exceptions , but for the most part ... torture . 
  it bothers me there 's a sentence about a child weighing 20 kg . 
  does this mean someone might suspect you 're using a small child to mule drugs or something ? 
  with a population of nearly 10 million , 4,000 a year is n't even that much . 
  estonia calls up 3000-3500 a year with a population of just over 1.3 million (  1.1 million citizens ) and finland pulls over 20k with a population of under 5.5 million . 
  went out with a friend of mine who is married and has a kid now . 
  we had kinda lost touch for a while . 
  he did n't even know any of the new places that are open ... : / i reckon family life has it 's own charms , but damn . 
  also a lovely city in croatia . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  price of maybe 15 new leopard 2a6 or up to 50 or so used . 
  slovakia ( who are 7th strongest team on their own ) , some germans , kopitar and zuccarello . 
  i see no harm in montenegro joining . 
  small , beautiful , low government debt ... 
  but it 's more clicks if it sounds like there are dead ... 
  too big + it 'd be funnier if it was one of those early weird helicopters . 
   the fact that he was a racist son of bitch should be enough who would 've thought the british colonial empire was n't a sterile pc utopia ? 
  honestly , if we judged every historical person by today 's standards , that 'd be pretty much everyone who lived before the 21st century . 
  well this was a day wasted ... 
  near the end , just as the good guys are about to win , hitler suddenly reveals he too is a transformer , transforms into a flettner fl 282 kolibri and buggers off so that he could come back and have his revenge in transformers 6 . 
  til there are already 5 transformers movies and now there is hitler in them . 
  mailis reps ( second from the left ) said : `` i agree with j\u00f5ks here '' , but she said it in a weird way using the word * \u00fchtin * , which could also mean intercourse . 
  j\u00f5ks replied with a : `` you say that , but my wife is here tonight . '', 
  needless to say , the feminists and other professionally offended people were n't pleased . 
   mischievous funny you say that because j\u00f5ks ( the bald guy ) made a sex joke during the debates and got a lot of flak for it . 
  i agree but it does n't mean they 're involved . 
  thankfully , albeit for very different reasons , my parents had no idea what i was looking up online when i was 16 . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm sure there were attacks like that before , just not as many . 
  there is a large segment of brits who hate poles/eastern europeans and there are many poles in the uk , things like that simply had to happen before as well . 
  it 's just now , many anti-migration people probably feel validated by the brexit vote and are kicking it up a notch , thus the increase in such attacks . 
  it amazes me how people perceive austerity as some sort of unfair punishment , forbidding them from spending money they do n't have . 
  the fact it 's a ( supposedly ? ), 
  16-year-old makes it that much worse . 
  no it is n't . 
  i said third world ones specifically , africans and middle easterners . 
  european , east asian etc migrants usually have better employment rates than the natives ( as is expected since they 're mostly young people ) . 
  third worlders are at 40 % or below despite countless minority empowerment programs , fake government jobs etc. 
  hungary does n't need foreign workers , let alone third worlders who bring a ton of problems and are yet to become net contributors anywhere . 
  according to this , [ hungary has the third lowest wages in the eu ] ( https://www.reinisfischer.com/average-salary-european-union-2016 ) . 
  what they need to do is put pressure on employers to raise wages so that their own people stop leaving the country , not try to replace them with new slaves hopefully willing to work for table scraps . 
  you see them but it 's not too common . 
  there are also these city to city facebook groups where people offer or ask for a ride . 
  low turnout is a sign people are n't bothered because everyone knows united russia is gon na win huge anyway . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's a nationwide election . 
  they 'd need to insert an insane number of extra ballots for it to even register . 
  and yes , putin is that popular in russia . 
  why would putin/united russia cheat ? 
  for them every election is a landslide anyway , why would they risk bad pr ? 
  it 's much more likely the ones cheating would be the smaller guys desperate for some extra votes . 
  also russian ballots are huge wtf ? 
  yes , and unlike britain you ca n't chalk it up to the pound losing value . 
  british wages down 22.9 % in last two years ? 
  but it 's one of those things where no one really asks you and if you 're born to turkish parents , you 're muslim , right ? 
  tbh , it is really difficult to compare musicians from different eras and genres , let alone measure their success . 
  it 's difficult to imagine any british group could ever surpass the beatles just because of how much more diverse the music world has become since . 
  and what is success ? 
  legacy ? 
  only older musicians have that . 
  number of records sold ? 
  no one buys records any more . 
  money made ? 
  todays musicians have the upper hand ... 
  * i 'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world ... *, 
  itt : people ca n't agree on who is their most successful musician . 
  that 's not a dog , that 's a monster from a film , jesus . 
  should take her out to the hungarian border . 
  it 's just when i come across the term jailbait i think of sort of sexed up teens , not babies . 
  technically it should apply to babies as well but lets not go there . 
   naked baby  jailbait \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  mine do have a computer and my mom has tablet now she takes everywhere but they still call me whenever there 's a problem which is usually something very basic . 
  however they ca n't be arsed to scan and upload old baby pics so i 'm safe there . 
  i quite like those where parents have taken head shots of their kid every day for like 10 years as they were growing up . 
  if i ever get a kid , i might be tempted to do the same but taking hundreds of pics where your child is naked in the crib or sitting on a potty and then putting them on display ? 
   least religious country in europe . 
   the only one to call sunday holy day as it used to be the church day . 
  she did ask her parents to take them down first , so fair enough . 
  sometimes i 'm thankful i was born to technologically impaired parents before the age of digital camera . 
  such poor image quality . 
  from that he looks like every other shaved headed thug that has ever lived . 
  it would 've been more awkward before but now we have smartphones so we can actually do or talk to whoever we want whilst waiting for a tram or w/e . 
  presumably , the voters cast their ballots thinking she was the woman who was supposed to be running , so surely the sensible course of action would be to just install her . 
  i love how russians always say that the fact their elites managed to privatize the entire country after the soviet union fell proves `` western style democracy '' does n't work . 
  well , no . 
  it just proves you 're really shit at implementing it . 
  my point was migration probably adds a lot to british wealth inequality as foreigners are overrepresented among both the poor and the ultra rich . 
  are n't many of those 1 % arab/indian/russian / etc billionares that live in britain ?
