  people also talk about real guns in fps chatrooms all the time . 
  dutchs turned sea in inland sewers apparently  no people , no pollution . 
  also former president and former prime minister . 
  by throwing the first punch . 
  when you have n't revised a thing and are praying the teacher wo n't pick you . 
  there are more than 101 seats , so you have the option to sit alone . 
  also mps from different parties rarely ( never ? ), 
  share a table . 
  [ belgium confirmed as house lannister . 
  is he ... dabbing ? 
  do n't think i 've ever had the mozart one . 
  see , europe does n't discriminate . 
  we objectify everyone . 
  every single flood in every single country , there is always that guy with an inflatable boat . 
   homicide rate in germany is lower than in poland . 
  not sure that 's the case anymore . 
  the list is based on surveys from 2007 and 1999 , though . 
  * true embarrassment lies within your first email address . 
  my bad , thought the title said europe and not the eu . 
  in that case , no idea . 
  the ones in ukraine , i suppose . 
  not sure if `` whether you 're a woman '' would 've made more sense . 
  and why use english at all ? 
  it looks like it 's a campaign poster or something . 
  france also has a serious military presence in iraq and took part in the battle for mosul . 
  i 'm talking regular army units , supported by artillery and such , not just some special ops guys and snipers . 
  looks like a company logo : ankara - for all your mosque needs . 
  apparently those are strawberries . 
  [ til the story behind atletico madrid 's crest . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statue_of_the_bear_and_the_strawberry_tree ), 
  a knight slaying the world 's smallest dragon . 
   estonia - eesti reformierakond ( centre-right ) oh if only . 
  could n't find the exact angle , but it [ has n't changed too much ] ( https://images.trvl-media.com/media/content/shared/images/travelguides/destination/180346/opatija-beach-103974.jpg ) . 
   i 'm just questioning the systematic refusal by some eastern europeans to even consider western european offers . 
  that has never been the case . 
  however people would like to have options instead of being forced to buy german and french which , lets be honest , is clearly what this `` common army '' project is mostly about . 
  how is that unreasonable ? 
  when will she get the f-35s ? 
  one torpedo probably could n't . 
  a large ship like that can withstand multiple hits . 
  i know it for the former german naval base and the brewery . 
  i think you mean #stifffortiff, 
   saku originaal  perfect i object . 
  that sounded more like scottish if anything . 
   remove jihadist elements how exactly do you propose to do that ? 
   casualties and losses  5,695 killed meanwhile syria is nearing half a million . 
  so no , not as fucked ... not even close . 
  there was also the massive uprising against gaddafi . 
  france and the us did n't invade libya , nato air strikes were largely limited to military targets and stockpiles , so that gaddafi could n't use military hardware such as rocket artillery against the rebelling cities . 
  which imo is the smartest thing you can do in civil wars like that . 
  you ca n't control the situation on the ground , but at least you 'll make sure the war will be fought with `` sticks and rocks '' and not rocket artillery . 
  if someone had destroyed assad 's artillery early on , tens of thousands in aleppo , homs etc would still be alive and hundreds of thousands would n't be homeless . 
   it was among richest countries . 
  no it was n't . 
  i mean , it was rich by african standards because of oil , but it was n't rich rich . 
  libya 's economy would 've collapsed because of falling oil prices , and you 'd still have an uprising/civil war of some sort . 
  most of those names are really cute . 
   reddish female thing ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  that 's highly debatable . 
  libya is nowhere near the mess syria is . 
  there are no explosions in the background . 
  it helps keep the numbers down significantly . 
  i know it seems ridiculous , but that 's the corner europe has painted itself into with it 's human rights . 
   the couple , who raised $ 1890 to flee australia in a go fund me page damn , you can get people to fund anything . 
  they literally are n't doing slave labour . 
  not only does them working benefit the state , they might actually learn useful trade skills in the process , and while the pay is measly , i will remind you jail is n't supposed to be a career . 
  that being said it is still better than nothing and at least they 're doing something useful with their time instead of jerking off , being radicalized or w/e . 
  but they 're , you know , prisoners . 
  seems only right they would actually benefit the state instead of just being even more of a burden . 
  meiji era japan would be the perfect example of this . 
  they completely revolutionized the country over a very short period of time by making use of every single western industrial and scientific advancement without taking any migrants . 
  this is how you benefit from globalization . 
  todays europe is doing the exact opposite . 
   why did they decide to hold drills in the baltic sea , it is pretty much a giant nato controlled lake on the other side of the world from china . 
   hoping that the west would obsess about it . 
  no other reason for it . 
   published this week very same week , helmut kohl dies . 
  that is some coincidence . 
  e : it 's 17 june , but it says 2011 wtf . 
  damn people posting old articles . 
  it 's outdated as the primary source of information but it has it 's niche . 
  pretty much everything you can get on tv , you can get online , when you want it and without having to suffer through annoying commercials . 
  whereas you still turn on the radio when you ca n't browse news online , e.g. 
  when driving . 
  still pretty hot . 
  it 's about 20 \u00b0 c here right now . 
   i thought it was kinda outdated so is tv . 
  i 'm not . 
  not that my happiness regarding this particular development is a concern here . 
  when russia went into ukraine , the west only had two real options : either be resolute , send in a battlegroup , route the `` not russian '' fighters and secure ukrainian borders , or admit we do n't really care and do nothing . 
  while entirely different in their nature , those two courses of action would 've been the only ones that would 've sent a clear , honest message . 
  these joke sanctions have only exposed the west as being weak and indecisive . 
  so no , i 'm not happy . 
  that survey strikes me as being surprisingly accurate . 
  which , as far as these cost of living surveys usually go , is quite uncommon . 
  i do n't have one . 
  i never supported the idea in the first place . 
  because the west feels like it has to do something . 
  reckon passersby bang their feet against it all the time . 
   yeah , it is n't like the russian economy has been shrinking the past years and billions of rubels have vanished ... that is because of oil , gas and ore prices , not `` sanctions '' .
