  not really . 
  basque language is very unique , whereas spanish and catalan are related . 
  the author clearly chose to lump closely related countries together : serbo-croatian , finnish-estonian , latvian-lithuanian , russian-ukrainian-belarusian speakers are all listed as single countries on this map . 
  although following this logic , one might as well unite the scandinavians . 
  one merkel !, 
  no shit . 
  soon we 'll be discussing how to redistribute the next batch while still redistributing the current ones . 
  and on and on it 'll go . 
  you forgot chain smoking . 
  shelters , usually run by the church . 
  yeah lol but he said virtually every us school curriculum and as far as i 've seen , almost everyone lists * catcher in the rye * as ` the ' american novel along with the * the great gatsby * . 
  hence my surprise . 
  the thing about estonian literature ( as it is with many smaller nations , i assume ) is that it 's most and foremost for estonians and usually requires a deeper understanding of our culture and history than one could expect from a foreigner . 
  for that reason most novels , afaik , even the very good ones , come in estonian only . 
  personally i 'm a sucker for novels that attempt to pry into the human soul in an effort to figure out our aimless , wandering pursuit of happiness . 
  gert helbem\u00e4e 's * [ ohvrilaev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ohvrilaev ) * ( god , how do i even translate this ... sacrificial ship . 
  it refers to the ship voyage to island of delos in ancient greece that postponed the execution of socrates ) - interwar period middle class love tragedy about an aging school teacher who falls in love with a younger woman . 
  august gailit 's * [ toomas nipernaadi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toomas_nipernaadi ) * - lighter reading with a deeper meaning . 
  anton hansen tammsaare 's * ma armastasin sakslast * ( i loved a german ) , * noored hinged * ( young souls ) - could really make a solid top 5 out of tammsaare alone . 
  i like his novels about university students seeking love , purpose in life and happiness the most . 
  jaan kross ' * wikmani poisid * ( wikman boys ) - about high school graduates who are pulled into and torn apart by the wwii . 
  * catcher in the rye * not in your top 5 ? 
  well color me surprised . 
  a country with 15 % unemployed and 65 % employed is still better off than one with 5 % unemployed and 50 % working . 
  what ever their reason , they are still out of the workpool and need to be provided for by others . 
  it 's a lot more harder to massage employment rates than unemployment . 
  a combination of market saturation and greater social safety nets . 
  what if the people from across the street keep setting it on fire ? 
  it 's like the us customs officers destroying seized cuban cigars ... one by one and very slowly . 
   your beer is drinkable this is the closest thing to a complement one can get from a belgian regarding beer . 
  that 's quite a lot of `` others '' . 
  mostly people without documentation ? 
  i thought it was in percentages , then saw greece -  germany -102, 
  had they remained christian , probably . 
  after all , it was the christian/islamic wars that caused the rift in the early middle ages . 
  look at scandinavians pretending they have separate languages . 
  they did n't necessarily leave their women and children behind . 
  most likely they never had them and in fact that 's one of the reasons they 're here . 
  people forget most migrant source countries are very patriarchal and have legal polygamy , meaning fathers will only allow their daughters to see and marry wealthy men . 
  so while the wealthy men have several wives , the poor ones are left with none . 
  lack of women can motivate migration just as well as poverty . 
  the question here is whether europe can and is indeed obliged to absorb and cater this evergrowing surplus of african and middle eastern males ? 
  i guess what it comes down to is greece needs to find the golden mean allowing the government to collect more much needed tax money from the shipping companies without driving them out of business or out of greece . 
  however the shipping companies should n't complain too much . 
  after all , how can greece expect any help from europe when they ca n't even expect it from their own businesses ? 
  soon enough we 'll have more subscribers than there are people in malta !, 
  would take any data coming from north korea with a truckload of salt . 
  achieving economic growth is easy when you 're dirt poor and means next to nothing . 
  many of the african countries sending waves of migrants towards europe had 5-9 % growth last year . 
  been in a coma since last year so ... 
  this reminds me of a thread from a few years back about netherlands wanting to ` build ' an artificial mountain . 
  how is that coming along ? 
  stronk computer nerds . 
  russia should start a basketball club named \u017dalgiris moscow for maximum amount of trolling . 
  would be just like greece and former ancient yugoslavian republic of macedonia . 
  oh , no idea , never played that game . 
  i was thinking about the actual greek epic lol . 
   `` given that romania faces an acute blood shortage in medical facilities '' yes ... medical facilities ... 
  refresh my memory/educate me , please, 
  he just survived all his storms etc , he did n't actually * defeat * poseidon . 
  eesti is of many smarts , observe : you ca n't take a weapon on a holiday to a foreign country but you can take farming tools . 
  a solid pitchfork is basically a freaking trident . 
  have you ever seen someone with a trident defeated in combat ? 
  no , you have not !, 
  poseidon had a trident . 
  was poseidon ever defeated ? 
  fuck no !, 
  no nazi card to play against other creditors . 
  we 're increasing our average this summer . 
  one reason would probably be cold war legacy . 
  whereas in most countries , the capital city is the wealthiest because that 's where most on the companies keep their hqs , that 's not the case in germany as berlin was n't very safe and post-wwii financial centers put roots down elsewhere . 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed it , it 's a real shame there are n't subs . 
   naked yelling or pitchforks , pick one . 
  i 'd have to go with the former . 
  running around naked and yelling can be common if vodka and sauna are involved , whereas pitchforks come out seldom at this day and age . 
  those 40 % would be the european ones ( balkans ) . 
  it 's almost impossible to send back an african . 
  do n't have the statistics on hand but i think estonia often tops the eu in drunk driving accidents and drunk drownings in summer per capita . 
  [ doing stupid shit while drunk is a national sport here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n2_wnjwct8 ), 
  except oil shale in estonia is worthless compared to oil and happens to be in our land , not somewhere further away in the sea . 
  and we already ceded more than enough land to the russians . 
   poor but sexy sounds like my kind of girl . 
  if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em . 
  see , and keep they saying we are n't spontaneous enough ... btw , is it estonian or `` from estonia '' ? 
  and yet the only time catalonia made a real push for independence was during the spanish civil war , when shit had already hit the fan anyway . 
  i 'm not trying to offend anyone but there is a reason why some nations became independent while others did not . 
  balkans , poland , baltics and ireland were all willing to fight wars for their independence . 
  they were willing to put their own lives on the line and had to build their countries up from scratch . 
  and then there are movements who want independence but only if the transition would be smooth and yield instant financial benefits . 
  my point is , if you * really * want independence , you better be ready to make real sacrifices . 
  now think about it and answer yourself : would you still want independence for catalonia if it meant hardships and a financial setback that would possibly take generations to fix ? 
  perhaps that would n't be such a bad thing as it would discourage the said countries from borrowing so much and they would n't end up over their heads like greece , blaming everyone else for `` forcing '' them to borrow money . 
  what makes me unsure of all those western european separatist movements is that i believe they 're largely driven by economic reasons rather than national pride ( or they think they would profit from independence ) . 
  you never see a poorer subsidized reigon wanting separation . 
  it 's never wales wanting independence for themselves and their sheep , it 's scotland and oh , ps : we 'll take the north sea oil . 
   are you ready to prove you have the balls ? 
  [ what , you mean this guy ? 
  eu already is basically the hanseatic league of the 21st century on steroids . 
  nothing funny about that .
