  although i think average turkish/iranian family still has more children than an average german one . 
  not surprising . 
  everyone knows who cristiano ronaldo is , even people who hate football . 
  i do n't . 
  or if they 're really curious , just show them on a map . 
  perhaps not all european countries but certainly many . 
  just look around you - the number of people requiring some sort of social upkeep is increasing everywhere , the markets are saturated , youth unemployment is very high in many european countries , university graduates are competing for entry level jobs ... 
  it 's the flag of prussia with a menorah instead of the prussian eagle . 
  futile and silly . 
  there is no way a modern european nation could possibly compete with muslims when it comes to birth rates . 
  not without returning to medieval patriarchy . 
  and there is nothing wrong with a population reduction . 
  imo there are way too many people in this world already . 
  hell , most of the world 's woes come from overpopulation . 
  furthermore , no civilization in history has ceased to exist due to having low birth rates at some point , whereas many civilization have ceased to exist due to being overrun by foreigners . 
  i think trend is a very right word here . 
  it 's a trend , people see asylum seeking in welfare states pays off so more people try it . 
  is that a proper yiddish flag ? 
  if so , it 's awesome . 
  so italy covers it up while sweden goes raw ? 
  oh so it 's `` we support korean reunification ... but we wo n't specify how '' . 
  kind of silly . 
  i asked you what savage acts estonians commit in sweden and you post a handful of articles about gipsy beggars , russian mob and serbian and albanian gangs ( who are n't even from the eu ) . 
  but of course to you everyone who had the misfortune to endure soviet rule are the same . 
  so yes , it is racism . 
   baltic workers/truckers severely undercutting scandinavians legal immigrants coming to work legally . 
  oh the humanity !, 
  how very dare they ? 
  if it 's truly such a problem , introduce more regulations , higher minimum wage etc. 
  when a person can immigrate and do the same job for a much higher wage at a cost of a plane ticket it 's only natural many will exercise that right . 
  while not problem-free , the key words here are legal and work . 
  none of this has anything to do with endless streams african and middle eastern migrants . 
  what you 're doing is comparing apples to hand grenades . 
   pretending eastern european immigration to the west has brought nothing but positives i never claimed that but a net benefit yes . 
  at least that 's what your own sources and reports claim . 
  and outflow of people causes huge problems here too . 
  the eu is far from all unicorns and butterflies for us too . 
   amazingly arrogant and frankly quite rude . 
  i suggest you look up the meaning of arrogant and rude because with the air of unwarranted superiority you carry you 're only describing yourself . 
  what you fail to realise is that the woes of hordes of migrants coming to eu is a problem caused by the generous policies of a few select welfare states . 
  nobody forced sweden to prance around proclaiming you 're a `` humanitarian superpower '' . 
  there 's a reason these people leave refugee camps and take costly , long , dangerous and illegal routes through countless safe countries until they reach a north-western european welfare state of their choosing . 
  it 's an investment on their behalf , one they wish to see returned . 
  and as long as they will , they will continue to come in soaring numbers and nothing but scrapping the welfare state , at least for immigrants , will stop that . 
  how you ca n't see that is beyond me . 
  [ gott im himmel ... ] ( http://www.cicero.de/sites/default/files/field/image/joachim_gauck_denkt.jpg ), 
  i take it not many bands tour north korea . 
   they will call for korean reunification . 
  wo n't that get them in trouble ? 
  lmao , nice racism . 
  so what savage acts do estonians commit in sweden on daily basis ? 
  please do enlighten me . 
  last time i checked , reports show eu immigrants are a benefit to economies as opposed to non-eu ones . 
  also note that i do n't agree with the eu on many things . 
  i too think there is too much free movement . 
  over here the government is racking their brains how to stop doctors immigrating to scandinavia , it 's good to know you do n't want these subhumans in sweden . 
  oh please . 
  the eu funds were pre-agreed because the west benefitted vastly from the eu enlargment , expanding to unsaturated eastern markets with no barriers . 
  meanwhile the real funds intended to prop up local economies are still significantly lower in the east than they are in the west ( e.g. 
  agricultural subsidies ) and more often than not the funds can only be used to purchase western goods so once again , subsidising your own producers . 
  what is disgusting is the sheer arrogance that lets some of you think that being even a marginal net contributor to the eu budget somehow lets you treat other members as a dumping ground for your undesirables . 
  saying what ? 
  submitting more countries to this problem is n't fixing it . 
  no shit . 
  you ca n't prance around the world stage going on about how you 're a humanitarian superpower and not expect africa and middle east to take notice . 
  compared to before , yes . 
  soviet invasion in afghanistan ( 1979 to 1989 ) : over a million dead , millions of refugees . 
  civil war/taliban takeover ( 1989 to 2001 ) : we will probably never know the exact number of dead , i 've seen figures from 400k to over a million and again countless refugees . 
  nato/isaf intervention ( 2001 to today , although the active part stopped in 2013 ) : under 20k civilian casualties ( from all causes ) and most of the refugees who had fled to pakistan returned . 
  so yes , better . 
  people leave afghanistan now not because it 's worse than in 80s or 90s but because it has become a lot easier to do so . 
  like i said , afghanistan was a hellhole long before nato , the invasion actually improved the situation somewhat . 
  syria - no intervention , minimal support to peshmerga ( surplus firearms ) . 
  if you want to blame someone start with russia and iran who provide assad with heavy rocket artillery that he has then used to level cities . 
  while invading iraq was a mistake , it 's more complicated than that as the country was in a long standing conflict with the west since the gulf war . 
  it would 've blown up in some way sooner or later . 
  also the way to help iraq now would be an active operation against is , not relocating the entire africa and middle east in europe . 
  you 're the delusional one if you believe africa and middle east were n't hellholes before western interventions . 
  the interventions are not the cause , they 're failed attempts to fix the problems . 
  that 's what they need a vacation from . 
  are you serious ? 
  afghanistan was in a state of a bloody civil war long before nato went in there . 
  before that there was a decade long soviet invasion . 
  before that more conflicts between various clans . 
  the years of nato in afghanistan have been the safest that country has seen in decades . 
  moreover there is no link between migrants and western interventions . 
  vast majority of migrants come from countries the west has n't touched with a 10 ft pole . 
  just another pathetic attempt to cause white guilt . 
  greece is n't smuggling them out per se , they 're just looking the other way . 
  just like everyone else . 
  the train stations in fyrom are packed with migrants heading north . 
  fyrom is a small landlocked country , how do you think they all got there ? 
  nah , turkey is overwhelmed by migrants as well . 
  however obviously they 're happy when some of them leave for greece , just like greece is happy when they leave for fyrom , just like fyrom is happy when they leave for serbia ... etc , etc. . . just like france is happy when they leave for the uk . 
  not sure if it 's true but even if so , it 's only because there are a lot more 50 + women than there are men . 
  also this gap is closing fast due to : * life expectancy of males , especially the ethnic russians increases fast . 
  them dying early is what kept the average down . 
  * every year a lot more ( young ) females emigrate than males whereas immigrants are overwhelmingly male . 
  for the first time in history of sweden , renown for gender equality , there are more men than there are women . 
   wilno what kind of a lithuanian are you ?
