  that does n't mean they 're not making things worse . 
  homicide rates in most if not all european countries have been improving for many years now , for muslim migrants to actually counter overall stats for 500 million people they 'd have to be extremely murderous . 
  most murders are still , as they were before , committed by thugs killing one another and other people in bad neighbourhoods and poor violent drunks killing their drinking buddies or spouses in fits of rage . 
  meaning if you avoided such areas and did n't pursue such lifestyles , you were relatively safe . 
  what we do have more of now are these random public acts of violence , almost always committed by non-whites , where anyone can be targeted . 
  that is why the general public is now more afraid . 
  people are n't really affected by the fact there have been fewer murders around some ghetto drug den , they are affected by the fact they can no longer walk safely on their city 's promenade . 
  was n't this attempted with twins in the early days of modern marathons ? 
  ah yes , the towel wars , fought across europe every summer . 
  but where shall they keep it ... ? 
  they kind of can . 
  balkan merchants used to hide contraband in pig carcasses to get them through ottoman customs and checkpoints . 
  they do feature on various logos , old heraldry and such quite often if you know enough to notice them . 
  no , but surely a chunk of change france would rather not part with . 
  paris syndrome just reached a new level . 
  among the peasants colonizing virgin lands , not the ruling elites . 
  funny how this is like the 4th time i 'm having almost the exact some conversation with different people on this sub . 
  what i meant by * homogeneous anglophone protestant north-western europeans * was not exclusively *** british *** as there were some dutch and the occasional frenchman or even a german in the mix , but overwhelmingly british . 
  nordics and most of todays germany were n't considered westerners at the time . 
  hell , they were still called `` squareheads '' and perceived as genetically dimwitted as late as early 20th century . 
  the entire history of the us has been that of racism , which is that much funnier given how some people keep insisting the us are some kind of a multiculturalist utopia europe should strive for . 
   by that video ? 
  because he told a guy calling him a `` shitty turk '' ( ? ), 
  he is german ? 
  how is your german worse ? 
   we do n't know anything about the victims other than their non-german passport . 
  so none of them had german citizenship ? 
  i 'm finding that hard to believe . 
  besides , iirc the shooter also had an iranian citizenship . 
  either way , citizenship today means little more than a club membership card . 
  first of all , how would you know how good his german was or how he truly felt ? 
  second , by your logic his victims were german too . 
  meaning there was no racial or ethnic motive present at all , just a german killing other germans . 
  the us as they are were very much shaped by the relatively homogeneous anglophone protestant north-western europeans . 
  had it been formed by anyone else , we 'd be looking at an entirely different country now . 
  the us and canada were also successful during the years they were incredibly racist by todays standards , arguably more so . 
  `` multiculturalism '' did n't make the us great , an abundance of resources and european settlers did . 
  the us is only like 1 % muslim , maybe less , with most them being turkish , albanian , iranian/persian and converted blacks . 
  not that many arabs and afghanis who are usually more prone to radicalism . 
  can we please stop with these articles ? 
  i 'm getting quite sick of them . 
  :( local phone number , english-speaking caller ... this is almost certainly a bomb scare . 
  if by some miracle this would 've been a real thing , they would n't have given a warning . 
  or perhaps more importantly , where do you keep it ? 
  the guy in the picture seems to be wearing a shirt and jeans . 
  one does n't just walk around the city with that thing in hand ... right ? 
   pregnant , from poland this will surely help convince poland to take in more brown people \u2122 . 
  til winky face is a far right symbol . 
  turns out i 've been basically sieg heil-ing like every girl i 've chat up since my early teens . 
  away games are going to be a bitch . 
  happy shitting !, 
   michal solowow | 2.0 billion | cersanit , echo investment hah , i have a cersanit bathroom . 
  how does a pole convince someone he is from guinea bissau ? 
   franconian separatism the what now ? 
  he is going to eat you , mate . 
  it really is n't . 
  a more fitting analogy here would be baltic . 
  estonians are baltic as in from the region , but not as the ethnolinguistic group . 
  ireland is a part of the british isles . 
  so are n't all irish also british by definition ? 
  wait , that shit is still on !? 
  it 's been days and with all the other attacks happening i just forgot about it . 
  are there proper jousting competitions somewhere now ? 
   it is interesting that romania does n't have so good name ( as a good place for living ) as estonia with all the e-citizenship and whatever , but the population of both estonia and romania decreased between 1990-2015 around 15 % . 
  in case of latvia and lithuania it is more then 20 % which is still more than bulgaria . 
  the situations are nothing alike . 
  romania did n't have a large soviet/russian army ( and their families , civilians working directly for the military , other die hard commies etc ) that only left in 1994 . 
  in estonia , the net migration ( immigrants minus emigrants ) during the eu years ( 2004-2015 ) is about [ -20 k people ] ( http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/dialog/varval.asp?ma=por04&amp;ti=external+migration+by+sex%2c+age+group+and+country&amp;path=../i_databas/population/03vital_events/14migration/&amp;lang=1 ) . 
  europe is already taking in much more than 300k a year , though . 
   it would establish a guaranteed target of at least 300,000 refugees each year who would be securely resettled directly to europe from the middle east -- a total that hopefully would be matched by countries elsewhere in the world . 
  haha , good luck with that . 
  israel is `` european '' in sports too . 
  partly because their actual neighbours do n't even recognize them as a state and want them dead , though . 
  [ forgot competitive sheep shearing . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-hampshire-19513461 ), 
  please please please, 
  they grew out of protests over police shooting a black suspect . 
  yes , not * everyone * there was black , but not every such protester/rioter in america is black either . 
  i remember the videos , suffice to say there were very few white faces in the mix . 
  of course it 's not exactly like in the us , but close enough imo . 
  just google 2011 london/england/uk riots . 
  ethnic and racial tensions do n't just evaporate at the beginning of a new calendar year . 
  just because there have n't been full out riots in a while does n't mean everything is rosy . 
  perhaps not this year , but britain did have race riots after a black guy got shot few years back . 
   lived in estonia from the viking age or so until ww2 when they were de facto deported to sweden from 16th-17th century actually ( when estonia fell under swedish rule ) and no-one deported them , they fled on their own in 1944 to escape the soviet occupation . 
  texas of germany, 
  [ sark / british crown dependency ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxpqjd5.jpg ) thank god they all have those mics there , i would hate having to yell across a small room with six desks . 
  we need a french person to do a test . 
  message someone about needing a gun , sit back and see what happens . 
  who 's lebensraum now , eh ? 
  saruman approves . 
  besides , 50 years ago it was a fraction of what it is today . 
  how many judges are there in turkey ? 
  no true ~ ~ scotsman ~ ~ muslim ... 
  j\u00fcrgen ligi 's legacy ( former long-time financial minister ) and overall conservative mentality . 
  we 're probably the only eu country where the government did n't have to force austerity on people . 
  thank god more people do n't have this attitude as otherwise the world would 've run out of decent places to live a long time ago . 
  and bullshit one , at least for the nearest decades . 
  for now , france is still wealthy enough to placate the general population . 
  thanks , i 'll be using this .
