  smart play . 
  everytime they do , the esomethingcliffbangbangbigrockgoesoff begins to erupt . 
  corsica is hosting a wrc round right now and it has been a complete mess . 
  did n't know it was that bad , though . 
   others drowned in their cars after becoming stuck inside a tunnel this has got to be on the worst ways to die list :(, 
  so an average day in australia then ? 
  pointless to scapegoat merkel for the invitation alone . 
  the entire western leftist liberal society , press and public alike , rode that `` refugees welcome '' bandwagon for weeks and weeks , while scolding everyone who disagreed . 
  that 's right , mate . 
  your plugs are trying to kill you . 
  probably by electrocution . 
  came to post this but in a way i 'm glad someone beat me to it . 
  [ pretty much the same in estonia ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/politics/society/fe2b0348-aaaa-4d48-ba38-109767abc823 ) . 
  except it 's worse because they often emigrate to another country rather than simply moving to a city . 
  probably [ insert a type of tree here ] street . 
  also streets named after cities in the region . 
  france did n't cancel anything because poland or the us asked them not to sell mistrals to russia , france only canceled years later , after russia moved in ukraine . 
  that 's what 's keeping you from that perfect hdi rating . 
  afaik the reason so many iraqis and somalis are flocking to finland now is because it 's easier for them ( non-syrians ) to get an asylum in finland than in sweden . 
  ca n't you just raise the bar too ? 
  how were they supposed to stop the migrants from coming ? 
  erect a hungary-style fence on the swedish border ? 
  i actually kind of like the espaces d'abraxas . 
  probably would n't want to live there but visually quite pleasing . 
   you know tankcsapsa ?!, 
  i do , they 're alright . 
  if i could be bothered sorting out my spotify playlists i could probably make a decent european rock/alternative/progressive / post-hardcore music list . 
  the mari language has been exposed to russian a lot more than estonian/finnish so it stands to reason it would sound more slavic . 
  i ca n't understand hungarian at all ( unlike finnish ) but purely phonetically , there can be similarities . 
  especially in songs for some reason . 
  [ here 's an example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjcertvd9fo ) . 
  the issue is n't population density , the issue is they lack pretty much everything and are unable or unwilling to improve their situation . 
  it 's a subtle way to shoo muslims . 
  and hiding unemployement . 
  at least you do n't have to worry about finding a seat . 
  what can i say , he took his retirement from football harder than anticipated . 
  so romania invented twerking ? 
  who do i trust ? 
  i trust me !, 
  the one we most rely on : usa , naturally , since they 're the strongest and most active nato member . 
  the most reliable one : latvia , because they 're our neighbours and it 's a safe bet if we 'll ever be in trouble , they 'll be in it with us . 
  speaking from my experience watching british tv , it seems to be going the other way round with british youths adopting the jamaican accent . 
  it 's possible . 
  lukashenko looks older than he is , he 's 61 , he can easily rule another 10 years or more . 
  smart money says he 's either evading debts , a jail sentence or both . 
  why does he have such a hard-on for nuclear deterrent ? 
  in the grand scheme of things , it costs a fracture of their current defence budget for which the uk gets to be a part of a very exclusive club and enjoy the benefits of the ultimate defensive assurance a country can have . 
  why such urge to neuter your own nation ? 
  must ruin that asap !, 
  russians only have like 15-20 classic slavic-orthodox names , though . 
  whereas we have a vast array of estonian/finnic names , estonianized bible names and adopted germanic names to choose from . 
  same way with muhammad being the most popular given name in many western european places , not because there are that many muslims but because they do n't have that many names to choose from . 
  what about cuntish parents who give their children anglicized names , e.g. 
  eric rather than erik ? 
  do these count as different names or do they lump them together during a census ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  then again , i imagine the ones with lighter injuries probably did n't want to stick around and wait for the police and ambulance since they have no legal status and all that . 
  afaik if you are miss something , you are not allowed to pose nude . 
  if you do , they 'll strip your title . 
  just scrambling for a more logical reason , then again it could be totally random . 
  i have no idea but could it be a bucket is a euphemism for tits/ass in finnish or something like that ? 
  as a child , i used to run up downwards escalators for fun at local malls , probably causing a certain level of embarrassment to my parents in the process . 
  these guys are old lol . 
   do you have any idea why they have chosen to stay ? 
  beats me . 
  i do n't know how our benefits compare to latvian , but i doubt there 's a massive difference . 
  mind you , this only concerns the redistributed refugees , so we 're talking about less than 100 people here now . 
   just the nordics thing ? 
  as you well know , eesti can not into nordic . 
   what 's the general sentiment towards refugees in estonia ? 
  government ( both previous and the one forming now ) : very pro-refugees or mostly pro . 
  public : overall negative . 
  i do n't have the latest news , but as of about a month ago , yes . 
  it came up in the media here when it was reported the ones sent to latvia had left . 
  interestingly , afaik none of ours have . 
  how did you come to this ? 
  he does n't hate the eu , he hates the `` regressive left '' who in his opinion are currently ruining the eu , and hopes trump will set an example europe will follow . 
  whether he is missguided in his beliefs or not , that 's not the same thing . 
  also , i think you 'll find statements such as yours wo n't help people see the eu in a more positive light . 
  does n't change the fact the us have made a swing to the right . 
   most young people i know who own a house now got their parents involved one way or another . 
  this . 
  or grandparents dying and leaving you their home . 
  plenty of people rent , but nobody can afford buying . 
  and how exactly does one go about healing racial divisions ? 
  best american president in my memory ( granted , i 'm not an old man ) . 
  could use a pic from belgium or france after an attack and say the same . 
  it 's bad , but it 's also inevitable there will be some . 
  you can hope to bring these numbers down by improving the driving culture and lecturing people to be more careful on the road , but i do n't think the law in question will help with that . 
  like you said , the real delinquents will just carry on driving as they have , regardless of whether they have a license or not . 
  also unfinished school does n't mean they 're bad drivers . 
  a lot of truck drivers are thick as shit , but they 're better drivers than i am . 
  [ list of countries by traffic-related death rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate ) you guys are n't even that bad . 
  plenty of countries in europe have more traffic deaths per capita , as do the us . 
  this thread now feels like the kind of conversation you get after 5 hours in at a pub . 
  mmm , shrimp . 
  well they are the two biggest creditors in greece . 
  also , that 's another thing . 
  if someone was taking bribes or had some other kind of illegal income , i would like to think they 'd have enough sense not to spend it on a car they then parade infront of every coworker and everyone else every single day they pull up to their job at a prosecutor 's office . 
  i have no intentions of actually going there , and i sure as hell would n't be starting a business lol .
