  seems about right . 
  except serbia . 
  judging by internet , you 'd think serbia would be  90 % . 
  if anything , your dick is probably cleaner than your face and hands because it just sits in your pants all day while your face and hands are exposed to all the dirt and bacteria outside . 
  you wash your hands after because a dick is considered icky , not because it 's particularly unclean . 
   netherlands ... what the hell are you doing ? 
  [ it 's tradition !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prgwp9_j1uy ), 
   l\u00edda baarov\u00e1 ( ... whatever you might think of her choice of partners ... ) . 
  `` who did she date ... * googles * ... 
  i guess even nazi ministers of propaganda could n't resist czech hotties . 
  [ miss europe 2015 ] ( http://bulvar24.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/miss-europe-continental-8.jpg ) , compare the length of hair . 
  or with any group of women today really . 
  flair checks out . 
  looks like short hair was in . 
  would n't be so sure about that . 
  agriculture is still very much a vital strategic industry that creates real products . 
  also , there 's a huge difference whether the percentage of people working in agriculture is declining because the sector is becoming more effective or because it 's dying out . 
  looks like we have the biggest drop % - wise . 
  tallinn and harjumaa area * lower * than the rest of the country ? 
  that does n't seem right . 
  meanwhile in the cypriot ministry of agriculture : but , but ... minister , they had the word democratic in their name ... 
  some kind of gossip and lifestyle blogger . 
  this is as heinous as it is stupid . 
  most greek military equipment is actually built in greece . 
  iirc greece was the last country to have leopard 2 in production . 
  shitposting level : / r/europe, 
   i left some cheese-burgers in the fridge that does n't sound like the murica i know . 
  not her in the vids . 
  the dancer is actually a teenage girl who looks kinda older than she is . 
  they 'd fit right in with us . 
  winner : bulgaria < 3 loser : poland with duckface trump, 
  they are scared of strong and intelligent markets . 
  have earthquakes become more frequent in italy or have i just paid less attention before ? 
  [ yes , we are hungry ] ( https://i.imgur.com/skbxtli.jpg ), 
  also , market saturation . 
  cars are n't something people buy every year and pretty much everyone who wants a car in wealthier countries already got one . 
  a large country like france is buying 93k rifles , much smaller and poorer greece with conscription army would need at least as many if not more . 
  so yes , it is an issue . 
  conscription army problems . 
  means you need a shitton of rifles even if your active army is n't that huge . 
  not to mention buying loads of new and expensive rifles and just leaving most of them in army depots is uneconomic . 
  / r/notborat, 
  what 's the state of the serbian army today anyway ? 
  obviously serbia inherited the bulk of yugoslavian equipment , but then came the wars and most of what was left after should be hopelessly outdated by now . 
  and it 'll only continue to grow as money makes money and it 's usually the ones who have the least money that have the most children . 
   german women stereotypes ( not what i expected ) but as an italian , i imagine this is a major turn on for you . 
  t-14 is not the average russian tank . 
  it 's only entering production now and no one knows when it 'll actually start entering service in any significant numbers . 
  the bulk of russian tank fleet will be made of t-72s and t-90s for decades to come . 
   czechia has the surplus in women tertiary education , yet the score isnt going over 1.0 . 
  not in stem , and there is no reason why waitresses and office administrators with degrees in design , social studies or psychology should earn more than say mechanics or construction workers . 
  yeah , i do n't think a sex tape would damage trump . 
  half of the country already thinks he 's a sexist pig , while the other half would probably approve . 
  yes , it 's very poor source indeed , but come to think of it , i do n't think i 've ever seen an eurostat map on crime . 
  sweden does n't drink ? 
  [ finland , go over there and show them how it 's done . 
  ] ( https://vid.me/s4tv ), 
  italy ? 
  how are giraffe radars not counter-battery ? 
  died in 2001 , not in the war . 
  it 's partially about money , but then again everything is . 
  there is not a single aspect of our lives that would n't be improved if we had more money . 
  falling birth rates are mostly a result of the changes in personal values , where having children is no longer a priority . 
  what i do n't understand is why the article singles out women , it 's not like men are that eager to become fathers either . 
  well if you hate the jews , syria was definitely one of the top countries to go to . 
  this sure brings back times ... 
   white supremacist frog, 
  i like how a lot of these are mutual . 
  the italian self-deprecation is real . 
  personally ? 
  against , but most people here seem to be for . 
  my problem with media is not so much bias as it is overall quality . 
  allied with napoleonic france = invaded most of europe . 
  i actually physically hurts to read this scaremongering rubbish . 
  because only a small percentage of the population is gay ? 
  * cough * incognito mode or private browsing , my brother * cough * . 
  not entirely her fault , but she definitely added to it . 
   that 's just scapegoating . 
  it was n't exactly the smartest comment to make but the refugees had already been coming before she made that remark . 
  please , it was n't just merkel . 
  germany and sweden have been working consciously for years on making themselves top migrant destinations . 
  `` refugees welcome '' , `` humanitarian superpower '' , all that jazz . 
  everyone took part in it , the elite , the media , the public ... you ca n't advertise yourself like that and then act surprised when half of the third world wants to come . 
  if germany and sweden are unhappy now , they only got themselves to blame . 
  there are plenty of wealthy countries without such a migrant influx . 
  [ there would be no way of knowing . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08gfjxndx_a ), 
  pudding race ? 
  because we all want more . 
  we 'd rather work longer , even overtime , and get paid more than work shorter hours and get paid less . 
  employees complain about employers being greedy , but we 're all greedy , employers are simply on a higher level . 
  you do n't really get a chance to make those kinds of jokes anymore . 
  we have whole new generations now who do n't even know what a floppy was . 
  got to use every opportunity . 
  there 's some truth on both sides . 
  yugoslavia never went full retard with planned economy the way soviet union did , so by the late 80s it was indeed doing significantly better than the rest of the so-called eastern bloc , but not the west , however the gap was still smaller then than it is now ( in serbia at least ) . 
  mysterious friendly strangers appear and move some stuff around ? 
  they 're called servants , your majesty . 
   gustavo 760  gustavo 1 some poor bastard was named in caps lock .
