  what i do n't get is with wages and uah / $ rates so shit , why do people even bother with real jobs instead of doing some basic online work like transcription ? 
  huh ? 
  i think the implication is that it 's bribes from crooks she/her hubby prosecute . 
  could be daddy 's money . 
  the real outrage here is that a prosecutor earns just $ 2,870 a year . 
  makes me think even i could live like a king there . 
  the new coalition will that of the local branch of united russia , a party owned by a russian businessman whose wealth greatly depends on trade with russia and has-been conservatives . 
  the dream team . 
  yes , someone like britain can definitely get in on that , but this is more about big western european producers trying to push out the american competition so they could have a monopoly in europe , which is n't good for smaller countries for whom buying american is often the better choice . 
   say the eu wanted some battleships , where would they be built ? 
  in the 1940s ? 
  sorry , i had to , but you 're right . 
  the answer is france and germany , which is why they are for it . 
  `` we 'll forgive you for that time you got angry at us for taking crimea , starting a war in ukraine and downing a plane full of dutch passengers . '', 
  honestly , i ca n't even picture the eu army . 
  it 's still very much a pipe dream even for the advocates . 
   if true , how is that any different than the present situation ? 
  in the present , countries actually have their own militaries they can rely on . 
   and is it true at all , considering we 'd be running in from the eu parliament and council , where people can get outvoted ? 
  my point exactly . 
  who wants to have an army run by someone who can outvote your national interests ? 
  the only parties who actually have a deep interest in this are the french and german arms producers as the eu army would mean their companies would have a * de facto * monopoly in europe . 
  best case scenario any eu army would still always be just a le pen or another schr\u00f6der away from being an impotent mess . 
  no thank you . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  more mouths means smaller portions . 
  someone should make a map of these , the remove kebab belt . 
  if you got rid of the camp , a lower back tattoo saying `` to each his own '' would have a whole different meaning . 
   that feeling when you want to live in a caliphate , but still yearn after the soft underbelly of a welfare state . 
  [ worst tramp stamp ever . 
  ] ( http://www.pnn.de/fm/61/thumbnails/heprodimagesfotos93220151217marcelzechtatoo.6944742.jpg.6944744.jpg ), 
  never thought i 'd see the word arse on the same list as jesus christ . 
  you can legally marry your uncle , aunt or a cousin by blood in most european countries , that is not to say people will condone it . 
  half of the networks in my building have joke names . 
  the thing is there is n't a compromise to be had in syria as long as russia is backing assad . 
  should assad win , most refugees would never go back . 
  in fact , more would follow as the assad regime would stomp out the remaining opposition . 
  the new year is the big one , but usually there 's someone setting off fireworks during almost any celebration . 
  you make it sound so festive . 
  til i can sort of read ukrainian . 
  does it actually say warmer and colder at the bottom ? 
  we 're talking about tens and hundreds of thousands of people here . 
  the conditions on those ships would soon become much worse than in camps . 
  or imagine if a ship full of failed asylum seekers scheduled to be sent back started rioting . 
  not to mention , supplying such vast number of people on sea is much more difficult and expensive than it is on land . 
  why not just temporarily declare those camps in italy and greece special administrative areas and not officially italy and greece ? 
  they need paint a silly face on it . 
  a ) russians are not planning an attack . 
  b ) even if they did , those foreign troops would n't stay around for that . 
  if you think they would , then i 've got a bridge to sell you . 
  i got downvoted here when i said those deployments are a stupid idea that will do nothing but waste money and damage international relationships of everyone involved . 
  i 'm afraid this is only the beginning . 
  and sure , russia wo n't miss a chance to stir some shit up , but frankly they do n't even have to . 
  having foreign troops in your country is never ever a good thing . 
  east germany was under total soviet control , poland somewhat less . 
  also , when soviet union was falling apart , catholicism made something of a revival in poland , because it was seen as returning to ones roots , and because the pope was a pole . 
  not just spain . 
  christianity is still the `` default '' religion for most europeans , even if they do n't really practice it . 
  iirc the us have a huge surplus of maxxpros and other mraps ever since pulling out of iraq and afghanistan . 
  the us even went around offering them to various allied nations for free , but there were only few takers ( croatia comes to mind ) , because they do n't really fit active army requirements and the fuel efficiency is shit . 
  so it only make sense the us army offloaded some to the police and other law enforcement agencies . 
  how do you pronounce it ? 
  [ according to wiki ( world bank sources ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_energy_consumption_per_capita ) it 's twice as much or more . 
  also consumption . 
  northern europeans have to put up with way bigger heating bills . 
   but how reliable is alexa ? 
  probably not very . 
  there were more rankings that did n't quite make sense , such as shopping sites ahead of major news sites , vk ( russian facebook ) ahead of real facebook etc. 
  bongacams.com [ ( alexa top ) ] ( http://www.alexa.com/topsites/countries/ee ) it 's like 99 % latina and russian girls ( research was done ) . 
  fun fact : according to alexa , the 5th most popular site in estonia is a relatively unknown camgirl site . 
  although apparently it comes up as a pop-up on many porn and streaming sites . 
   tabloid there 's your problem . 
  europe - we like to look shit up . 
  will they also forcibly remove girls from their husbands ? 
  otherwise , i do n't really see the point of this , as girls married off to older men by islamic rules will just continue living with them , and they 'll simply wait a few years before squaring things up with officials in germany . 
  reckon it is now , all those quotes predate the age of pc . 
  it 's not defeatist , it 's realistic . 
  you 're too semantic about the whole thing , the real political stage is n't as black and white . 
  are you daft ? 
  first of all , that 's not what i said . 
  putin was n't rich before getting into politics , and his current wealth remains very much a mistery . 
  so if anything , he 's the former type , not the latter . 
  and trump inherited a great wealth , so he 's not a self-made man either . 
  as for ranting about money giving a person political power , that 's just silly . 
  of course having a lot of money will give you a leg up in politics , just like having more money will help you with anything else . 
  call it unfair as much as you want , but that 's just how the world works . 
  everywhere . 
  my point was a self-made person is a better decision-maker than a wormy career politican whose only agenda is securing their cushy position . 
  there is however a huge difference between a corrupt official who used their position to make a fortune and someone who was already a billionaire before they got into politics . 
  i would n't necessarily mind the latter . 
  if anything , having amassed a fortune only proves that person can get things right . 
  aww , not this shit again . 
  it 's a regular militia that has been a part of the armed forces since the first republic . 
  finland , latvia and sweden all have similar organizations . 
  if you want to take your national defence seriously , but you only have a small population and ca n't afford keeping tens of thousands of men away from work , having a milita is the only way to go . 
  good job spinning it as another russian hysteria story . 
  because it 's germany who are buying up poland and not the other way around . 
  this would 've been a much better article if there was more information about who these people are , when they got into politics , and how they actually made their money . 
  like poroshenko himself is very rich , but he was rich way before he got into politics and actually did more to earn his money than most rich people . 
  also it just lists declared wealth , not wages .
