  basically there are : * `` slaves by choice '' , illegal working immigrats from very poor countries who would rather endure mistreatment than go back . 
  * women forced into prostitution and kept in line with drugs/violence . 
  * elderly/disabled people who are formally taken care of by someone who in reality collects their pension/disability benefits and treats them like shit . 
  dude , it 's the most produced jet fighter in the world and will remain in service for decades to come . 
  in reality , very few nations have more modern fighters , let alone in any significant numbers . 
  apparently there were 140k of those chinese workers in involved on the allied side . 
  not an insignificant number even by wwi standards . 
  the tank in the first pic is a british mark iv for sure . 
  the huge picture of the tower of gediminas might be pushing it . 
  all that 's missing are complimentary basketballs with a lidl logo on them . 
  well that certainly would be embarrasing . 
  [ still do n't want this free bucket ? 
  f16 * nobody is talking about the f22 , those are n't even for sale . 
   in an actual war they would be destroyed on the ground in the opening moments you could say the same about any target , though . 
  besides , we could do what the nordics do and operate them from mixed use airports , hoping * tactical enemy `` red '' * wo n't risk killing hundreds of foreign nationals . 
  what truly worries me , is the fact for the past 10 years , we 've been following the infamous 2 % guideline yet our bang for buck spending has been absolutely appalling . 
  everything done thus far has been predicated on the belief we can fully rely on our allies for everything and transforming our own military into a cushy auxiliary force . 
  i find such approach incredibly undignified and dangerous , because the simple truth is you can never truly rely on anyone and what is n't ours , is n't ours . 
  looks cool but i feel sorry for people whose houses are under it . 
  depends really on the state of the used f16 . 
  good to hear . 
  meanwhile here , we still get the `` we 're to poor to buy jets , so lets keep paying allies to patrol our skies and build bases etc '' , even though combined , the baltics have like twice the gdp of bulgaria . 
  back in high school i pretty much aced all my english tests , not always the case with estonian . 
  [ the real difference between europe and america ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rcx8zovgw8 ), 
  never been more proud of my country . 
  another very important reason for superior german aim was visibilty . 
  the brits had to spot the german ships in a fog against a gloomy sky , whereas the germans saw silhouettes of british ships against a clear horizon . 
  only happens once a year tops , though . 
  most countries have more males among the young . 
  in here , the gap has grown to over 109 men for every 100 women among 25-29-year-olds ( the age when one often starts a family ) and it 's not doomsday yet , unless you happen to live in the rural regions . 
  sweden will probably cope but they might want to review their policy of taking in tens of thousands of `` teenage boys '' every year before it really gets out of hand . 
  it 's not tallinn without a rude russian security guard . 
  also means you probably live somewhere where it is nice as fuck . 
   i am sure when i was a kid strawberries tasted delicious no matter where they were from . 
  same . 
  also sometimes the cheap ones taste great and the expensive ones do n't . 
  it 's a bit of a gamble so usually i buy them where they let you taste them before . 
  i will point out you 're the only one who actually mentioned fucking . 
  [ but yes , i see where you 're coming from . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxyeatsi85s ), 
  in estonia , commieblocks will have mercedes , bmws and suvs in front of them , while people in middle class suburbs drive 20-year-old volvos . 
  people who waste money on flashy new cars tend not to have it for very long . 
  the season is only starting here and i have n't bought any yet . 
  in the past years they 've been like $ 1-3 / kg , more for the `` premium '' ones . 
  yeah , that was an awkward read . 
  do n't most people still speak russian apart from maybe the most western part of the country ? 
   edit : someone is shadowbanned . 
  i think the post itself counts as a comment . 
  either way , finbros will feast tonight !, 
  mozart was both austrian and german . 
  austria and germany today might be separate states but they 're still the same ethnic group . 
  kafka was jewish . 
  kant was german . 
  the fact russians genocided his hometown some centuries later does n't make him less so . 
  we 're pretty stealthy . 
  estonian tourists will be shy and quiet as to not draw unwanted attention and will ask for directions or assistance as a last resort only . 
  or the opposite to this if/when drunk . 
  the article does n't mention we 'd be footing the bill for much of it which in turn would put a serious dent in developing our own military . 
  this is a horrible idea . 
  that 's also probably the right * split * as the one / u/a _ nest_of_nope linked was a wwii era destroyer . 
  metsat\u00f6ll , loits , herald , taak with metsat\u00f6ll being the only ones who have also had success abroad . 
  i must say i 'm not a very huge metal fan so i 'm probably not the most qualified person to answer this . 
  question : does the term ` white british ' include the irish/other whites living in britain ? 
  we have ~ 180 ? 
  must include no-name bands . 
  do n't make me feel any worse , ours is a minehunter . 
  83 % had to take a guess a couple of times ( gilbert and sullivan ? ), 
  but seems pretty easy . 
  multiple-choice tests are always easier , i would n't recommend them . 
   although it is of course debatable whether the italians really ignored that the ship had changed owners , or instead rather purposely intended to weaken the new yugoslav navy as italy launched its adriatic land grab in the last days of wwi seeing how the rest of the former austro-hungarian navy was to be divided after the war , i find that unlikely . 
  besides , sinking one ship would n't have made that much of a difference . 
  if anything , it could 've angered the would-be yugoslavian allies . 
  also , happy cakeday !, 
   you do n't know what a class of economically useless and non integrating individuals is like . 
  yep , no idea at all :d, 
  unlikely . 
  there 's a considerable military presence around gibraltar and brits and spaniards tend to react quick when the other enters their territorial waters . 
  i usually only bet on football but i might bet on the uk staying too . 
  anyone on point here who knows which site gives the best odds ? 
   basic income makes it that alot of people will go from full time jobs to part time are you sure about that ? 
  today , most people who already have full time jobs welcome the chance to work overtime . 
  basic income or not , people always want more money and a chance to earn it . 
  this is not going to change , not unless such change will be forced upon and the normal working hours will cut shorter . 
  i could see basic income being implemented in a future society where more jobs have indeed been made redundant by machines but as of now , such society is still an utopia . 
   right wing  associated with communism ?? 
  it 's not all that difficult to capture a few cities in a country at civil war when you have large groups of armed men . 
  it is however much more difficult to actually create a state , islamic or otherwise , when you do n't have many skills other than chopping heads . 
  someone 's getting desperate . 
  he will be far less impressed when he discovers how much closet space we have . 
  sticking with your own has been the core principle of every civilization since the dawn of mankind . 
  human nature . 
  first of , complaining over sick refugees is just disgusting . 
  if anything , sick refugees need help more . 
  second , most of them are uneducated because contrary to what mainstream media claims , syria is not a very educated country . 
  the 86.4 % literacy rate compared to near 100 % in europe alone should shed some light . 
  syria might not be as underdeveloped as sub-saharan africa but they 're still miles behind europe . 
  who ever thought most syrians will be educated was either sorely mistaken or misled . 
  was surprised we 're right in the middle then saw it 's europe , not the eu . 
  also ppp is crap as it favours poorer countries way too much . 
  4.60-4 .90 , about 3 eur if on sale .
