  however yes , compared to most arab states , tunisia is doing fine . 
  or belgian shoppers got some good reflexes . 
  does the 4 dead include the attacker or not ? 
  there 's sticking a tenner on a football match online , and there 's putting in long hours at casinos on a regular basis . 
  there 's gambling and there 's gambling . 
  i do n't disagree , but it does make me wonder what 's the legal stance on simply owning an isis flag . 
  could a non-muslim european person who likes to collect flags used in conflicts get into trouble over it ? 
  i do n't think you can punish someone just because they happen to own a piece of specifically coloured cloth , you still have to prove intent . 
  is n't that bad for your blood pressure ? 
  finland  netherlands, 
  should be well under a minute for most howitzers firing from 30-40 km away , not `` minutes '' . 
  more importantly there can be a number of other variables . 
  for example there are no guarantees an enemy uav or w/e wo n't make you before you even set up etc. 
  being able to scoot asap is often of great importance . 
   do n't think there 's much fire 30 km behind frontlines if you can reach them , they can probably reach you , and frontlines are much more fluid these days . 
   that 's insanely fast not compared to a tracked sph which can bugger off right away . 
  meanwhile even our conscripts burn through large amounts of ammo , but when it comes to buying heavy equipment , there 's no money left . 
  birth rates are n't that much of a problem today , migration is , and that 's even worse because the state spends a ton of money on a child ( benefits , healthcare , education ) , and just when they finish school/uni and are expected to start contributing they fuck off . 
  the politicians simply wish to replace the lost children by having even higher birth rates , which of course is stupid . 
  france is using them to hammer isis at mosul right now . 
  well yes , the pros are lower maintenance costs compared to tracked vehicles , and also higher road speed . 
  other than that ...  next 30 years or however long these pieces are meat to serve . 
  could be more . 
  modern weapons last a long time . 
  caesar is a new system and has a long life of upgrades ahead of it . 
  the m109s they 're supposed to replace in denmark are from the 1960s . 
  sorry , but this is the worst `` automatic '' loading system i 've ever seen . 
  they still need a crew of 5 or 6 guys , they still need to carry those heavy shells by themselves , they still need to load the charges manually , they 're all completely exposed to enemy fire while operating the gun , and they need over a minute to leave their position after firing the last shell . 
  unfortunately once the drug problem becomes as bad as it is in the philippines where drug lords * de facto * control several cities , the fair trial for everyone system becomes impotent . 
  do n't think there were that many natives either apart from some amazonian tribes , and what little there were would 've been killed by diseases brought over from europe . 
  16k in two winter months that is . 
   munich alone dealt with 5.6 million visitors to last years oktoberfest . 
  tourists bring money and leave , refugees and migrants do the opposite . 
  probably still running that euro 2016 high . 
  poroshenko became rich by not sitting on his ass and thinking that someone else is going to make his life better , like most of his countrymen . 
  he seized opportunities where he could find them and built a confectionery business based on domestic capital , no easy task in 90s ukraine , believe that . 
  rather unfair to compare him to those who pulled some how-is-that-even-legal deals to appropriate the state 's chemical and steel companies . 
  he might be rich , but he deserves his wealth more than most billionaires today . 
  ahmed dinner jacket !, 
  i thought 23 was black lol, 
  andrus ansip for estonia : 3rd row , middle, 
  either him or theon greyjoy . 
  some of those wages make no sense . 
  software developers and professional footballers earn less than social workers and bus drivers ? 
  you mean the toyota in the 2017 pic ? 
  they 're command vehicles . 
  they 're faster than big trucks and can thus arrive to the scene quicker and assess the situation before the trucks arrive . 
  also the pennsylvania dutch , and as we know , the dutch are nazis . 
   naturally people would chose the nationality to which they have a higher degree of loyalty . 
  or which ever benefits them more , at least for the time being . 
  citizenship is matter of documentation , it does n't determine loyalty nor would stripping dutch turks of turkish citizenship magically transform them into dutch . 
  this is so believable . 
  average german : what the fuck has capital letters , small letters , numbers , and is easy to remember ... oh , i know !, 
  this is probably how the nsa got merkel . 
  needs a big gazprom logo on it . 
  `` i have already made up my mind . 
  do n't confuse me with facts or reason . '', 
  so an uneasy coalition on the cards ? 
  did n't see it was for high school students at first and thought bullshit . 
  but yeah , probably about right . 
  no civil war has ever broken out because of foreign parties . 
  foreign parties get involved to push their agenda , always have , but they ca n't actually start a war . 
  a civil war needs public discontent of epic proportions , and that is something no foreign power can create . 
  three condoms , two coins and some food stamps . 
  those fighter pilots sure lived in style . 
  also , his grandparents knew that a wwii fighter had crashed in their farm , but they never did anything about it ? 
  do n't think i 've seen a sexy picture of le pen before . 
  and yet the so-called quota refugees are some of the most vetted arrivals there are . 
  maybe i 'm an ass , but i just want to put up a big coca-cola sign across from that retirement home . 
  reminds me of a certain german film . 
   russia 's sphere of influence first of all their shit stained soviet empire is gone . 
  second the eu never did much against russia anyway . 
  if anything , there 's nato for that . 
   would have achieved the same level of development as they have now ? 
  difficult to say for sure at this point . 
  better in some ways , worse in others . 
  personally , i think it would 've been best to wait a bit longer , maybe establish a temporary union for countries freed from soviet rule , give companies based on domestic capital more time to grow , and build up a joint bulwark against russia . 
  either way , if it was up to me , i 'd reduce the eu to a standardized framework for bilateral treaties . 
  no free trade , free movement or subsidies . 
  there 'd only be as much trade and migration as both parties could agree upon . 
  completely free market results in hegemony of the biggest player , cue germany and their record trade surplus year after year . 
  nobody really gets money , and sure as hell nobody gets money they can use as they see fit . 
  it comes in western eu made stuff , which in turn kills domestic production . 
  eastern eu also had to open their relatively untapped markets wide open to western producers , again , devastating the barely emerging local business in the process , and on top of it suffers because of emigration . 
  there are no free meals in the eu . 
  the mass emigration that would follow alone would end up doing more harm to ukraine than good . 
   `` there were 160 of them and they all disappeared . 
  suddenly . 
  within five minutes , '' laura told the bbc . 
  i think this is also a giveaway . 
  [ wait , so the story was made up ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marostica#culture ), 
  darknet * 4chan is vanilla . 
  in france , in a zoo ? 
  figured it 'd be a first . 
  geez . 
  glorious ussr , the only nation to produce more different lines of military vehicles than civilian ones . 
  palestine as in the historic geographic region on which the state of israel lies today , not the arab state . 
  in 1933 , it was british governed and simply called palestine . 
  would n't want to be the leopard getting pounded by a camel , that 's for sure .
