  did n't the ancient greek falsely believe some of the more exotic species were hybrids ? 
  like lion + tiger = liger , camel + leopard = ... giraffe !, 
  we 're simply say what you see kind of folk . 
  how so , pray tell ? 
  never said it was ? 
  just thought it 'd be interesting . 
  what about palestine in 1933 ? 
  menshevik defensist, 
  estonia in 2014 : +2117 -- 4160 [ source ] ( http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/dialog/varval.asp?ma=por04&amp;ti=external+migration+by+sex%2c+age+group+and+country&amp;path=../i_databas/population/03vital_events/14migration/&amp;lang=1 ), 
  so a double win ? 
  i 'd play golf with juncker . 
  us passports have black covers ? 
  what kind of a retard would hire men if they could get women to do it for less ? 
  in many ways , nordic militaries have fallen victim to their own wealth . 
  traditionally , majority of the men who enlist come from poorer working class families , for whom a career in the military seems more attractive than anything else that is in store for them . 
  but in a high-income welfare state like sweden or norway you can make good money doing almost any kind of job , and a job that demands discipline and hard work like the military quickly loses its appeal . 
  especially in a stronghold of liberal ideals such as sweden . 
  that leaves only the patriots . 
  which is why nordic units tend to be very professional with high morale , but perpetually undermanned . 
  more likely we do n't have enough people who 'd be arsed to organize one every year . 
  estonians are shy by nature , gay ones perhaps even more so . 
  those parades are usually anything but . 
  pretty much the only gay friend i have actually moved away from here because he found the dating pool was ridiculously small and awkward . 
  dude , we got like 10 different old fashioned names for every month of the year , but nobody but your grandma remembers them all today . 
  [ how do you say it in danish ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr-flwonaza ), 
  point is you ca n't restore the original look without damaging the helmets too much . 
  shame you ca n't reverse oxidation . 
  they 're `` stateless '' by choice . 
  they had every possibility to obtain russian citizenship by request and every opportunity to become naturalized in estonia , which given how they came to be here is beyond generous . 
  they chose not to . 
  and it 's not an issue . 
  my mom is `` stateless '' and she does n't care . 
  it 's only a problem for russia who do n't have enough voters to tear this country apart . 
  reminds me of the season 2 episode of the wire where the stevedores are all upset after being given a presentation about the highly automated port of rotterdam . 
  while maintaining eye contact throughout and giving her `` the look '' . 
  ahmed , i wonder what they 're saying about our righteous cause on the internet ... * google : milf * o allah !, 
  dr congo - same population as germany , gdp of the tiny saarland . 
  also the only one to be sunk by a mtb . 
  i have a 3510i in my desk drawer that still works . 
  must be going on 15 years now , i love that phone . 
  to those red dots called cities . 
  seems fairly predictable . 
  le pen gets some of fillon 's voters and macron gets everyone else i take it . 
  flagship of alexander the great . 
   fermenting yeast in a vat you say that like there 's something greater . 
  * us - no * russia - surface fleet yes , nuclear subs not so much * china - chinese real naval capabilities are largely a mistery , but more or less because the eu consists of many countries , its navy is much more fragmented than if it was a united superpower . 
  basically : loads of smaller ships , but lacks major surface combatants and ssbns . 
  thankfully the hull , the deck and the bridge look relatively intact . 
  restoration seems totally doable and worth it . 
   now it 's been purchased by the serbian army and will be restored again . 
  good to hear . 
  what 's the state of it now ? 
  flair checks out . 
  built in france for a norwegian company ? 
  no it 's not . 
  there are more women because they live longer . 
  under the age of 40 , there are usually more men than women . 
  over here it 's close to 110 men for every 100 women for late 20s and early 30s , and the gap widens every year because of migration . 
  those generations are all but gone . 
  an 18-year-old drafted in the final year of the war is 90 today . 
  i remember fiat threatening to move all production out of italy a few years ago . 
  which strikes me as odd considering how well-situated they are over there and italian labour is n't that expensive . 
  name ends with a vowel ? 
  tesla confirmed as an italian . 
  does this include eu , nato etc workers ? 
  no , that 's just an excuse such people give , because they like to think they 're somehow better than the people back home and because it sounds better than admitting they 're economic migrants pure and simple . 
  i call bollocks . 
  people leave for more money in the west and to escape the stigma of being eastern , ex-socialist , russian-controlled or w/e you want to call it . 
  if the east had more money , everyone would be flocking there . 
  no matter how racist it was . 
  do n't see what 's so bad about taking out the trash . 
  it takes only a minute , while cleaning the house and ironing can take ages . 
  exactly , but everything does n't have to be the newest and shiniest . 
  the important thing is it works . 
  that 's why countries such as greece , israel , finland and russia get a lot more bang for their buck than western european countries who keep buying only the latest designs with huge price tags in tiny amounts . 
  the thing is the dutch actually spend quite a lot , more than the likes of greece for example , yet they do n't have shit to show for it . 
  more spending does n't automatically mean better military , especially in europe it does n't . 
  it 's how you spend it . 
  might 've been neutral since 1868 , but plenty of liechtensteiners , including members of the princely family , served in the austro-hungarian military until the end of wwi . 
  not to mention having a successful youtube channel . 
  everyone is always short of digital workers . 
  except unlike many others , the uk actually has the means to attract them . 
  i was going to ask about this . 
  did he mean officials and civil servants only or everyone working for the state ? 
  because like you said , the state usually owns some of the biggest companies in the country : energy companies , state forestry and timber companies , military industry ... all these produce real value/exports . 
   the cost of accommodating our child refugees is enormous : # 160 per child per day . 
  surely this ca n't be true . 
  georgia has russified abkhazians and ossetians . 
  syria is n't being occupied , they 're just backing a friendly regime and it also serves as a test bed for weapons , kind of like spain in the 1930s . 
  how very dare you ? 
  i bleed blue , black and white !, 
  perhaps they disappointed him later on . 
  proof god loves poland , lombardy in italy and the pyrenees . 
  i also knew the only other english language song , rag n bone man - human , which is a pretty big hit . 
  singing in english is pretty much a given if you want international recognition . 
  this picture triggered a memory . 
  he 'd scratch his nose and come up with an idea , right ? 
  those descriptions are hilarious . 
  a troublemaker , oh no !,
