  sorry but a human life costs a lot less over there and yes there will be those who 'd risk their life if the reward is living in a welfare state which is perceived as heaven on earth . 
  i apologize . 
  i was n't sure myself , hence the question mark . 
  the rest of what i said stands though . 
  it 's quick and easy money so it 's a safe bet there will be locals getting in on it . 
  not saying this was the case here but technically this could well be a one man operation . 
  smuggling migrants is the fastest growing business in europe right now . 
  originally the traffickers were mainly afghanis , then the albanians caught on etc. 
  it does n't exactly take much to buy an old truck , approach a group of illegals staggering along a road and say you 'll take them to a rich country for few thousands of euros . 
  i 'm not saying it has to be wham bam , thank you ma'am but come on . 
  it 's been 24 years now . 
  see , that 's why romania has such low birth rates . 
  and they say we 're the slow ones ... 
  pretty much what one would expect ; the guy is peeter oja , he 's a comedian and he 's mocking the regular scantily clad weathergirls . 
  also , it 's going to rain bananas throughout the country . 
  happy wanking . 
   i 'll just have to watch boring regular porn that 's right . 
  there better not be any facesitting involved . 
  because once you get too many immigrants sharing same/similar background , they 'll just set up their own communities rather than integrate/assimilate . 
  human nature really . 
  just have your anschluss already and get over with it . 
  up your game , denmark !, 
  should n't they paint over the logo when a vehicle is sold ? 
  because right now , hyza just got some real nice free advertisement . 
  not if they can rule it an accident . 
  true in regards to eu immigrants in general . 
  not true if it 's mostly romas . 
  there also comes a point when it just becomes too much , even if the said immigrants are a net gain to the economy . 
  does that include all those arab , russian and indian tycoons residing in britain ? 
  that 's not a fence though , just some barbed wire . 
  they come legally and claim asylum on arrival or when they overstay their visa . 
  only if you identify sexually as an attack helicopter . 
  ca n't violate rights of migrants you do n't have , innit also congrats on your basketball win, 
  * `` hello dear friend , this your supplier . 
  as you can see , i have new e-mail ... and a new bank account ... '' *, 
  [ italy and greece do n't really need help . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6887997/3-18062015-cp-en.pdf/4457b050-26f9-4cf1-bf27-9ffb73ff8c7b ) they 're just transit states so while most of the migrants land there , very few of them stay there . 
  greece and italy get 200-something asylum seekers per 1 million inhabitants , meanwhile austria and sweden get over a 1000 while hungary gets over 3000 . 
  i disagree . 
  it is a national problem . 
  national problem of select member states with an open door policy and generous welfare benefits . 
  migrants do n't go to poorer countries because there is n't much to get from them . 
  lose the benefits and this flood of migrants will recede . 
  and a person born to a family of billionaires is no more deserving of his life of luxury than i am . 
  but it happens . 
  depends on ones definition of danger . 
  wasp might cause more deaths in real life but if i had to choose between being locked in a room with a wasp or a fully grown bear , i 'd still go wasp . 
  by hiring illegals you can pay them below the state minimum , pay no taxes , offer no health benefits etc. 
  there are plenty of reasons why illegals have an unfair `` advantage '' . 
  haha , imagine taking a chick out on a boat , saying you 'll take her to your private island . 
  then show her a small rock sticking out of the sea : `` ai n't it a beauty , luv ? 
  i would n't use the word nazis referring to jews but ( ultra - ) nationalists definitely . 
  especially by european standards . 
  how frequent are neo-nazi attacks against jews in europe ? 
  i do n't think they are . 
  i mean actual attacks , not some punks spray painting a swastika on something . 
  the nationalists today seem to be mostly anti-muslim so in a way they 're on the same side . 
  just cameras and occasional drones , we 're still some time away from energy shields . 
  and the tech part is stupid tbh . 
  we had cameras when they took kohver , they used smoke grenades . 
  i 'd much rather just have a much bigger and cheaper concrete wall . 
  while there is nothing wrong with jews moving to israel , i 'd obviously rather not see people leaving because of danger or perceived danger . 
  also it 's not like israel is ` safe ' for jews . 
  plenty of attacks take place there too , probably even more than in europe . 
  so much this . 
  jailing working illegals seems totally unwarranted . 
  just deport them and fine the employers . 
  this way , the state will actually see a net gain , instead of a loss . 
  but as / u/bjarkebjarke said , it was the most predictable outcome when the government disregards non-violent protests . 
  a person in estonia died from a wasp sting only yesterday . 
  however that does n't make them more dangerous than say bears or wolves , just a lot more common . 
  probably the brown bear . 
  was talking about the anti-migrant sentiment in general rather than possible arson attacks . 
  so you can only oppose something when it 's already too late ? 
  quite a lot of wiki articles are written by university students . 
  well , estonia anyway . 
  latvia and slovenia are about the same size , lithuania is bigger . 
  hungary is that way - , 
  why , op , why ? 
  because syrians are the only ones fleeing an actual war . 
  it is , quite briefly but in detail . 
  expulsion from poland and czechoslovakia but also the so-called `` volga germans '' in the soviet union and frenchification of alsace-lorraine . 
  actually , yes . 
  you ca n't arrest someone just because you think they are dangerous . 
  because rights and liberties . 
  not relevant enough to have a stereotype :( , although perhaps it 's for the best since roughly half of them are n't exactly flattering . 
  you added a few minutes to your life . 
  do n't underestimate the chinese , they 're quite knowledgeable about the world or at least eu & us . 
  surely they know some of the more common stereotypes . 
  you forgot sealand !, 
  singapore is tiny too but it 's even more dense and is the 36th largest economy in the world ( larger than ireland , finland ) . 
  the summer here did n't really start until mid-late july but it has been great since . 
  no , in the eu everyone has the wrong weather . 
  all the time . 
  it 's either too hot and dry or too cold and wet . 
  it 's never perfect . 
  so i guess food prices will be going up . 
  regardless whether it 's because of actual supply/demand or speculation . 
  ok , when i said muslims i meant mainly arabs and blacks . 
  turks are n't a good example as they 're mostly secular and practically a modern european nation .
