  any recommendation as to what brand ( s ) i should seek ? 
  there are still minefields in cyprus from the 70s , i imagine it 's way worse in the balkans . 
  yugoslav war still claiming it 's victims ... 
  you should tell that to the endless streams chanting `` germany , germany , germany '' . 
  she 's been up there for quite some time , though , might be getting on a bit . 
  thing is if you could build a tower like that , why not build a proper stronghold while at it ? 
  are they within seeing distance from each other ? 
  like if you were at the top of one of such towers , could you signal another ? 
  at least when it comes to demonstrations and strikes , they learned it from the best ( the french ) . 
  from what time is it ? 
  because these figures seems very low . 
   students from another university stole his head and held it for ransom . 
  not sure if ultimate troll or just a nutjob . 
  not at all . 
  a slight decrease across the board perhaps , nothing more . 
  the issue is n't white people dying out , it 's non-whites having crazy birth rates . 
  mandatory military service in estonia , so yes . 
  however owning a firearm is pretty rare , at least in my social circles . 
  those cheeky 14th century stenographers ... 
  lithuania are missing kleiza and d-mo badly . 
  this marine gets it . 
  or olive oil . 
  every health nut i come across keeps banging on about how olive oil is literally the elixir of life . 
  i 'm beginning to think i should try it . 
  did n't serbia have the most smokers per capita ? 
  e : wiki puts serbia 2nd after greece . 
  certainly not by this much . 
  makes me feel less ashamed for losing to them 57 -- 80 in the group stage . 
  satoransky and vesely are beasts . 
  in estonia , we dipped below 60 % at one point . 
  today , roughly 75 % of children born/entering schools are estonians . 
  so these trends can be reversible , although since it 's largely the third world migrants the uk keeps getting , it 's doubtful . 
  and syrians will just happily go back under his rule ? 
  mines open - whenever there 's an accident , everyone acts if the miners are oppressed characters from zola 's germinal . 
  mined closed - oh woe , they have no work . 
  greece definitely has a shot against spain , they have n't been on their best so far . 
  it 's an english language subreddit after all . 
  many syrians also have families , i 'd reckon they inspire more sympathy and appear less dangerous than young males from literally the most savage and violent places in the world . 
  syria is much more civilized and developed . 
  i bet it 's frustrating to be an old lady and still get referred to as speer 's daughter . 
  integration might work but only as long as there is no conflict between the culture of immigrants and that of their host country . 
  problem is sooner or later there will always come a time it will happen . 
  serious question : how many people speak catalan during the course of their everyday duties in catalonia ? 
  i mean , from your own personal experience , not some official study where people feel obliged to answer they do even if they really mainly just speak spanish . 
   friday , 15 june , 2001 it did 14 years ago . 
  so much more today , i assume . 
  did you mean oran by any chance ? 
  it 's not really europe 's headache , though , is it ? 
  after all , it 's their business . 
  the rest of europe does n't decide anything . 
  it will only become europe 's issue if/when catalonia actually splits and we have to start foreign relations with them . 
  tbh , there are probably more people in the world who care about fc barcelona than there are people who care about catalan independence . 
  except if catalonia did split , spain might get butthurt and kick barca ( and espanyol and other catalan teams ) out of the spanish league . 
  would n't put it past them . 
  atletico and sevilla could get more sponsors and get leniencies with debts etc to keep the league more competative . 
  any larger amount of migrants always has and will always form their own communities or `` ghettos '' . 
  it 's inevitable and happens for the very same reason most natives do n't like immigrants - people like living among their own . 
  any talk about equal distribution is a fantasy . 
  sure , their initial government supplied housing might be spread all over but unless they 'll run away from lithuania alltogether ( most likely scenario ) , they will form ghettos down the road ( in major cities as it 's easier that way ) . 
  reconquista time !, 
  helgoland looks really awesome , used to be a major german naval base in wwi and ii but it 's demilitarized today i think . 
  they come to europe because ( some ) european countries are wealthy and willing to take them in . 
  they do n't go to rich arab countries because they wo n't have them . 
  they do n't go eastern european countries or russia because they 're not wealthy enough . 
  western europe gets these migrants because they 've made themselves the perfect targets . 
  it 's got fuck all to do with who supported who in what war . 
  poland is too christian maybe . 
  bacon *** is *** my drug . 
   we do n't have a good center your bearded giant has n't maybe had a very consistent club career but he fights his heart out in the internationals . 
  and we 're out ... congrats latvia . 
  if we had to be knocked out by someone , i 'm glad it was you . 
  well for example in estonia we have this hip hop group called p\u00f5hja-tallinn . 
  they 're all young , and started out really low budget but became popular . 
  they like mixing hip hop with other genres ... anything really from [ indie/pop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=har1yj6cdbg ) to a [ children 's choir ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oydtvepkhg0 ) ( starts at 0:40 ) . 
  i guarantee you wo n't understand any of the lyrics but some of them are funny/witty/use clever wordplay . 
  i sort of like them . 
  in germany there 's [ cro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wqmbv2deyq ) . 
  it 's frustrating when you speak one slavic language ( in my case russian ) so you can sort of understand bits of other slavic languages but nowhere near enough to actually piece the story together . 
  atheism , drugs , alcohol and sexual permissiveness . 
  yup , that 's how we roll . 
  belgrade syndicate - ballad of a dissident ? 
  ca n't really make out the lyrics other than a handful of words/phrases but that was actually rather beautiful . 
  that 's how i imagine balkan beer halls are like . 
  combining rap/hip hop with other genres seems like trend in europe now , we have several such groups here . 
  balkan rap sounds badass . 
  france , greece and serbia all have perfect records thus far . 
  spain and lithuania are also traditional european basketball heavyweights but not doing so well right now . 
  do n't think jews count as immigrants . 
  immigrants from where really ? 
  jews have been in europe since the roman empire . 
  ... and germany is out . 
  latbros just lost to ukraine by 1 point , group d confirmed to be the upset group once again . 
   a temporary solidarity clause : if -- for justified and objective reasons such as a natural disaster -- a member state can not temporarily participate totally or in part in a relocation decision , it will have to make a financial contribution to the eu budget of an amount of 0.002 % of its gdp . 
  the european commission will analyse the reasons notified by the country and take a decision on whether or not they justify the non-participation of a country in the scheme for a maximum of up to 12 months . 
  in case of partial participation in the relocation , the amount will be reduced in proportion . 
  0.002 % of gdp ? 
  worth it . 
  the grass is always greener , another man 's arse is always cleaner . 
  should be true for most if not all countries . 
  immigrants are people seeking easier ways to better their lives and to start over , criminals happen to be a part of that group .
