  not really . 
  most clubs host some halloween-themed events ( basically like a regular party but with costumes ) , but that 's about it . 
  time travel has never been easier . 
  built in 1866 , so i guess it 's not old enough to fall under some heritage preservation program . 
  so better just demolish it ? 
  the fuck kind of logic is that ? 
  it 's incredibly exaggerated and blown out of proportion . 
  i cringe every time i see a related headline . 
  is russia a threat ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  always has , always will . 
  countering russia should be the top priority in national defence circles , but has no place in the media . 
  media hysteria has never helped anyone and in this particular case can only facilitate a boy who cried wolf kind of scenario . 
  proposed name for a new mountain dew 4chan upvoted in an online poll . 
  fapple should 've been a thing . 
  that 's not how you wear a turban , jan van eyck . 
  [ for those wondering about ireland 2015 . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland-s-gdp-figures-why-26-economic-growth-is-a-problem-1.2722170 ), 
  with desertification becoming a more pressing issue globally , we might hopefully see some real innovations in combating it . 
  if not , good luck to the next generations . 
  ca n't you combat it by improving irrigation and planting more greens ? 
  i know israel has had some luck turning desert lands into fertile soil . 
  commandos wine ? 
  never change , poland . 
   then why do n't you complain to the russians that they should remove their bases and troops near nato countries ? 
  why would i ? 
  as long as they 're actually in russia , it 's their right to be there . 
  complaining about it would almost as retarded as russians moaning about a sam battery in poland . 
  have you got inside information ? 
  kind of . 
  it 's called common sense and actually knowing your enemy . 
  if they were attempting a move , the first stage would be a lengthy process of mobilizing local russian minorities accompanied by a specific type of propaganda barrage etc. 
  nothing even remotely close is happening . 
   then why does it bother you ? 
  i believe my post above made it prefectly clear why . 
   there is no alternative . 
  you 're too small and too close . 
  i disagree ( see next ) , and even if that was the case , as i 've said , those added foreign troops would not be a game changer in any way . 
   russia is not known , historically , to shirk back from a few million casualties more or less . 
  in case of total war where they have no other option , yes . 
  when trying to occupy a small country , no . 
  take winter war for an example . 
  for stalin and soviet russia , the lives of their citizens were nothing more than a resource , yet the damage finland inflicted upon them was enough to make them abandon their plans . 
  todays russia is much softer and even the kremlin media would struggle to explain their audiences why thousands of young russian men have to die . 
  ca n't wait for tanks to be referred to as cunts in the future . 
  first of all , short term this move does nothing , but add to the tensions . 
  we 're not under attack , we wo n't be in any foreseeable future , and even if we were , those foreign troops would not be a game changer . 
  far more likely than anything else , they 'd just bugger off asap anyway . 
  i 'm all for nato and having allies , but to depend on them to such extent is neither wise or dignified . 
  i 'm genuinely concerned how much blind faith our government has in foreign powers , forgetting the simple truth that what is n't ours , is n't ours . 
  if we want to be able to defend our country , we need to develop our own independent capabilities . 
  that is to acquire as much firepower as we can . 
  we do n't have to be able to take on entire russia , we just have to have enough to make what ever they may one day attempt to do here too costly for them . 
  that much is perfectly doable and would 've been done already had we prioritized differently . 
  instead , after already heading in the wrong direction for over a decade and developing a cushy auxiliary force instead of one that could actually act on its own , we up our defence budget from 2 to 2,2 % just so we could host foreign troops , and still leave ourselves in a situation where we 'll be left holding our charles dickens should our dear allies decide we 're not worth their bother one day . 
  if anything , this current move will only end up worsening our relations with our allies , because troops in foreign deployments tend to cause and get into problems . 
  there are nato bases elsewhere and they 're not exactly liked there . 
  except none of that is necessary and is in fact counterproductive . 
  i 'm not putting much stock in this . 
  memberstates have different needs and their arms industries vary a lot throughout the eu , not to mention are largely privately owned . 
  who will research what exactly ? 
  remain indoors !, 
  basically just any comment about gender and appearance . 
  there 's information about age and gender groups , but not where they 're from . 
  i 'm not registered at imdb , but do n't they also ask you where you 're from when you sign up ? 
  i guess we have a different understanding of basically undamaged . 
  to my mind , compared to eastern europe or even london , it was . 
  never said norway got off completely unscathed . 
  op said basically undamaged , not were n't occupied . 
  what cities were destroyed in norway ? 
  denmark , norway ... any western country that had a cushy nazi occupation really . 
  hungary was leveled and restored after the war in a similar style . 
  you 're not getting any royalties , so i do n't think it really matters . 
  we had some in tallinn this morning too , but in the city it 's almost gone already . 
  if only you could patent things from bc ... 
  from mathematics to anal sex !, 
  could 've gone for one of the more famous tsars , surely . 
  ... * and * the money is actually put to good use . 
  reminds me of when an open-air performance of * don quixote * was interrupted by the donkey trying to mount rocinante . 
  gay donkeys exist , people !, 
  whisky strikes me as an odd liquor of choice for a frenchman . 
  in censuses and other official statistics , it 's always `` people aged 15 and older '' . 
  the fact they can does n't mean they will , though . 
  in reality you probably hardly ever hear the `` third most common language '' , as pretty much everyone just speaks english/spanish , but it 's an interesting map nonetheless . 
  it 's not a complete doomsday scenario as some paint it , but it is happening . 
  slowly , but surely . 
  say what you will , it absolutely has become much more difficult to find gainful employment , let alone one that you could support a family with , while still enjoying a reasonable quality of life . 
  coupled with soaring real estate prices , the outlook is anything but positive . 
   drills hottest hole  to tap journo is a lad . 
  then perhaps it 's for the best if it does break up ? 
  damn , those are some big potatoes . 
  brits have this nice tradition of naming ships of the same class with names that share a first letter ( e.g. 
  the names of the current ssbn all start with the letter v ) , so it 's possible . 
  then again , brits already have a contemporary class of d-ships , destroyers , including a hms dauntless , which will probably still be in around by the time these new submarines start entering the service . 
  not really . 
  the us dominate the world media , which is where most of my `` extensive '' knowledge comes from . 
  not to mention an incorrect one as they are n't actually from india , and yet native americans themselves do n't seem to mind it and even use the name indian in their official organizations . 
  i think most countries have people like that , but mostly they 're just recluses who do n't really cause any problems , not an actual movement with a political agenda . 
  never heard of the reichsb\u00fcrger before . 
  sound a lot like the `` we do n't recognize the federal government '' types you can find in rural parts of the us .
