  but they pour the devil 's water !, 
  not in ireland , though . 
  they look about the same as well . 
  just slap some vowels at the end of their names and ahmedo mohammadi can open a new halal pizza bakery . 
  haha , every time . 
  but seriously , it 's shocking organizers of major sporting events can make mistakes like that . 
  still not as bad as the kazakh girl who got the joke anthem from borat , though . 
  my encounter with the study of antiquity was a rather brief one , so i actually looked it up later and [ wiki does give a few other possible candidates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_domes ) , although some of the dates and definitions of what is a dome are debatable . 
  also , i had heard of the [ baths of agrippa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baths_of_agrippa ) before , but i did n't know there was a dome . 
  what 's crazy is they 've build a house through the ruins . 
  that 's what he said . 
  followed by the roman pantheon ? 
  prime minister : generally likeable and well-meaning , but is nonetheless a stooge who has no control of what his own party or anyone else are doing . 
  president : brussels sound bite nobody even knows . 
  we 're currently at an all-time low since the late 90s . 
  [ meanwhile in sweden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrgcg68nllc ), 
  police and other law enforcement agencies as well . 
  right-wingers anyway , i would n't call them extremists . 
  the state ca n't afford to pay 5 more years worth of pensions to everyone . 
  retirement ages are going up because there 's no money for pensions , not because `` there are n't enough workers '' . 
  calling bollocks on that pyramid , the gender balance is already way worse . 
  correction . 
  do n't invest in real estate in villages and small towns . 
  city real estate ( and quality arable land/forest ) is always a good investment . 
  they probably do n't receive money from the traffickers ( why would those thugs even share the spoils ? 
  ) , but migrants are still a multi-billion industry for the ngos . 
  countries like sweden spend 190 eur a day on a single migrant . 
  there are fortunes to be made providing the refugees with everything they need and thousands of paid jobs for the people working for these ngos , all courtesy of the state and international aid organizations . 
  there is definitely an incentive to import as many migrants as possible . 
  i do n't think anyone here thinks they * choose * to live with their parents , there 's an obvious correlation between this map and unemployment/poverty . 
  by doing fuck all/nursing a hangover from [ the previous night ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walpurgis_night ) . 
  as a state , russia is immensely wealthy . 
  they can keep flogging those natural resources for decades to come . 
  after that , the state can always put the screws on some of those 1 % holding most of the country 's wealth . 
  after that , start selling some of that far eastern land to china or something . 
  bottom line is , everyone on this subreddit will be dead and gone by the time that piggy bank runs empty . 
   mafia , criminal organizations invented in italy during the 19th century . 
  not sure if the mob is really an invention . 
  not necessarily . 
  as long as the state can provide an adequate standard of living , most people wo n't care . 
  certainly not enough to risk losing what they have . 
  it was n't the lack of freedom that did the soviet union in , or tsarist russia for that matter , it was the glaring failure of the implemented economic policy and people not being able to afford things westerners took for granted . 
  as long as there is bread and circuses , a * de-facto * single-party system can last for a very long time . 
  works for asia . 
  is it wrong if i kind of like the moldova entry ? 
  `` i 'm off to benalmadena '', 
  540 , wtf ? 
  smaller kegs , like 5 liter , are quite common in shops . 
  unemployment is one of the most important issues governments are judged by , thus it is safe to assume everyone massages the stats to some extent one way or another . 
  the blue blob . 
  still though , a white guy who does n't speak arabic ? 
  belonging to the navy , but not really a warship . 
  unfortunately it also leads to erosion of national culture and language . 
  i can see it . 
  metrosur is iberia , metronorte is scandinavia , valdecarros is italy , tfm is balkans etc. 
  i 'd give the norwegians a bit more credit than that . 
  pretty sure they 've spread the money between great many different investments . 
  edit : [ as suspected , they mostly just go with big , successful , low risk companies ] ( https://www.nbim.no/en/the-fund/holdings ), 
  i know quite a few people who have done that . 
  usually starting from oslo and going all the way up north . 
  seems quite popular and a worthwhile experience if you 're into biking ... which i 'm not . 
  stay classy , / r/the _ donald, 
  no they would n't . 
  first of all , they 're here on a show the flag mission only . 
  i called it a motley crew for a reason , it 's not even a real combat unit , being composed of very different units from different countries , using different equipment and lacking adequate cover . 
  operating such a force in combat would be an operational and logistical nightmare . 
  second , they hold no allegiance to us . 
  to do anything , they 'd first have to receive orders from their command back home , who in turn would need such orders from their government , who in turn would need to reach a consensus with the governments of other units stationed here . 
  and all that while they 're all way over their heads trying to figure out what 's what in this mess and how not to drag themselves into wwiii . 
  a response , any kind of response , would be extremely slow and vague as there is no will to confront russia . 
  what 's even worse , our own forces , having made ourselves overly reliant on outsiders , would n't act either , waiting on them to act before we do ourselves . 
  they did n't buy them because germany wants to build their own ships . 
  shipyards ca n't stay without work for too long , so if no one is ordering new ships from germany , they have to place orders themselves , even if the navy is n't currently a priority . 
  well , in estonia they 're not stationed along the eastern border either . 
  they 're either at tapa , which is a boring small military town , or boozing and chasing girls in tallinn on their time off . 
  now lets say suddenly a `` totally not russian '' gru battlegroup moves into narva . 
  there is virtually no local resistance apart from some border guards who are either killed , imprisoned or flee . 
  they take a few more towns in ida-virumaa with russian majority , but do n't move further . 
  meanwhile the west gets hit with a propaganda barrage like it has never seen before : they show happy ethnic russians in narva waving russian flags , accuse estonia in fascism and in every other deadly sin , threaten the west with a nuclear strike if they dare interfere and at the same time offer `` pragmatic relations '' and lucrative trade deals . 
  what do you think the west or those nato troops will do ? 
  you are making no sense . 
  say there would 've been foreign troops in kyiv or lviv , how would they have prevented anything ? 
  full on invasion is impossible and indeed unnecessary at this day and age . 
  since they can no longer slaughter or deport people en masse like they did during stalin years , today 's russia can only successfully occupy regions that already have a friendly russian/russified population waiting for them , then procceed to bleed the rest of the country from there . 
  they 'd make sure not to touch any foreign troops , and those foreign troops would n't interfere either . 
  because apparently we 're about to be invaded and this motley crew of foreign troops is the only thing that can stop them ... 
  are n't the regions voting le pen also the ones where most of the arabs and africans live , but where the french still make up the majority ? 
  government budget deficit in 2016 . 
  it even says so at the top . 
  anything good ? 
  i got 700-800 eur i can spend easy ... 
  you can . 
  just make sure you wear the hat . 
  the way i understand this is ultimately the pumas will go to units who have to keep up with tanks , the rest of panzergrenadiers will ride in the cheaper wheeled boxers . 
  oh indeed . 
  watched the australian football team play once , so many guys with names ending in - ic . 
  the shoddy state of the german military has n't exactly been a secret for a while now , but they 've inflated the numbers a bit by listing newer ( or the latest ) equipment only - like the puma ifv which is just entering service now while most active mechanized infantry units are still using the marder . 
  explain lithuania . 
  it 's not corruption if it 's legitimized . 
  to be fair , i suspect every policeman in paris was called on duty that night .
