  we have [ kama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kama_ ( food ) ) . 
  can confirm , been knocking down russian fighters with a crossbow all day . 
  congratulation !, 
  i celebrated with a bottle of vytautas . 
  president of austria looks like he could be jozef fritzl 's better-groomed brother , president of hungary looks like he 's from the 80s . 
  knew 11 by heart , including 2 with slight spelling mistakes . 
  do n't know if that 's good or bad . 
  would probably know more if it was prime ministers instead of presidents . 
  privately owned or guns in total ? 
  tbh , i 'm surprised it 's not lower . 
  younger people are mostly anti-gun , at least in my social circles . 
  if someone said he was going to spend a few grands on buying a gun and taking shooting up as a hobby , most would think he is somekind of a nutter who secretly fantasizes about killing people . 
  another thing is urbanization . 
  my family has a rural background and 100 years ago every single male in my family would hunt . 
  today , the only relative i can think of who still hunts is my great-uncle and he is in his 70s . 
  people ( men ) do however get to shoot guns during conscription service . 
  everyone has a cup competition but a cup is n't a league . 
  which league finals ? 
  the champions league football ? 
  because the national leagues do n't have play-offs . 
  it 's as much about society in general as it is about job security . 
  the working class know the new arrivals will be housed with them , not with the upper classes and thus they will be the ones bearing the brunt of cultural conflict while the wealthy boost their egos theorizing multiculturalism from a safe distance without day-to-day financial worries . 
  what 's the general state of serbian air force ? 
  because they sure have a lot of aircraft considering rather low gdp . 
  they 've done it before . 
  i remember some show where the dutch also painted a leopard tank bright orange . 
  ah , high school , how i do n't miss you ... 
  i 've never actually been to a strip club and for the life of me ca n't figure out the appeal . 
  i mean you 're paying a considerable sum of money just to be left with a raging hard-on . 
  and what a town it would be ... 
  what exactly was being attempted there ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever tasted american veggies . 
  it just never caught up here but you guys are really good . 
  latvia has a solid top 10 national hockey team . 
  downside ? 
  there 's only about 10 countries that care about hockey . 
  pretty much , estonia never really had a hockey team nor is it supported . 
  [ current roster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonia_men%27s_national_ice_hockey_team#current_roster ) : 5 estonians 1 half estonian , half russian 1 canadian of partial estonian ancestry 15 russians only 3 guys have a wiki page , says much about their relevance . 
  the uk was the us greatest ally and while germany became a de facto ally to the west against the soviet union right after the wwii , it was still considered to be a dodgy state for quite some time . 
  marshall plan was about helping those most valuable to the us , not the most ruined ones . 
  i think it might be more of a combination of belarus being a `` brother nation '' and no real reason not to like him . 
  i seriously need to start thinking about adding more fish and olive oil to my diet . 
  it is not comparable . 
  thing is europe was already developed and there was much to be restored after the wwii . 
  in the middle east , there was n't much to begin with and that 's actually the root cause why the region is in a perpetual state of conflict . 
  not religion per se , but lack of socio-economic models and development . 
  fixing something broken at home is tremendously easier than trying to build something up from zero in a hostile environment where the locals are largely either unable or unwilling to go along . 
  the average baltic region hair , in estonia we call it `` potato skin '' colour ( cue latvian jokes ), 
  reckon norway would be literally off the charts . 
  sounds weird when you say it . 
  i consider someone pissing on me an unfriendable offence . 
  but seriously , this vid just took me back and we 're still mates , just not `` piss buddies '' . 
  i thought i 'd share . 
  i would also watch out for unidentified fluids dripping in my beer from it while it 's being handed over the bar counter . 
  i had a piss buddy back when i drank in parks and such . 
  no canals but it 's kind of less awkward than if someone sees you pissing alone . 
  then one time he pissed on my shoe and we were piss buddies no more . 
  it 's not an official pitch . 
  orissaare is a small borough on an island . 
  i think the pitch is mostly just used by the locals but after it became somewhat famous because of the oak ( to a point i know of it ) they 've held some charity matches on it and such . 
  the pic with the linesmen is perhaps from one such event . 
  in orissaare , estonia , there 's a [ big ass oak tree ] ( http://www.saartehaal.ee/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/orissaare-tamm-elina-kalm.jpg ) right in the middle of a pitch . 
  as you 've said , they go to spain and portugal , for obvious reasons , while oriundi mostly from argentina also go to italy . 
  elsewhere , not so much because there is no precedent for it . 
  south americans do n't really have many ties with the rest of europe and cultures/languages are considered too different . 
  [ narva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva ) is often thought of as the armpit of estonia because of russians , crime rates , drugs , hiv and so on but it does have some nice things like the castle and it has seen some investments lately such as malls or the new college building . 
  living somewhere like [ kivi\u00f5li ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kivi\u00f5li ) which is a small , gloomy and rapidly depopulating industrial town is probably more depressing . 
   the hometeam gets sacrificed every sunday to please the gods of oil and cross-country skiing . 
  ftfy, 
  does n't really change much , though , does it ? 
  the parents would see the ethnic make-up when they visit the school before enrolling their child anyway . 
  [ oil shale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil_shale_in_estonia ) in northern estonia . 
  i am an old oignon seller !, 
  turk bulgaria should be the new mongol finland/estonia . 
  * hockey * one of the few countries that has an estonian expat community of sorts ( or had ) * hockey, 
  i thought you rent things and hire people . 
  should n't it be `` rent '' and not `` hire '' ? 
  not a native english speaker but it sounds weird . 
  in 1980 , afghanistan had a population of some 15 million . 
  today , despite near-constant wars and massive exodus , it 's over 32 millions . 
  of course afghanistan does n't want them . 
  they have far too many disenfranchised people as it is and if other countries are taking them off their hands , all the better . 
  i agree it 's weird having a foreigner for a minister . 
  not saying he was bad at his job or anything but why not just hire him as an advisor of some sorts, 
  that probably has something to do with the whole `` macedonian '' ethnicity being a rather vague concept . 
  some argue slavs in fyrom are actually bulgarians . 
  i seriously doubt many macedonians can afford paying hundreds of thousands or millions of euros for a passport . 
  like i said , there would be more babies in the future if there was less young people emigrating . 
  the real problem is young people leaving and paying large sums of money just so more people would have their kid in hungary wo n't fix it . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  having more babies does n't guarantee you 'll have more workers in 20 years as they can easily leave once they graduate . 
  the focus should be encouraging people not to leave by making the country more attractive to work , live and have children in , not trying to replace the ones who left by bribing poor people to have more kids . 
  wrong and stupid approach . 
  unfortunately , similar ideas are being floated in estonia right now with child benefits going up all the time etc. 
  a country does not need more children , it needs more people who can contribute now , today . 
  instead , today we 're bleeding young working age people . 
  kids are as expensive for the state as they are for parents . 
  the state will hand out benefits , provide them with free education and healthcare and worst of all , there is absolutely no guarantee that once they grow up , they too wo n't just move to a wealthier country . 
  countries should be investing more in people who could be of use now , not in two decades . 
  that way , more people would stay in their own fucking countries and have their families there .
