  bollocks , it was a perfectly justifiable concern . 
  i remember a similar story from greece . 
  also how can dark skinned gypsies have blonde pale skinned children ? 
  i know , massachusetts is the one i never get . 
  i 've got tennessee etched in my mind , though due to jack daniel 's . 
  it 's not even that , often if you hire a migrant the state will pay a substantial part of his income . 
  they draw talent from poorer countries in eastern or southern europe for obvious reasons , meanwhile many of their own best and the brightest leave for the us or switzerland . 
  [ basically germany educates doctors who then leave for switzerland once they get their degree ] ( http://www.thelocal.ch/20120620/3572 ) . 
  germany then proceeds to bleed eastern eu members for theirs , who in turn try to reqruit from russia or ukraine and so on ... 
  it does raise questions about offering free or cheap education . 
  player awards : * most valuable player - antonin rouzier ( fra ) * best setter - simone giannelli ( ita ) * best outside spikers - earvin n'gapeth ( fra ) & tine urnaut ( slo ) * best middle blockers - teodor todorov & viktor yosifov ( bul ) * best opposite spiker - ivan zaytsev ( ita ) * best libero - jenia grebennikov ( fra ), 
  this is a random question but did you know how to spell massachusetts or did you look it up just now ? 
  me too . 
  i think i 'll watch one episode now , i have 20-something minutes to spare ... 
  we had a decent team and a good coach this year , shame we did n't progress further . 
  had a tough group ( france and italy ) and a tough playoff draw ( serbia ) , though . 
  watched the estonia-serbia game , was intense ( for volleyball ) . 
  we led 2-0 , then serbia goes and wins 3 next sets . 
  i was talking about australia . 
  any idea as to what those purchases might be ? 
  afaik lithuania is currently in the process of buying equipment from germany ( boxer , pzh 2000 ) . 
   `` the cost of living here is much higher . 
  here nothing is free -- education , healthcare -- and it is very expensive , '' he told afp . 
  this is the part that worries me . 
  inevitably this leads to a situation where we have countries with higher taxes and free education who produce talent and countries with lower taxes and higher wages who attract and benefit from this talent . 
  i never said the navy is completely useless but if something needs to be cut , the navy seems like the obvious choice . 
  i imagine the naval investments in finland have more to do with helping the struggling local shipbuilders than actual military needs . 
  in reality there is little the finnish navy could offer that the land based aircraft could n't . 
  they 'll get there faster , can be armed with anti-ship missiles and you only risk an aircraft crew of 1/2 people vs. the entire crew of a warship . 
  other vessels such as minesweepers/hunters and patrol boats have minimal combat value and in real wartime situation they would be little more than targets for enemy aviation . 
  wwii , falklands , all proved that the greatest threat to ships is posed by aircraft . 
  which is why the entire us naval philosophy is built around the principle of an aircraft carrier group . 
  however finland does n't need power projection so land based aircraft will suffice . 
  not surprising really : * higher wages . 
  * warmer climate . 
  * english speaking . 
  * presumably the british higher education goes a long way too over there . 
  that and also in most western countries people have already come to terms with having to share their country with third world migrants . 
  now it 's mostly about damage control . 
  in the east people look at west 's experience with them and think : `` well , for once in history we 've dodged a bullet . '', 
   as many as 50,000 horses `` disappeared '' across europe during the financial crisis and may have ended up in food sold in britain , the country 's leading food security expert has claimed . 
  or anywhere else . 
  what is this new fleet the article mentions ? 
  because if something needs to be cut , i 'd suggest the navy . 
  it 's the military branch finland least relies on . 
  unlike hungary or germany , it really is n't possible to fence off greece 's billion islands and a gigantic coastline or prevent africans from going out to the sea in unseaworthy vessels . 
  maybe somewhere down the line but not at this time since there is a massive shortage of affordable housing . 
  that 's only because todays czech republic has no sizeable minorities , especially the kind separated by bloodshed . 
  it was n't always like that , you used to have sudeten germans and you had plenty of conflicts with them , not to mention most of them welcomed the german occupation , so after wwii you just deported the lot of them . 
  entirely predictable and more of this will follow . 
  cultural conflicts imply there will be violent perpetrators from both sides , not just from the invading culture ( s ) . 
  naturally it will be the less balanced individuals who will boil over and lash out first . 
  being a product of an intermarriage myself , i can tell you they do n't really matter . 
  because estonians and russians are so different you ultimately gravitate towards one identity or another , usually it 's determined by which school you go to - estonian or a russian language one because that 's who your friends are going to be etc. 
  also the father 's nationality tends to be more important because that 's whose language name you 'll probably bare . 
  personally , i would advice against intermarriage . 
  of course , a very lucrative one . 
  dealing with tenants is a pain - no guarantee you 'll fill your vacancies , always complaining about something , late with payments , breaking things etc. 
  whereas if you house refugees you know there will always be a steady supply of them coming and what ever they 'll break or do , the state will be happy to compensate you . 
  overall i 'm quite happy , although i think 12 years is too long . 
  [ and you are lynching negroes !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ), 
  [ but it sounds soooo classy , right ? 
  even better when you combine it with kevin , another german favourite . 
  am i right ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kevin-prince_boateng ), 
  syria was n't supposed to have smerch rocket artillery either but they do . 
  and it 's not that great of a drone , as far as surveillance drones go this one 's pretty basic . 
  best one posted thus far imo . 
  do n't really like `` summer songs '' but those are some from this summer that come to mind : [ traffic - sekundiga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiaqzhbhi0u ) [ black velvet - v\u00f5idus\u00f5it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye2oxvpeg7i ) [ shanon - ootan \u00f6\u00f6d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3szxmrnpm8 ), 
  maybe on / r/europe because this sub is obsessed with migrants ( both pro and against ) but greece continues to feature in the press , although it 's true the migrants are a bigger problem right now . 
  montenegro is different , it 's further away and never belonged to russia so they do n't think of it as their property . 
  nah , their populations will continue to grow no matter how many millions migrate to europe . 
  and somehow the uk being pretty much america 's right-hand man in nato is n't an issue at all . 
  we 're 9 times more patient than the anglophones . 
  they 're mainly doing jobs the spanish do n't fancy or lack qualifications . 
  most spanish probably wo n't find farm work appealing , the romanian migrant workers might ; an unemployed spanish architect ca n't become a doctor , a romanian doctor can . 
  both ? 
  neither ? 
  we share much of our cultures but we 're definitely not a family . 
  because there 's so few of them and because it has been centuries . 
  centuries that included bloody wars between poland-lithuania and tatars . 
  you can improve those odds a lot by simply not being an idiot and rushing into a marriage . 
  find someone you truly love , live together for a couple of years etc. 
  as they say : measure nine times , cut once, 
  the price might be good but more importantly - is the pizza good ? 
  my my , catholic world is very different from ours . 
  then again , i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone complaining about the quality of education in ireland so i reckon it must be working for you . 
  being occupied by the americans and british as opposed to russians makes your shit smell better , everyone knows that . 
  looking at the german football team , french and italian names are/were a fad for boys - andr\u00e9 ( yes , with an acute ) , marco , mario . 
  because people here are more pragmatic and understand how important it is not to create the wrong narrative ; for every third world migrant you help and news of this travels , more will come and continue coming . 
  while there are people here who are waiting for those migrants with open arms , there 's fewer of them . 
  there are more people in the west who have become complacent and forgotten how fragile and fleeting general welfare really is . 
  and they fail to realise `` help '' will have to go on a lot further than just handing out some food and blankets to new arrivals because the reality is there are very few prospects and jobs as it is , especially for people with very limited skillsets and that is why countries such as france are still struggling today with what are now 4th generation immigrants already . 
  i 've noticed that . 
  but for some reason it only seems to be girls who have slavic names , no ivans or vladimirs among german guys . 
   * clicks link *  * military reindeer already in the first pictures * yup , it 's finland alright . 
  too french , ca n't have that . 
  what a stupid statement . 
  the idea of people having their own minds must escape you .
