  european history prior to post-wwii integration has mostly been that of bitter , never-ending rivalries and wars . 
  this is the continent that started both world wars , after all . 
   european union is arguably the greatest thing human beings have ever achieved in the political sphere . 
  well it did transform the world 's most dysfunctional continent into the most functional one . 
  which is funny given all the scaremongering about polish and ukrainian thugs and racist lynch mobs in western media prior to euro 2012 . 
  this is a far , far better idea than the permanent stationing of us/other nato units in poland/baltics . 
  because the eu migrants do n't care about the uk citizenship . 
  as long as their original eu passport gives them the right to recide and work in britain , they are content . 
  they are there solely for of better job opportunities . 
  the non-eu ones are coming for a better life and are thus highly motivated to put down roots asap . 
  except germany would n't have won . 
  the odds against them were stacked so high it 's quite frankly astonishing they managed to stay in the fight for as long as they did . 
  keep the russians out at all costs . 
  wait until germany collapses . 
  nobody ever wanted germany to win , but everyone needed the soviet union to collapse first ( or at the very least kept out of our borders ) . 
  that is how poland/baltics/finland managed to gain independence after wwi and that 's what we needed again in wwii . 
  it 's a geographic reality , nothing else . 
  i take it rupert murdoch is someone you are not keen on ? 
  there 's been something of a civil war going on since the 70s , just on a smaller scale . 
  try doing one of those online family trees like geni.com it 's astonishing how many hot second cousins a guy can have . 
  13x estonia , 4x finland , 1x germany , latvia and netherlands . 
  you can rest assured they would n't want you as a male , unless you 're like a celebrity artist or an athlete , or just rich enough to pay your way . 
  as a commoner , all you 're good for is working shitty jobs with all the indians and bangladeshi . 
  for ( young , pretty , white ) women it is of course entirely different . 
  land the right boyfriend and you 'll make more in gifts alone than you 'd earn working in a rich european country in 10 years . 
  however , you would essentially be prostituting yourself in a country where you have next to no rights . 
  this is n't all that different from ancient times when women were enslaved as concubines and men as manual labourers . 
  the difference is today the slaves come on their own because there 's money . 
  reminds me of turku . 
  a friend of mine was offered a job at a hotel there . 
  the girl offering the job had been living in qatar for some time and was like it 's really good money and you should come but you have to watch out for little things like not ending up somewhere alone with local guys where you can be cornered etc. 
  you get very different numbers from eurostat :d, 
  should n't be that weird , your 's is a football crazy country . 
  as for schweinsteiger , he has been the engine of the german team for so many years but he had a really shit season in man united so the debate is legit . 
  to be fair , hungarian economic growth under orban has been pretty consistent . 
  in 2014 , they had 3rd-4th highest growth in the eu . 
  the period when hungary fell behind and other eastern enlargement countries experienced fast growth was in the 00s , when orban was n't in the office . 
   `` waiter , waiter ? 
  my dinner is not up to my expectations . 
  i want to see the manager right now or i shall set fire to everything ! '', 
  ftfy, 
   [ body of a dead woman lying around ikorodu road since yesterday ] ( http://www.nigeriatoday.ng/2016/06/body-of-a-dead-woman-lying-around-ikorodu-road-since-yesterday ) nigerian news ... edit : probably should mark as nsfw, 
  best looking church in the world but 2026 strikes me as optimistic . 
  feels like this thing will never get finished . 
  finland truly is the land of social awkwardness . 
  this being said , i can relate to about half of these . 
  mostly the ones revolving around the prospect of having to engage people i do n't like or even know in needless small talk . 
  ----- as suspected , you failed to give a better alternative . 
  europeans ca n't even fathom how bad their situation is because of overpopulation . 
  historically , forced ( or basically forced ) collective labour has been used almost everywhere during particularly troubled times . 
  be it vast economic projects in soviet union or china , pre-wwii germany or even the us during roosevelt 's `` new deal '' . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  it 's just eritrea is perhaps doing it in a particularly stupid and inhumane way . 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sub-saharan_africa ) sub-saharan africa is basically black africa , as opposed to arab north africa . 
  thing is , what is their alternative ? 
  they basically need this forced labour as it 's the only way to cope with all the growing housing , infrastructure and water demands caused by the insane population growth . 
  this is sub-saharan africa we 're talking about here , bulk of these people would n't be `` going to universities '' . 
  the real alternative would be letting things run their course and be like ethiopia , where something like 10 % of population today are starving and more are basically homeless with those numbers being significantly greater if not for all the aid . 
  a piss-poor , underdeveloped and massively overpopulated country is without good options . 
  also , since most of this is work is low - or unskilled labour , conscripting young men for a few years would still make more sense than keeping tired oldtimers for decades . 
  those would have to be some massive oil rigs , comparable to a mid-sized city . 
  looks like northern african inland cities had fewer lights in 2010 , than in 1992 . 
  i 've never understood the whole `` eritrea conscripts people for decades '' line . 
  eritrea has some of the highest birth rates in the world . 
  despite massive exodus , their population is ballooning like crazy . 
  why would they even bother keeping conscripted men in military for decades when they have so many fresh young men reaching enlistment age every single year ? 
  it makes no sense . 
   ten-day military exercise , anaconda-2016 , will involve 31,000 troops last year there were nato exercises in spain with 35,000 troops and nobody fucking whined . 
  exercises is what military does , it 's perfectly normal . 
  the retards in moscow seriously need to get over themselves . 
  you can support all of those and still be a practicing , church-going , catholic . 
  it is n't already ? 
  news to me . 
  just out of curiosity , how many turks are there in the german parliament and how many of them voted for/against ? 
  what i see is it 's stabilizing a little . 
  28 % of people being church-goers still seems a lot to me . 
  as they well should . 
  and not just jaguar , the chinese rip off so many western designs it 's ridiculous . 
  if [ rio mavuba ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rio_mavuba ) had made the french team again , there would 've been a born at sea player . 
  they 're all still turks . 
  you will snack eternal , salty and black !, 
  i really want to try some . 
  i hope these will come on the market here as i have no intentions of visiting finland anytime soon . 
  last time i checked , plenty of refugees were fleeing gambia themselves . 
  in a way they are but no more than men who refuse fatherhood . 
  [ do n't harass women at a topless beach , but we 're filming them ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( http://www.xeroteana.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/12305769_10153609895690659_896039430_n.jpg ), 
  baltics : smaller than any of the qualified nations except for iceland who currently have their `` golden generation '' , also had to build everything up from scratch in the 90s/no `` football culture '' . 
  finland : only care about hockey . 
  meanwhile like 10 + american players born in germany to german mothers . 
  you only ever used facebook and twitter to insult people ? 
  not a whole lot different from digging a foxhole when in the military . 
  there are some and it 's cringey but it 's mostly a meme . 
  there were jokes about it on estonian language sites when it was first announced estonian air will be replaced by nordica . 
  imo the best livery we ever had was the [ eu capital of culture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/estonian_air_tallinn_2011_737-33r.jpg ) one . 
  they did . 
  now the germans are no more . 
  there are tens of millions of unemployed in the eu with little prospect of finding a job . 
  it 's happening alright , just at a slower pace . 
  obviously it 's not slavery like in the old days .
