  electing a king in the 21st century would just be weird . 
  it would 've been more ok if they did it during the 90s , right after the socialist rule fell , but now it 'd just be weird . 
   the only countries that have gained anything from it are those who sold weapons to either side . 
  except nobody did that . 
  dpr/lpr are hardly paying customers , russia is there to fight for their interests , not money . 
  ukraine has n't gotten anything of note from the west either , we 're on third year of the conflict already and there is talk of * maybe * selling ukraine some javelin missiles . 
  gilbert ? 
  the last host of buzzcocks . 
  lithuania was pretty active in afghanistan , including running point at restoring chaghcharan , the capital of ghor province . 
  they must 've worked with thousands of people . 
  all those years of hard work and god knows how much money spent and today , they all still want to leave . 
  sums up isaf efforts in that country . 
   snowdonia is magical even the name is amazing . 
  sounds like a fictional northern country . 
  some never made it back home and were given up to the russians after the armistice . 
  yes , it 's a long distance . 
  which is why we do n't have as many of them . 
  there being so few of them is also the reason why they ca n't organize those illegal ad hoc markets here . 
  there is no network for african illegals here , not yet anyway . 
  most of them wo n't even get asylum but they 'd rather stay and live in europe illegally than go back to africa and it 's near-impossible to deport them . 
  recently there was an article about one such group of migrants from guinea and ivory coast in estonia . 
  they came via russia with no/fake ids and even admit they are n't really fleeing anything , just looking for a better life . 
  after 18 months of holding , the state did n't know what to do with them and just let them go . 
  so now they sleep at social shelters and spend their days wandering around malls , asking for money and chatting up teenagers . 
  there are tens of thousands like them in italy and spain . 
  conclusion ? 
  it 's better to be homeless in europe than to live in west africa where there are no available jobs or housing anyway because of how insane their population growth is . 
  i bet every german in this thread is just relieved it was n't the nazi flag . 
  do n't take any of these purchasing power index too seriously as the way they are calculated always leaves room for errors . 
  for example , this map puts belgium on level with italy which i very much doubt is the case . 
  the general rule is most commodities such as clothing or electronics will set you back the same pretty much everywhere , no matter where you purchase them . 
  if anything , they might even be slightly cheaper in a wealthier country because their turnovers are usually greater and the stores can allow a discount . 
  meanwhile , services such as getting a haircut or sending your kid to soccer practice will be a lot cheaper in a poorer country . 
  utilities costs will vary for a number of reasons such as tax rates , the existance of national resources or lack of them etc. 
  and then of course there are the currency exchange rates and different consumer habits . 
  i hear you , size does n't matter ffs . 
  and the us win the eurovision every single year !, 
   dosta je bilo ( we had enough ) why would you choose a name that does nothing but instill desperation ? 
  all but a few european countries are formed by/around a single homogeneous ethnic group . 
  belgium and switzerland are the exceptions to the rule but even there , clear borders can be witnessed between the ethnic groups comprising these states . 
  the german states are fragmented due to historical political reasons , not because they are different ethnic groups . 
  wait , what ? 
  estonian or german/russian from estonia ? 
  they were established as a society with vast resources well before that . 
  this is , in part , why germany has such good economy and low unemployment . 
  overall , they tend to have a [ lower percentage of people with higher education ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment ) but they do have good trade schools because they understand not everyone can go and study liberal arts , media or some shit like that and then land a cushy do-fuck-all office job . 
   would invite hungarian king again . 
  orban is ready . 
  every lithuanian town and village is just catholic churches and maxima stores . 
  i fucking knew it . 
  honestly , i must 've seen about a 100 of these articles regarding this supposed massive exodus of french jews . 
  are there any left still ? 
  but i am talking about percentages . 
  it 's just back in the day social spending especially was much lower . 
  estonia should be an evangelical lutheran ( protestant ) . 
  did the uk really spend so little on defence before the wwi and during the interwar period ? 
  historically , pretty much everyone spent a lot more on defence and a lot less on health and education . 
  it 's probably because of all the american tv i 've watched but for me , tax dollars sounds more natural than tax euros , pounds or ... shekels . 
  except he is cute when he does it , kind of like a human puppy . 
  a jewish girl , presumably . 
  yeah , lots of those in austrian football too . 
  of course you 're posting about beavers . 
  [ according to this ] ( http://wsm.wsu.edu/researcher/wsmaug11_billions.pdf ) nobody spends 50 % of their income on food , not even africans . 
  and that was from 2008 . 
  you said it , they stink on ice . 
  and better looking than in reality . 
  it 's called [ koinophilia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koinophilia ) . 
  most of us are attracted to facial symmetry and the general lack of unusual features rather than distinguished markers and if you merge multiple facial images , the end result will be exactly that and also slightly blurry , hiding even more facial defects . 
  this was first discovered by a man who rather ironically was trying to find what would the face of an average criminal look like . 
  he kept merging pictures of known criminals and was stunned when the result became more and more handsome . 
  cost a lot more , though , i bet . 
  e : maybe not if you bought them in vietnam . 
  * hon hon hon hon *, 
  does it taste good ? 
  idk , perhaps it 's just me being squeamish but i do n't think i would drink it . 
  it 's always been us against the germans/germanics and the russians . 
  naturally , there were some collaborators but never enough to count as a civil war . 
  weasel coffee ? 
  like from the beans they eat and then shit ? 
  i wish someone would reconstruct that burnt down pier . 
  i imagine most of the world knows clinton a lot better than they do trump . 
  she went from being a first lady whose husband cheated on her to a senator and then a state secretary . 
  trump was basically unknown to the rest of the world unless they watched the us series the apprentice . 
  if they want to leave , let them . 
  and creampie . 
  nonsense , i often browse dank europe memes while commuting by public transport . 
  france even worse than latvia , total failed state . 
  i am right ? 
  meanwhile glorious comrades in north korea have no unemployment !, 
  their currency crashed after the war broke out so it looks a lot worse nominally than if you use ppp . 
  til the greatest difference between jena and tartu is that their bio-degredable waste bins are brown whereas ours are green . 
  as a nation obsessed with it solutions , it should be e-exit for us . 
  also eexit sounds like something mr. burns would say . 
  * that swedes used [ ms estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_estonia#allegations_of_military_connection ) to smuggle arms and the ship sank because it was bombed . 
  outside estonia and sweden this theory was pursued by german media for some time . 
  * that several high-ranking politicians , including [ siim kallas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siim_kallas ) , stole money from state funds in the early 90s . 
  black market economy . 
  because fuck taxes . 
  [ not this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcwjxu-tqbu ),
