  from goose-stepping to penguin-stepping !, 
  i would subscribe to a subreddit dedicated entirely to videos of germans walking like penguins . 
  never voted with my dick before , but i 'd be quite tempted . 
  make netherlands sexy again !, 
  was n't the 2015 spike caused almost entirely by the iraqis coming from sweden after sweden lifted blanket asylum for them ? 
  makes sense the numbers would go down now . 
   prague-lite prague is a gem , so i 'll take that . 
  i still think it was built in the wrong place and it 'll become near-empty once the novelty wears off . 
  if you want people to visit museums these days , they need to be as conveniently accessible as possible , and a deserted lot outside of tartu is n't it . 
  i got this image of you standing on the podium , having already downed your first victory vodka , just flipping everyone off with both hands to darude 's sandstorm . 
  so is that your new national anthem now ? 
  or perhaps what they really do is they drink the whole bottle , then use cooking as an excuse as to why it 's all gone . 
  can we farm them for burgers ? 
  i think this might require some context for our foreign friends . 
  as you may know , we 're not exactly a religious country . 
  that being said , various church events are obviously still held , especially around christmas . 
  in the past , presidents and prime ministers would attend them as a part of tradition without making a deal out of it . 
  however now we have a new president who does n't care about the church at all and has skipped some of these events , and a prime minister who is actually quite involved , and it has spawned something of a debate in the local media about the role of modern church . 
  it 's terribly boring , i 'm afraid . 
  i would n't call it a stigma , more like a relic of bygone times . 
  religion is just such a non-issue in society most people probably do n't even know anybody who is religious , so when arguably the most important person in the country says he actually believes in god it 's ... a bit weird . 
   a tank and a sauna . 
  what else does a man need ? 
  this has n't been a good month for ambassadors ... 
  i think they 're better educated on average . 
  as for english , lets not forget 20 % of americans have a different first language and their english is often so-so . 
  tbh it would 've been weirder if the terrorist had been driving around for hours with a dead body on the passenger seat . 
  basically , there 's a strong correlation between internet usage and education/knowing english . 
  something we already knew . 
  how do you generate these ? 
  we should do our very own / r/europe one . 
  more like all the blue collar jobs are still done by local men and not immigrants like in western europe , and they 're too beat to get into grooming after pulling constant 10-hour-shifts at construction or something . 
  pretty sure photos of younger cesc fabregas and gianluigi buffon were among the ones used for spain and italy . 
  thankfully he 's ok . 
  did n't know there are still homeless people sleeping in subways in germany . 
  shortage of social housing/shelters or was he one of those people who refuse to stay in one even during winters ? 
  i think the first time around they did this it was with criminals to see what an `` average criminal '' would look like , and were suprised when the more photos they added , the more handsome the face became . 
  i did n't get a hint of `` muh empire '' off this . 
  this was more like the posts on / r/soccer about how yugoslavian , soviet etc national teams would look like today . 
  too young to actually remember any of it yet i 'll be wearing that particular shit stain for the rest of my life . 
  from what i understood , the article is about natural change only ( births minus deaths ) , not migration . 
  that was a long time ago , though . 
  the leos who dealt with those communist and nationalist groups have since retired . 
  why would n't they ? 
  have the us become a pariah state since trump was elected ? 
  my golden rule is never post anything on social media i would n't say to my mom . 
  partially because it 's most likely immature and it * does * make you look like a right tit , partially because my mom actually does follow me on facebook . 
  you sound terribly bitter . 
  you can be on facebook/twitter/instagram without posting daily pictures of yourself and vaguely aesthetic food you 're about to consume . 
  and nearly half of them are albanian and bosnian , not mena . 
  i 'm guessing he was armed and the police had to shoot him in self-defence ? 
  after the initial mess , the wrong suspect being apprehended and the super-conveniently found id , i kind of hoped he 'd be taken alive . 
  i wish it was just the 50 years . 
  markets today are incredibly saturated compared to what they were post-wwii or during the cold war . 
  today , most of the fighting is done over new markets , not production , and for eastern european companies , it is very much an uphill battle against western competitors with 50 years worth of capital and brand promotion under their belts . 
  most eastern european companies struggle to compete locally because of the eu and can only dream about exporting . 
  yeah , there 's a reason why pickup trucks with machine guns mounted on the back remain primary war wagons in third world conflicts . 
  how legit is this site ? 
  44 normal ifvs and 35 vehicles without turrets to be converted into various support vehicles . 
  this . 
  augsburg is very pretty , could n't even tell it was bombed in wwii , unlike the towns more up north . 
   ( seriously ) is northeastern estonia significantly more dangerous than other parts of the country ? 
  along with maardu and bad parts of tallinn , yes . 
  if you 're really interested in the subject you can check the [ official statistics ] ( http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/dialog/varval.asp?ma=ju009&amp;ti=recorded+offences+by+county+and+degree%2ftype+of+offence&amp;path=../i_databas/social_life/07justice_and_security/03crime/&amp;lang=1 ) : e.g. 
  last year ida-viru county had 1,035 offences against persons , tartu county had 394 . 
  tartu county has a larger population . 
   i 'm also with the northern saku people . 
  it 's decent beer . 
  saku original ( saku is actually the company , they have many beers but original is the main brand ) is a normal `` piss beer '' , drinkable but nothing special . 
   hornswoggled and there 's my word of the day . 
  i do n't blame him either . 
  unfortunately it means that unless the attacker left strong evidence inside the truck or there is yet uncovered quality cctv footage of him , he has most likely gotten away with it . 
  560 euros is n't exactly a lot in finland , though i fail to see how this will motivate someone to look for a job harder . 
  are you implying there 's something wrong with ethiopia ? 
  i say , that 's a bit strong . 
  just northern . 
  could it be the bystander chased down a wrong guy ? 
  i know it 's not exactly chasing a terrorist , but when i was like 12-13 , me and some friends witnessed a theft of a bronze statuette off a monument . 
  we called the police and chased them until they got into a car , but the police did n't arrive in time and they got away . 
  the statuette was retrieved later , though . 
  thing is , i can still remember that rush . 
  i seldom credit the eu with anything , good or bad . 
  it 's a neutral title seeing as we do n't yet fully know what happened . 
  not really a military base , but the us did indeed rent an airport in kyrgyzstan which was used as a transit hub to supply forces in afghanistan . 
  they stopped using it in 2014 . 
  there is definitely no american base in kazakhstan . 
  there is however a russian one . 
  sounds a lot like southern italy . 
  not to mention , does n't france count its overseas territories as being part of the mother country ? 
  you could be on some faraway french island and technically still be in france and the eu . 
  it works when you spend the money you have on goods produced in your country , not when you spend the money you 've borrowed on goods you 've imported . 
  and yet ever so apt . 
  is it bad i was expecting a pornstar ? 
  every hole is a goal . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  the tweet shown in the article only mentions the air force one ( us presidential aircraft ) , nothing about the f-35 project . 
  he would be absolutely mad to scrap the f-35 now with so much money already invested . 
  funny how there are always like 1-10 people from almost every eu country . 
  also , 30 americans . 
  not as profitable as robbing kim kardashian , but a decent heist nonetheless .
