  at under 4 minutes , this is the longest video featuring russian motorists i 've ever seen not to involve a spectacular car crash . 
  meh , nothing wrong with a silly name for a ship like that imo but it 's probably best not to make this into a tradition or uk might end up with a fleet of ships named hms penis and hms hitler did nothing wrong . 
  what can i say , there were a lot of volunteers when they announced they were raiding a `` mega-brothel '' . 
  especially when it was hotte and dieter driving them . 
  the ( football ) champions league has a much better ranking and qualifying system . 
  western europe : loads of muslim migrants , far away from russia - greater threat : is eastern europe : share borders with russia/have russian migrants , little to no muslims - greater threat : russia, 
  yes and they wo n't bother buying any when they learn there 's an `` easier '' way of doing things . 
  as an european and a basketball fan , i find this fiba/euroleague rivalry most annoying . 
  fiba are the ones acting like little children here even though i 'd actually like a football-like champions league format for basketball . 
  did n't even know about this , talk about nazi pomposity . 
  macedonia , in honour of alexander the great . 
  i 'm sure no one would mind . 
  i have a fun story . 
  a friend of mine served in afghanistan and said one of the biggest problems in joint missions were certain british accents . 
  a lot of british servicemen came from scotland and northern england and everyone else would often struggle trying to understand them , especially if it was over the radio and there was background noise . 
  the brits would also get crossed easily whenever someone had trouble understanding them , meanwhile the americans , estonians , danish etc could understand each other just fine . 
  unfortunately it 's virtually impossible to stop illegal guns . 
  it 's even more difficult than drugs . 
  firearms are relatively small , they can be taken apart and hidden almost everywhere . 
  canine units wo n't find them and unless you take every incoming lorry apart down to every single bolt , neither will you . 
  an actual plan before the wwii . 
  then when the germans actually did come they decided it would cause too much damage , civilian deaths and suffering and abandoned the idea . 
   back in 2011 , the dutch army phased out all its tanks . 
  since then , they 've decided they still need tanks , but they do n't want to pay for them . 
  so the dutch have decided that having their tank battalion commanded by germany is better than having no tanks at all . 
  do n't let our politicians see this or we 'll do the same with americans . 
  do n't think finland 's asylum seekers will affect the fertility rates too much seeing as they 're mostly just males and will be living on government support for who knows how long . 
  i guess they just prefer the common latin - ia suffix so many countries have over the hassle of constantly spelling out the word republic . 
  lol !, 
  [ then again , this is exactly the kind of place where i 'd expect to be murdered by jack the ripper . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gropecunt_lane#/media/file:magpie_lane.jpg ), 
  for some reason , reddit is n't very popular in estonia , so / r/eesti is a really small , tightly-knit sub , which is unfortunate for me as i happen to like this format of networking a lot . 
  we also have just the one subreddit for both the estonian and english language content . 
  what did you say ? 
  ( inb4 you 're banned from / r/europe j/k ), 
  you liked yats better ? 
  anyone else thinks he 'd look a bit like daniel craig or putin if you gave him a shave and a haircut ? 
  we communicate by insulting each other , it would n't work any other way . 
  perhaps i should 've worded it better and said despite all the resources . 
  gdp of all of africa , including all the resources , is lower than that of france . 
  tbh i do n't think most people would choose the constant media attention and criticism that comes with being an mp for 20 % over the national average . 
  of course you 're serb , 
  i doubt allah deems such feat worthy of 72 virgins . 
  because mena is overpopulated and poor and europe is wealthy and eager to accommodate . 
  depends entirely on what you 're selling . 
  selling a struggling company facing stiff competition and in dire need of investments is not a bad idea as without investors such company would likely cease to operate altogether ( good examples : various manufacturing companies , airlines ) . 
  selling a strategic industry holding a de facto monopoly over a market that is almost guaranteed to turn profit is stupid ( good examples : national resources , important infrastructure ) . 
  for greece , shipping is the latter . 
  foreign investors are there to make money , off you , not to help you . 
  depending on foreign investors is a last resort , when you truly have no better options . 
  stupid sexy latvia . 
  well his ancestors were eastern european jews ... 
  it 's not a failed state but it is awfully disjointed . 
  muslim migrants cretainly did n't help either . 
  and have it constantly subjected to neo-nazi vandalism ? 
  nah , better just level the place and be done with it . 
  the flesh is weak and tired but the spirit is strong and willing . 
  no alimonies in the animal kingdom . 
  but if there 's 2 of them , soon there 'll be a 100 . 
  there were plenty of violent and criminal muslim black nationalist movements in the us during the 60s and the 70s but afaik they 've quieted down . 
  such movements were basically tailor made to fit the african american agenda and often had no real interaction with muslims from the middle-east or africa , whereas the european converts are instantly sucked into their world . 
  invest in eastern ~ ~ poland ~ ~ turkey ? 
  also :  71 batman you have a city called batman ? 
  and the fondue . 
  someone put this guy on a watchlist asap, 
  denbts before constantinople . 
  lots of people disillusioned over the eu ( or `` the west '' in general ) because bulgaria is still the poorest country in the union , thinking they would somehow do better if they did n't side with the west . 
   azerbaijan / armenia  armenia / azerbaijan you do n't say . 
  farmers of every eu country do that from time to time , though . 
  and there 's a ninja in every single one of those pics , you just ca n't see them . 
  there is nothing controversial about the beauty of a man 's arse . 
  this in a country with literally the most fertile lands in the world ... 
  that depends entirely on one 's preferences . 
  or it will turn out a military ca n't fix a third world nation , people will flee anyway and pro-migration types will argue they 're germany 's responsibility as it was the german troops in mali who ruined the place . 
  these trips can be different as day and night depending on day and hours . 
  welcome to our culture . 
   the congolese have every reason to despise the belgians , and yet they do n't . 
  surely if you despise belgians , the very first thing you do is you do n't move there . 
  prime minister grumpy cat of iceland is quickly becoming the hero of this sub . 
   apparently not . 
  the square could only take 2200 people . 
  there were volunteers with click-counters at each entrance . 
  mobile internet , small font , read as dick-counters . 
  surely a car crash would be a very messy not to mention an unreliable way to go . 
  it 's like in monty python and the holy grail , hitting a castle with your sword . 
  it 's not like they 're actually doing anything . 
  `` we root for the country we like in their conflict against a country we dislike '' . 
  relevant username there , op . 
  it 's not related to public transportation if it does n't have a dick on it . 
  azer sources denying they 've lost a helicopter . 
  it looks like someone decided to create a language only using the letters m , n , h and u. 
  lol 'd @ european dragon, 
  svalbard is one of those places i would truly love to visit solely for the purpose of sightseeing but do n't know when or if i ever will . 
  from the article :  sole french nationals had been excluded from the proposal . 
  stripping them would have made them stateless citizens - which is not permitted under international law . 
   the socialist-dominated lower house removed the reference to dual nationality when it approved the bill , meaning the punishment could in principle be applied to all nationals , although in practice french nationals with sole citizenship were unlikely to be affected . 
   but the opposition-controlled upper house , the senate , restored the original wording . 
   russia is justified in wanting to have good relations with ukraine they sure have an odd way of showing it ... call it what it is , a lust for hegemony . 
  a hunky long-haired naked guy with wolves , sounds like a metal chick 's fantasy . 
  but they are theirs .
