  you reckon ? 
  i could understand visiting croatia because of game of thrones , but iceland ? 
  most of the scenes shot in iceland were just characters wandering around the cold wasteland beyond the wall . 
  i know what you mean , it 's the size of a corvette yet nowhere near as armed . 
  that title is gold . 
  ukrainian special forces , russian special forces , infighting over power , ideology , money ... you name it . 
  donbass is such a mess right any of those scenarios is plausible . 
  that was n't my point . 
  i was referring to americans supposedly taking such great interest in the sport . 
  soccer , americans ... times have changed , have n't they ? 
  should 've seen that one coming . 
  dude , one of your clubs made the europa league this season . 
  i 'm jelly . 
  yes they are . 
  compared to other former yugoslavian states it is . 
  reminds me of finns making a film about black mannerheim . 
  no one has died from it before so i reckon people just did n't bother . 
  i thought it was snow . 
  is n't that standard procedure ? 
  driving around busy city streets with unstable explosives would be pretty dangerous . 
  like when they find a suspicious package ( usually later turning out to be someone 's gym clothes ) they just clear the area and blast it . 
  indeed . 
  immigrants today no longer have the social and economic reasons to assimilate , and thanks to the internet and other media channels , they never lose touch with their countries of origin either . 
  the only immigrants who assimilate today are those who choose to do so . 
  and vast majority of us would rather not give up on our identity . 
  i guess that 's why russians living close to borders are hitting up stores in poland , baltics and even finland to buy stuff in bulk . 
  first of , gdp is n't the same as wages/living standards . 
  second , ppp ratings are incredibly skewed towards poorer countries , some more than others . 
  according to that table the gdp of eastern european countries is only 1/4 to 1/3 lower than in western ones . 
  i think we all know that 's bullshit . 
  the ceuta and melilla bits are , do n't think anyone has ever disputed that . 
  huh , what ? 
  this was from like a year and a half ago . 
  during the soviet times the official party line was always that everyone could n't believe their luck they could live in the `` brotherly '' su . 
  [ yes . 
  it was either that or [ koala lumpur ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-uaspqp939ke/vzyfif00fhi/aaaaaaaav6m/1mdo31jhilk/s1600/koala%2blumpur%2bpostcard.png ) . 
  it was also the only city on that list i 'd never even heard of . 
  it 's 2016 , mate . 
  all the cool kids take pics of sandwiches they had for breakfast . 
  as for dubai , just go through the pics of anyone who went there and see for yourself . 
  there is definitely an element of unexpected luxury ( i guess you could call it that ) one does n't really come across in europe . 
  then there are the skylines and views from the skyscrapers . 
  every once in a while , russia sends a news group here to make a story about what a miserable impoverished fascist ruled state we are . 
  the fact most people earn more than twice as much as people do in russia somehow escapes their minds , but that 's besides the point here . 
  a while back , we had one such russian news group in a hotel here . 
  they were supposed to stay for only one night , but the day they went out to the city was quite nice and sunny , and upon reviewing their footage they decided it was n't good enough . 
  the forecast said that the weather will take a turn for the worse in a few days , so what they did was they stayed for another half a week , in a country they hate and where everyone hates them , just sitting there and waiting for the sky to turn gray , so that everything looked more gloomy and people on the streets looked miserable . 
  all that for a few minutes of propaganda footage no one would care about . 
  that is a level of commitment to propaganda no one in the west even bothers to strive for . 
  dubai gets tons of tourists who take pics of eeeverything . 
  when they 're doing the catwalk bit , i really hope it 's to this . 
  statistically it 's women , usually older , who do n't have much going for them . 
  an average redditor is a young male ... 
  reddit , not internet . 
  reddit is renown for being a liberal stronghold . 
  it 's not illegal to be a neo-nazi . 
  committing acts based on those beliefs such that are against the law is . 
  well that 's ballsy . 
  do n't think this happens too often in europe . 
  what makes israel and hebrew even more remarkable is that the modern hebrew is in fact a new language , very different from the ancient hebrew which is a dead language and has been for many centuries . 
  thus , when it was revived , they had to invent and borrow countless new words . 
  as rough as the irish language had it , it was never this bad . 
  damn , that 's a lot of parties . 
  how many are expected to pass the threshold ? 
   it looks like the french like claiming benifits to which they are not entitled . 
  and then there is greece ... 
  hmm , they play the right kind of football over there ( unlike the us ) , have better food than britain and cheaper class a drugs . 
  this could work . 
  michael scott from the office . 
  god , i loved that show ... 
  [ * oh you ... * ] ( http://teezeria.com/images/designs/1186img_23.png ), 
  percentage alone does n't tell the whole story . 
  some trade commitments are easier to break than others . 
  like i 'm guessing cyprus is that high up beause of the british bases there and that 's not something you can just walk away from . 
  sometimes , what brings the kids together is hating the lunch lady . 
  do women actually want this ? 
  seems weird to me . 
  more so , i reckon the very men actually responsible for such violence wo n't be deterred by this in the slightest . 
  those centres are overflowing . 
  the article mentions 127 detainees and even if there were more officers present than the 5 mentioned , they would 've still been easily overwhelmed . 
  nah , it 's bound to be pretty effective . 
  imagine the shitstorm if a pleading detainee was ignored and left to die . 
  the officers are n't gon na risk that . 
  shortage of qualified workforce willing to work for a pittance that is . 
  calling bullshit on this . 
  perhaps if you do it us style where they sentence someone to death , then wait for decades to carry it out . 
  this is europe , the death penalty is gone and almost certainly for good . 
  however lets say the protocols banning it were somehow lifted and it was put on a vote , i 'd vote for . 
  obviously , it 'd only be the worst of the worst that would get it , but there are some * really * heinous people behind bars in almost every country . 
  it costs a fortune to keep such a person behind bars all his life and for what ? 
  so that they could pose daily threat to prison staff and other inmates ? 
  not all electric cars are super expensive . 
  indeed , there are n't many tesla owners in estonia , but those pudgy little mitsubishis what ever they are , those you see quite often . 
  ridden by a redhead so ... irish ? 
  source ? 
  edit : wow , k\u00f6nigsberg and kaliningrad actually have two different wiki pages in english ( before 1945 and after ) . 
  how very odd . 
  makes sense . 
  when the current government does n't do you any favours , you 're more inclined to vote for the alternative . 
  [ that 's very un-reddit of you to admit ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uwysayc.png ),
