  the us sent 4 f-22s to europe ( 1st time in history i think ) , so they 're visiting several allied air bases now . 
  * not sure but probably a german shepherd . 
  * [ estonian hound ] ( http://www.lemmik.ee/failid/kennel1_1023.jpg ) , also the only estonian breed still bred . 
  * too many to count ; [ czechoslovakian wolfdogs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovakian_wolfdog ) and [ dobermans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doberman_pinscher ) are definitely on the list . 
  jack russels and scotties from smaller dogs . 
  i wonder has anyone told these refugees yet that rather than getting to the country of their choosing , they 'll instead be divided up in quotas and assigned to random poorer countries they 've perhaps never even heard of . 
  i 'd love to see their reaction . 
  imitation is the sincerest form of flattery . 
  although whoever said that probably did n't work on multi-billion advanced technology r&d projects . 
  i remember reading how despite constantly `` sinking '' due to water level rises , the netherlands have actually increased it 's land area by quite a few square kilometers during the past decade because you actually win land from the sea faster than it sinks . 
  redditors are known to be much more anti-corporation and anti-establishment than politicians and public figures in general . 
  it 's like reading the un reports : x million children in mali are starving . 
  related reports : mali has 3rd highest birth rates in the world . 
  it 's not europeans who should feel ashamed , it 's the numbskull parents of these starving children . 
  do n't say evil , that just sounds bad . 
  say machiavellian , it 's more clever and classy that way . 
  [ my political compass ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=1.63&amp;soc=0.56 ) economic left/right : 1.63 social libertarian/authoritarian : 0.56, 
  obviously i meant having a larger gdp . 
  unless you intend on setting them loose in the woods , land area means nothing . 
  these people need to be provided for by the locals and local economy . 
  current population and gdp are the figures to go by , not land area . 
  and that 's only minimal sustenance . 
  people require more than just that , they need a sense of belonging and a purpose in life ; steady jobs , careers , entertainment , care etc. 
  and africa is n't exactly known for it 's entrepreneurship . 
  and in such sneaky manner , the greater german empire is restored . 
  the uk takes more flak because it is much larger and could fit more . 
  even if ireland was assigned a bigger quota per capita it would still be a much smaller number , insignificant compared to the masses pouring into europe . 
  unless you intend to flood ireland with refugees it wo n't make a difference in the grand scheme of things , the uk supposedly would ( for now anyway ) . 
  not like the syrians are n't flocking to fight for the is . 
  rebel groups do n't make such advances without considerable local support . 
  lots of overtime , though . 
  juncker is totally that one uncle who shows up to your family christmas party , samples all the drinks and gets tipsy before the food is even ready and then starts to invade everyone 's personal space in a friendly yet annoying manner . 
  i think we all know who the `` shit guy '' is . 
  ... and they still get terrorist attacks from time to time and europe & the us still got a ton of refugees during the chechen war ( the boston marathon bombers included ) ... all this from a tiny chechniya . 
  nigeria is a country with a population of 180 million , large standing military and oil revenue . 
  then suddenly some rag-tag militia shows up in northern parts of the country . 
  better seek refuge in europe !, 
  so what is this magical solution only russian minds are privy to ? 
   older generation that grew up behind the iron curtain is not nearly as techonology oriented as the youth so much this . 
  my parents ( 62 and 55 ) barely know how to turn the computer on and type in the url . 
  they never use it unless they necessarily have to , in which case they call me/my brother/someone else if it 's something slightly more complicated . 
  plenty of time and opportunity to learn but just ca n't be bothered . 
  for anyone period , i 'd say . 
  regardless , parents who leave safe turkey and put their children in such grave danger just so they could have a shot at a wealthy european country deserve their teeth knocked out . 
  but is it more socially awkward ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  bank, 
  [ i believe our austrian friend is referring to this ( sfw ) ] ( http://www.odps.org/glossword/index.php?a=term&amp;d=8&amp;t=10652 ), 
  yes , i do believe a foreign intervention will prove necessary sooner or later . 
  air strikes alone wo n't cut it , you need boots on the ground . 
  and yes , it wo n't `` fix '' the region but a quick ( no longer than a year ) mission would deal a significant blow to the is manpower , thus crippling their war-making potential and curbing their advance . 
  basically : in and out , smash their congested forces and do n't get bogged down with low level insurgency like in afghanistan . 
  whole different problem is what to do with all of the captured/surrendered is fighters the west would get ( just like with taliban in the early stages of the war ) . 
  these people have commited heinous crimes ( or willing to ) but since there would be no way to convict them in a court of law ( due to the lack of forensic evidence and credible witnesses ) we 'd have to open a another `` guantanamo '' somewhere and that would n't go down too well with the human rights types . 
  meaning you have homosexuals making love on the streets * and * horse-drawn taxi cabs ? 
  this is so not his year . 
  makes sense . 
  i seriously doubt these guys intend to live celibate and a random asylum seeking african is probably not most european women 's ideal boyfriend . 
  ... so i picked the knife up , held it high and as a good citizen , asked whose knife is this ? 
  unfortunately , my fellow passengers did n't understand my thick accent and some police officers shot me in the leg . 
  6 cans by 9:30 . 
  so he had his breakfast . 
  both of those sound like sex positions . 
  [ it 's a joke from blackadder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okuhyo9tm5a ) . 
  atkinson 's character names cambridge , oxford and hull as the 3 great british universities and the nurse he suspects of being a german spy misses the obvious error of hull being listed as one of the greats . 
  this however prompts fry 's character to ( falsely ) declare oxford a complete dump . 
  university of tartu, 
  oxford is a complete dump !, 
   trying to fuck every woman in a two-mile radius , despite being married ( that was no big deal ) well he * is * french ... 
  yeah , i remember that episode . 
  the belgian nurse ( who later died ) said the black girl was from congo . 
  thus far at least , bulk of syrian refugees have fled from assad , not the is . 
  we 'll do it ... oh , wait ... :(, 
  same , got it in early 2000s and had it for years . 
   forced by whom ? 
  both the german and swedish supreme courts have ruled that returning refugees to hungary is not allowed due to the ` inhuman ' treatment in hungary . 
  same with greece by the way . 
  source ? 
  there are some amatuer clubs but it 's not popular . 
  i personally do n't know the rules or anything . 
  a nazi flag would send a clearer message , though . 
  not many people know neo-nazi insignia , whereas everyone knows the nazi flag . 
  combination of wealth and geographic location . 
  meanwhile germany offers a battlecruiser and a light cruiser for free . 
  does n't really matter . 
  they 'll have 1 wife in the eyes of the law and a bunch of ( willing ) mistresses . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i mostly meant it as a / s post but with sweden one can never be sure in these matters . 
  ... and the people will vote for even more immigrants !, 
  ali g had the same idea ages go . 
   according to locals the 15-year-immigrant was fatally wounded during the exchange of fire , while other witnesses said that he died from asphyxiation . 
  no , i call dibs . 
  yes , i do believe the west will have to intervene sooner or later . 
  yes , it wo n't `` fix '' the region but a quick ( no longer than a year ) mission would deal a significant blow to the is manpower , thus crippling their war-making potential and curbing their advance . 
  problem number 2 is what to do with the thousands of captured is fighters . 
  since there would be no way to convict them in a court of law ( because good luck finding forensic evidence and credible witnesses in the middle east ) we 'd have to open a `` second guantanamo '' somewhere and that would n't go down too well with the human rights types . 
  by todays standards ? 
  probably . 
  just like we might be by future standards . 
  you 're projeting european/first world mentality unto africans .
