  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkuwof3owuy ) thank god i do n't live there . 
  these people truly have no shame or conscience . 
  if the child 's first word will be putin , then there might be some problems ... 
  if they are illegals , there are no records about them and they ca n't claim benefits so i imagine they were exempt from the british study . 
  the rest of what you say is plain foolishness . 
  while lazy brits do exist also , it is impossible to deport them because , well , they are british . 
  britain is stuck with them but in no way does this mean britain should also import unproductive people from other countries . 
  first you want proof , then `` it 's easy to lie with statistics '' . 
  i give up . 
  here 's a nugget for you : if these africans and middle easterners were anything but a massive drain on resources and a growing security risk , the southern eu member states would n't be so hellbent on offloading them onto others . 
  genetic laziness ? 
  but there are undeniable deep-rooted social , religious , cultural and educational aspects characteristic to so many africans and middle easterners that prevent them from integrating and becoming productive members in western societies . 
  especially if there are many of them coming . 
  everything outside of france , switzerland or the eu is now the us . 
  yes , eu migrants . 
  [ now try the non-eu ones ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11210687/immigration-the-real-cost-to-britain.html ) . 
  note the non-eu ones also include australians , northern americans etc who usually tend to be more productive . 
  if we 'd add up the expenses of accepting africans and middle easterners alone this picture would be even more grim , which is why anyone with a half a brain does n't want them in their country . 
  just wait until you start getting boat people from france . 
  the us in particular continued to support them heavily . 
  from political advice and helping them open new markets to financial aid and free designs and know-how . 
  had it not been for the west , there would only be the democratic people 's republic of korea today . 
  obviously the koreans themselves worked hard but none of this would 've even been possible without the west and the us in particular . 
  the eu today has a lot more on it 's plate than ever before but it 's nothing that ca n't be worked out . 
  what pisses me off is the migrants and how everyone seems to be more concerned about who 's fault it is and how can they stay out of this , rather than coming together and reforming a system that obviously is n't working . 
  got to make up for that time you spent over a year without one !, 
  unfortunately not . 
  most of the work , none of the credit/reward . 
  as long as we lack the capital to fund these projects , we will continue to serve other 's . 
  south korea went from being a nation of semi-literate subhuman slaves to the japanese empire to an economic powerhouse in 25 years . 
  all because of a western intervention . 
  europe did n't get rid of gaddafi , libyans did . 
  europe bombed some libyan high value military assets . 
  assets that otherwise could 've and would 've been used against the uprising and civilians . 
  granted libya today is far from perfect but at least it 's not another syria . 
  the eu is an european economic union and to a smaller circle also a monetary one . 
  it is not nor was ever meant to be a framework to redistribute the third world 's poor . 
  there are legit war refugees from syria , that 's it . 
  other than that it 's virtually impossible to determine who is a legit refugee and who is n't . 
  they 've wasted thousands of euros and travelled for thousands of kilometers to get here , they know how the system works and they know that to say . 
  1 ) if you 're christian , say the muslims in your country are persecuting you and vice-a-versa . 
  2 ) african countries are heterogeneous , say your ethnic group is persecuted by another one . 
  3 ) say you were a part of some opposition movement and the government is cracking down on you . 
  any of those will usually work because good luck proving otherwise . 
  also if your first attempt fails , you do n't get deported right away and if you 're an african or a middle easterner , most likely you wo n't be deported at all . 
  you can try and try again and odds are some bleeding hearts will take pity on you sooner or later . 
  but lets say we get the quotas . 
  lets be generous and assume they will actually want to come here and not jump a ferry to sweden the first chance they get . 
  all this will achieve is buy a little time for countries like italy and greece at a high cost for others since the migrants will continue to come at faster rate than they are being redistributed . 
  standing in a brothel queue is probably a little awkward but worth it . 
  i know what you meant to say but it 's wrong to call them immigrants or saying do n't want any immigrants . 
  nobody is opposing normal , legal immigrants ... hell , we 'd be glad for those . 
  people oppose illegals who come under the aegis of asylum seeking and a deeply flawed system that enables them . 
  and i thought honking car horns at weddings was annoying ... 
  the law can only be harsh when it 's enforced . 
  as if the royal wedding is n't enough ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  i think i tried doing my own name a few times and a girl 's name i had a crush on ( and then destroying it quickly ) . 
   source : messed around with lawn mowers a lot . 
  ah yes , good times . 
  always either a swastika or cock and balls . 
  calling it now russia will try to create a new `` people 's republic '' from odessa oblast and transnistria . 
  we do humbly try our very best to improve the quality of this sub . 
  anyway , since we now have this topic here - as / u/mythrilfan pointed it out in / r/eesti , [ stork eggs do look a lot like potatoes ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/grus_grus_mwnh_2041.jpg ) . 
  i prefer the concept of nation states over multiculturalism . 
  i live in one of the least muslim country in europe and i ca n't help but feeling i 'd like for it to stay that way . 
  whether exaggerated or not , it 's an undeniable fact mass-immigration leads to some serious tensions . 
  tensions i believe we could all do without . 
  can both our peoples coexist peacefully in the world ? 
  sure . 
  in the same country ? 
  questionable . 
  obviously this does n't apply to muslims alone . 
  if you import any massive group of foreigners , expect a clash of cultures . 
  more different the cultures , bigger the clash . 
  [ here 's a few of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_hamza ) , all but one are radicals/terrorists . 
  abu hamza al-masri is arguably the most famous one ( the one who cost british taxpayers millions of pounds and is now sitting in a us jail ) . 
  but there are more , the danish one is not even listed on wiki . 
  abu hamza is like the florida man , he gets around a lot . 
  our neighbours do n't have as many soviet era monotowns like [ narva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva ) , which is where drugs are a major problem . 
  it 's the same in russia where drugs are an epidemic in disenfranchised monotowns but not elsewhere . 
  [ here 's one english language article i could find on the subject . 
  ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/europe/2013/1016/why-is-china-white-killing-estonia-s-russian-speakers ), 
  there seems to be an abundance of militants and religious nutjobs named abu hamza . 
  i love how most of our immigrants are still from russia despite the fact we 're literally nazi germany according to their media . 
  this table also shows that estonians do n't really move that much with finland being the exception for obvious reasons . 
  not really , i use a card like 90 % of the time anyway so not much difference . 
  violate other countries ' sovereignty , expect them to continue supplying your military . 
  also soon enough , more and more people will begin to realise it 's not all unicorns and butterflies . 
  an average estonian emigrant is a young female . 
  they might talk about estonia being `` too small '' and `` greater opportunities '' in the west but in reality they have no valuable skills and most will end up working in clubs/bars , retail or something like that . 
  and for a time being they 're happy with that because the money is still better and everything is new and interesting . 
  however most of those are dead end jobs with little to no career options and while the money is better , they will still spend it all if they lead an active social life ( most do ) . 
  before they 'll know it , they 'll be faced with a situation where they 're in their 30s with no career , no valuabe skills or education and no savings and most of their former employers preferring to hire someone younger . 
  the men are somewhat better off in this because noone hires a guy for being young and pretty but there are still less jobs in the west now , even menial ones , than there used to be . 
  i know several people who emigrated in 2005-08 and are now back , they 're older than i am and they 're living with their parents because they have nothing . 
  the fact it 's university students and not average joes off a street makes it only that much sadder . 
  i can relate to the part about many wanting to emigrate though . 
  in estonia , there is almost something of a social pressure encouraging emigration , youth emigration in particular . 
  as if it was something cool or a smart thing to do .
