  might give it a go when i have some downtime . 
  the intro made it sound a bit like homeland which i 'll take over all these superheroes/post-apocalypse/teen / chick series we have running now . 
  is it any good ? 
  i 've been struggling to find a decent show to follow . 
  well , croatia has got lions , a goat and a ~ ~ weasel ~ ~ marten ( j/k it 's really a weasel but do n't tell them that ) . 
  and like 90 % of the rest have eagles . 
  190,000 ducks were wanked off ? 
  a lot of them are definitely going to australia . 
  i friend of mine was in melbourne , australia and visited a local league football match . 
  his biggest surprise was how at the stadium ( 15-20k people ) the british accents would drown out the aussies . 
  well a howitzer is a howitzer , that 's why it `` looks wwii '' . 
  the innovations are mainly superior optics , guidance systems , loading system etc , things that are n't as visible from the outside . 
  yeah , i read you might be going korean . 
  how does the k9 compare to pzh 2000/other european designs ? 
  * [ egypt adds another 1 million people in just 6 months . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/egyindependent/status/801446755254542336 ) * more and more food has to be imported and prices are soaring . 
  * millions upon millions of unemployable young men . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  if you watch the whole episode , no , not at all . 
  just grant them all russian citizenship , you know , like in crimea . 
  i could swear i 've seen this years ago . 
  brilliant nonetheless . 
  [ she did n't force anything up my bum , so it 's not rape !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uiiiyunmqk ), 
  so basically it allows a scenario where you 're both drunk , she 's all over you and comes home with you , does n't say no , lets you lead and does n't fight back . 
  come morning , you 're a rapist . 
  i can see why some people would vote yes . 
  no , but `` kill '' is a military town so that 's kind of fitting . 
  your arsenal rifles are basically aks . 
  german hk416 is an ar lol . 
  that is assuming he 'll keep the current system that involves countless immigration officials , lawyers and other staff members , and lengthy deliberations , and not replace it with a less humane system , somewhere along the lines of : `` no papers ? 
  on the bus you go . '', 
  in many places along the us border they have those already . 
  he will probably build some more but i agree it probably wo n't make much of a difference . 
  what might make a difference is a tougher approach to illegal immigrants already inside the country and deportations . 
  16-17/20 for me . 
  there also seems to be a lot more violence surrounding the drug trade in the americas . 
  the blood spilled adds to the cost as well . 
  pros : the media does n't have a pic of you having a pervy look . 
  cons : you missed the ass . 
  we are ? 
  i thought bitching and moaning about everything is the favourite national pastime . 
   only 4 % of estonians think their children will be financially worse off than themselves . 
  that 's because the current generation had to work themselves up from rock bottom , so technically even a shoddy life will indeed be better than it was . 
  whereas you ca n't say the same about housing price crisis bound western europe or the debt-laden south . 
  the continent swap , now that 'd be the mother of all reality shows . 
  i think i 've only ever been on antibiotics once , when i was hospitalized with pneumonia as a kid . 
  and because it 's november , it 'll be dank now . 
  or they just chuck it all into the ocean . 
  looks like it has n't changed a lot either . 
  if the rapists are british as well , ca n't they be charged and prosecuted in britain ? 
  then where are the mosques ? 
  * bet there will be a lot of in bruges quotes in this thread ... * yup . 
  not that i mind . 
  beautiful city , loved the movie . 
  in here , german language in schools is mostly just a relic from when we had baltic germans . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i 've ever heard . 
  on a more important note , are those cracks under the upper right window of the first building ? 
  i do n't know french and thought it ended with i am sanctions . 
  those numbers mean nothing as it was mostly russians , including the soviet/russian army leaving in 1994 . 
  the amount of latvians has decreased by about 160k . 
  still bad , but nowhere near as bad as the crude numbers suggest . 
  and who would do that ? 
  last time anyone used mines was iran in the 80s . 
  what do they need that many minesweepers for ? 
  europe has a ridiculous amount of them already and mine warfare is basically dead . 
  we have n't had a big one in a while now , though . 
  knock on wood . 
  although they used the wrong end of the car . 
  they should 've used the front , so the kids could sit behind the wheel and get the best vroom vroom car experience . 
  my dad stayed in kassel for a while . 
  that park with the castles up the hill looks pretty amazing . 
  yes , we 're not on their way as most refugees use the balkan-central european route and we 're way up north east . 
  thank god . 
   kept in detention centers the ones that do n't get asylum , yes . 
  as is standard . 
  because they either lied on their application ( such as being from armenia instead of syria ) , or never even asked for asylum in the first place , simply wishing to reach another country . 
  wtf is the state supposed to do with people like that ? 
  because that 's something people reveal upon meeting . 
  i reckon it 's mostly because of that bridge connecting denmark and sweden . 
  [ true , but that has never stopped people from dreaming . 
  ] ( http://forgotten-ny.com/2006/09/the-yellow-submarine-of-coney-island-creek-part-1/ ), 
  every american , british and canadian soldier that landed in normandy instantly became french . 
  turkmenistan is absolutely a north korea tier country , minus the obsession with nukes , which is why you do n't really hear anything about them . 
  i must say , i was mildly disappointed not seeing a solid marble statue of an eu official , and in iran of all the places . 
  that 's just a cutout , not a sculpture . 
  i believe that was evident in my first reply . 
  and ground into burgers . 
  one speaks english , the other is all oui croissant baguette hon hon hon. 
  novelty and wears off and the usual hatred of politicians kicks in . 
  [ quick search , first result : 295k ] ( http://www.city24.ee/et/kinnisvara/majade-muuk/tallinn-nomme/3859166?selectedtabmenu=list#_ ), 
   basketball for lithuania well , they know their target audience , i 'll give them that . 
  expected tom of finland , got tom of finland . 
  are they available to the public , like health care and free higher education ? 
  knowing this sub , there 'll be a version of this thread featuring cock soon enough . 
  but it 's art , it 's all safe !, 
  i have no idea why you 're being downvoted . 
  i 've only ever seen the word americans used in reference to us citizens . 
  ka-ka-ka-ka-katmandu i think that 's really where i 'm going to if i ever get out of here i 'm going to katmandu, 
  it is if you have to build all the facilities up from scratch and then leave them to rot once the games are over , paris probably already has most of the facilities and the infrastructure required .
