  if you 'd say no , this is my home and i love my country , people would give you looks like there was something wrong with you . 
  i kid you not . 
  the shame of enduring the soviet occupation and being situated right across the nordics , marveling at their high incomes from beyond the baltic sea certainly has n't done any favours to an average estonian 's self-esteem . 
  thankfully , i believe this sentiment has began to fade slowly . 
  that being said , there are still way too many people here who see the west through some very thick rose-tinted glasses despite knowing fuck all about those countries in reality . 
  you 're overreacting . 
  while i do believe sweden is paving the road to hell with their good intentions , it 'll still take quite some time before one will truly begin to feel it . 
  what 's the total of dead/captured confirmed russian servicemen by now ? 
  they must employ some real bond girl scientists . 
  you 're thinking of his brother mike . 
  wtf , 2nd one in a month ? 
  [ the other one was worse ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/36hog7/hungarian_jas_39_gripen_fighter_jet_crashes_in ) . 
  if this keeps up , hungary will have no air force left by the end of the year . 
  that 's like half of the turkish national football team right there . 
  an epitome of career politician minus experience . 
  do n't most people read more than one paper ? 
  would have expected more latino dominated regions . 
  which i , as a young guy myself , consider too young . 
  history , yes . 
  battles ? 
  seems like an awful unnecessary way to stir up some feelings , just saying . 
  history and wars belong to history books , museums and days of commemoration , not legal tender . 
  probably not , given how neutered germany is regarding anything wwii related . 
  however it 's a stupid idea to use eu currency to commemorate wars/battles . 
  especially if the said battle was fought between today fellow eu member states . 
  it 's older but not the same . 
  the first generation of these immigrants were workers , mainly from maghreb countries needed to rebuild france after wwii ( much like germany did with turks ) . 
  the concept of integration as such did n't even exist back then and many of them barely spoke any french at all but there was no radicalism and because there were still so few of them compared to ethnic french people , nobody really cared . 
  most managed to make a living because there was a lot of work to be done . 
  then came the family reunifications and second generation immigrants ( 1970-80 ) . 
  that generation integrated more or less correctly : they they went to school and were n't overly religious . 
  however they were still poorer and lived in the ghettos ( banlieue ) . 
  the situation began to deteriorate after the 1973 oil crisis and de-industrialisation which saw many factories that employed immigrants closed ( much like detroit in the us ) . 
  now there are many third and fourth generation immigrants living in those same ghetto neighbourhoods . 
  there is `` hood mentality '' like among the blacks in the us and they are also radicalized by imams from arab countries such as saudi arabia , qatar and egypt . 
  the new immigrants are purely economic . 
  people coming from africa because of the lure of a better life in france . 
  when they come and see it 's not all milk and honey , that there are few jobs available and nobody really wants them there , they become an easy pray for radical islamic preechers . 
  however they will continue to come because the youth in africa grow up thinking europe is el dorado where there is free money for everyone because of welfare . 
   500 eur in romania/bulgaria can get you the same lifestyle as 1500-2000 eur in belgium not sure of that . 
  ca n't personally speak for romania but in general i 've found many consumer products actually cost less in western europe than they do in the east . 
  granted , food is cheaper and so are utilities but nowhere near enough to make it a 3-4 times difference . 
  i ca n't help but feel purchasing power parity is very skewed . 
  various such ratings usually make an average western european country out to be just 1.5 to 1.75 times richer than an eastern european one . 
  if that would be the case , hardly anyone from the east would be moving west . 
  what 's the deal with all the vietnamese in east germany ? 
  or more likely a total warzone like syria . 
  the west bombed some libyan high value military targets to prevent their use against cities and civilians ( like syria does with their new rocket artillery systems from russia ) , that 's all . 
  you forget the libyan opposition were dedicated as hell . 
  and in what state would libya be now had gaddafi lived ? 
  why is northern sweden so wealthy ? 
  is it me or do they mostly come on weekends ? 
  [ siege of rhodes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_rhodes_ ( 1522 )  ottoman empire : 200.000 men  knights hospitaller : 7.500 men ( including 700 knights and 500 archers ) zerged by the worst turk :(, 
   200 estonians `` estonians '', 
  what is the fort at 4:48 ? 
  nvm , found it . 
  [ palace of the grand master of the knights of rhodes ] ( http://www.rhodes.gr/userfiles/0e9db6f0-c09d-41e3-a3fc-57263967291a/medieval05_hires.jpg ) . 
  sweden has got some very fine submarines though . 
   full medieval plate armor would it be fanboy fantasy armour with a massive massive cleavage ? 
  it 's holland most of the time though and madalmaad is only ever used by smartasses who feel the urge to point out holland is technically wrong . 
  i agree . 
  finland has managed to remain independent for long enough now for russia to stop thinking of them as some breakaway territory that needs to be returned to the empire . 
  also even without nato , finland is still very much considered to be part of `` the west '' , so even if something were to happen , nato membership or lack of it would n't be the decisive factor on whether or not the west would help . 
  essex seems like a place to go . 
  my parents never bother logging off their facebook accounts on their home desktop and they do n't care if i use it . 
  different generation , they have no secrets on social networks . 
  not after it got defeated by an irish speed bump . 
   i3 micra pretending it 's bmw . 
  should 've used the bikini one . 
  at least they left their sickles at home . 
  yugoslavia has been gone for over 23 years now , different successor states had different resources and have made different decisions since then , with different results . 
  and i said slovenia being the furthest away from serbia meant they got lucky with the war , not why their economy is better . 
  success and development are a combination of factors ( resources , political decisions , various disasters or lack of them etc ) . 
  no war alone does not guarantee success . 
  macedonia might 've not had a war but they have n't done much to improve thier situation either . 
  cock in a red circle with a line through it ? 
  different countries , different sentiments . 
  afaik , macedonia had always been the more submissive one , being part of serbia even before wwi etc. 
  might as well ask why russia had conflicts with some of the former soviet states but not other even though they were closer . 
  slovenia had the fortune of being the furthest away from serbia , so yes , they got lucky with the war but socialist states collapsed everywhere and yugoslavia would 've been no exception . 
  war or no war , you still would 've had to rebuild your economies from scratch . 
  croatian gdp per capita is 3 times that of bosnia and more than twice of serbian , so i 'd say they 're on the right track . 
  seems to have worked out for croatia and slovenia just fine . 
  aww , polish commie ghettos . 
  just like the estonian ones but with catholic churches every here and there . 
  almost . 
  if you 're unemployed , the state `` employs '' you as a street sweeper so belarus has the most street sweepers per capita anywhere and some of the cleanest streets in the world or so i 've heard . 
  i 've always found employment rate to be the more accurate rating . 
  africa and middle east are doomed , europe has a choice . 
  or at least should have . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  [ take a look at this ] ( https://www.google.ee/search?q=lasnam%c3%a4e&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=xqluvb-_ksgnsghdmyhgdw&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=667 ) . 
  granted , not all of tallinn is like that . 
  maintaining such high level of development as the one achieved by japan is very difficult . 
  that is not to say regression of any kind is a clear sign of an impending collapse . 
  as their workforce becomes smaller and ages , there will be an unavoidable decline but what of it ? 
  japan is overpopulated as it is and what ever market niche they might free will be gladly taken over by others . 
  japanese are a smart , pragmatic folk . 
  there is no need for us to worry about them . 
  problem is there are no real choices other than : 1 ) the head-in-sand mainstream parties .
