  : / surprised the mayor of london office was only created in 2000 . 
  london did n't have mayors before 2000 ? 
  there is definitely no taboo about having children out of wedlock here . 
  i know several couples with children who are n't married but seem more functional than most married ones . 
  that does n't mean they do n't plan on getting married eventually . 
  even our pm is unmarried but has a child with his long-term girlfriend . 
  as long as it 's not affecting any benefits , people just do n't care . 
   royal navy fires warning shots the rn vessel was a tiny patrol boat and it fired flares . 
  does n't sound like much of a story . 
  those dark blue french kits look really good in person imo . 
  that thing is seriously cute . 
   do n't buy trains from italy . 
  spend it on drinks and women instead ? 
  it 's actually not uncommon for european navies to keep old sailing vessels as training ships . 
  are they tasty ? 
  do n't say like chicken . 
  this screams disgruntled employee . 
  guillotine their phones ? 
  a scenario we 're all faced with on daily basis . 
  did you take the ride ? 
  [ said boris . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt0soxsyhua&amp;t=322s ), 
  horrible , but the title makes me think of the sopranos episode : he killed sixteen czechoslovakians . 
  guy was an interior decorator . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
  regardless of the outcome , what and when ever it will be , he ca n't be a part of it . 
  the baath party may , and probably will , remain , but the mere image of assad wo n't let syria heal . 
  you ca n't except the country to just go back under his rule and pretend like nothing had ever happened , not after 400-500k dead . 
  lovely steam locomotive in the 2nd pic . 
  switch the chairs before he gets there , he wo n't know any better . 
  germany stronk , arminius alive in germany !, 
  ] ( https://torufoorum.net/files.php?pid=20413&amp;aid=3386 ) saku radler meeldis . 
  yes , it would be spoken in most of the former colonies for obvious reasons ( but not all , you might not get very far with english alone in egypt or other arabic countries today for example ) , but not elsewhere . 
  the reason continental europe , south and central america , western and central africa , and most parts of asia all speak english today at least to some extent despite never having lived under british rule is america . 
   i 'm a new drinker aww , you 're adorable . 
  welcome into the fold . 
  as for me , i mostly drink domestic beers you wo n't find abroad . 
   99 % of posts are about irish reunification is that still something people discuss often in northern ireland today ? 
  it would be spoken by countries that were actual colonies of britain , not the rest of the world , such as europe . 
  when an estonian and a swede , neither of whom have ever been ruled by britain or france , meet today , they speak english to each other because they both grew up in a world dominated by american media and entertainment . 
  sure , but without america , english today would n't be any more widespread than say french . 
  not to mention , english today owes it 's status as the world 's * lingua franca * to america , not the uk . 
   so `` pint of beer '' is a factor but passporting / licensing requirements is not europe, 
  they 're not . 
  how could they be with the northern part of the island occupied ? 
  looks smaller in real life . 
  brits themselves emigrate at substantial numbers , but they usually go to the us or australia , not europe . 
  when you say natural stadium you mean surrounded by grassy banks instead of spectator stands behind walls ? 
   east european countries actually have huge trade surpluses with the rest of the eu ( especially poland and the czech republic ) the goods might come from poland and czech republic , but the companies producing them are now largely owned by foreign capital ( mostly german ) . 
   uk and france , since those two countries have by far the largest trade deficits . 
  one of the main reasons why the uk is leaving . 
   it 's just not sustainable to use taxes and subsidies to prop up failing industries . 
  not failing industries , but emerging ones . 
  eastern europe had to restart from zero in the 90s , and emerging new companies had just begun to find their footing on local markets . 
  such companies desperately needed protectionism as they simply could n't yet withstand the competition from infinitely more powerful western rivals . 
  meanwhile the german companies who were already producing too much , desperately wanted to see the customs gone so they could conquer new markets . 
   it 's even more ridiculous for a small country like estonia . 
  with a market of 1.3 m people you can not feasibly have a competitive market place for manufactured goods . 
  only when it comes to heavy industry . 
  for something like finance or retail to be dominated by foreign capital to such an extent is outright criminal . 
  the ( continental ) european partners of the f-35 project have already vested a lot of time and money into the project , so no one 's going to jump ship now for a mere idea of a 5th gen euro fighter . 
  substitute `` toilet '' with `` where there is more money '' and yes . 
  the basic principle was that the cash-strapped east sacrificed it 's domestic industry for some free stuff from the west . 
  short-term gain for a long-term loss , one that is finally becoming more and more apparent . 
  `` mistakes were made '', 
  an even bigger market that was already full and where it is nearly impossible to compete with local companies who have decades worth of capital and experience under their belts . 
  likewise the same companies could now just move east and wipe out the weak emerging local business , unable to protect itself because market freedom . 
  market freedom equals hegemony of the biggest . 
  in other words western europe ( germany ) just subsidized their own companies and offloaded some of the product east free of charge . 
  considering how much the unit costs drop at such levels of mass production , that 's nothing . 
  especially if it gives you a large unsaturated market on a silver platter in return . 
  trinkets to fucking indians is what it is . 
  ca n't blame the politicians alone . 
  the public was more than willing to go along with it . 
  after all , the prospect of making the big bucks while wearing suit and sitting in a nice office behind a computer as an analyst or a trader is just so damn appealing . 
  the media helped to push the narrative as well , with all these lead characters of popular films and tv shows who supported their enviable lifestyles by working cushy office jobs . 
  remember economics classes and lecturers going on about how manufacturing is a thing of the past and how `` information and services '' are going to keep us all in gravy in this great new post-industrial society ? 
  now countries where nobody builds stuff are struggling with debts and deficits and germany posts one record surplus after another . 
  people always say that , yet there 's a completely different result every year . 
  there is some bias , sure , but not enough to tank a popular entry or vice versa . 
  ours is really dull this year , 2.0-2 .9 % is generous . 
  it 's military balance . 
  they release every year , and while they allow themselves some minor mistakes like not keeping track of every old patrol boat the state has written off , it is honestly the best all-encompassing collection of detailed military data by state you can find . 
  i can see the us gone from germany in 1-2 years . 
  it 's not like germans want them there either . 
  so , god forbid , there 's a shooting at a french uni , police wo n't be able to do anything without an ok from the rector ? 
  and without the kosovo expansion pack !, 
  it 's friedman 's given name . 
  being actually able to relate to this , no , it 's not exactly like that . 
  they wo n't achieve anything as they have no public support whatsoever . 
  they 're either seen as clowns or nobody even knows who they are , and the more bitter they become over their perpetual failure , the more ridiculous they look . 
  one of those days , that headline is going to say killed . 
  honestly , i do n't know why guys like him even bother . 
  rebuilding your economy from scratch with no money whatsoever is always fun . 
  south europeans are just too busy enjoying their nice weather instead of being cooped up at home , perfecting their gaming skills . 
  pick them up if possible , how could you not ? 
  just put them down on the same shore they cast off from . 
  yes , and there was also that attack on a hotel in 2015 , but compared to syria/iraq/yemen / libya it is indeed relatively fine . 
  french tunisian . 
  as of now , we do n't even know if he ever lived there .
