  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by that . 
  has it ever occurred to you such affordable home ownership schemes were one of the reasons why socialism collapsed ? 
  why would anyone go out alone ? 
  it 'd be pretty awkward without a partner or a group . 
  imo the ones by koekkoek especially are amazing . 
  the one in chador is giving a cheeky look . 
  people really are running out of things to research . 
  it would be a more accurate map if one was to exclude the really cold places such as northern scandinavia and northern russia/siberia , where hardly anyone lives anyway . 
  it has to be something with cheese . 
  i do n't think there is single european country that does n't produce a cheese it 's ridiculously proud of . 
  technically , all names are made up . 
  what 's wrong with ava or ella ? 
  i suspect most of those regional dialects and languages shown here are . 
  [ neiger ? 
  ] ( https://latimesphoto.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/la-0107-pin05.jpg ), 
  flashing is n't masturbating , though . 
  and women in the fide top 10 would struggle against men ranked in the # 500s or so . 
  people have n't stopped fucking , just gotten better at contraception . 
  uh , no ? 
  there are some pics and 360 panoramas , but no actual street view . 
  it 's absolutely beautiful . 
  much of swabia looks like it 's from a picture book . 
  that 's not what the article is about . 
  they complain about blacks drowning in the mediterranean , while `` rich whites '' can afford vacations , that the airport is being used to deport black people ( illegal immigrants ? 
  ) , that black people in britain disproportionately live shitty industrial regions with more pollution etc. 
  ridiculous ? 
  perhaps . 
  but it 's not exactly surprising that many blacks in britain would rather associate and side with other blacks around the world , than white britons . 
   the dude did 27 marathons in 27 days . 
  in high heels , no less !, 
   carers are instructed not to talk about the asylum process , or even to ask about the children 's backgrounds . 
  ` we ca n't ask about their home , or about their parents , ' says siggelin . 
  ` but such things occupy 90 per cent of their thoughts . ' why not , though ? 
  if a white child was found in or had wandered into sweden from say norway , the authorities would do their best to reunite the child with their family , but if the child is from africa or the middle east they get to stay no questions asked . 
  no matter where they 're from and if there is actually any kind of conflict . 
  and it 's not just sweden . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  a 16-year-old from nigeria just shows up and says his parents sent him to live in europe and he wants to play football , and the state just accepts them . 
  this will only motivate more and more poor african and middle-eastern families to send their `` surplus children '' to europe . 
  those 2a4s were west german surplus units from the cold war era , stored during the 90s and sold to finland and poland cut-rate . 
  meanwhile our stupid government was buying mine hunters . 
  silly leedu , knights predate the introduction of the potato to europe . 
  * do n't actually own a tv set . 
  * have n't seen a proper movie in over a year . 
  * watched a shitload of series online . 
  * read 3 novels and some books about history and economy ... mostly browsed rather than actually read , though . 
  boche fusils for france ? 
  de gaulle must be spinning in his grave haha . 
  pretty sure it 's not the same tank , but probably worked on by the same group . 
  profile says kurdish activist . 
  this is getting more interesting . 
  if you google kurdish t-72 you get [ this tank ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/av1ndhqzopy/hqdefault.jpg ) . 
  note the skirts , bumper , searchlight and a similar colour scheme , but no number . 
  from a military enthusiast 's pov , there is a very good chance this is a fake . 
  * the tank seems to be an older t-72 model with various add-ons . 
  romania has none in active service , but does have some in storage . 
  granted , so does almost every other country with a socialist past from eastern europe to far east asia . 
  * i do n't think i 've ever seen a t-72 with a license plate attached there . 
  if a t-72 would have a license plate on ( most do n't ) , it would either be on the upper frontal plate or the mudguard . 
  again , due to the shade and that improvised bumper thing , you ca n't really see how it is attached . 
  * surely , if romania was to export tanks to syria , they would n't leave such obvious markings . 
  [ that 's a mindfuck of a picture . 
  ] ( http://estonianworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/001_02.jpg ), 
  my father ca n't even remember the last time he read a book and yet he has done reasonably well for himself . 
  staying away from people who wear tracksuits as regular attire is a sound advice in any corner of the world . 
  explains my gingerish facial hair . 
  i 'm not . 
  a large part of our riff-raff has moved to finland in those past few decades . 
  do n't know how many people here will get this , but well done . 
  could argue a number of is fighters only joined once the is rolled in so they would n't be killed . 
  huh ? 
  live births is what it usually says on various demographic tables and such , is that not the right term ? 
  unlike romania , poland usually has more live births than deaths per year . 
  also ukrainian immigrants . 
  yo , what about like a magnet ? 
  not flanders ? 
  ** motor ** torpedo boats or mtbs , to be precise . 
  torpedo boats used to be a different class of larger military ships . 
  i love how they came up with the arbitrary `` rasenballsport '' just so they could add rb to the club 's name . 
  that is complete horseshit , our population pyramid is just incredibly messed up . 
  in reality , we have more men in every age group from birth up until mid 40s and it only gets worse every year . 
  so there 's a little mogadishu in calais now ... 
  wonder how many of those have polish fathers . 
  the trend in the uk seems to be british men going for eastern european women and british women going for blacks . 
  not on this subreddit !, 
  man , i see you 're not giving up on that dream of seeing your government go . 
  they still had a caretaker government in place . 
  it 's not like they were without any kind of government . 
  multiethnic state of relatively similar ethnic groups , joined by centuries of historic cooperation yet still divided into highly segregated cantons , all fiercely protective over their culture and language . 
  you can not replicate this with todays migrants in european countries . 
  that 's when you hula dance in a burkini . 
  no it was n't . 
  first of , they were russified germans . 
  second , half the country was plotting to overthrow them , and eventually did , so not exactly loyal . 
  same with austria-hungary where ethnic slavs mutinied and were surrendering in large numbers because fuck fighting for austria . 
  and the ottoman empire , which fell apart ... 
  if wwi taught us anything , it 's that multiethnic empires do n't work . 
  you 'll find it is difficult not to say impossible to run a city/country from consumer spending alone when your entire population works and pays taxes in another city/country . 
   lion rampant hah , featured today on [ / r/polandball ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball ) , but with more colour !, 
  citizenship defines fuck all , blood and culture does .
