  immigration also provides an exit to people already under police radar in their home countries . 
  in estonia , we 've actually had some released career criminals stating they will move somewhere else ( usually spain , sorry spain ) because the state has `` ruined their good name '' . 
  i do n't think we actually release official data of prisoners by ethnic origin but the fact our prisons are overwhelmed by russians is n't exactly a secret . 
  out of 40-something prisoners serving life , less than 10 are estonians . 
  the rest being russians or other russian speaking soviets . 
  25-30 % minority commiting over 80 % of most violent crimes is pretty crazy . 
  eu citizens and other foreigners usually get convicted for things such as drug trafficking but not the really gruesome stuff . 
  france doing good as expected in group a , they 're also the team with the most nbaers and will probably defend the title . 
  russia is just crap without kirilenko . 
  group b is the group of death . 
  it 's odd to think nowitzki led germany might not make it past the group stage but it looks like it could well happen . 
  group c is pretty straightforward as you said . 
  expecting the former yugoslavian republic of ancient greek macedonia to be the 4th qualifier . 
  group d : please do n't hurt us , lithuania . 
  we have been invaded so many times in the past , we have multiple words for it ; _ ;, 
  except europe is n't exactly new to middle eastern and african immigrants . 
  everyone knows exactly what to expect , hence the west being so hellbent on offloading them onto others . 
  the is is a relatively new problem and active in the south eastern part of the country - the more scarcely populated one . 
  and by the looks of it , a lot of syrians there support the is . 
  assad on the other hand has been bombing cities for years now ; the greatest urban destruction occured in places like aleppo , homs etc and was caused by assad . 
  just give it some time for the euphoria of being the world saviours to pass and the cold hard reality of coping with all these people to kick in . 
  the syrians are fleeing russian backed assad and his russian supplied rocket artillery lol, 
  looks like we made the right choice when we stuck with the galil . 
   except france such injustice !, 
  god knows how to multitask . 
  to their defense , that case is a total mess and was blown out of proportion by the media . 
  i would n't be so sure other judicial systems would 've done much better . 
  at any rate , this case is an exception rather than the norm . 
  pray & spray, 
  [ 17 forever ] ( http://sd.keepcalm-o-matic.co.uk/i/keep-calm-and-17-forever.png ), 
  poorest and persecuted does n't mean stupid . 
  also an average early immigrant was n't worse off than europeans who stayed behind . 
  the poorer waves came much later , i.e. 
  italians in early 20th century . 
  do n't tell me you honestly believe the us would 've turned out a success if it was by some reason populated by arabs and sub-saharan africans . 
  the us was also a wild frontier land so any kind of comparison to already developed and saturated europe is simply unwarranted . 
  switzerland is diverse by history , not immigration . 
  singapore owes it 's wealth to it 's location and being the historic center of the eastern part of the british empire , not diversity . 
  and no , estonia will most certainly not die out . 
  and even if it was , importing extremely foreign people who do n't even want to come here themselves certainly would n't help . 
  lets be honest here , the us did n't become great by importing people from the most backwarded , uneducated , poorest and violent regions of the world , it became great thanks to it 's european immigrants . 
  second , europe is old world and not a melting pot . 
  the whole talk about diversity being strength is just nonsense , having ethnic homogeneouity did n't stop the pre 21st century european countries or the far east from progress . 
  afghanistan on the other hand is very diverse , it sure has done wonders for them . 
  the more competent politicians/officials usually work in their own countries . 
  the eu institutions are often seen as a place where you send your clowns and loonies or a place where politicians go to retire . 
  probably french/southern europe . 
  seriously , i 'd love if bidets were a thing here . 
  ah yes , the infamous poop shelf . 
  italy and france went to war against each other . 
  at one point italy switched sides and france surrendered . 
  i do n't see why not , it worked before . 
   fine country like syriza i think you got / r/europe 's 2 main sources of frustration mixed up there . 
  there 's a distinctive `` america fuck yeah '' period between 1940 and 1944 . 
  you think soldiers from other countries conduct themselves in a quiet , polite and politically correct manner during combat situations ? 
  solid # 2 team sport after football ( soccer for you ) , even though we slumped horribly during the last decade . 
  almost complete opposites despite the branding . 
  reform party is center-right , highly pro-west and pro-eu in particular , free market liberlism , low taxes on corporations and flat income tax . 
  often criticized for favouring the rich and not giving a fuck about the poor . 
  basically they 're blunt and pragmatic , putting the welfare of the country as a whole before the welfare of the people . 
  center party 's official ideology is much more blurred but effectively they 're the russian party although they were much less so back in the 90s . 
  the ethnic russian members are pretty open about it , the few remaining old guard estonian members just hide from the issue . 
  they swing much more left than the reform party . 
  teodosic has got to be one of the best players in europe right now . 
  he 's been carrying cska for years now but always falling short in the latter stages of the euroleague . 
  google translates the title as `` sexy banners from skopje '' . 
  shameful display from estonia in the opening game . 
  originally the competition was supposed to be held in ukraine but they had to move it because of the war so they came up with this 4 host countries idea . 
  syria is already much worse than libya . 
  probably [ pro patria and res publica union ] ( http://www.irl.ee/en ) . 
  centre-right , conservative , epp in the eu . 
  they 're not doing too well right now and i do n't agree with some of their views but right now they 're the lesser evil for me . 
  what ever they 'll do , at least they wo n't fuck up too bad . 
  the reform party are the only real viable alternative but i do n't like most of their current leadership . 
  that 's so rasta . 
  a mutt is n't a breed , though , so i do n't think they count . 
  also if you live in a city , then it 's quite obvious most people have smaller dogs . 
  go out of tallinn and the dogs will get bigger . 
  but yeah , it could be something else than a german shepard , hence probably . 
  different times , also you had war . 
   most of them are iraqis coming from sweden . 
  so they claim asylum from sweden , having already received it there ? 
   i would n't be so confident in the eu 's and the un 's reaction to be negative for sure . 
  do n't want to piss off catalonia , do n't want to piss off madrid either . 
  because if they 're deported they can try again . 
   declare independence unilaterally . 
  and what would madrid 's reaction be ? 
  or the eu 's ? 
  or the un 's ? 
  seriously doubt they 'd go through with it . 
  just some posturing to gain more attention and put pressure on madrid . 
  * givemoney, 
  did n't even think meth is a problem in europe . 
  you see it a lot in american tv series/movies but you do n't hear about in europe . 
  anything northern european ( i do n't like too much heat ) and coastal , preferably with a nice beach nearby . 
  well they 're both scenthounds so naturally they look alike . 
  the estonian one is significantly smaller , though , weighing 33 -- 44 pounds , whereas the american one weighs 65 -- 75 pounds ( wiki ) . 
  that white-red-black coat is common as well . 
  use them ? 
  they 'll be gone soon enough .
