by train ? 
  much more difficult to deport africans and pakistani , even if there 's less of them . 
  drinking out of a military issue water bottle irl while playing arma . 
  there , there , france . 
  correlates highly to my observations ; many europeans study spanish , few actually learn it . 
  actually , it 's way worse than that ; even apple 's ceo is gay . 
  better just ban apple alltogether . 
  while probably true it does n't change the fact third world migrants are extremely [ overrepresented in crime statistics ] ( http://www.swedensmostwanted.se ) . 
  nah , the timing was interesting . 
  mind you , they took him just 2 days after obama visited estonia and gave a speech on protecting the national borders and sovereignty . 
  we would if it was cheaper over there !, 
  naturally i 'm glad the man is free and reunited with his family but there 's nothing to celebrate here really , a spy swap is n't a win in any way . 
  not 100 % confirmed yet but looks like it . 
  there will be an official statement . 
   beer and pork but they 're so good ... just work out more or something . 
  meanwhile in english , ore ( similar to or/oro ) means a rock containing any kind of mineral , not just gold . 
  because we have a lot of hipstery people over here and they make sure [ you know it the moment you step off a plane ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/speakeasy/2015/09/23/when-jazz-and-folk-music-mingle-with-airport-security/ ) . 
  because those 500 million already include huge numbers of difficult minorities and unemployed people . 
  bigger serbia as in what ? 
  yugoslavia minus croatia and slovenia ? 
  then it 's a good thing you managed to establish yugoslavia right after the war and import loads of serbs and other slavs from former austro-hungarian territories . 
  losing 60 % of male population would literally mean a complete economic collapse . 
  can it really be 20 % ? 
  20 % out of population should be at least 50 % of fit males . 
  interwar period of independence , peace and progress . 
  pro tip for when travelling . 
  too skint or cheap to buy a return ticket home ? 
  i demand a deportation !, 
  i do n't go to the gym but ever since my military service i do push ups and sit ups on daily basis and run whenever the weather is n't crap and i have the time to do it . 
  do n't own any equipment other than adjustable dumbbells . 
  you do n't need to go to the gym just to keep fit but if you have specific goals in mind you probably should . 
  still a modern vessel of the same type , this way they just got it earlier . 
  no biggie here . 
  well that was unexpected . 
  before they ordered one new frigate from france . 
  lhd is quite a leap . 
  unfortunately , the specialists who could actually be employed in europe would probably move regardless , though , perhaps even be head hunted by european companies . 
  and napoleon would 've gone north before east . 
  for lunch ? 
  maybe later . 
  you ca n't save the third world by importing it to europe . 
  of course . 
  and who 'd know it better than us , after all german crusaders here established an over 600 year long rule of slavery . 
  however right now , that is besides the point . 
  two wrongs do n't make it right . 
  plot twist : shashlik is a kebab . 
  as if that was n't enough , lewandowski just put 5 past them in under 10 minutes . 
  very much so . 
  things buried under sand and slit are usually very well preserved . 
   `` this amount can now be distributed from any eu member state that requests solidarity . 
  for instance , if germany were to ask , they could get others to relocate syrian people from the hills of bavaria to , for instance , estonia '' , an eu contact noted . 
  good luck with that lol, 
  what are they doing now ? 
  i know i did watch the moomins but i ca n't remember this scene anything else specific . 
  i 'm rubbish at remembering anything from my early childhood . 
  speaking of awesome leopard pics , i really liked the on [ dutch army wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_netherlands_army#/media/file:leopard_2_tank_in_dutch_service.jpg ) . 
  $ 2m for a second hand 2a6 is a steal . 
  so she passed away not knowing ? 
  there will always be those who claim only they are somehow persecuted , not their family . 
  we abide by a different set of rules . 
  i doubt a `` literally bolshevik '' candidate could win the uk elections . 
  he is going to need to ease those fears . 
  otherwise the english in particular will rally even further behind tories ( minus immigrant-laden cities such as london or birmingham ) . 
  but he has plenty of time to do so , right now he is still free to blow his trumpet over his sudden success . 
  he 's going to become whatever will make him more likely to win . 
  and since it 's the uk and you basically need the english votes to win , yes , probably . 
  never understood those stupid and gross initiation rites some foreign student associations have . 
  would never happen here , we just do parties . 
  as in the famous french inventor . 
  german villains usually are . 
  great . 
  now russia can be responsible for every bad thing that happens in that cursed region . 
  meanwhile finland is literally house bolton , up north and love to skin . 
  if that was the case , countries receiving them would n't be so hellbent on offloading them onto others . 
  like a pirate ? 
  oh yeah , i definitely remember that song from my early teens , 
  what 's the song at 6:04 ( parlament ? ) . 
  it sounds so familiar . 
  you wish , the estonian government will sign any migrants related document germany puts in front of us . 
  do n't ask me , i know nothing about rugby . 
  was just surprised they have a united national team because often there is quite a bit of tension between the republic and the north . 
  til the republic of ireland and northern ireland play rugby as a united national team and they do so under [ this flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/irfu_flag.svg ) . 
  now that i think of it , i do n't think we even have pornstars in estonia . 
  if we did , the tabloids would be all over them . 
  i know , congrats !, 
  good luck against spain , i think you have a better chance against them than france . 
  lets just hope pau does n't go into beast mode again . 
  win !, 
  estonia : problem - power through it while complaining and cursing profoundly . 
  how different are czech and slovak ? 
  finnish : only know a few phrases but put a finnish language text in front of me and i 'll probably get the gist of it . 
  russian : understand and can speak it on account of my mother being russian but cyrillic alphabet is n't my strong suit . 
  latvian : very few words and phrases , sveiki etc. 
  so basically , not very well at all . 
  when will she understand the migrants do n't even want the eu ? 
  they are not coming to the eu , they want the select few countries ( mainly germany and sweden ) who facilitated this mass migration with their lax policies , generous benefits and migrant-friendly statements . 
  yeah man , the english breakfast includes delicious bacon so it ca n't be all bad ... oh wait . 
  stalinist party in 2015 , what is this i do n't even ... 
  oh yes please , croatian islands are beautiful . 
  and have funny names like krk .
