  you know half the people in your age group by name and probably went to school with most of them . 
  there are limited options to `` reinvent yourself '' . 
  the main problem is young people , and women in particular , moving away . 
  they are , in turn , partially replaced by people from smaller nearby villages moving in . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find towns like that in every country . 
  there 's an unfortunate surname . 
  people make countries , not the other way around . 
  so , in a manner of speaking , every immigrant in your country does make it less so . 
  that is not to say every immigrant is harmful per se . 
  the question is what exactly constitutes a threat ? 
  kind of mixed feelings on this one . 
  on one hand , he 's a piece of shit in a government i ca n't wait for to collapse , but on the other hand it 's a bullshit reason for forcing someone to resign . 
  or better yet - [ farm children ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oduwv5t9ezc ), 
  son of a. . . / facepalm always gets me . 
  should n't be . 
  i mean , it 's still turkish . 
  you just learn the letters and transliterate , right ? 
  although it does look complicated . 
  is the word order the same ? 
  because here it looks like the first letter in `` turku '' and the second letter in `` yasatsin '' are the same yet the words sound nothing alike . 
  ballpark , what percentage of turks today could read it ? 
  or is it completely dead and it 's only really old people and some language/history students ? 
  surprised pork consumption is n't higher and beef is n't lower . 
  maybe it 's just me . 
  you become greece 2.0 by borrowing excessively , not by having the euro , and you already lost control over your economy by joining the single market . 
  not to mention you do n't actually know who 'll win the eurobasket , unlike the world cup or the olympics . 
  it 's been coming . 
  turks have been pumping serious money into basketball these past years ( by european standards , nowhere near the nba of course ) . 
  syria and israel are mortal enemies . 
  why would they go there ? 
  if i ever become famous , they can hang a sign like that in a lot of places . 
  what 's the proper etiquette for taking a leak while on such boat ? 
  good afternoon peasants ... 
  i mean passengers , this is your king ... 
  i mean your captain speaking . 
  first , i 'd like to welcome you on klm flight ... 
  the 7th grader is a boy ? 
  must be some mom ... 
  i think we used to be top 3 in early 2010s . 
  looks like our constantly rising fascist excise duties are `` working '' . 
  you have a fortune you can spend on restoration and upkeep of a castle in the middle of nowhere ? 
  oh but there are plenty of immigrants in ireland already . 
  a ) one of the wealthiest b ) english language, 
  but if everyone starts making their own sammies , the gazillion delis you have in the city will go out of business and there will be a new recession . 
  ( semi ) / s, 
  youth suicides usually receive more coverage , but i do n't think most suicides are commited by youngsters . 
  men are under much greater pressure to succeed , at everything , and at every age . 
  failing to do so means you 'll be at the bottom of social hierarchy without an exit in sight , well except for one ... 
  yes , fuck is probably better in this context . 
  it 's a very versatile word , just like fuck . 
  whore , where is my beer ? 
  that might benefit the actual economic migrants , but it 's huge lose-lose for eastern europe overall , and the runaway winners are of course the big western corporations . 
  i do n't actually own a tv now , but european shows have always been pretty popular on estonian tv , usually crime or romance ... 
  the bridge , lilyhammer ... 
  or the economic growth , or the government budget deficit ... 
  too old ... 
  i 'll wager there was a brown boy she was eager to please somewhere in the equation , as is usually the case with white female jihad enthusiasts . 
  because kids are a huge burden and signal the end of your youth ? 
  you mean a football thing . 
  you know that 's an impossible choice . 
  i think syria and arab countries in general approach to wealth differently than we do , especially in ppp . 
  we 've had refugee families consisting of a father who was a construction laborer , a mother who is a homemaker and their 4 kids . 
  such family models seem quite common over there . 
  show me an european country where a construction laborer can adequately provide to a family of six ( and counting ) . 
  manufacturing as in manufacturing and everything that comes with it ( engineering design , r&d ) is the only sector that truly matters , that creates wealth . 
  everything else is a bubble or not very profitable . 
  all china does is subcontracting for those big companies . 
  and of course it 's not just manufacturing , foreign banks and retail chains muscling in are also a huge problem . 
  europe ( most european countries anyway ) has a ton of problems mounting , most people just do n't want to see them . 
  `` how old do i look ? '', 
   who can drink , can also work . 
  could be the most german thing i 've ever heard . 
   germans are spending all their time making valuable goods and sending them away from germany . 
  in exchange they receive numbers in their bank accounts which they keep there rather than using to acquire goods and services for themselves . 
  who 's the real winner in that equation ? 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  the fact they produce more than they spend does n't mean their quality of life is somehow lacking . 
  they 're just getting richer and richer as their manufacturing companies prosper , while the rest become poorer and increasingly indebted as their manufacturing crumbles . 
  that is why countries have tariffs , otherwise the big manufacturer will do to them what a supermarket chain does to a small shop . 
  oh come on , how often does that happen ? 
  more like see you again in five years . 
  yup , those 700 years of slavery were totally worth that . 
  who 's keeping you ? 
  why should you be downvoted ? 
  the way i understand it the us have always been about making your own luck . 
  america was never supposed to be a scandinavia-like welfare state , nor indeed could . 
  no contradiction here . 
  an average american is still much wealthier than an average russian , or an european for that matter , it 's just that they have even more billionaires per capita and they 're wealthier than their european counterparts . 
  8 out of 10 top richest people are from the us , only 1 is from europe . 
  and there are loads of poor people in america living in ghettos , trailer parks etc , they just do n't make it to family shows . 
  but they 're french , it 's probably seen as a bonus by both sides . 
  there 's no snow and it 's sunny in tallinn now . 
  this spring has just been unpredictable af . 
  so , you want to tell us more about your teacher crush ? 
  exactly . 
  he has every right to criticize europe for not spending enough , but he 's wrong to think the us are providing germany a service by keeping some of their forces over there . 
  the us are there because of their own interests , i would n't be surprised if most germans actually wanted the american troops gone . 
   also not sure what 's up with the turks and jews . 
  they 're not christian , and as such are surely bound to hell . 
  germany also has an outrageous number of large companies , but as they dominate other european ones , the european average is poor .
