  keyser s\u00f6ze ai n't got shit on those guys . 
  liechtenstein is 160 km ^ 2 big . 
  technically , one could fit a few small towns in there . 
  that 's just labels on packaging . 
  do n't brits mostly use pounds and ounces anyway ? 
  do n't care about strip clubs , but this is one of the reasons i 've been wholeheartedly against these idiotic troop deployments . 
  sure , lets add another few thousand foreign men . 
  like the nightlife here does n't suck enough already . 
  russian fake news or not , some shit will happen . 
  that 's not a very gender-neutral coat of arms you got there , sweden . 
  i have no comments regarding the pigeon . 
  that was probably less of a worry during times before artillery . 
  googled almere , but did n't find one right away . 
  would love to see one , or better yet , a sped up video showing a city being built from scratch . 
  is there like a gallery of progression ? 
  the question is , would you trade it for trump tower and fucking donald trump ? 
  it 's tough to annoy finns . 
  you can throw pretty much any insult at a finn , they 'll just pause for a while and say `` yes '' . 
  forget tanks even . 
  what about the ludicrous amounts of ammo and other supplies the so-called separatists still have in 2017 ? 
  turns out donbass miners and shopkeepers were better prepared for war than most countries . 
  denmark was running low after flying a few sorties in libya . 
  inb4 merkel cleavage pic, 
  also , you people simply would n't feel right being * above * the water level . 
  why ? 
  it ca n't be in order to ease shipping , there are bridges just a little bit further . 
  he also gave a ( blue coloured ? ), 
  tigr to someone , if memory serves . 
  this is why our militaries love the d-30 , it 's simple idiot gun you can trust the conscripted peasants with . 
  he is back in russia and has been for quite some time now . 
  good riddance . 
  he was easily the most infamous field commander they had left . 
  as bad as the shelling in residential areas is , an actual ending to the war would be much better than this slow burning war , and by the looks of things , ukraine might actually wrap it up now . 
  that , or we 'll see a new large influx of russian soldiers on vacations coming in soon . 
  and how many of them would fight russia for the sovereignty of belarus ? 
  belarus is so assimilated it 's practically a non-state . 
  that being said , as long as lukashenko is alive , i doubt anything will happen . 
  however after he 's gone , a quick annexation is very much on the table . 
  nothing would change for the better . 
  other than china and maybe russia thanking you for giving up a lucrative market , that is . 
  they also produce some stomatologic equipment . 
  i imagine this counts as high-tech . 
  what 's the definition of high-tech here ? 
  anything related to computers and machines ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  many of them were the same ships as well . 
  the ships that escaped french algeria went to toulon . 
  even with a full mag they probably keep the chamber empty and the safety on , plenty of time for the attacker to stab you if they 're standing right next to you and suddenly pull a knife . 
  no , it 's not a stereotype or a joke . 
  i just really like tarhun and it 's probably the only georgian thing in my life . 
  however : reunified cyprus !, 
  they have free energy from the volcanoes , lots of fish in the ocean and banks who take your money and keep it . 
  take britain out of the equation and germany would 've had a decent chance at winning , and that 'd be a whole new bag of `` what ifs '' . 
  in hindsight the us would 've passed everyone either way . 
   2 % of the population of the united kingdom died ~ ~ for peace in europe ~ ~ for nothing 2 % of the population of the united kingdom died to stop germany from challenging their position on the world stage . 
  or shoot them behind some army barracks . 
  that 's much more modern . 
  it was a joke . 
  just disband the whole thing and return under the rightful rule of king michael i. 
  as long as they control the border with russia this can go on forever . 
  what you do is you pop down the shop quickly , buy a pineapple and put it on a leash like hers . 
  then you approach her : `` oh , you 've got one too ... '' then you set up a play date for your pineapples and before you know it you 've got a girlfriend who is nuts . 
  on the upside : no earthquakes, 
  mister glasgow cabbie , we salute you . 
   turkish tv journalists flew to the islet in a helicopter and raised a turkish flag , bringing down the greek one , the whole event being broadcast live on turkish television . 
  within 24 hours , the greek navy changed the flag ( on 30 january ) , resulting in an exchange of fierce statements my sides ... 
  would they be taking the tube , though ? 
  greater exposure to bigger and wealthier countries is how you become a periphery . 
  we allowed foreign capital to muscle in and buy up everything at cut-rate prices unchallenged . 
  the result is local companies struggle to compete even on domestic market , let alone saturated western ones where we 're not welcome at . 
  we let foreign ( mostly swedish ) banks seize control of our finances who charge us ridiculously for everything and do shit like invest our pension funds in sweden at harmful rates . 
  open borders which mean we 're contantly bled for specialists and young women . 
  our taxpayers pay for education of more doctors than the country needs yet our hospitals are perpetually understaffed . 
  meanwhile we 've gone from having a roughly equal number of men and women in late 20s to early 30s ( family starting age group ) to having 110 men for every 100 women in a decade . 
  that 's teetering on a demographic collapse . 
  i could go on all day ... 
  the eu would work much better with migration caps , greatly reduced subsidies and partial return to bilateral trade agreements instead of a common market . 
  too much `` freedom '' and it starts wrecking serious havoc on different social and economic aspects of different member states . 
  shit like brexit and the greek crisis could 've been avoided by not having too much freedom . 
  i 'm not entirely sure they are . 
  the new administration is more open about being self-serving than the previous ones . 
  that is all . 
  we 're open and connected to the `` heart of europe '' as it is , too much to my mind in fact , and suffering greatly because of it . 
   autonomous nation of anarchist libertarians , known as anal ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   xi jinping visits europe all the time and no one protests because no one cares . 
  because no one really knows much about china . 
  i bet most europeans do n't even know who the president of china is . 
  meanwhile the us and big bad trump are on the news 24/7 . 
  and i 'm yet to be convinced we even need this . 
  good thing they only war emus . 
  i do n't know how accurate these figures are but living with parents we did waste a lot of food . 
  basically : mom makes too much food  leave leftover in the fridge for a couple of days  decide leftovers have become disgusting  bin . 
  living on my own : there is never any food in the fridge . 
  whenever i buy something i eat it straight away and it 's gone . 
  the three lions are fairly common as a symbol ( england national team for example ) and originated , like so many other things , from ancient rome . 
  personally i 'm not a huge fan of it . 
  i think we should 've adopted a new one when we became independent . 
  this reminds me , i visited this expo at the city archives once , and there were these alternative designs proposed in the early 1920s that did n't win . 
  one of them featured a classic estonian wooden beer mug . 
  i really wish they had chosen that one , it would 've encapsulated our fine nation perfectly .
