  2 ) the far right who probably would deal with the illegals but are more often than not otherwise retarded ( ultra-protectionist , anti-lgbt ) . 
  and of course ... 3 ) britain `` we 're an island , let the fuckers pile up in calais . '', 
  african countries , the ones where the `` refugees '' are from anyway . 
  given the fact their population is doubling every 20 years or so , it 's not the case there either . 
  no it has not . 
  the opposite is true over here . 
  birth rates here have gone up after mass slaughter or before that , things such as the plague because there was a need for more population and there was room for it . 
  during hardship or poverty , the birth rates would plummet . 
  most recent example would be after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  birth rates throughout eastern europe plummeted and only started improving as we worked ourselves up and rebuilt our economies . 
  on the other hand , the post-socialist central asian countries kept on having children as if nothing had happened and what little was left of their socio-economic system collapsed entirely . 
  and as a result , for people from central asia today , even russia seems like a desirable place to live in and hundreds of thousands of them work there illegally for next to nothing . 
  and i sure as hell was n't born into wealth . 
  i have everything i need and i make the most of it but i 'm not by any means rich . 
  germany and japan are such export juggernauts losing a few million domestic consumers over the course of the few decades will hardly effect them at all . 
  does sound like the male counterpart of the infamous blue waffle . 
  it 's wrong to blame africans for actions of their ancestors but it 's perfectly fine to blame the west for theirs . 
  the west conquered a continent of half-naked people running around with spears in as late as 19th century , that 's the state they were in . 
  europe exploited them ( like any occupying power ever has done throughout history ) but they also left them with a sustainable population , adequate education for their local elites , basic infrastructure and means to extract/harvest their resources . 
  [ the insane birth rates ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vbqjqc7.png ) and no sense of foresight that followed are not europe 's fault . 
  it 's theirs . 
  with every new generation being no different than the previous . 
  people who keep on having 6-8 children despite being unable to provide for themselves and knowing there are no schools or doctors , much less jobs for their children in the future disgust me to the core . 
  my own country was conquered by the crusaders in early 13th century and suffered from every hardship imaginable over the course of the next 600 years and more some . 
  and yet we never , ever , stooped to such level of decrepitness . 
  there are some black/mixed people here . 
  latvia sent a local black girl to eurovision just the other week , i could name you several such people in estonia too . 
  however the key word here is some . 
  how are the belgian born muslims sharing your culture and values or benefiting the country ? 
  yesterday there was a post how a belgian school denied 30 muslim girls to enter a school for wearing long skirts . 
  tolerance my arse . 
  not wanting hordes of people who have made their own countries insufferable is not racism , it 's common sense . 
   falklands are connected to argentina has the royal navy been alerted yet ? 
  to be fair , they have ample experience on how it is like living in the middle of major muslim countries . 
  it 's almost as if money * can * buy happiness ... 
  it does . 
  the word has a few homonyms , depending on context * sai * can mean `` white bread '' , `` received '' , `` became '' or `` got '' . 
  etymology can be a source of constant surprises and fascination . 
  anything adriatic really . 
  i think their weather is the best ( on average ) and the adriatic sea is amazing . 
  there are lots of beautiful beaches with clubs , bars and cafes etc in coastal towns . 
  the nature is great too and suitable for biking trips/backpacking . 
  italy and croatia would be the more obvious choices but smaller towns such as budva and kotor in montenegro can be great too . 
  a thing to remember though is people there tend to speak english less than they do in northern europe , so do n't expect every person to understand you . 
  nothing beats cook islands and . co.ck, 
   sextillion i like the sound of that . 
  this will be my new favourite number . 
  do n't make it sound like western europe razed some thriving cultural and economic powerhouses . 
  africa was continent of half-naked people running around with spears in as late as 19th century for god 's sake . 
  that 's how even small countries such as belgium managed to conquer vast territories . 
  europe might have exploited africa but they also left it with a sustainable population , adequate education for the local elite , basic infrastructure and means to extract/harvest their resources . 
  [ what followed is not europe 's fault ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vbqjqc7.png ) . 
  meh , twitter comments are just a step from up from youtube . 
  how is the city doing ? 
  does it sustain itself or does it get subsidies ? 
  is the city doing well thanks to immigrants or despite them because of older local german industry ? 
  also :  more than half of the city 's population have a non-german background , with turks , former yugoslavs , arabs , italians , greeks and poles as major groups . 
  so other europeans and some arabs . 
  got anything with over 50 % sub-saharan africans ? 
  i know , we 're all supposed to be egalitarian here but come on ... 
  anyway , i 'll take your over 50 % and raise you [ narva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva ) in estonia with just 3-4 % of population being estonians . 
  it actually used to be lovely town but got destroyed in wwii , estonians got wiped out and the town was repopulated with russians . 
  narva today has some of the worst crime , drug use and hiv stats in all of the eu but it still is n't a complete cesspool or a post apocalyptic warzone like you put in . 
  one can still live there but is having more towns like that really something we should encourage ? 
   gambia you have activated my trap card , the white guilt !, 
  latvia has colonial past and thus will have to take in all the [ gambian migrants ] ( http://standard.gm/site/news/6921-gambia-leads-migrant-arrivals-italy-this-year.html ) . 
  [ you mean the danes , surely . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7a/copenhagen_-_the_little_mermaid_statue_-_2013.jpg ), 
  not 100 % sure but most likely it comes from * saajaleib * . 
  * saaja * means `` a person who receives ( something ) '' and * leib * , as you know , means bread . 
  so * saajaleib * is the bread someone receives . 
  white bread is softer and sweeter and back in the old days people would usually only bake it for celebrations , often to be given as a gift , hence the bread someone receives . 
  somewhere in the early 17th century the * leib * was dropped and white bread simply became known as * sai * . 
  * sai * also found it 's way to the ingrian , livonian and votic languages but those are all pretty much dead now . 
  figures , `` baton '' literally just means a stick . 
  yeah , should 've linked it myself . 
  this film is the best thing to come out of poland since pierogi . 
  obviously it had to be the poles . 
  if you have a language where names such as grzegorz brzeczyszczykiewicz are considered normal , cracking the enigma code is easy . 
  harry kane to the rescue !, 
  if the current trend continues , poland will certainly have the largest and most capable conventional army in the eu . 
  the uk/france will still have bigger navies because poland does n't have much of a use for a large navy operating in rather confined and small baltic sea and obviously , nukes . 
  i liked german . 
  unfortunately , i 've forgotten most of what i learned in school due to lack of practice . 
  kebab tastes very good ( vegetarian europeans might disagree but nobody cares ) . 
  `` florida man drinks melted ice water , saves state . '', 
  afaik there nothing official about any country yet but even the pm stated that the current numbers are too high . 
  the media can try their hardest to convince the population having tons of africans is actually a good thing but we all know it will just make the people angrier and unless the current coalition parties really want to lose the next elections to ekre , they 'll have to try their hardest to come up with an acceptable solution . 
  well that 's just absolutely demonstrably fine . 
  they should n't be able to claim asylum coming from ukraine ( maybe if they 're from crimea ) . 
  the fighting there is limited to just the two most eastern provinces , plenty of safety elsewhere . 
  normal legal immigration is a different matter , ukrainians are educated and hard-working . 
  if there is work for them , they should be accepted . 
  although given ukraine 's already shrinking population , i 'm not sure how long this can go on before it starts hurting their economy . 
  noone would benefit from that . 
  pretty sure the post your talking about was about estonia not latvia and refugees . 
  and we refused the absurd quota system , not taking some , which we already do . 
  an average baltic emigrant is a young female , refugees are young males from very different cultures with no valuable skills . 
  they would only make matters worse . 
  [ we are not .
