  yup , paper tiger by definition . 
  if i 'd ever find a train full of gold , i would n't tell anyone there 's gold either . 
  now you know why america always wears those sunglasses on polandball , got to hide them stoner 's eyes . 
  p\u00e4rnu when it 's summer , tartu when it 's not . 
  unless you really like smalltowns . 
  it should be noted i have never done this myself but i try to corrupt those around me . 
  first and foremost , the creditors are interested in getting their money , not dealing with the refugees . 
  those are two entirely different matters which do n't converge . 
  second , the migrants did n't spend thousands of euros to get to greece . 
  they spent it on a promise of a good life in germany/sweden . 
  greece does n't want them and never did anything to attract them and they do n't see greece as anything but a stepping stone . 
  even if by some miracle such an agreement was somehow reached , how long before greece collapses into a hellhole under the weight of arriving millions who do n't want to be there ? 
  or you can wake up slightly later , go down , throw away the towel and move the lounger to a different location . 
  not in that particular study group it appears but it 's not surprising . 
  uni 's are becoming more and more like the united nations and these study groups can be pretty small , especially if they are working on something very specific . 
  this serves as a good lesson to our universities who are overly eager about importing `` top talent '' from across the world , usually from `` more diverse cultures '' . 
  guess what , these people often do n't get along with each other either . 
  yup , we finally got some snow here too, 
  love me some female scottish accent . 
  yes , sorry !, 
  serbian fm , not lithuanian pm then . 
  it is hilarious , though . 
  meant to commemorate shakespeare , features yorick . 
  was he the one who had his speech in english written as you would pronounce it in lithuanian ? 
  in an unusual fashion , i think our leaders are actually better suited for speaking to a foreign audience than local . 
  president [ toomas hendrik ilves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3x6mowtyes ) - this should n't really come as a surprise since ilves actually grew up in the us . 
  he 's also a former journalist so his speeches were usually ok at least . 
  i 'm saying were because lately he seems simultaneously tired ( he 's currently on his 10th and last year of his tenure ) and bored in his limited capacity as a president in a parliamentary state . 
  prime minister [ taavi r\u00f5ivas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xog0o3nmcyq ) - he is a young ( 36 years old ) career politician and it tells . 
  usually clean cut and on point , he can leave a positive impression to a foreign audience but his local speeches often come off as unconvincing pep talks . 
  i 'm saying the ones commited by natives were unavoidable , others not . 
  thing is all of those were caused by local native european historical/political/ethnic / independence movement/etc strifes and were mostly unavoidale . 
  and all of those have been pretty much resolved or quieted down by now . 
  the violence today is purely imported and should never be happening in europe in the first place . 
  this is like saying : `` hey , we used to have world wars so in perspective , everything is fine . '', 
  no it is n't . 
  40 adult buffalos , yes . 
  1st one , a girl trying to mount a police car is gold too . 
  i see nothing wrong . 
  i feel like i might be the only person who has n't actually seen the thing . 
   the french custom of burning cars \u0ca0_\u0ca0 what a great new tradition . 
  iraq war did not cause the arab spring , the rapidly growing numbers of disenfranchised people there is the root cause of all these conflicts and uprisings . 
  but your statement is one of the reasons why europe should n't be intervening in any way other than providing the most basic humanitarian aid . 
  so that people like you could n't go : `` hurrdurr it 's the west 's fault '' every time something goes tits up in that region . 
  who has school on 1 january ? 
  more ass men than russians in estonia apparently . 
   most googled person in estonia : kim kardashian fatherland , i am disappoint genuinely no idea who my most googled person could be . 
  possibly even myself . 
  that 's when you get babes in red lingerie and santa hats for a present , right ? 
  authoritarian *, 
  just some tourists getting lost . 
  means we 'll probably get it soon . 
  or is it somewhere up north ? 
  bloody unpatriotic czech . 
  surely the latter . 
  a german-speaking swiss person only speaks german as his native language , the french and italian would be foreign languages for him even though they are official languages of the state . 
  romansh is a pretty obscure language , i doubt many swiss people speak it . 
  there are more albanian , serbian etc speakers in switserland than there are romansh speakers . 
  just buy online ? 
  not as common as vending machines but yes . 
  and usually indoors like public bathrooms , youth centers . 
  happened in france too . 
  title of the year nomination right there . 
  eu would work just fine if it dialed back a bit . 
  lesser budget , less useless projects , less subsidies , less cases of bigger memberstates steamrolling over interests of smaller ones etc. 
  it 's called adrenaline . 
  and it 's free , just have a bunch crazies shoot at you . 
  no it wo n't . 
  some will move to other high income countries with large healthcare sectors like switzerland or some of the foreign ones will return to their home countries once their wages will be driven down or belgium will realise they actually do need more doctors because of all the immigrants etc. 
  one way or another , this issue will sort itself out . 
  qualified doctors not finding work has never happened before . 
  the night watch is actually my desktop picture . 
  losing hope . 
  happened in ireland , basque country , chechnya - independence movement turns bloody , no progress , no end in sight , the more pragmatic leaders die/get killed/assassinated , frustration grows - turn to extremism . 
  is there an official and verified death toll of the turkish-kurdish conflict since it escalated in ... late 2014 i think ? 
  ( both sides , turkish territory only ) because it seems like it could be a lot by now . 
  got to teach them while they 're young . 
  ps : what is a r\u00f6lli ? 
  a bum forest troll of some kind ? 
  any bombing where targets include residential areas will almost certainly result in some civilian casualties . 
  that much should be common knowledge . 
  does n't matter if it 's the us in iraq/afghanistan , israel in gaza or russia in syria . 
  it 's not popular to talk about it but once such orders are issued it 's only a question of how many , not if . 
  in words of my loving father : needing someone to shovel snow is the reason i had children . 
  somewhat less tolerant if we start calling them mudmen or something like that . 
  live journo127 said , having lots of money to throw at these problems always helps to ease or mask them . 
  but the us is still rife with ethinc tensions . 
  how many race riots , let alone stuff like `` black lives matter '' did they have this year alone ? 
  minority majority places like baltimore or detroit often do n't look like they belong to the first world either . 
  brazil much worse , favela towns in places like bahia can be a stuff of nightmares . 
  it 's got more to do with losing all their eastern territories with belarusians , ukrainians and lithuanians and then driving the germans out of the newly aquired western parts after the wwii than jews . 
  this house is a gift that keeps on giving . 
  i think i want to live there . 
  polandball material for `` greece is a wise spender '' . 
  i 'm from estonia and since there 's about 8 of us i grew up within a walking distance of my university , so not a whole lot of change . 
  you do lose touch with your high school classmates rather quick . 
  i see what you mean , looked better on the photo . 
  everyone . 
  i reckon it 's much more difficult for polish father to dress up as little baby jesus than santa . 
  well this might become an issue .
