  yes . 
  this is one of the reasons why i 'm against african and middle-eastern immigration . 
  school segregation is wrong but so is being bullied by teenage immigrant thugs , held back in class because minority students are usually slower and having to brace for shitstorm every time pork is served at the school cafeteria or christmas party comes around . 
  i can understand why parents of white children would want segregation . 
  best way to solve a problem is to avoid it . 
  it 's called proxy war/fighting . 
  number 8 can draw hands pretty well , i 'm jealous . 
  also it looks like most serbian citizens ca n't decide which alphabet to use . 
  his kind yet near-deadpan delivery makes it so much better . 
  there is no need for such accessories , a proper roundhouse kick will suffice . 
  last year estonia passed a law recognizing gay partnerships ( but not marriage ) . 
  unfortunately it brought all the homophobes out of the woodwork and generated a very heated debate , if you can call it that . 
  result ? 
  this year , for the first time ever , our only real right-wing party managed to pass the 5 % threshold and get 7 seats in the parliament out of 101 . 
  if it was up to me , i 'd legalise same-sex marriage today but it seems to me that as a nation we are not ready for this yet . 
  as for a referendum , honestly , i have no idea what the results would be if we had one now . 
  oh come on . 
  it 's the friendly kind of slap on the cheek , like the kind you give to a child or if you 're italian . 
  why thank you , good sir . 
  this is exactly what i was looking for . 
  literally what the jihadists are doing . 
  also probably some laws about discharging a firearm within city limits . 
  seriously though , baltic cities seem to be overrun with wildlife all of a sudden . 
  i saw a rabbit in my parking lot just two days ago . 
  how many of those immigrants/emigrants are british citizens ? 
  over here , most of our immigrants are actually estonian citizens moving back and forth . 
  i do n't know about britain but imagine there to be quite a lot of britons living between the uk and usa/canada/eu / rest of the world . 
  likewise non-british citizens , especially the eu ones , often tend to return to their home countries . 
  these statistics would provide a much better overview if they were to omit the british citizens . 
  now where is the hemingway of our time ? 
  so he 's not an ethnic norwegian then ? 
  either way , i must say i question the wisdom of his actions . 
  i was stumped at `` welfare and diversity officer '' . 
  what the hell is that ? 
  [ hungarian economic growth has indeed been slow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union#economic_growth ) . 
  between 2005 and 2014 , hungarian economy grew just 9.3 % , whereas the other eastern enlargement member states grew 21.5-38 .7 % and hungary went from being the second richest ( after czech republic ) to one of the poorest . 
  i 'm not quite sure what is the cause of this . 
  i know they tend to elect some rather populist politicians but politicians alone can not hold a country back that much . 
  which is why every pps statistic should be approached with a healthy dose of skepticism . 
  [ meanwhile the non-eu immigrants have cost britain a whopping # 118 billions ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11210687/immigration-the-real-cost-to-britain.html ) . 
  something is very off balance here . 
  yay , more work for us wikipedians !, 
  no , it 's spanish-speakers laughing . 
  for the same reasons the said countries never joined earlier . 
  the cons of following eu rules and regulations involving fishing , banking and oil drilling ( all major parts of their economies ) outweigh the pros . 
  it 's because of all the drug addicts , not homosexuals . 
  russia has a ton of addicts , especially among the disenfranchised people living in soviet-era monotowns . 
  same in estonia , unfortunately , where there are a lot of ethnic russians in towns like [ narva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva ) . 
  also russia produces a vast amount of absolutely horrid synthetic drugs . 
  there is not enough homosexuals anywhere in the world to bring up the numbers of hiv infected by this much . 
  levski had ** a lot ** of fans in germany back in the 1930s and 40s . 
  unless you intend on keeping it in piss-poor conditions in which case you risk it getting sick and dying , quite a lot . 
  that 's what i was going to say . 
  you can buy a used car for a few hundred euros , keeping a horse will cost you a lot more . 
  there are hardly any lybians among the refugees . 
  some authors used gypsy travellers as an archetype of true free spirits , unwilling to be confined in the yoke of baltic german nobility and russian monarchy . 
  gypsies were never slaves , owned no land , paid no taxes , did n't serve in anyones army etc. 
  basically the ultimate freedom lovers from a poet 's pov . 
  technically romania is post-socialist , not soviet since they were never actually a part of the soviet union . 
  the difference would be that despite being * de facto * ruled by russia , they still managed to maintain somewhat of an independent economy and did n't get flooded by hordes of russian migrants . 
  anyway , this was just a jokey polandball comic . 
  thought it 'd be fitting because of how crossed romanians get when someone thinks they 're roma . 
  [ romania sets things straight ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hwecarb.png ) . 
   i belive that for 90 % of them it was quite clear what `` going to work '' really meant ... back in the 90s when everyone was poor and naive about the west , this might 've been the case . 
  today probably much less so or you 'd have to be really thick . 
  19th and early 20th century estonian romantic nationalist writers . 
  who exactly are transnistrian militia ? 
  sheriff 's version of `` little green men '' or are they finished now ? 
  i 'm curious about this united brotherhood , i did n't even know finland had organized crime other than some bikers . 
  2010 so they 're a very new outfit , any good sources about them ? 
  ( in english ), 
  media follows it like it 's the event of the day/week , so you 'd have to live under a rock to not know when it 's on . 
  other than that i believe it used to be more popular like a decade ago but some people still care . 
  women certainly watch it more than men . 
  we all did . 
  and we were all a little disappionted it was n't . 
  our 's is the only one i 've heard so far . 
  it 's ok imo , would n't press skip if it came up but i doubt it 's winning material . 
  if people here think it might win , i gather the competition sucks . 
  in other words , hungary loses over 7 % of it 's air force . 
  this is bad . 
  not sure who from estonia would fit here . 
  basically we have various ethnic russian centered groups , generally described as far left and label themselves as `` anti-fascist '' or `` human rights '' groups but really they 're just pro-russia ( meaning the so-called human rights ' activists are also diehard homophobes for example ) . 
  they 're not very big because most russians have understood small radical groups will never make much of an impact . 
  as far as political parties go we have a estonian united left party which is based on the remnants of the old soviet communist party . 
  they are a joke and get like 0.1 % votes top . 
  excuse me ? 
  what kind of stuff ? 
  obviously the truth is somewhere inbetween . 
  while the anti-immigration groups love to emphasize on these statistics too much , this article also tries too hard to ` debunk ' them . 
  while it is possible swedish women are somewhat more forthcoming about reporting rape this alone can not explain the huge discrepancy between sweden and other western nations . 
  it 's not like rape is such a major taboo everywhere else but sweden . 
  drawing parallels between rape and murder is also unwarranted since people commiting these crimes are driven by different socio-economic motives . 
  rape is motivated most and foremost by sexual frustration , whereas murders are commited for a wide range of reasons ( gangs and organized crime powerstruggles , personal feuds , cross-ethnic conflicts , poverty , domestic abuse ) . 
  depending on country and culture there can be very little correlation between the two . 
  100 % pro-gay rights ( marriage , adoption ) and know a few people who are gay/bi-sexual . 
  however , a straight male , i ca n't help but to wonder sometimes how someone could look at a female and think `` ugh , do n't want any of that '' . 
  they just look so much better than us guys ... 
  goes to show how different we all are . 
  fyi , poland recently purchased over 100 leopard tanks too .
