  by those interested in politics and history , yes . 
  average joes ? 
  less so . 
  or it will be something simple like : obama ? 
  uhm , yeah , he was the first black president of the us . 
  what did he do ? 
  hurrdurr idk ... 
  it 's czech republic ... 
  it 's impossible to predict anything now . 
  the conflict is n't even over yet and we still do n't know how it 'll be resolved . 
  once the country is stable and has recorded growth for a couple of years , we can start estimating their progress . 
  also , i 'd be careful with the eu if i was in their shoes . 
  saudis in audis making a mess . 
   uninteresting ones like spain are you kidding me ? 
  tourism is massive in barcelona . 
  it 's also home to fc barcelona which is followed by loads of africans and middle-easterners . 
  perhaps not real crises but problems : * the slow economic growth and a prospect of a downturn because of the economic downturn in finland . 
  * the russians . 
  as always . 
  this problem never really goes away and just festers . 
  * less social cohesion and the growing gap between the ruling/media elites and the people . 
   borrowing money in order to support the colonization of their own country . 
  that 's ~ ~ heavy ~ ~ tolerant . 
  whoops , when i said the arabs and africans have it even worse , i meant the ones living in the middle-east and africa . 
  what drives the is movement ? 
  it 's not islam per se . 
  if you read about all these western europe born is fighters especially , you 'll see they did n't spend their youth studying the quran . 
  they spent it dealing drugs , mugging people and dreaming of rap careers . 
  almost all of them have criminal records . 
  they then grew up and realized their wealthy gangsta life dreams are never going to happen . 
  the ones living in the middle-east and africa have it even worse . 
  they also have polygamy , meaning that while the rich men have several wives , a greater number of poor are left without any options at all . 
  fathers guard their daughters like hawks , so if you 're a poor male with a low social status , expect to be a virgin well into your 20s . 
  the sexual frustration there is as real as the economic one , hence all the rapey refugees in europe . 
  the society is also extremely patriarchal and while daughters are treated as a commodity who can be married off to wealthy men , the sons are basically just thrown to the streets to fend for themselves . 
  there they become disenfranchised and an easy prey for radical muslim clerics who tell them they can join the god 's army , become holy warriors and just take what they want from the society that has wronged them so much . 
  it 's poverty and the lack of purpose and hope that drives so many muslims towards movements such as the is . 
  purpose and hope europe ca n't give them . 
  in reality , any muslim refugee can easily become a violent radical if europe does n't meet their expectations . 
  which is why i ca n't help but to see them as damaged goods . 
   right , that makes sense . 
  it 's cool . 
   wow , nice amount of downvotes i got !, 
  was n't me \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  so now russia is even more pc than sweden and does n't report on crimes commited by muslims ? 
  i googled the incident in your link . 
  apparently a russian mob attacked a migrant-operated market after a muslim guy killed a russian . 
  the said market was well known as a place where immigrant gangs congregated and was a long-standing source of grievances . 
  so basically the murder was just a spark that lit the powder keg . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i see little in common between these two incidents other than the perp being muslim . 
  this time there is no muslim market or any other community to attack , the woman was alone and walking near a metro . 
  besides , i imagine any russian with an access to social media has probably learned about the child decapitation story by now and the government media being silent will probably just piss off the ones looking to stir some shit up further . 
  i 'm pretty sure he means they did n't really flee anything if they are buying tickets to return home . 
  does n't make sense . 
  it was a very gruesome story , certainly newsworthy . 
  and what is there to gain by obscuring it ? 
  it 's not like it made putin & co look bad or anything . 
   the channels themselves decided to not show crazy people meanwhile that lunatic zhirinovsky is on every second time i check russian tv . 
  you can also pad the seat with toilet paper . 
  does n't happen to me . 
  the german poop shelf was very much a mistery for me as well ... 
  second safest ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  crime index and general safety can be perceived in several ways , though . 
  i know for example that while improving on yearly basis , estonia still does poorly in terms of murders per capita . 
  however , those are pretty much limited to underclass drunks killing their drinking buddies or spouses and the russian ghettos . 
  if you avoid those , it 's very unlikely you 'd get stabbed , much less gunned down in a random attack . 
  so is it `` safe '' or not ? 
   loan of 1 billion euros that 's the most worrying part . 
  back in it 's heyday , nokia employed 1-2 % of finland but paid over a quarter of income tax . 
  one way or another , the entire nation rode on nokia 's success . 
  those days are now over and finland has to start cutting back on it 's social spending . 
  however , the people have gotten used to the good life and because finland 's credit rating is still great it 's soooo tempting to just borrow the money and let the party go on . 
  it wo n't happen tomorrow or the day after but unless they 'll shape up , finland might actually end up like greece , as odd as it sounds . 
  i know , i 've read \u0160vejk in estonian but i 'm usually pretty good at guessing slavic words . 
  and so they 've killed our ferdinand ? 
  that 's a cool german-balkan name . 
  and yes , probably him . 
  right age group anyway . 
  all this racing is an expensive hobby so unless you were * very * good and had some sort of a sponsorship deal , most of the drivers were rich kids . 
  not many actual royalties though . 
  a relative of mine used to race karts against some habsburg prince as a teenager . 
  as opposed to having political parties pandering to their corporate backers decide for you . 
  please bite me and give me eternal life and youth ? 
   note that this article points out that during the period of the report , the uk-born population itself was also a black hole because the uk born include all the children and the elderly who need to be provided for . 
  migrants , both eu and non-eu , are mostly young working age people . 
  if anything it 'd be cheaper for the us to keep troops in the baltics than germany . 
  second , the media makes it sound like it 's the cold war 2 but in reality we 're talking about a brigade or maybe a few brigade sized units spread incredibly thin . 
  these expenses do n't even register given the size of american warmachine . 
  we also do actually pay for having the allied troops here . 
  in estonia it 's like $ 40m now . 
  not much but even that money could be spent better on forces that are actually our own . 
  not to mention , the greater us-baltic cooperation has led to an increase of arms sales . 
  we 've bought javelin missiles and are currently eyeing tow . 
  latvia and lithuania have bought stuff too . 
  so that 's another way how we pay . 
  i absolutely do n't want american troops in estonia and i like the yanks more than most european countries . 
  more joint exercises ? 
  sure . 
  permanent deployment ?
