  in 2100 , the british are pissed they 're no longer an island . 
  geographically impaired . 
   looks at flair are you sure you 're not british ? 
  betrayed by pizza . 
  speak softly and carry a big ~ ~ stick ~ ~ dick . 
  i take it this will be used as a defence in court : `` see , he did n't go through with it , this proves he 's a good , misguided , person . '', 
  import from the us , france and netherlands , export fuck all . 
  turklife is a fun surname . 
  finally we will have a good migrant source country !, 
  but seriously , it 's not that big of a difference . 
  iceland is a lot more isolated than the rest . 
  it 's a small island , far away from everyone else , so it 's not as economically viable for import/export business . 
  there is only one race , the lobster race !, 
  is one of them really tall or are the other two really short ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  you can choose to believe some concerned citizens in donetsk and slovyansk just happened to have hundreds of matching fatigues , thousands of assault rifles and machine guns with seemingly endless amount of ammo , advanced anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles with men trained enough to down more than 10 ukrainian helicopters and aircraft within a few days and general tactics to take on a regular army , or you do n't . 
  the is are a ragtag militia compared to them . 
  they 're pretty loose with the term right-wing populism here , tbh . 
  it 's difficult to put ukip in the same league with fp\u00d6 or jobbik for example . 
   my favourite is the svp in switzerland . 
  their logo makes you think they should be a discount supermarket , or something you find on a sack of locally grown potatoes . 
  that 's exactly what it looks like . 
  personally , i would n't mind less us presence in europe . 
  hell , it might even make european leaders less complacent in their defence policies . 
  and it 's not like this would mean the bridges are burnt , the us and europe would still remain close allies and should the need come , the us could still come help . 
  no need to keep tens of thousands of soldiers in germany at all times for that . 
  however i also think ranting about the cost of keeping troops in europe is greatly exaggerated and blown out of proportion given how much the us spend in total . 
  the us defence budget is over 600 billions usd , [ the troops in germany cost 4 billion , apparently ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/tomrogan/100272083/why-obama-should-withdraw-the-us-military-from-germany ) . 
  hardly the expense driving the us into the poor house , would n't you agree ? 
  you spend more on aid to dodgy and at times openly antagonistic countries . 
  besides , keeping those troops somewhere else would cost money too . 
  ps : your soccer team would also take a hit, 
  it 's both . 
  europe would continue to buy some weapons that do n't have real non-us alternatives but it 's very naive to think most arms deals are n't politically motivated . 
  i 'll use my own country as an example . 
  because of the shit in ukraine and growing russian jingoism in general , we 've been hosting some us troops in estonia too . 
  a small rotated company-sized unit , a tiny spec given the size of the us armed forces . 
  up until then we 've never actually bought arms straight from the us but now , suddenly we 're buying javelins and eyeing more stuff . 
  same goes for latvia and lithuania . 
  should the us move out of europe , europe would start concentrating more on their own production and the us sales would take a considerable hit . 
  greater cooperation always leads to more trade between the partners and such trade always favours the bigger player . 
  disproportionate amount on military * the us forces in europe serve us own interests most and foremost , defending europe is very much a secondary function . 
  in turn , the us also benefit from arms sales to europe . 
  to put things into perspective we need three figures : * total us defence budget * the amount of money spent on forces in europe * profit from arms sales to europe i do n't have those figures off hand but somehow i doubt they 'd reveal the us getting the short end of the stick . 
  [ estonia : 117 ] ( http://pub.stat.ee/px-web.2001/dialog/varval.asp?ma=pc0428&amp;ti=population+by+ethnic+nationality%2c+sex+and+place+of+residence%2c+31+december+2011&amp;path=../i_databas/population_census/phc2011/01demographic_and_ethno_cultural_characteristics/04ethnic_nationality_languages_dialects/&amp;lang=1 ) ( according to 2011 census ), 
  they are still useful when you 're fighting a conventional army and not insurgents who leave ieds and hide in the mountains . 
  however the cost-effectiveness and cost-usefulness of a tracked ifv has been called into question before . 
  for example , france famously lacks a modern tracked ifv and relies on high mobility 4x4 and 8x8 vehicles . 
  nevertheless , a wheeled vehicle will never fully match a tracked one in terms of mobility and what works for france might not work for poland due to different terrain . 
  bleh , fyi tom of finland was n't even a real tom . 
  his name was touko . 
  whereas i happen to be the real deal ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  or at the very least , shit on . 
  oddly enough , being left handed used to be considered a mental disorder in some parts of the world . 
  but let 's not get bogged down in semantics , because then everyone can be found different or abnormal in one way or another . 
  an abnormality i referred to or a disorder implies impaired function in society and if homosexuality was widespread , ramification would indeed be vast . 
  if everyone was left handed or ginger , they would n't . 
  the obvious difference here is having sex using contraception or with sterile people is a choice , being homosexual is n't . 
  first of , i did n't positively say one way or the other . 
  mental disorders come in a very wide range . 
  some , such as autism have obvious characteristics , others such as various forms of depression are much more difficult to diagnose accurately . 
  the human mind is a complex thing , one that we do n't fully understand and possibly never will . 
  consensus about what is or is n't a mental disorder has always changed throughout time and it would be naive to think it wo n't in the future . 
  one definition that has remained constant , though , is that they are all aberrations , departures from what is seen as common and normal . 
  and homosexuality is one such abnormality . 
  that alone however is not a reason to be stigmatized or punished . 
  personally , i care less about the label and more about whether said abnormality poses a threat to themselves and others or not . 
  and that 's what i imagine the main motive behind who 's move was , removing a label deemed offensive as to appease the liberal masses . 
  and thus the new consensus was born . 
  because in the end , what it all comes down to is one 's definition of a mental disorder . 
  be it empirical or subjective , there are no wrongs or rights but thinking makes it so . 
  what 's that sailing ship in the background ? 
  looks like a replica . 
   in romania , half of the professionals interviewed viewed homosexuality as a mental disorder even though the world health organisation said authoritatively in 1992 that it is n't . 
  does n't necessarily mean they 're all raging homophobes . 
  honestly , if someone asked me whether i consider homosexuality to be a mental disorder , i 'd probably lean more towards yes than no . 
  certainly an abnormality . 
  however it 's one i 'm perfectly willing to tolerate and while i 'm not really a champion for gay rights , i do support gay marriage , adoption rights etc. 
  top pornstar : kim kardashian, 
  on a serious note , how much trouble could one get into for simply having the flag ? 
  like if someone tried to walk through customs with it . 
  no weapons or anything , just the flag . 
  plenty , no doubt but not as many as you might fear . 
  sure , the borders are porous and the numbers of islamists in europe are growing but it still takes serious dedication and resources to manage an operational cell . 
  something most islamist sympathisers do n't have . 
  if they did , we 'd be seeing a lot more attacks . 
  ps : i 'm guessing ` machine guns ' are really just assault rifles in journo-speak . 
  / u/qvar , professional migrant catcher, 
  that was one intense penalty shoot out . 
  granted they have jobs and prospects . 
  indeed . 
  estonia ( and latvia ) currently share an unique situation in europe where the locals have higher birth rates than migrants . 
  however , we still have more deaths than births among ethnic estonians and negative migration rates among young females . 
  paying large sums of money for child birth is a hopeless last ditch effort to turn the population decline . 
  children swallow money like a pit . 
  the government will spend loads on their benefits , education and healthcare and once they grow up , they are very likely to just move away too . 
  if you want a region to prosper , you have to invest in young adults who will have their children there anyway if they stay . 
  it should be noted the turn of the millennium was the low point for most eastern european countries . 
  and growth is always faster when you 're rising from the bottom . 
  getting from a more acceptable birth rate past the actual replacement rate is much more difficult .
