  we shall see . 
  the way i see it , the reasons they came to the uk in the first place will still be there once the uk leaves . 
  czech rep : automotive industry romania : dacia , steel works , petrochemicals it 's almost as if countries that actually make stuff grow faster . 
   this is going to have a higher death toll than any uk terror attack . 
  might look worse than it is . 
  you mean a smoke detector ? 
  here you 're required to have one by law , but i 'm sure there are still plenty of homes without one . 
  when the baby emerges , mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy . 
  easily the second most followed sport after football even though we suck at it . 
  watching nba games is n't always easy because of the time difference . 
  most games start around 2 am our time and forget about the west coast ones . 
  is n't black pete a positive character , though ? 
  like a jester who gives out candy and presents to little children ? 
  whereas here we have a hot air balloon riding serial child kidnapper turk whose intentions , i can only assume , are untoward , to put it mildly . 
  makes sense . 
  turks were the boogeymen in that part of europe for quite a few centuries . 
  that site is obviously dodgy as hell , the founder even fled russia after a government take over . 
  i 'd definitely ban government officials , servicemen and intelligence officers from using it , but a nation-wide ban might be a bit excessive . 
  just make sure people use caution and know putin can see their nudes . 
  a rare occasion when the pet owner actually looks more cute than the pet . 
  not a problem , their population still grows by a couple of millions every year . 
  our pm has 3 children . 
  the former pm has 2 and is young enough to have more . 
  the president has 4 , and so does the former president . 
  having kids is somewhat easier when you have their wages . 
  tbf , she did n't seem to mind . 
  reminds me of when you could trick vending machines with old estonian kroon coins instead of euros . 
  what about fat people who take up more than one seat ? 
  omg , it 's been 11 years . 
  i. . . like britain . 
  needless to say , the dubbed version of the teletubbies caused some controversy in lithuania . 
  macron makes me think of annoying orange . 
  never been a huge fan of war films/series , but boy did i love band of brothers . 
  the pacific was fine too . 
   / u/canadianjesus what gave it away ? 
  yes , the british muslims have mostly come from their former colonies , such as pakistan , but i said europe , not the uk . 
  moroccans are the largest muslim group in france ( or tied with algeria ) , belgium , netherlands , spain , italy etc. 
  do n't they simply make up the largest muslim community in europe ? 
  see , we knew freezing our nuts off for a few millennia would pay off in the end . 
  you think the eu wants corbyn ? 
  i think it could be a prince . 
  romania was a kingdom back then and it used to be popular to dress little princes in kid-sized uniforms for pictures . 
  that 's marianne for you , always with her tits out . 
  truly the personification of france . 
  the cost , availability and quality of health care in the us , especially for the poor , has been criticized a lot . 
  nothing new . 
  nothing the soviet union did in estonia was legal , including flooding us with their people . 
  so like heroin , but the only side effect is you might get fat ? 
  although , i suppose some of them are little more than logistics hubs run by skeleton crews . 
  often enough , you get a free glass with a four - or a six-pack . 
  `` and we 'll fight them with the butt ends of broken beer bottles because that 's bloody well all we 've got ! '', 
  - churchill in 1940 . 
  britain has come a long way since . 
  i paid for that pint and i will finish it , terrorist attack notwithstanding . 
   abu dhabi yeah , lets not attract stupid oil money . 
  that 's co-prince of andorra for you , peasant !, 
  it can be intentional exaggerating or downplaying , or simply different methods of calculating were used ; do you count fighting men only or do you add the ones in reserve , the ones providing non-combat support etc ? 
  oh , no doubt . 
  after all , it 's been a turkish city for well over five centuries now . 
  most cities , if they 're even that old to begin with , have grown over 10 times in that time . 
  my first thought was how bad his handwriting is . 
   according to the estimates from portugal 's ministry of foreign affairs , close to half a million portuguese and portuguese-descendants live in venezuela . 
  that 's a lot for a country that used to be a spanish colony , not a portuguese one . 
  [ yes they do . 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/tree+sex_9e5a6b_3303581.jpg ), 
  please stop posting these kinds of articles . 
  for real , enough is enough . 
  still no constantinople for greece . 
  well done , seim . 
  people will now be coming to latvia for alcohol from north and south . 
  most of the ones i know are basketballers as well ; e.g. 
  in golden state warriors you have curry , mcadoo , mccaw , mcgee , looney , thompson , none of whom would sound out of place in ireland . 
  all are black . 
  i 've noticed it 's quite common for african-americans to have irish surnames . 
  most immigrants are : /, 
  charlemagne - french or german ? 
  there are young sports journalists writing articles on this who were n't even born when his career began . 
  is rome really this bad ? 
  nobody drinks vodka like they do beer or wine . 
  you might take a few shots alongside beer , but not instead of it . 
  how are beer , vodka and wine even comparable ? 
  it should be whiskey , vodka and anisette/ouzo etc for hard liquor . 
  everyone drinks beer . 
  it 's not like they 're an army . 
  they do n't carry a club membership card or anything . 
  it 's just a number . 
  a ballpark estimate of disgruntled muslims in the country , probably mostly relying on internet traffic , who sympathize with the `` fight against the west '' in general and may or may not be prompted to carry out an attack themselves . 
  definitely a few screws short of a verbrennungskraftmaschine . 
  it 's basically tranny porn . 
  it 'll also be the one time larger emissions wo n't be a problem for german products . 
  not really when you think about it . 
  we 're talking about general public here , not people with interest in cold war history and politics . 
  the older generations grew up behind the iron curtain where the state censorship largely obscured the ethnic pole fighting against communism . 
  the young grew up at a time when he was no longer an important policy-maker and thus no longer relevant or featured in the media . 
  finns ** love ** coffee , do n't be surprised they try to add it to everything . 
  huge difference between wearing a kilt , especially in a country where it 's traditional , and wearing an obviously feminine attire . 
  come to think of it , i do n't even know how he looks like , and merkel has been around for over a decade . 
  yes , it can just as easily mean no money to hire police officers . 
  just over 8,000 to be precise , but the same applies . 
  it 's a fairly boring town - sure , there will be a couple of clubs where the cool youths hang out on weekends , a gym , a shopping centre , a local pro- / semi-pro football team etc , but there is no vibrant city life or events with big name performers .
