  not a single country that has opened it 's gates to african and middle-eastern migration has yet to get it back under control . 
  to think it will be different with those coming under the aegis of asylum seeking is naive and foolhardy at best . 
  there are over a billion people who could claim asylum in europe and their numbers will only continue to grow no matter how many europe takes in . 
  half of africa is in some sort of turmoil at any given time because of their overpopulation . 
  there are no hitlers or stalins bulldozing over independent states in africa or middle-east , their conflicts are mostly internal and driven by overpopulation and lack of resources . 
  most of them have been independent for over 50 years , that 's more than enough time to pull your shit together . 
  instead they chose to breed like crazy despite being already poor . 
  add corrupt and undemocratic regimes and the stage is set for conflicts with divides obviously running across various ethnic and religious groups . 
  europe is not and can not be held responsible for any of that . 
  there are still plenty of poor people in europe struggling to make a living , especially in the eastern parts , most countries are buried under debt and greece is on the verge of default . 
  my own nation narrowly escaped being drowned out in our own country just few decades ago , the lasting consequence of which we are and will still be forced to deal with for generations to come . 
  the entire north-western russia is a graveyard of finnic cultures and languages and i 'll be damned if we escaped their fate just to voluntarily let ourselves be drowned out by africans and middle-easterners . 
  if some countries choose to fade as nations in the name of `` humanism '' , it 's their prerogative but do n't expect others to do the same . 
  there is no helping a nation who choose to breed like rabbits . 
  if hillary clinton wins the next year 's us election , she 'll be named woman of the year 2016 , otherwise poor * mutti * does n't really have any competition . 
  ca n't help but wonder how big their lgbt community is ... 
  how very odd to find estonia and latvia on opposite ends of this chart . 
  beggars belief how accurate this information is . 
  beer is healthier than energy drinks . 
  it 's helping the person being relocated , that much should be beyond any doubt . 
  the question is , is it right , wise , fair , sustainable , does it solve the problems driving this migration ? 
  the answer is no . 
  giving all your money to the poor and taking in a homeless person to live with you is helping but it does n't make it right . 
  everyone is helping but this article is about relocating them in the eu member states . 
  i 'm very sorry to hear that and i hope your government 's commendable resolute stance on not taking any part in this foolhardy relief effort will ease any sphincteral discomfort you might currently be experiencing . 
   `` the 20,000 quota is commendable . 
  we 're glad for it , '' iom director general william lacy swing told eu lawmakers , but he added that europe `` needs to go much , much further . ''  swing said the `` drivers of migration are such that large-scale migration is going to remain a mega-trend of our century . ''  he said the 20,000 migrant figure should serve as a starting point to `` try to build a level of confidence '' to go further . 
  it 's like they 're trying to tick people off . 
  no it 's not . 
  you will try to dialogue and appease a guy holding a gun to you , not a little punk threatening to beat you up . 
  i think his tens of millions of soldiers , thousands of tanks and later on nukes might 've had something to do with it . 
  and he still was n't exactly welcomed everywhere . 
  because by giving aid to supposedly thoroughly corrupt and monstrous government , we can be sure it 'll reach the people in need . 
  and yes , quite frankly i believe any kind of aid to north korea should be cut as well . 
  the longer these unsavoury regimes are supported , the longer it will take for them to collapse and the longer will their oppression continue . 
  [ not the biggest aid recipients but then again , they 're a small country ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/dt.oda.alld.cd ) . 
  [ and yes , they enjoy fairly normal diplomatic relations with many foreign nations , european included . 
  some eritrean migrants actually protest against it ] ( https://uk.news.yahoo.com/end-relations-eritrea-refugees-025715183.html#mfyvbr7 ) . 
  if eritrea is so horrible then how come the rest of the world keeps welcoming their leaders and sending them government aid ? 
  should n't the un send armed forces instead ? 
  * being white or `` caucasian '' * greatest historic influence being christianity * cultural practices that originate from europe the new world is n't all that different because their modern nations were ( mainly ) formed by europeans . 
  why controversial ? 
  if you 're white , you 're european by definition . 
  whites living outside of europe and non-whites living in europe are all migrants and their offspring . 
  stating that is not racist , it 's a fact . 
  jeez , for a moment there i thought gibraltar was planning on leaving the uk . 
  more like hill of trolls . 
  unsurprisingly , catalonia and basque country are very well defined on the map . 
  who did madrid vote for ? 
  mostly pp ? 
  are you trying to give them cancer ? 
  that 's awful sneaky . 
  cost of living is lower but wages are even lower than that , fertilizers etc cost pretty much the same everywhere and machinery can actually cost more than it does in the west . 
  my point is being a net recepient is nothing like just getting a free wad of cash you can spend however you like and there are crucial sectors where the westerners are the net recepients . 
  but if the parliament passes the same law again and it does n't violate the constitution he still has to declare it , right ? 
  how does one pronounce kukiz ? 
  cookies ? 
  does he even matter though ? 
  you guys are a parliamentary republic after all . 
   what are you wearing ? 
  right down to business ... 
  the divide still persists although i agree that underestimating the `` ukraineishness '' of the ukrainian people has been one of moscow 's biggest miscalculations thus far . 
  i remember watching russian propaganda tv shows last year where every single `` expert '' was convinced everyone except the `` nazi galicia '' ( western most part of ukraine ) will soon flock to russia . 
  second biggest russian hope that did n't materialize was that ukrainian government would n't survive the winter . 
  in reality it consolidated and actually managed to clean house a little bit . 
  to be honest , being a eu funds net recepient is n't all that great since they come with a billion strings attached . 
  i do n't have the latest statistics but in the early days at least , a lot of the money allocated to us would then flow right back west via `` consulting fees '' etc. 
  second , more often than not the funds can only be used to purchase certain western goods so it 's really as much about subsidizing the western producers as it is about helping the east , furthermore the influx of `` free stuff '' from the west makes it harder for local producers to compete . 
  meanwhile , despite being `` net recepients '' , the real direct subsidies in the east are still much lower than in the west . 
  for example the agricultural subsidies for baltics in 2012 were 97-144 euros per hectare , while the eu average was 269 euros and that is why spanish or dutch veggies at my local supermarket are cheaper and thus more competative than locally produced ones . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for eu . 
  joining it was as necessary as joining nato in order to put more room between us and the russians and the eu is still the best marketing framework in the world but only if you are willing to work for it , there are no free meals . 
  same lol . 
  knew the song but had no idea of this game show . 
  seems rather silly imo . 
  upvote for vision . 
  actually the selfish way is probably the right way . 
  preventing major historical disasters might seem noble but in reality we have no idea what effect it would have on things in the long run . 
  might just make everything worse . 
  it 's much safer to just make yourself rich . 
  so basically the british empire but only with the rich countries . 
  a message on how to broker a treaty on amicable terms between the estonian county states and the crusaders in early 13th century . 
  accept christianity even though it 's bullshit and forget paganism ( which is also bullshit ) but keep self-governance . 
  adopt their alphabet , arhitecture , aquaducts etc. 
  be vary of all things novgorodian/russian , nothing good will ever come out of there . 
  would probably be all in vain but certainly worth a try since it could 've turned our history around . 
  yes ... but with metric system muahahaha, 
  i 'd certainly give her one . 
  lithuania confirmed to be liberated from the nazis . 
  you can shove the entire eu into australia ... 
  i 'm at my parents home and my mom actually said the latvian girl is very tanned . 
  wikipedia says she 's 1/4 latvian , 1/4 russian , 1/2 black . 
  [ cute though ] ( http://foto.delfi.lv/show.php?mode=0&amp;id=4111918&amp;salt=vd0aey.jpeg ) . 
  poland - the most homogenous country in europe , working towards a common goal . 
  ukraine - an endless tug of war between the pro-west and pro-russian . 
  per cent of gdp is bullshit because the rest of gdp is largely achieved by rotating that oil and gas revenue in the economy . 
  should the oil and gas profits fall off , everything else takes a big step down . 
   it is known as a `` fist-phallus '', 
  apologize ? 
  acknowledge ?
