  it 's not like ties are going to be severed completely , the uk and the eu will still very much continue to be in each others lives . 
  where the hell is this federalism talk coming from ? 
  i do n't think there 's even one country where the majority of population would actually want that . 
  it 's shit like this that makes people want to leave . 
   greece at least has good reasons to leave such as ? 
  going bankrupt ? 
  more like the european integration in the west started out as an attempt of creating a french hegemony of sorts . 
  thus it first only included the smaller nations ( benelux ) and the defeated former axis powers ( germany , italy ) . 
  germany was nowhere near being an `` equal '' partner in the 60s . 
  the uk would n't have let france run the show . 
  more than those who are 18-24 anyway . 
  makes sense as otherwise , given the size of irish diaspora , you 'd basically have foreigners electing your governments . 
  slightly offtopic but can irish nationals living abroad vote in irish elections ? 
  we paddies now boys !, 
  are n't they really rare everywhere ? 
  i mean proper green , not grey with a slight hint of green . 
  in estonia it 's pretty much half blue , half grey . 
  brown means foreign blood and greens are super rare . 
  i did n't want the uk to leave , but it will be a fascinating new and unprecedented development to follow . 
  bad for us , as the uk often provided a much needed counterbalance to germany & france . 
  every poll/chart i 've seen on the topic shows scotland to be much more pro-eu than england . 
  why is that so ? 
  must 've been some fart if you could hear it over a football pitch midgame . 
  [ i see we have a rumpologist in the house . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rumpology ), 
  just in time for the vote . 
  few defenders probably , germany does n't seem to have too many of those currently . 
  did n't watch your game against iceland but in the portugal game , baumgartlinger was everywhere . 
  also when i was commenting on his performance during the game , my girl friend genuinely asked if he was `` the guy who jumped from space '' . 
  difficult to say . 
  some europeans , definitely . 
  others seem perfectly fine with letting in muslims who are much more prone to radicalism and from much less developed countries than turkey . 
  people complain about legal immigrants all the time . 
  they 're still immigrants . 
  aww iceland , my beauties , go on ... 
  i predict total meltdown if they 'll manage to beat england . 
  so much for `` small mentality '' . 
  curious as to what exactly does the `` neger bal '' entail ? 
  what a horrible thing to say about the portuguese . 
  visit the last remaining turnip farm ? 
  not like you had many choices . 
  morata and nolito were both off at this point . 
  that basically just leaves fabregas and aduriz , the latter having very little national team experience . 
  well there is the rather worrying question of what to do with all the people held there . 
  there are no skulls on our caps , i think we 're safe . 
  kind of a pointless comparison as islamists almost never act alone and rightwing attackers are usually loners . 
   it details the cases of 94 people who were killed and 260 who were injured in attacks by far-right terrorists acting on their own between the start of 2000 and the end of 2014 . 
   they include the killing of 77 and injuring of 242 people in norway by anders breivik in other words , one guy is responsible for over 90 % of rightwing victims over the span of 15 years . 
  tbf , these are far more creative than most posters you see . 
  nor does the right wing campaign for it . 
  it 's just an attempt by the author to create an image of a right-winger more open to attacks and ridicule . 
  a bit overdone to my mind . 
  i mean 1950s christianity ? 
  seriously ? 
  the right do n't dread change or progress per se , but hold a different opinion of what it should be and believe such change should mainly come from within the nation , rather than outside . 
  for the right , progress means strictly the usual advancement in fields of technology , quality of life , entertainment etc , as opposed to more brown people and more social justice because it 's the current year . 
  big cities do n't have a community , they have many loose ones . 
  even if you live in a big diverse city , you still probably only have a small , usually homogeneous , group of friends . 
  everyone else is strangers you pass on the streets , nothing more . 
  in a small town everyone knows everyone . 
  and yet like half of the team were n't even born or raised in wales and just have grandparents from there or something ... just like much of the rest of the uk , i imagine . 
  people talk about wales like they were the underdogs just because wales is small and russia is huge , but they have bale from real fucking madrid and the rest mostly play in the premier league . 
  most of them might not be huge stars there , but they still play at a higher level than most of the players in the euros . 
  russia were never the favourites here . 
  would `` the eu '' be even allowed to pro-remain adverts in the uk ? 
  [ in the us , it 's 100-200 per year . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_american_police_officers_killed_in_the_line_of_duty ) and yours are often in terrorist attacks . 
  compared to say the us , it 's quite rare everywhere in europe . 
  even with the recent increase in attacks against police officers like in france . 
  sunny in the morning , light shellfire in the afternoon . 
   reduced-sensitivity i believe the common counterargument is it prolongs the act . 
  or building a huge arse that farts towards france . 
  i 'm not very knowledgeable about the olympic governing bodies , is this decision final ? 
  if so , butthurt will be real . 
  is that where the electric sheep live ? 
  i honestly do n't think brexit would change things all that much . 
  will it make britain somewhat less attractive for business ? 
  certainly , but nowhere near as to make london lose it 's status as one of the world 's leading financial capitals . 
  not to mention , the world is much bigger than just the eu . 
  neither will it achieve what the brexit supporters want . 
  spread around , the british net contributions to the union wo n't be noticable and large scale immigration will continue . 
  frankly , the only unwanted eu migrants britain will be able to stop better will be the european romas . 
  as for the rest , britain actually needs them . 
  nigerians , pakistani and the rest will all continue to arrive in present or larger numbers . 
  it 's 1-2 millions per year on top of other immigrants on 500 millions that already include tens of millions of troublesome minorities and unemployed with the numbers of dependants growing constantly , ethnic tensions on the rise and debts mounting . 
  europe has become so complacent and arrogant they do n't quite fathom how thin is the welfare ice they 're skating on . 
  i shall revise my reply to : what orcish language the welsh have . 
  seems like favourites coming back from behind and winning late is becoming a trend . 
  what orcish language you welsh have . 
  we have jaanip\u00e4ev , which i believe is not unlike the midsummer in norway ( bonfires , vast amounts of alcohol , partying throughout the night ) . 
  utter nonsense . 
  we have those `` military days '' as well and noone 's ever made a fuss . 
  as kids , we used to play with toy/pretend guns all the time anyway . 
  either that or with swords cut from plywood . 
  would 've loved holding a real rifle . 
  well if even mcdonalds closed shop there because it was too expensive to ship the ingredients ... 
   but yeah , seems like outside of most important centers , they 're leaving everything to rot . 
  therein lies the answer . 
  there is not enough tax base in smaller places to afford it , not to mention material and labour costs have been skyrocketing , so the state ca n't afford to built things it could in the 20th century . 
  uhm , the 6th and the 7th coalition during the napoleonic wars worked out well , did n't they ?
