  spread over the eu/eurozone it should n't be that big of a hit and of course if they do n't go right back to thinking yearly 10 % budget deficit is nothing to worry about . 
  estonia has a good claim to [ petseri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petseri ) / [ setomaa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/setomaa ) ( currently part of russia ) and [ heinaste ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinaste ) ( currently part of latvia ) . 
  both very important to us from a historic pov but as a result of soviet deportations , russification and migration , very few estonians reside there today so these areas are gone for us . 
  estonia owns island of [ ruhnu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruhnu ) , which used to be culturally swedish . 
  in fact they are part of estonia only because we bribed them in 1919 with 103,140 marks , 100 liters of hard liquor and 150 bottles of wine . 
  all the swedes fled the island during wwii to escape the soviet occupation and very few have returned since so ruhnu is mostly estonian today . 
  it 's a small island that does n't have much going for it but they do have [ rare sheep ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_ruhnu_sheep ) and a [ funky lighthouse built by gustave eiffel ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/ruhnu_tuletorn_2005-08.jpg/800px-ruhnu_tuletorn_2005-08.jpg ) , so there 's that . 
  prepare to be amazed : / r/vexillology, 
   assad , pkk or isis therein lies the problem , none of those are an acceptable choice at this point because all have major faults and none of them have the support from the majority of the population , while the syrian opposition is obviously too weak . 
  first shitting logs , now this ? 
  that 's in 2022 , god knows what that region is going to be like then . 
  at any rate , i 'd be more worried about euro 2016 in france , than qatar in 2022 . 
  there are n't exactly many muslim countries known for their topless beaches . 
   how deep drink water in netherlands ? 
  since it 's netherlands , probably above land . 
  perhaps because it 's africa and not europe ? 
  granted , many victims probably are european . 
  violent crime = / = islamic terrorist attacks . 
  how about you curb your unwarranted arrogance and just shut up ? 
  honestly , i do n't even know where to begin trying to educate you , you 're all over the place with your insane hyperboles and name calling . 
  try conducting yourself in a more civilized manner and you will come off less like a raging lunatic . 
  first of all , in the unlikely event shit should hit the fan here , i fully expect most if not all of europe to leave us fending off the invasion on our own . 
  certainly the south-west . 
  in any case , i 'd bet on the us and nato before i would on the eu . 
  and do n't worry , russian * modus operandi * involves masking their invasions by a massive barrage of propaganda creating such a farce , you could all easily continue to stumble over your dicks , doing nothing while still pretending to keep your fictitious moral highground you seem to love so much . 
  second , being a eu funds net recepient is n't all that great since they come with a billion strings attached . 
  i do n't have the latest statistics but in the early days at least , a lot of the money allocated to us would then flow right back west via `` consulting fees '' etc. 
  not to mention , more often than not the funds can only be used to purchase certain western goods so it 's really as much about subsidizing the western producers as it is about helping the east , furthermore the influx of `` free stuff '' from the west makes it harder for local producers to compete . 
  meanwhile , despite being `` net recepients '' , the real direct subsidies in the east are still much lower than in the west . 
  for example the agricultural subsidies for baltics in 2012 were 97-144 euros per hectare , while the eu average was 269 euros . 
  third , you proudly announce how the fact we 're one of the smallest countries in the eu , already on a brink of a national catastrophe because of a massive amount of migrants who in addition to everything else present a geopolitical threat is no concern of yours but you expect the african illegals in italy and greece somehow should be ours ? 
  fourth , who exactly do we `` owe '' ? 
  certainly not greece with whom it 's the other way around . 
  italy is a net contributor now but how long did it take them to become one ? 
  in fact , the so-called arguments you raise concede the fact you yourself consider this matter to be some sort of a * quid pro quo * and not a humanitarian mission . 
  you do n't care about any of these people and consider eastern europe to be a dumping ground for the west 's undesirables . 
  nothing more . 
  do you really believe the right course of action is dumping random people with no skills into countries they themselves do n't want to go to and who do n't want them and have little to nothing to offer to them ? 
  how one can not see the fallacy of this idea is beyond me . 
  and i 'm not against any migrants period , i just disregard the system proposed . 
  movement of people ca n't be anything but voluntary from all parties involved - in this case , the migrant and the host country . 
  what i 'd agree to would be something along the lines of that a group of migrants in italy deemed to be legitimate refugees , preferably families , would also be offered a chance to go to estonia - a country that has no religious or political persecution of any kind but does n't shower you with money and if you intend on staying for a longer while , will also expect you to learn a rather obscure language . 
  not good enough ? 
  well it 's not like anyone here really wants you either . 
  such system could possibly work for a while . 
  legislature allowing countries to dump their undesirables onto others by random quotas generated by someone in brussels will not . 
  also you go on about eastern europeans being racist but collectively call nations parasites . 
  cute . 
  jog on . 
  did you throw a trident ? 
  and i was just thinking the other day how it 's been rather quiet on the `` french front '' lately . 
  so much hate just because some people have enough common sense to wish to learn from others mistakes . 
  move slowly . 
  people can and should be more educated and involved in their state affairs . 
  if you do n't wish to partake then do n't , just like there are people today who do n't vote either . 
  and most issues forwarded to referendums are n't exactly rocket science , if the swiss can do , so can we . 
  the government and the parliament would still exist and take care of things on day-to-day basis , the * vox populi * would only manifest itself by voting on issues deemed more relevant to the public . 
  i 'd rather have us moving away from representative democracy to a more direct democracy , much like switzerland . 
  if you want statesmen , you need to give the power back to the real elites . 
  as long as top politicians are career politicians whose entire personal welfare hinges on their political careers , you will get more of the same kind . 
  yes , i 've seen it in stores but i do n't actually buy it . 
  not even sure how people who do consume it , i think it 's mostly used for making cakes . 
  [ like these ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0455/0745/products/studio_session-0114_1024x1024.jpg?v=1425158186 ), 
  nobody is kicking out anyone . 
  the greeks can and will decide on their own what to do but they ca n't expect avoiding more cuts . 
  sorry lads but you had a little too good for a little too long . 
  it 's annoying how many fellow europeans seem to enjoy being condescending pricks and kicking a man when he 's down . 
  likewise , greece needs to stop doing and saying outright stupid things such as germany owing them reparations . 
  attitude like that does n't win them any sympathy points anywhere and just makes them come off as irresponsible cunts . 
  i imagine whore/village girl can cause some trouble ... 
  well , the danish were the first to legalize porn after all ... 
  can it really take a decade ? 
  i doubt it . 
  problem is you ca n't define irishness in the eyes of the law and it must be applied to everyone equally . 
  one can just as easily come over at the age of 5 and be a closet jihadist by 16 but try proving that in court . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  south america and algeria are not in the eu . 
  that 's because the officials are overwhelmed by the rising tide of migrants . 
  they ca n't just rubber stamp their applications , they have to give each and every applicant personal attention and at least try to check out the validity of their claims . 
  i was actually referring to eu migrants since the uk seems to have a problem with them as well . 
  as for africa , most of it is either anglo - or francophone , with nigeria , sudan and gambia being mostly anglophone and sending waves of migrants . 
  the syrians are arabs but they have a better school system than sub-saharan african states so i 'd expect at least a certain level of fluency in english from most of them as well . 
  while it 's completely against the spirit of the eu according to some people , i do believe the uk should be allowed to introduce an immigration cap due it 's language serving as an unfair migration pull compared to other member states . 
  russia in july 1917 was a total mess . 
  hell , i 'm not even sure who was running it at the time . 
  not that any of this even matters , the independence war and tartu treaty came after . 
  what 's that saying , in europe they thnk a 100 miles is a long way , in america they think a 100 years is a long time . 
  what the hell are you babbling about ? 
  estonia fought against the bolsheviks and was independent until wwii . 
  there was no `` bribing regional elites '' and pre-wwii estonia was actually bigger than todays . 
  and none of these russians lived there then either , they 're all occupational migrants . 
  also funny how you consider the greatest reach of the russian empire to be some sort of a starting point in history . 
  as if sillam\u00e4e , maardu or kohtla-j\u00e4rve are any better . 
  perhaps but are n't there many empty or half-empty villages and smalltowns in spain ? 
  a house is n't of much use when there are no jobs and no working schools , hospitals and entertainment establishments in the area . 
  liquid bread . 
  the only way to be described as young at 40 is to die . 
  the booze . 
  this . 
  unless your parents are rich enough to buy you an apartment or your grandparents die and you inherit one , you will probably be stuck for a while because wage-rental ratio is insane .
