  that is if you 're one of those people who thinks we need a constant population growth . 
  is there somewhere like a full list of 2014-present turkey bombings ? 
  i swear the casualties must be a 4-digit number by now . 
  could be ivorians with a french citizenship visiting relatives or w/e . 
  you said prussia ** and ** germany , so it 's a german history fail more than anything . 
  any cool prison break stories ? 
  [ we had 2 escapees last year ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/politics/society/c725157e-37a0-47dd-85d4-8806120eb575/two-escape-from-tallinn-prison-in-estonias-first-prison-break-for-5-years ) , who escaped from our oldest , most run down piece of shit of a prison . 
  one of them is caught now , the other still on the run afaik . 
  unfortunately , the west today ( western europe anyway , north america not so much ) is not the pragmatic and practical consumerist concorde generation that defeated the soviet union , now it is led by an unhealthy obsession of multiculturalist utopia and ` social justice ' at any cost . 
  second , i hate these arrogant patronizing articles . 
  the so-called eastern europe does n't need to ` look up ' to anyone or anywhere . 
  * romeo banging juliet 2 *, 
  not exactly * romeo and juliet * but a few forbidden love stories come to mind . 
  one that i 've read is anton hansen tammsaare 's * i loved a german * . 
  set in 1920s , it 's about an estonian university student who falls in love with a girl from a now impoverished baltic german noble family . 
  nobody commits a suicide but their relationship ultimately fails because they come from too different backgrounds . 
  the novel is as much about the super complicated relations between estonians and the former german overlords in the newly independent state as it is a love story . 
  then there is gert helbem\u00e4e 's * ohvrilaev * ( sacrificial ship ) , it 's about an unhappily married school teacher whose wife goes on a holiday and he ends up having an affair with a younger woman . 
  the woman ultimately commits a suicide because they ca n't be together . 
   5 people on a 48 coke & alcohol binge killed a friend with hammers to `` understand how it feels '' . 
  they tried to cover up by dressing him in stilettos and woman 's clothing . 
  the mind on coke ... 
  how to hop the border in style . 
  and move it a few cms north amirite ? 
  got ta love the lithuania/latvia one where it 's just a stick stuck in sand on a beach . 
  the blitzkrieg avenue, 
   belarusian is understandable do they even speak it , though ? 
  i know someone who visited belarus last year , literally russian only . 
  even if true , i imagine he promoted maybe 1 or 2 new guys he could actually trust as opposed to ones from the snake pit that was sevastopol . 
  the rest must 've been admirals before he took the office . 
  would n't want to get pulled over and fined when you finally invade sweden . 
  turkey is higher than one might 've suspected . 
  explains why they stopped moving to germany in large numbers . 
  it 's not even that . 
  the world is full of safe countries that are not burdened migrants . 
  however these countries are either not rich or not welcoming . 
  if you have wealth and you issue an open door policy , you ca n't really be surprised when suddenly loads of people turn up wanting a piece . 
  first few times buying condoms were definitely awkward but you get used to it . 
  build a wall in greece ? 
  where to ? 
  with it 's vast coastline and countless islands , greece is a nightmare from a defensive pov . 
  any european country can be a great place to live as long as you have money . 
  bulgaria and romania would arguably be the cheapest . 
  ca n't they just exchange her for someone and be done with it ? 
  mostly as a hobby . 
  personal experience goes as far as conscript service only , so no deployments anywhere . 
   the mortar system has a firing rate of about 12 rounds a minute , a range of more than 4 miles and weighs about 462 pounds . 
  pretty average stats for a 120 mm mortar . 
  then again , mortars have n't changed that much since wwi . 
  calling bullshit on this . 
  the entire population of serbia is 7 million which means there ca n't be more than 1.5 million sexually active women in their child-bearing years . 
  so every 10th woman has an abortion every year ? 
  sure , abortions are a problem and all that . 
  i get that , believe me . 
  but inflating the numbers does n't help you make your case , dear inserbia journo . 
  3 suicides in 15 days ? 
  hell yeah , it does . 
  but did they actually kill themselves because of the living conditions in the military ? 
  in estonia , we have conscription based army too . 
  we had one suicide in 2012 and a few more in 90s and early 2000s . 
  however those were mostly or all because of personal reasons ( for example , i remember one 18-year-old shot himself because his girlfriend broke up with him ) . 
  afaik noone killed themselves because of the living conditions in the barracks . 
  it 's greece , not fucking north korea . 
  how bad can it be ? 
   when greek constripts suicide because they stay in similar conditions has that happened !, 
  i 've drank enough jameson to be eligible for irish citizenship . 
  britain is a bit like northern america anyway , everyone is 1/32 irish . 
  [ this is probably what you 're referring to ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/11867138/danish-teenage-girl-stabbed-mother-to-death-after-watching-isil-videos-with-islamist-boyfriend.html )  a danish teenager stabbed her own mother to death after becoming radicalised by watching islamic state videos of beheadings with an islamist boyfriend twice her age . 
  you 're not that far off . 
  the decision was to redistribute 160.000 people proven to be in need of international protection , not just any odd 160.000 out of the ones that have crossed the mediterranean . 
  however , such proof is hard to come by . 
  in italy , the refugee centers are overflowing with young black males who have either dubious or no documentation and whose stories range from parroting the line `` am refugee from politics '' in broken english to stories that could serve as a plot of an action b-movie . 
  none of those guys qualify . 
  is it really that crazy of an idea ? 
  because lets face it , greece is going to have tons of migrants either way with more pouring in daily . 
  might as well use the situation to get some debt relief . 
  when i was a kid , we had some sports channel that showed a lot of english football ( my dad was a man united fan , pfft ) and that 's how i got into football . 
  as a young teenager , i knew the xi of most english premier league teams but did n't know anything about other foreign leagues other than some club names like real madrid or ac milan . 
  i remember those from my history textbook in school . 
  italian . 
  everything sounds more exotic and fancy if you add a vowel at the end of the word . 
  which is why actually learning italian is full of disappointments . 
  ferrari means ... smith etc. 
  afaik only the french did . 
  the tumblehome hull helped to reduce some weight and free up space to add more turrets . 
  however they had very narrow armoured belts and were prone to tip over if the ship took some water from one side ( not uncommon for a warship ) . 
  which is exactly what happened to the french-designed russian ships in the battle of tsushima . 
   look at what a mess libya was made by our first invasion . 
  yeah , because it 's not like they had a civil war going ... 
  50 years is a long time , though . 
  how much do ordinary people today really know about khrustchev or brezhnev ? 
  they ruled for a long time too and at a time when the western confrontation with moscow was much greater than it is today . 
  gay viking is a weird name regardless of which definition of gay you use . 
   soviet naval ship classes of world war ii :  kalev , ronis feelsbadman.jpg, 
  after which it needed a tug . 
  what is it built on ? 
  [ here is ours , fully submerged . 
  ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/scars-of-the-past/images/5/5b/estonia-disaster.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150814173216 ), 
  there will be plenty of politicians who are remembered in their home countries , not elsewhere . 
   do you think people will still easily remember putin , obama , merkel in 50 years ?
