  pretty sure ours is made in poland as well . 
   half of all land vehicles belonging to the infantry can not be used for actual military purposes because they are broken or incomplete . 
  with the other half being sold to us , finland and croatia ? 
  finland - obviously . 
  latvia - neighbour of similar size with almost identical history . 
  there has to be !, 
  also , i think carthago should be destroyed . 
  purple means 3-4 out of a 100 , does n't really sound that bad . 
  also 18-19 is n't really a kid anymore . 
  i know a girl who got knocked up at 19 . 
  she had to leave uni for a year but overall doing ok . 
  tunis or some other tunisian city ? 
  yes but those are moroccan/other muslim minorities , i seriously doubt spaniards have began naming their sons mohammed . 
  also , do you count names like javier/xavier/habier as one name or different ? 
  because it 's ok to bash a nation for electing a president who does n't cater to leftist liberal idealists ? 
  age old traditional spanish names mostly . 
  except for maybe hugo . 
   teutonic order , which still exists i 'll go dig up my 30-something-th great-grandfather 's sword and be on the lookout for them christian invaders . 
  in 1930s , when minox was founded , tallinn was called tallinn and had a population of some 150k , including about 130k estonians , some 10k germans and a few thousands of russians and jews . 
  [ needs this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc_y4zoudci ), 
  this including all the men claiming to be 16-17 ? 
  those probably are n't held by some pedo . 
  on an equally important note , how are those f-35s coming along ? 
  last i heard there were still quite a few problems . 
  as someone from a country where establishing greater economic cooperation with finland has been an important political goal for a better part of over two decades , all i can say is ... [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/tpwqdcw6hgk/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  minox started out as an estonian-latvian company but after the soviet occupation most of the company founders fled west and eventually set up shop in west germany . 
  gee , i wonder why ... 
  your football hooligans make bombs ? 
  poor little gruber was n't cut out to be a ferocious nazi . 
  him and the ridiculously stereotypical italian captain were the best . 
  it 'll be kasper schmeichel now . 
  how many of them have you heard of ? 
  for me it 's : the first three ( schulz , le pen , verhofstadt ) , or the actually relevant ones . 
  farage , hard not to . 
  kallas , only because she 's estonian . 
  also her father stands a decent chance of becoming our next president . 
  morten messerschmitt , only because i came across his name once before and wanted to know if he 's related to the famous german aircraft designer . 
  who is it we beat ? 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) the thing is we have like one professional player in a somewhat decent league ( finland ) and nobody cares about hockey . 
  i guess the competition in football/basketball/volleyball / etc is just that much tougher . 
  given the sports listed , i take it it 's team sports only . 
  ice hockey ? 
  in estonia ? 
   janitor/plumber : greece implying greece has a job . 
  you can have both , economic growth and rising debts , at the same time . 
  the two go hand in hand quite often . 
  you borrow some money \u2192 you have more money to spend on things . 
  someone could 've told [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/livonian_crusade ) and saved us from some 700 rather miserable years . 
  i did n't watch the eurovision this year and remained faithful to my usual websites of preference . 
  it was n't that heavily armed , though . 
  the kotor garrison itself consisted of about 8000 men , including many slavs who were n't really motivated to fight other slavs for austria . 
  the montenegrins were actually laying a siege with an even smaller force but they were heavily supported by the french fleet protecting their coastline against austrian naval counteractivity but there was still some ( we 're talking about september-october 1914 here ) . 
  most of the fighting on land was done over [ fort vermack/vrmac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fort_vrmac ) . 
  but yeah , eventually the plan failed because the serbian-montenegrin front collapsed and after italy joined the war , the french could start using their ports and stopped needing kotor . 
  under the circumstances , everything but food is perfectly reasonable . 
  this is so relevant as i 'm currently reading about the wwi in the balkans and how the small montenegrin army besieged kotor ( then austro-hungarian cattaro ) with 8 guns provided by the french . 
   regeni 's murder early this year , which many experts believe was committed by agents of the egyptian state . 
  lets face it , if that really was the case , they will never admit to it , regardless . 
  the truth is visiting a foreign country still comes with a substantial risk , especially if the said country is not bound by any significant international agreements . 
  something we often tend to forget in todays world . 
  * america never went to war with a country that had a mcdonald 's . 
   how on earth does a smaller population lead to jobs being created ? 
  it does n't , it just means less demand for jobs . 
   outsourcing has costs the shitty jobs historically , it 's been those same blue collar workers doing those `` shitty jobs '' that had the most children . 
   but the us and germany still have pretty low unemployment despite our globalised economy . 
  exactly , because the us and germany never deindustrialized the same way many others did and kept the local industry alive . 
  plenty of americans and germans still around who do n't think they 're too good to work in a factory . 
   de-industrialisation has also not caused the massive unemployment we 're seeing . 
  it has , directly and indirectly . 
   besides the main concern should be for our welfare state which this demographic shift is going to kick the hardest . 
  the overall economy has always had ups and downs . 
  the welfare state as we know it will be gone anyway . 
  children swallow money like a pit so once they 're finally grown it will first take them ages to just earn back they money `` invested into them '' . 
  that is if they 'll even have jobs , and in countries like italy that 's a pretty big if . 
  right now , we 're witnessing young jobless italians leaving italy in large numbers . 
  paying large sums of money for child birth is a hopeless last ditch effort to turn the population decline . 
  if you want a region to prosper , you have to invest in young adults who will have their children there anyway if they stay . 
   please explain how jobs were created in the 60 's , 70 's , 80 's and 90 's and you 'll have your answer . 
  by having smaller populations and more jobs that have since been outsourced or made redundant mostly because of deindustrialisation ? 
  collectively , the smaller future generation would also inherit the wealth of the previous larger generation . 
  that will be one way to ease the transition . 
  sorry but i just fail to see the wisdom in encouraging people to have more children in times when roughly half of eu memberstates are already plagued by massive youth unemployment and simply hoping that in the not so distant future , millions of jobs will just magically come out of nowhere . 
  especially if the money intended to encourage higher birth rates end up being borrowed . 
   the baby boomer generation in the west was probably the most prosperous for us . 
  aka the live above your means generation that has racked up serious debts in some states . 
  if africa and the middle east have taught us anything then it 's that the exact opposite is true . 
   more people also create more demand meaning more jobs . 
  only if the said demand is serviced by local production , not by overseas or automated ones , as it 's more and more common in europe . 
  the 100-year-old man who ... had some absurdly funny scenes . 
  the fact there needs to be a `` sex manual '' alone should be disturbing enough . 
  how does data from crimea and donbass factor into this ? 
  how is having an even greater number of jobless people going to solve anything ? 
  [ estonianization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonianization ) used to be a thing . 
  it meant changing your german sounding name to an estonian one during the 1920s and 30s . 
  probably because you 're relatively well off . 
  if you were n't , worrying about making ends meet would be high on your list . 
  the even greater ranks of unemployed ? 
  i 'm yet to be convinved europe even needs higher birth rates . 
  perhaps some countries do but others , such as italy with their already high unemployment rates , arguably less so .
