  if their 19th century ancestors could see this now ... 
  you know you 've been here for a while when you know these kinds of things by heart . 
  well mostly anyway , italians in belgium is new to me . 
  would 've definitely said morocco or congo dr. 
  i see some catholic favoritism . 
  catholic v4 , catholic south , catholic ireland ... and norwegian wages . 
   pushing eastern europe back into russia 's sphere . 
  never going to happen . 
  ever . 
  people on this subreddit love to run their emotions really high , it 's probably good none of us are really politicians . 
  the reality is always a lot more calmer . 
  speaking hypothetically , the most extreme outcome would be the east breaking away from the eu and forming their own union with blackjack and hookers . 
  everyone stays in nato because everyone still likes the us . 
  is n't there a super easy loophole of `` money is for time and companionship only '' ? 
  yeah , that 's probably the only positive about it . 
  then again , desperate people are n't exactly known for their rationale . 
  if there 's even a long shot they can end up in germany/sweden , plenty will still take it . 
  and even if they get hungary or bulgaria , guaranteed roof over your head , clean drinking water and white girls still probably trump africa . 
  where can one check who voted how ? 
  nvm , found it . 
  5/6 estonian meps for , 1 ( conservatives ) abstained . 
  expected . 
  remind me how many killed are there in libya compared to syria ? 
  how many refugees from libya compared to syria ? 
  how much destruction ? 
  not as popular as football ( soccer ) but it 's popular . 
  we 're just not very good at it right now . 
  historically , baltics were the 1st countries in europe to truly adopt basketball and we did well during the 30s . 
  then boom , wwii . 
  during the soviet occupation a basketball was something of a retreat for estonian athletes since russians did n't really play basketball . 
  ironically this meant that a lot of estonian players got called up to the soviet team . 
  then came the 90s , we were still reasonably good but since there was very little money for sports , the professional teams struggled . 
  then came the real slump when the generation of players born in the late 70s utterly failed to realise their potential . 
  this generation , usually characterized by point guard tanel tein , mostly made headlines for having night outs at clubs before important games they then went on to lose , conflicts and drama between the `` bad boys '' and the more dedicated players etc. 
  things have been improving since the emergence of players like kristjan kangur and gregor arbet , some of the current youngsters are quite promising and professional teams have more money now . 
  that was amazing . 
  honestly britain , i 'm beginning to think those parts of the world were much better off when they were a part of your empire . 
  granted , back then there were a lot less people living there . 
  keep in mind mcdonald 's is a franchise , meaning local franchises have free reign to pursue marketing their product the way they see fit to do it . 
  european mcdonald 's restorans are usually also a bit more classier than their american counterparts and since there is less of them , more distinctive . 
  they 're not cool enough to take a date there but it 's perfectly fine to hop through one for a quick bite to eat after a night out at a club or something . 
  a lot of girls actually love that since it reminds them of when they were teenagers on their first dates . 
  it 's as if you planned it so , though . 
  estonia-lithuania was very close , we led before the 4th quarter and you won by just 2 points but you chose to rest jonas v anyway . 
  checking the boxscores makes me wish i bothered to watch the italy-lithuania game , seems like the most evenly matched game in this tournament yet . 
  france and serbia are probably slight favourites in semi-finals . 
  hardly news . 
  i remember this news story from years ago about a british embassy employee in nigeria who got into trouble because he bought an official death certificate for ... himself , just for shits and giggles . 
  but the point is , anyone who can pay thousands of euros to get to europe , can buy a valid enough document saying just about anything . 
  remove trianon , remove kebab , add goulash !, 
  hang back , fellas . 
  orban 's gon na sort this one out for us . 
  yeah , times are tough so lets spend loads of money on something we do n't really need !, 
  as for michal & co , they should concentrate more on estonian roads and less on a pipe ( dream ) in a sea . 
  because that 's what dominates the european news section . 
  in local news some schoolchildren on trip/hike got stung by wasps but i doubt anyone here will be interested in that . 
  we 're also developing a military droid . 
  and of course the daily articles on why estonian politicians are shitty . 
  tbh , there might be some problems when poles discover just how russified an average ukrainian is . 
  oh she took part alright but she did n't exhibit that kind of behavior prior to meeting clyde , much like this danish girl , from what i gather . 
   where in the eu they would then decide to settle down . 
  so germany/sweden . 
  this . 
  assad is n't an acceptable ruler for many if not majority of syrians as he is the guy who leveled their homes . 
  even if he somehow managed to come out on top ( impossible without strong russian and iranian backing ) , it would simply mean the syrian refugees would never return and more would follow them if capable . 
  you 'd get hordes of vampire obsessed teenage girls instead of arabs and africans . 
  well first of all she 's much younger than your usual killer groupie . 
  also it appears she led a fairly normal life , apart from hanging out with muslims at a nearby refugee center . 
  seems more like a case of old fashion daft influential teen and bad influence rather than a complex paraphilia . 
  maybe both . 
  i doubt this was the case here but there is actually a thing called [ hybristophilia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hybristophilia ) . 
  supposedly men can have it too but in reality it 's pretty much always the women who develop a manic romantic attachment to brutish and savage men . 
  like all these women who send love letters to incarcerated rapists and murderers claiming to truly know and understand them . 
  it 's commonly known as the bonnie and clyde syndrome , named after the seemingly mild mannered young woman who ran off with a murderer and a bank robber . 
   i want to see a chechen-serb matchup . 
  like , all the grit of grozny against the best belgrade has to offer . 
  jihadists vs chetniks . 
  sounds like an episode of deadliest warrior . 
  i always wondered how can such mistakes even happen . 
  why not just use a proper map with country names already filled in ? 
  instead they seem to use a blank map and let some intern play name the country before publishing it . 
  both got fisted in a war ? 
   a court which sentenced borch to nine years in jail heard how she became obsessed with militant islam after falling in love with an unnamed muslim man . 
   but he jilted her when he moved back to sweden to be with his wife and children . 
   nevertheless she found a new soulmate in iraq-born abdulla , whom she befriended after meeting at a refugee centre near her home . 
  for the life of me , i honestly ca n't figure out what is the appeal here . 
  an older muslim immigrant with a wife and kids who loves killing people in the name of his imaginery friend and his likeminded refugee center dweller . 
  i know some girls love bad boys but seriously ... 
  does this apply to people laid off ? 
  if not , it seems perfectly reasonable . 
  same in football . 
  and it worked wonders for them . 
  then they tried to play `` attractive football '' and are now literally worse than faroe islands . 
  no it is n't , finglish is . 
  not shou emousshi\u00f6ns . 
  haha , the latvian girl still comes off cute even when trying to so sound angry . 
  afaik nobody close to holding any real power has proposed or even discussed it . 
  public opinion ? 
  do n't know . 
  on one had we 're very conservative and pragmatic when it comes to economy , on the other , everyone likes free money , right ?
