  alternative : do n't create kosovo and get just as many or more refugees from serbian governed kosovo , except their claims of persecution would probably have some merit . 
  are they ? 
  ah , the famous bekaa valley , where every white person is a walking bag of money . 
  not common at all . 
  there are some nudist beach areas here and there ( never been to one ) but that 's about it . 
  it just seems like american universities are being quite wasteful with money and making the students pay for it . 
  you do n't really need lavish everything , there is even an undeniable charm to a poor scrimping and saving student . 
   you can still get a very good university education for very little money . 
  there is a lot of grant and scholarship money available , too . 
  it 's the big-name schools that charge the most . 
  figured that , going to an ivy league uni is as much of a status symbol as it is actual education . 
  i 've always wondered how come education costs so much in the us ( and some other countries ) ? 
  what is it they provide that is so much better and expensive ? 
  because it 's not like their faculty ( most of them anyway ) roll in money either . 
  eric bana 's character 's reasoning in munich . 
  spoiler : the snow is mostly gone now . 
  justin bieber is still popular ? 
  well fuck me ... 
  according to my nephew that means you 're old . 
  as am i. 
  it is but it 's not a sovereign state . 
  * 1918-1940 : very unstable times as several pms held the office for less than a year , then after the 1934 coup p\u00e4ts took over as state elder until the soviet occupation in 1940 . 
  average time in office : less than a year and a half . 
  * 1944-1992 , the estonian government in exile had 7 de jure acting pms . 
  average time in office : just under 7 years . 
  * 1991/1992-present : the 90s were rather turbulent with 2 acting pms and 5 pms . 
  since 2002 , we 've had 4 pms with andrus ansip being somewhat of an anomaly in estonian politics having stayed in the office for nearly 9 years . 
  the current pm has been in the office for under 2 years . 
  average time in office : over 2 years . 
  some people are still living in a black and white world of isis bad guys and refugee good guys . 
  in reality , any disgruntled muslim can become an isis fighter and an isis fighter can decide he has cut enough heads and start yearning for the soft underbelly of europe . 
  afaik that only applies to those having dual citizenship so they would not be left stateless , i reckon most french-born terrorists also hold a citizenship of some arab/african country . 
  i wonder how many of those volvos still drive around north korea ... 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's stupid crazy . 
  the eastern bloc cars on the streets , the clothes people wear and anti-nato slogans in the 80s pics were also a bit of a giveaway . 
  i so love these . 
  wish they 'd used colour for the 80s pics , though , no need to try and make them look older this way . 
  surely they all have an economic motive . 
  that does n't mean they ca n't also be refugees but one does n't spend thousands of euros and cross several safe countries just to escape the war . 
  just because it 's legal does n't mean everyone has it , though . 
  a map showing average age of losing virginity might paint a whole different picture . 
  in estonia , subtitles are a lot more common . 
  dubbing is usually reserved for kids movies ( shrek , ice age etc ) . 
  i definitely prefer subs to dubbing . 
  nowadays i basically only watch english language movies on my computer without needing either . 
  * the more things are forbidden , the more popular they become . 
  the uk already have their glorious opt-out from `` migrant sharing '' and the ones camping outside of calais will be there regardless of eu membership . 
  deterring unwanted third world migrants is the one thing leaving the eu definitely would n't achieve . 
  log houses are pretty big in estonia . 
  you can find some companies here : [ woodhouse.ee ] ( http://www.woodhouse.ee/en ) hope this helps . 
  they should 've come here , i 'm sure our sewage would 've blown their minds . 
  [ kiiking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiiking ) it 's not very popular but it 's not as stupid or easy as it might seem , it takes strength and technique . 
  i 've only ever done it on a smaller `` kiddie '' swing and it took me a while to do a 360 . 
  * have an estonian flag in my home ( on my desk ) . 
  * no flag bumber stickers . 
  * i vote . 
  * empathize with significant events in my country . 
  * i like our nonchalant , blunt and pragmatic way of life and would find the lack of it elsewhere irritating . 
  * would n't consider moving abroad , unless it 's temporary and highly beneficial . 
  * would defend my country , with my life if necessary . 
  france does n't need the eu to clean house . 
  [ meanwhile in japan ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pogaeuxkey ), 
  it 's kind of an awkward time to buy fighter jets now as there are n't really any designs that would be modern , combat proven and reasonably priced . 
  buying newer f-16s might well be the best value for money . 
  the gripen might be a newer design but not necessarily a better one . 
  no hockey ? 
  we sometimes played it in school , have n't played it since . 
  i know the name of exactly one estonian professional handball player . 
  it 's not a sport we discuss with our friends like football or basketball . 
  that 's about it . 
  what is it then ? 
  tip for good policing ? 
  w\u00f6rk is life !, 
  come watch us next time when we 're doing a mcdonald 's employee stream . 
  we 've had a few accidents here over the years . 
  and people say it 's not realistic when things like this happen in action movies . 
  [ bottom one here takes the cake . 
  for once , we 're having a linguistic bro out with latvia instead of finland . 
  and what response should there be ? 
  ca n't keep them out , ca n't keep letting them in . 
  tl ; dr : life in internationally unrecognized regions and frozen conflicts sucks , russia got itself a northern cyprus . 
  what orkish language you welsh have ... 
  7-year vow of silence , broken because of a squirrel . 
  well , he is british , he ca n't get a job done without the polish . 
  when humanist ideals collide with reality ... 
  yeah , that 's a write-off . 
   china tops the list with 324 citizens caught in turkey fighting for isil . 
  russia comes second as 99 foreign fighters with russian passports were caught in turkey , while the palestinians made up the third country in the list with 83 fighters . 
  there were also 63 fighters from turkmenistan , 57 from afghanistan , and 44 from indonesia . 
  china ? 
  what the devil ... 
  it 's that other one !, 
  it 's pointless to make any projections now as long as the growing numbers of mostly male migrants keep pouring in . 
  i remember the name kernes as the one who got shot ( and survived ) . 
  that 's what i keep hearing about all larger british cities other than london . 
  people like london and the smaller cities , nobody ever likes birmingham , manchester , leeds ... 
  no , not just merkel . 
  german politicians , media and public alike all rode that `` refugees welcome '' bandwagon for months and months and in doing so created the narrative of germany being the promised land , while simultaneously chastising right-wingers , the uk and eastern europe who told them they do n't know what they 're doing . 
  germans are at fault for thinking there is some kind of feasible solution to this mother of all clusterfucks , that they 'd only get a manageable amount of migrants and after that the flow would somehow stop .
