  it 's not exactly a secret the finnish economy is n't doing too well , so while they probably want the f-35 , the current situation might force them to consider a cheaper alternative . 
  in one word : unavoidable ca n't burn fossils forever , ca n't go fully renewable . 
  as of yet , there is no viable alternative to nuclear energy . 
  in cities too ? 
  like kaunas , vilnius ... not just the small towns . 
  if so , good on you . 
  the finnish guys on this military forum i browse from time to time are all convinced it 's going to be f-35 and have been for some time . 
  the turks will tell you . 
  something my bus driver grandfather said people used to do in this country but not anymore . 
  sad really . 
  ca n't help but wonder what would be the retirement age for a prostitute ... 
  i 'm afraid [ you give us guys too much credit . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3327641/single-woman-turns-tables-men-sends-potential-dates-unsolicited-pictures-vagina-horrified-respond-crude-enthusiasm.html ) brain shuts down when pussy is involved . 
  in estonia , a former basketballer was found murdered in 2011 . 
  some russian thugs were arrested later and it came out they used a young girl offering sex for money to lure him there . 
  now obviously he did n't deserve to get killed but nonetheless stupidly followed his dick to his end . 
  tbh , if you 'd create fake profiles of hot women pretending to be up for it and willing to meet , you 'd lure a lot more horny straight guys . 
  also meet loads of horny gay guys who fancy you in the process . 
  it 's ( some of ) oecd , not europe . 
  canada is up there too but not the us . 
  we do n't take antidepressants , we self-medicate with booze . 
  warning : results are mixed . 
   french use an electronic scanning system to track who has already reached the limit of a drink per day . 
  what , no honour system ? 
   the 1900 painting ` young negro-girl ' for instance , will now be called ` young girl holding a fan ' . 
  fine , negro is offensive but how about something like ` young caribbean girl ' or w/e ? 
  i agree this does look very much like a yet another attempt to remove all references to race even though the said girl being exotic looking was probably the only reason the artist chose to paint her . 
  the uk definitely imports a lot of income inequality . 
  there are the ultra-rich and there are the general masses of poor working migrants/benefits seekers . 
  not that many average families with stable income , 2 kids , a dog and a mortgage migrating to the uk . 
  it 's so embarrassing they actually bothered to reply . 
  clowns all around . 
  does the 1 % include all the resident arab oil princes , russian oligarchs and indian tycoons ? 
  surely you can just walk anywhere in reykjavik ? 
  unless you guys literally drink until you drop . 
  the police - unlike taxi , they do n't charge you a fare and you get to play guess what stain that is while driving . 
  did n't he get sacked later ? 
  i think you 'll find someone saying they came from a dick to be broadly accurate if speaking in terms of the process of insemination . 
  through peshmerga i imagine , europe has been supplying them for a while now . 
  mostly second-hand g3s and small arms but probably some missiles too . 
  using trained canines in apprehending dangerous suspects is a standard practice . 
  reminds me of an old law and order episode . 
  hard to imagine this kind of stuff actually happens or that some people would rather be slaves in a rich country than live in their poorer home country . 
  belgium has some major european transit hubs like antwerp , it 's a fair assumption you have * a lot * of stuff going through your country , guns included . 
  i still see one major flaw in this plan , though . 
  even if you strip him of his french citizenship you probably still ca n't deport him on account of his other citizenship being most likely that of an islamic country that allows torture in prisons or some other european human rights violations . 
   hollande urged lawmakers to approve a three-month extension of the nation 's state of emergency , new laws that would allow authorities to strip the citizenship from *** french-born *** terrorists and provisions making it easier to deport suspected terrorists . 
  from the article , mate . 
  fine by me but how exactly can other european countries help protect france from the people they have imported and their homegrown offspring ? 
   there were still more arrests for other types of terrorism ( motivated by separatism , for example ) in europe in 2013 so what , spanish police arresting 10 catalan youths for throwing rocks at a police car during a protest are worse than 9 jihadi killers for example ? 
  afaik he was n't al-qaeda but anti-assad or w/e . 
  then someone on twitter used the pic and spinned the story saying he was . 
  found the article . 
  syrian guy , from a town called ar-raqqah . 
  the interview from 2013 was pretty basic , `` my enemy is bashar ( al-assad ) , he 's a murderer '' etc but does n't say anywhere he is al-qaeda . 
  i also find it very unlikely our journalist was just casually interviewing al-qaeda members . 
  originial source in estonian only . 
  i think we missed our best chance to act in 2013 ( obama 's red line ) , back when the casualties were lower and weapon stockpiles less speard out . 
  now the whole situation is so messy it 's unlikely an open invasion would improve it in any way , instead we 'd just get blamed for what ever else goes tits up in that damn region . 
  besides , now we also have to consider russia is already there backing their boy assad . 
  well according to our neighbouring countries we 're extremely slow so it 'll probably quiet down by the time we get there anyway . 
  reckon the euro 's held next year in france will have the record amount of security personnel . 
  france just ca n't catch a break . 
  i knew the story but had no idea it still stands . 
  * `` i 'm gon na keep it british . 
  '' * god , i love british panels . 
  we already sent most of our old soviet equipment to iraq . 
  wonder how much of it is in the hands of is fighters now . 
  i think he means the famous machine gun . 
  czech designed but adopted by allies in wwii , becoming their primary machine gun . 
  central powers are very steampunk . 
  usually when it comes to bigger purchases it 's either spread over several years or extra budget money is being allocated . 
  also $ 600m for 84 strykers is way too much . 
  something is off here . 
  besides , was n't lithuania going for boxer ? 
   we need to just give up on drug testing all together . 
  why do n't we attempt to just create the greatest human beings ever , via any means possible ? 
  i want to see a steroids olympics where anything goes . 
  well , the two obvious reasons are : * unknown or harmful long-term side effects . 
  * would make the competitions more about chemistry than athletics . 
  but yeah , i 'd unban some more widespread and generally harmless drugs . 
  the problem is populations of many of those countries have grown 10 times since and continue to grow . 
  there is no way to manage states with such birth rates . 
  so few breweries in spain and ukraine . 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  pointless for each of us to have our own national flag carrier really , might as well just have airbaltic like the scandinavians have sas . 
  perhaps but it has it 's charms . 
  especially considering it 's fellow redditors making them . 
  i think i 've been spoiled by polandball and now find all other cartoons shit . 
  so dublin is literally a shithole ? 
  agreed . 
  maybe even younger than 15 . 
  once you 're too old to build forts and have snowball fights it becomes pointless . 
  black pool in ireland is roughly just across from the blackpool in britain . 
  utterly stupid and pointless . 
  nothing weirder than seeing adults literally squealing over the sight of snow . 
  wooo , numba 1 , numba 1 !, 
  ( achieved all by us with no help from the finns , of course ), 
  the migrants are n't coming because of the us or russia , they 're coming because some eu memberstates like sweden and germany have very generous refugee policies . 
  well yes , the 3 coalition parties we have in the government now ( re - libs , sde - social dems and irl - conservatives ) are and always have been overwhelmingly pro-eu , especially the libs .
