  learning chinese is actually surprisingly pointless from a `` global business '' pov as every relevant chinese person of this generation already either speaks english or has an interpreter/pa following them everywhere . 
  the next generation is not only fluent , but often also studies in the west . 
  edit : some of you seem to have taken my comment the wrong way . 
  obviously learning chinese is n't completely pointless . 
  if you 're actually living in china or come in to contact with many chinese people from different walks of life on regular basis , knowing chinese will surely prove both useful and a nice gesture , but that 'll be a small minority of us europeans/north americans . 
  i was distinctively referring to importance of the chinese language in a global sense . 
  us millennials have grown up constantly hearing about how china will be biggest economy , most important country etc and how we should all start learning chinese because of it , and that simply is n't the case . 
  business with china will continue just as it has before without it . 
  china is n't a global cultural and media powerhouse the us are nor does it have the means and ambitions to usurp the position of the english language as the world 's lingua franca . 
  if anything , the opposite is much more likely to happen in east asia . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  for instance , we have no idea how things would 've turned out if it was the other brother who happened to be gifted at a certain martial art or any other sport for that matter . 
  honestly , the situation in western european `` molenbeeks '' sounds not unlike that of american ghettos where a sports scholarship can be what separates a life of fame and fortune and dealing drugs or other crime with an eventual possibility of jihadism in case of muslims . 
  is the right answer . 
  no , that 's swamp german . 
  * sigh * , i miss top gear . 
  not surprising at all . 
  we 're more developed than most of the world , consume a lot and have very few energy sources of our own ( most of us anyway ) . 
  europe has the perfect motivation . 
  i love how on # 36 it just says kleines cafe ( small cafe ) . 
  that sweet trade surplus . 
  idk if they are , but they should n't be counted . 
  for example , what about team sports such as basketball , several estonians there along with lithuanians , russians , georgians etc , who 'd get those medals ? 
   burkini ... and there 's my word of the day !, 
  indeed . 
  if there are violent heterosexual gangs of rapists roaming around the middle east , why ca n't there be homosexual gangs of rapists ? 
  oh , you know , israel is special . 
  the bulk of it is from the us , obviously . 
  i 've noticed that too , but i think it might have something to do with norway not wanting to work with eurostat , perhaps ? 
  ----- i know that , but what i 'm wondering is what exactly do they mean by that ? 
  does it mean whether i support the existance of military in general ? 
  or does it mean i support the current defence policy ? 
  or does it mean i think the defence budget is of appropriate size and/or spent wisely ? 
  or maybe i think the military is planning a turkey-style coup ? 
  this list could go on . 
  same person could answer these questions very differently . 
  what exactly do they mean by ` trust ' ? 
  i can understand trusting/not trusting politicans , judicial system etc , but one does n't really ` trust ' the military , the military does n't affect the general public . 
   swedian or denmarkian both of those should be words . 
  like * this sausage is very denmarkian . 
   whilst angels etc watch ( presumably ) those dirty pervy angels ... 
  romania was one of the biggest winners of the wwi , getting pretty much everything it wanted , both politically and in terms of territory . 
  there was rapid growth after the war , that 's just a fact , yet for some reason this graph does n't show it at all . 
  apparently building commieblocks so that the rural population can flock to the cities * en masse * is better for the economy than being the second largest oil and food producer in europe , go figure . 
  [ it does receive aid like one ... : / ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_foreign_aid_recipients ), 
  europe and the whole world was much more agricultural back then , there was only a handful of countries whose top exports were n't food/timber . 
  so basically no difference between being a turkish vassal ( start ) and an independent rapidly industrializing petro-state ( interwar ) , then sudden growth under communists ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm very suspicious about the methodology used here , to say the least . 
  no idea who this guy is , but 12 and a half years on a corruption charge seems pretty steep . 
  how much for murder in russia ? 
  doubt it . 
  romanian public transportation needs to start hiring german 11-year-olds , everyone will win . 
  also you could probably get them to work for like a sandwich and a juicebox . 
  i 've since moved on to other things . 
  i said until 10 , because i got my first camera for my 10th birthday and that 's when i got into photography , but as a kid , in my spare time , i would sometimes genuinely get on a bus and do the whole route , just sitting there quietly and pretending it was really me driving it , watching the people get on and off etc. 
   big bus enthusiast that was me age 6 to like maybe 10 . who do you want to be when you grow up ? 
  a firefighter ? 
  no , a *** bus driver *** . 
  i can very much picture him standing on a balcony , one leg raised up behind him , san lorenzo fan scarf around his neck , yelling `` ayy , ciao bella ! '', 
  to every pretty girl passing by below . 
  first of , lets face it , there are n't many leaders who 'd cede a large territory just like that , fanatics or not . 
  second , it would n't really change anything . 
  today , many turkish kurds no longer live in the turkish kurdistan and have moved to more prosperous cities in the west . 
  the hostilities there would continue like before , except now the kurdish groups would also have a safe territory to operate from . 
  third . 
  there are many turks living in turkish kurdistan who absolutely demonstrably do n't want to live in a kurdish ruled state . 
  what of them ? 
  an independent northern kurdistan would be no solution at all unless accompanied by massive and violent population transfers and heavily militarized borders . 
   * an unemployment rate that 's been rising for at least five years straight now ( 8.43 % \u2192 10.77 % , with 18 % for those below 24yo )  * a gdp that 's fallen by 8.7 % from ' 13 - '16  * an inflation rate at an average a 8.5 % for every year from ' 06 - '16 ( currently at 9.8 % ) tons of refugees and a growing conflict between turks and kurds has obviously reflected poorly on the economy , especially turism . 
  you ca n't really fault erdogan for this , no one has a solution to this ethnic quagmire . 
  unemployment has gone up largely because the population growth is too high , especially in less developed kurdish regions . 
  gdp has contracted in many countries . 
  if you think any of this warrants a coup and a regime change , then greece and italy should topple their governments as well . 
  for the same reasons many turks in turkey support erdogan , i suppose . 
  it does n't look like it 's going to fit . 
  they even speak your language . 
  and not a single fuck was given that day ... 
  obviously the vast majority of people who live in a shoddy apartment and drive a fancy car are just people with poor judgement . 
  although , i suppose many criminals would meet the criteria as they 're more likely to be from a poor neighbourhood and not very good at managing their ill-gotten money . 
  thus the stereotype of a drug dealer who rolls around the ghetto in his big shiny suv . 
  and this being the internet , a time traveller is much more plausible than a cute girl . 
  it 's a known fact eastern european women can cross any terrain in high heels . 
  he said kick turkey out of nato , not leave the base ... 
  yes , because the best way to help turkey stabilize is to burn the bridges we already have with them ... 
  sometimes . 
  the less extreme version of this can also be observed in estonia . 
  meriv\u00e4lja * home : 300 m ^ 2 house with a massive yard and a pool . 
  * car : 15-year-old volvo or a minivan . 
  lasnam\u00e4e * home : shitty 1-2 room commieblock apartment . 
  * car : new mercedes , bmw or a range rover , parked right next to the building because the owner is too cheap to pay for a parking lot space . 
  most wanted \u2260 worst criminal til there 's an eu most wanted list . 
  the only one i 've heard of before is messina denaro , the mob boss . 
  meh , i think it still is . 
  faint praise , though . 
  feels like i have no roads at all . 
   and in ninja warrior they are just trying to get through a steeplechase . 
  so very disappointing . 
  what was the job ? 
  so ... are there many swedish tv shows where women kick the shit out of each other ?
