  might as well make it permanent . 
  `` forcing '' people to stay in their country would give incentive to improve it , running away from it just leaves greece in perpetual decline . 
  the clubs they 're wielding are in fact stale baguettes . 
  french military cutbacks have been worse than previously thought . 
  do n't think i 've ever heard of anyone or anything being described as `` genlty boring '' before . 
  are there that many macedonians of bulgarian heritage or is it just anyone from fyrom ? 
  also , when such macedonians with bulgarian passports move to other eu countries , do they count as immigrants from bulgaria or macedonia ? 
  passports ? 
   the czech czech ** ia ** would like to have a word with you . 
  perhaps not as many , but plenty . 
  just like we all have pizza and sushi restaurants everywhere without being flooded by italians and japanese . 
  it 's skittles !, 
  a * lot * less than the us sells to europe . 
  besides , most of the european designed equipment is produced in the us under license . 
  portugal can into slavic . 
  your only neighbour is the us , do you really need a larger military ? 
  unless you 're thinking of going to war with denmark over hans island that is , 
  another exception was that in britain , there was a real stay/leave divide within the major political parties ( conservatives , labour ) , whereas in europe , the ruling parties are overwhelmingly pro-eu . 
  you will find very very few women who can match a strong fit male . 
  one go and i ca n't do it either . 
  80 sit-ups is easy , though , and my 2 miles time should be close to 13:18 . 
  mind you however , that 's for max points . 
  they might 've changed it since my service . 
  combat situations care not for gender equality and the simple fact is a weak man will still be stronger than vast majority of women . 
  to get a max points on the nato physical fitness test , a guy my age ( 27 ) needs to do : * 75 push-ups * 80 sit-ups ( hands behind your head ) * run 3.2 km ( 2 miles ) in under 13:18 for women it 's : * 50 push-ups * 80 sit-ups * run 3.2 km ( 2 miles ) in under 17:30, 
  someone 's salty . 
  what were the odds on eder scoring the winner ? 
  he had just 3 goals in 28 games before yesterday . 
  one of them against us in our 0-7 collapse , that is pretty crap . 
  germany is paying the price for letting pep staff bayern with foreign players . 
  same happened with spain and barcelona ( although not so much under pep ) . 
   train estonians as the alliances cyber-sex experts i 'm game < 3, 
  not a huge athletics fan , but most big names who are n't injured/returning from unjuries seemed to be there . 
  the russians are banned . 
  turkey has managed to recruit like half of kenya it seems . 
  which ones ? 
  i guess it also depends on one 's definition of fully functional . 
  would you consider an autocratic state that avoids turmoil by the virtue of having oil money a functional one ? 
  and as result , poland was razed to the ground and handed over to the russians after . 
  the high road is not always the wisest . 
  for example , by your definition , mannerheim was a thousand times the collaborator bandera was yet he has all kinds of honours in finland and no-one cares . 
  literally everyone in the soviet union was a nazi collaborator as the soviet union and germany worked together before hitler stabbed stalin in the back etc. 
  so what would you have him do ? 
  not everyone had the luxury of fleeing and shaking their fist from afar like de gaulle . 
  france had lost the war , that was a reality someone had to face up to . 
  petain was a tragic figure who was forced to eat the greatest shit sandwich in french history . 
  because it 's wrong . 
  leon degrelle and vidkun quisling were nazi collaborators . 
  bandera was a ukrainian nationalist who sought an independent ukrainian state . 
  by definition , this meant he and germany had a common enemy in russia and poland and both sides tried to use the other as much as they could to their own advantage , however they had completely different goals . 
  such nazi collaborater the nazis put him in a concentration camp ... 
  * i 'm all for nato but the simple truth is what is n't ours , is n't ours . 
  i wish our government would understand this . 
  one should never rely on outsiders too much , it is both dangerous and undignified . 
  * there is no need for any foreign troops here . 
  all these articles on how my beloved homeland is supposed to become the next european warzone have been a nauseating read . 
  the media loves exaggerations and clickbaits so much it 's ridiculous . 
  * the units sent make no sense . 
  i could 've understood something like a sam battery ... joint air defence strategy and all that . 
  a battalion + sized unit of combat ready ground troops is an overkill for a show the flag mission , which is what it really is , since any actual deterrence would invlove a much greater force . 
  * hosting foreign troops will cost us and our own military will suffer for it . 
  * once they 're here , they will need something to do . 
  meaning our military will have to introduce more exercises etc. 
  something that will once again cost us and take away resources and focus from developing our independent capabilities . 
  * odds are this will end up hurting our relations with our partners rather than improving them . 
  lets face it , troops in foreign deployments on leave tend to be a rowdy crowd , shit will happen . 
  in germany , japan , the anti-nato/us sentiments run pretty high in places near these military bases . 
  with reason , i imagine . 
  how many `` fully functional '' non-secular muslim countries would you say there are ? 
  how popular is bullfighting in todays spain anyway ? 
  i mean , how often you have bullfights and how big of a crowd they attract ? 
  i 'm probably the minority here , but i did n't want foreign troops in estonia . 
  bunch of nothing in regards to georgia and ukraine as suspected . 
  do n't know about always . 
  no one really wanted jews tbh . 
  in the 1930s , before the wwii , there was even a german-polish-french-british joint plan to resettle the european jews in madagascar . 
   us is a christian , white , anglo-saxon nation . 
  while not exclusively of british decent , all of the so-called founding fathers were indeed white , protestant , english-speaking and north-western european , and that is what the us is in it 's core and always will be . 
  everyone else just adapted . 
  irish and poles were considered second rates for generations on account of them being catholic , italians were n't even considered to be true whites at first by many ... even the nordics were called squareheads and percieved as genetically dim-witted . 
  had the founding fathers been black , arab or chinese , the us today would 've been a completely different country . 
  and while ideals might be pretty , the reality is you still have race riots and 5 cops killed just yesterday . 
  something that would never happen in homogeneous poland or czech republic . 
  if they ca n't get a job in britain being british , they 'll probably not going to find one in europe . 
  not to mention they will enjoy a higher quality of life sitting on welfare in the uk than working in many european countries . 
  if they do leave , they go to australia or north america , which is something quite a lot of them do actually . 
  you 're a fool if you think they were n't discriminated before . 
  everyone was just willing to put up with it because at the end of the day they were still earning more than in their home countries . 
  granted the latest news coverage might deter a small number of would-be migrants . 
  to some extent , it 'll always be us vs them . 
  life is a competition . 
  albanians used to be in the top until germany adopted a tougher stance on obvious economic migrants . 
  that and fences . 
  any information as to where are they coming from ? 
  completely unnecessary , but we all saw this coming . 
  to get that medal of his . 
  czech republic , fuck yeah !, 
  guns , fuck yeah !, 
  beer , fuck yeah !, 
  more beer , fuck yeah !,
