  not estonians anyway . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kuzwkmh.png ) it 's a common misconception . 
  for example the last official census showed over 75k children between the ages of 0-4 . 
  58k out of those were estonians and 17k others ( mostly soviet imported russian speakers ) . 
  meanwhile in the 50-54 old age group ( those born during the so-called khrushchev thaw which most people describe as the `` nicest '' soviet period ) we have over 91k people but only 56k of them are estonian . 
  bottom line is - no , we are not dying out !, 
  we are simply no longer being drowned out in our own country . 
  also you have to remember the baltic population pyramids are anything but normal . 
  since soviet migrants came in waves , their proportions in the population pyramid vary by a lot and the results of current trends and birth rates wo n't reveal themselves until later , especially after the today 45-55 year olds start dying off . 
  the generations dying off today are the pre-wwii ones , estonians from before the soviet occupation . 
  it is not before the post-wwii russian migrant generations start dying off that we 'll see the real situation . 
  same happens in latvia , more or less . 
  this is why one should study the whole population pyramid before jumping to any conclusions . 
  if someone were to research birth rates among ethnic native europeans only , we 'd probably be somewhere upfront . 
  while western europeans are slowly losing their countries to migrants , we are slowly getting ours back . 
   what 's our prize ? 
  [ special trip to siberia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwlkilxbghg ), 
  this is / r/europe , where every single eu redditor is the embodiment of the eu . 
  [ the commie-nazis are coming !, 
  ] ( http://www.criticalcommons.org/members/ccmanager/clips/simpsonss09e23_mcbaincommienazis.mp4/view ), 
  vast majority of refugees are from syria , nigeria , gambia , mali , car and eritrea . 
  when did we bomb any of them ? 
  only syria is a legit warzone , the one where we did n't go in . 
  the rest are just poor , overpopulated and corrupt countries and they got this way all on their own , in fact , often acting against western advice . 
  because the western approach that worked well on former axis countries after wwii , east asia , post-soviet eastern europe and former yugoslavia , something the cynics sarcastically refer to as `` exporting democracy '' does not work on africa and the middle east . 
  nothing does and nothing will until they change their mentality . 
  conveying modern values and ideals to medieval mindsets is a futile effort . 
  if there is a better solution , let us hear it . 
  iraq and the arab spring uprisings have nothing in common besides all nations in question being arabic . 
  iraq was a stable dictatorship that got invaded by the us-led coalition , in arab spring we had nations rising up against their dictators with different results . 
  and i 'm not forgetting anything , the current libyan civil war is but a series of skirmishes , nothing compared to syria , so yes it is still better . 
  there is always some interference by everyone with an agenda . 
  always has , always will . 
  nations shove their noses into other countries business all the time for what ever reasons . 
  case in point here is in libya the west helped the uprising and the casualties there are limited to some 10k + and no waves of refugees , in syria the west offered only minimal support and the result is assad and the uprising still wage their war with more than 300k dead and millions displaced . 
  now tell me which course of action was better ? 
  you can always `` do better '' but real life in real time rarely provides good options . 
  can we just dispense with this stupid notion ? 
  if `` we '' did n't bomb libya , there would 've been a much bloodier conflict now , just like in syria . 
  and we would also be getting actual libyan refugees from lybia on top of the poor from overpopulated sub-saharan countries . 
  positive rolemodels in mass media for starters . 
  do n't laugh , people are much more susceptible than we think . 
  if you make a ton of tv shows about skanks obsessed with drama and rich , carefree lifestyle , you 'll get skanks obsessed with drama and money . 
  make more popular shows where the cool , young , good-looking couples also have children and having some on your own will suddenly feel like a lot less of a drag for many . 
  their list is also seriously outdated . 
  i mean ojuland ? 
  she has n't been relevant in years . 
  pretty obvious they just added a bunch of former foreign ministers to make the list longer . 
  can we get a before/after game of thrones for ~ ~ king 's landing ~ ~ croatia ? 
  stop thinking about adding financial benefits and start thinking about changing perceptions . 
  as long as young people will continue thinking having children is the end of their youth , they wo n't have them . 
  inb4 greeks and turks, 
  giovanni giustiniani was quite the man . 
  member of one of the richest and most powerful families in genoa , living in absolute luxury . 
  traded it all to help defend the city he was born in against overwhelming odds and died doing so . 
  to be fair , it actually has become somewhat more competitive with 3-5 guys fighting for championship title/top 3 . 
  that 's more than it was when schumacher dominated everything . 
  how is the guy btw ? 
  i think not . 
  dat indian brain drain :(, 
  i love the logic behind this . 
  * ugh , no electricity . 
  ca n't watch tv or play videogames , the computer battery has run out ... sigh ... 
  i guess we 'll have to resort to having sex ... *, 
  how is that even comparable ? 
  first of , the russian sanctions are a joke . 
  second , they 're not there because of us and third the russian `` sanction war '' affected us way more than it did austria . 
  and it 's not only taking part in things i like . 
  i do n't want italy or greece to suffer because of extra migrants either but it 's not like opening even more gates to even more migrants will stop them from coming . 
  italy and greece need a right to deport them back , not a right to pass them on to others . 
  still better than having the `` american '' or `` mexican '' language option . 
  also saudi arabia has dibs on arabic and is ghanaian even a language ? 
  step your game up , shana thompson !, 
  might as well just copy my own post from the czech topic . 
  this ill-conceived system where every illegal that crosses over has to be treated as an asylum seeker the moment he mutters the words needs to go . 
  these initial groups of migrants are but a tip of the iceberg , add family reunification and their birth rates and their numbers will grow exponentially . 
  besides , this is not a one-time deal , as long as europe keeps accepting them , they will continue to come . 
  not a single country that has opened it 's gates to african and middle-eastern migration has yet to get it under control . 
  to think it will be different with those coming under the aegis of asylum seeking is naive and foolhardy at best . 
  there are over a billion people who could claim asylum in europe and their numbers will only continue to grow no matter how many europe takes in . 
  half of africa is in some sort of turmoil at any given time because of their overpopulation . 
  there are no hitlers or stalins bulldozing over independent states in africa or middle-east , their conflicts are internal and driven by overpopulation and lack of resources . 
  most of them have been independent for over 50 years , that 's more than enough time to pull your shit together . 
  instead they chose to breed like crazy despite already being poor . 
  add corrupt and undemocratic regimes and the stage is set for conflicts with divides obviously running across various ethnic and religious groups . 
  europe is not and can not be held responsible for any of that . 
  there are still plenty of poor people in europe struggling to make a living , especially in the eastern parts , most countries are buried under debt and greece is on the verge of default . 
  my own nation narrowly escaped being drowned out in our own country just few decades ago , the lasting consequences of which we are and will still be forced to deal with for generations to come . 
  the entire north-western russia is a graveyard of finnic cultures and languages and i 'll be damned if we escaped their fate just to voluntarily let ourselves be drowned out by africans and middle-easterners . 
  if some countries are willing to fade as nations in the name of `` humanism '' , it 's their prerogative but do n't expect others to do the same . 
  also $ 6k per `` refugee '' and $ 43m to `` develop refugee politics '' for such a relatively small number of people is moronic . 
  this money would go a lot further helping people on site rather than putting them through levels of bureaucracy and hoping it somehow works . 
  this being said , i 'm fairly certain this proposition wo n't pass seeing how many european countries oppose it . 
  yes and no . 
  literacy rates do n't mean much if your english is poor which i 'm sure is often the case . 
  however overall school system in eastern europe is better than in the west , especially when it comes to subjects such as math , biology , chemistry and physics . 
  i ca n't blame him . 
  this ill-conceived system where every illegal that crosses over has to be treated as an asylum seeker the moment he mutters the words needs to go . 
  these initial groups of migrants are but a tip of the iceberg , add family reunification and their birth rates and their numbers will grow exponentially . 
  besides , this is not a one-time deal , as long as europe keeps accepting them , they will continue to come .
