  it 's sad because it 's true . 
  agreed until this part :  if you go west , do n't ever let anyone make you feel guilty for it . 
  you owe nothing . 
  it 's a good thing not everyone thinks like that , otherwise the world would 've ran out of decent places to live and work a long time ago . 
  this mentality is n't much different from that of africans zerg rushing the european borders . 
  i think we can . 
  he is literally the worst criminal in norwegian history , it stands to reason he will never be let out . 
  which does n't mean there wo n't be a media circus every time he 'll be up for parole . 
  war such as in syria ? 
  war such as occasionally a bomb goes off somewhere like in many african countries ? 
  21st century france , one of the most developed places in the world , powerless in face of raggedy guys who can barely spell their own name . 
  then to the country they came from . 
  here we go again . 
  everyone either trying to find reasons why they should n't accept africans and middle easterners or trying to find reasons why some else should take on theirs . 
  how about rather than playing hot potato , we get together and reform the echr ? 
  make the pretext under which one can claim asylum tighter and more clear-cut . 
  establish from which countries people can or can not claim asylum ( make white lists longer ) . 
  deport everyone who does n't fall within one of these perimeters swiftly . 
  if the countries refuse to take them back , cut their foreign aid . 
  arrest and deport everyone acting like the ones scrounging in calais , stop country shopping . 
  blaming each other is always easier but it does n't accomplish anything , meanwhile the situation will only get worse . 
  a massive new world multicultural melting pot such as the us will always have much higher crime rates compared to small and relatively homogeneous welfare states such as norway/sweden . 
  if the us adopted a cushy nordic prison system it would only make matters worse because the criminals would abuse the hell out of it . 
  except they would n't call themselves the islamic party openly but instead it would be `` for minority rights and freedom party '' or something like that . 
  quite frankly , western europe should consider itself lucky most muslims are politically inept and unable to form muslim/immigrant parties . 
  otherwise elections would be all sorts of fun . 
   am i supposed to date an african man ? 
  if you 're into them , by all means , go ahead . 
  anyway , it 's pointless to cry about it . 
  keep in mind that no matter what the statistics say there are still tens of thousands of single young women out there at any given point . 
  just work on your appearance , be witty and charming and you 'll be golden . 
  however it will become worrying if this trend goes on for much longer . 
  the countryside will experience it first though because a lot more women than men move from villages and smalltowns to cities . 
  the russians is estonia have a serious hiv epidemic too but it 's mostly caused by drug addicts sharing needles , not sex . 
  i reckon it 's the same in russia . 
  it 's a date !, 
  interwar lithuania was considerably worse off than estonia and latvia . 
  lithuania was more agrarian and had a [ conflict with poland over vilnius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuania%e2%80%93poland_relations#interbellum ) which damaged their economy greatly . 
  also economists did n't use gnp back then and a lot of this estimated by the author in 1976 , during the cold war . 
  he probably did n't know about nor bothered too much with the baltics . 
  it 's kind of obvious he 's lowballing the east in general . 
  italy and ireland are also probably too high given how the people were fleeing from these countries to america because of poverty during that time . 
  budget revenue per capita in 1937 : finland - 25.4 usd estonia - 22.3 usd somewhat ahead but not by much . 
  the one industry where finland was ahead of estonia was shipbuilding , other than that , pretty much the same economy and quality of life . 
  everyone missing the real gem here :  then the telephone rang . 
  it was the police and they wanted to invite ahmed out for a cup of coffee . 
   immigrants from spain emigrants from spain * it 's even worse over here but the pattern is similar in many eu countries - young women moving to wealthier eu countries and young non-eu males moving in . 
  retired people do n't usually live very long . 
  i remember reading an archives article from the 80s on how japan will overtake the us in both population and as an economy by the turn of the century . 
  such calculations are based on an assumption everything will stay the same and growth/decline will continue at the same rate , however nothing ever does stay the same for very long . 
  did you get your answer ? 
   interesting that syria was not on that list not at all , it usually takes years for one to become a citizen . 
  most nations require a person must live in the country for x years before they can be naturalized , not to mention learning the language and all that jazz . 
  also a refugee is a refugee , not an immigrant . 
  it does ; boycott - boikott, 
  is it just the 5,945 kroner or they get various other benefits ? 
  like where they live ? 
  there 's probably too much animosity for this to work anyway . 
  you ca n't combat such `` segregation '' . 
  migrants stick together for the same reasons many people do n't want immigrants - people like living among their own . 
  most people in my apartment block do n't speak any estonian , the residents association meetings are a great fun . 
  trust me , you do n't need to lecture me on how it is living with foreigners . 
  also your muslims are presumably turks who are quite far from africans and arabs . 
  denmark kroner is 13 euro cents . 
  5,945 kroner = 773 eur which happens to be almost as much as i earn working , obviously denmark is more expensive but it should be doable . 
  * as if there are n't loads of immigrants in europe already . 
  * as if they come by boats only , when infact most come by land . 
  * as if their numbers wo n't continue to grow . 
  * as if integrating africans and middle easterners already in europe has n't proved to be a disaster . 
  yeah , my mom would always chastise me for going out with my hair still wet but also , my parents home is on the coast so i grew up with a sea breeze in my hair . 
  why would they affect their daily life ? 
  have you even acknowledged what those so-called sanctions are ? 
  they 're purely cosmetic . 
  if there is anything affecting russia , it 's cheaper oil and gas . 
  thank you . 
  that actually correlates to most national statistics claiming 1-2 % of people are gay . 
  also expected gays to have lower divorce rates . 
   but there 's not enough fluid and so just some sparks fly out almost as if i 'm arming the device to shoot . 
  i wonder how close to getting shot were you lol . 
  tbh , airsoft and blank guns get converted to real guns all the time . 
  never heard of a lighter being converted into one though . 
   there were 31,610 same-sex marriages in spain between 2005 and 2015 according to the country 's institute of national statistics ( ine ) . 
  that actually seems like quite a lot but then again spain is a big country and this number also includes all the ones who would 've married earlier if they could 've . 
  just out of curiosity and to help to put it into perspective , how many opposite-sex marriages were there between 2005 and 2015 ? 
  also divorce rates ? 
  isis killing fellow holidaymakers ? 
  i ai n't bovvered !, 
  yes but afaik they have n't even been designed yet so it stands to reason that by 2020s you will have a brand new modern surface fleet , modern ssns ( the astute class ) and ssbns from the 90s , making them your oldest major vessels . 
  mind you 90s ships are n't even that old and if properly maintained , the ssbns can have a long service life . 
  another possibility : the us ohio class ssbns are n't getting any younger either and since the uk and the us are such major partners in military and already share the same nukes anyway , the future royal navy and us navy ssbns could perhaps use the same design . 
  britain took somewhat of a risk here ( well not really because noone 's planning on attacking them and they 're in nato but still ) with their naval upgrade program by retiring so many older ships and building so many new ones over such a short period of time . 
  right now the royal navy is in a limping penguin mode compared to what it once was but when those carriers , the type 26 frigates and the last of the new subs will be finished , the royal navy will once again become the 2nd strongest navy in the world . 
  not only that , all of their major ships excluding the ssbns will be modern vessels that will go on serving for a long time whereas the other bigger navies will still have many aged ships , especially the russian surface fleet . 
  is sardinia largely uninhabited or something ? 
  checked estonia , most things are actually somewhat cheaper than listed there . 
  that or i 'm tight-fisted and good at finding bargains . 
  the modern day diogenes . 
  san marino stronk , population of just 32k and they get 2 medals . 
  kind of surprised how little attention these games got considering they are supposed to be like the olympics but for europeans only . 
  yes , i sizeable chunk of it anyway .
