  probably . 
  turn the project profitable ? 
  probably not . 
  therein lies the crux . 
  the uk orders alone would not be enough , it would need to be a success on the international market . 
  the us and russia currently control large marketshares , france is struggling with exporting rafale . 
  feasible military deterrent for what exactly ? 
  to take on entire russia ? 
  no , but that would n't happen either . 
  to have the capability to inflict enough damage to outweight what ever gains they were hoping to make ? 
  yes . 
  besides i 'm not saying i want us out of nato or anything but the best way to keep military spending efficient is to have your politicians understand it actually matters . 
  complacency is a dangerous thing in military . 
  look at belgium for example , they spend less money on equipment per year than it is needed to replace the equipment lost in wear and tear . 
  this is a luxury they can have , we can not . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  i despise the idea of relying on somebody else and it would do us a disservice in the long run in a way that it would breed a false sense of security and make our politicians even more complacent . 
  our spineless worms of politicians would like nothing more than to transform our military into a token auxiliary force , while wasting the money allocated to military on useless construction projects to reward their party contributors . 
  punany please ? 
  i have a soft spot for these small brownstones and it 's a shame seeing some of them like that . 
  the fact they 're still holding up quite nicely despite being abandoned for many years goes to show how well they 're made . 
  sure , [ this lovely house ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/89ef3f8bc734af30c095bdea8f3c202579e0d9de/0_0_3271_1962/master/3271.jpg?w=860&amp;q=85&amp;auto=format&amp;sharp=10&amp;s=e6698286dc9bc72874d008f262e13dd8 ) is run down now but it could be fixed up so nice . 
  [ this song rocks , though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn-oemgzleu ), 
  ok so this is probably a bit of a stretch but possibly , the christmas tree . 
  the first recorded use of decorated trees during christmas celebrations can be traced back to estonia . 
  decorating the so-called `` spirit trees '' was a common ritual in pre-christian estonia . 
  evergreen trees were thought to be important and powerful because they did n't lose their colour during the cold winter months . 
  the common belief is that when the crusaders conquered the country , this was one of the local customs the germans adopted and later spread it throughout the christian world . 
  also if you think about it , decorating a tree does sound much more like a pagan ritual than a christian one . 
  so remember kids , the next time you 're decorating a christmas tree with your family , you 're not honouring baby jesus but ancient baltic pagan gods . 
  la liga would survive . 
  atleti have proven themselves to be a force to be reckoned with and barca leaving would mean more tv and sponsorship money for them and teams like valencia and sevilla . 
  the spanish national team would suffer a greater blow . 
  haha , yeah . 
  namesake of the former russian president . 
  [ yuri ustimenko and dmitri medvedev ] ( http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/6340 ) , probably . 
  son of a russian admiral and his buddy ditched their military service in russia , crossed over illegally to estonia and went on a robbery-killing spree . 
  thousands of police officers were involved in the nationwide manhunt . 
  medvedev was shot and killed in a shootout on estonian-latvian border during which a latvian officer was also killed . 
  ustimenko was caught is doing life . 
   czesi meaning the czech ? 
  only few years ago ? 
  they still do that ? 
  it appears i can read polish . 
  who knew ... 
  if ifs and buts were candy and nuts ... 
  honestly , we have no idea how iraq would 've turned out by now . 
  this is a country that did n't need the west to be trouble : war against iran , invading kuwait , killing kurds ... if you think arab spring in syria with assad is bad , imagine it with saddam and his sons . 
  know thy electorate . 
  definitely not the only country but they do seem to care more about things such as whether you attended a public school or if you have a posh accent . 
  other european countries i know do n't really make a sort of distinction . 
  i 'm not sure i got it . 
  a porn site has ads of a politician ? 
  i think cambodia might have some , do n't even need to dig up those . 
  are you stupid or something ? 
  the only reason they flock to europe is because they want to reach germany/sweden . 
  if germany/sweden had never advertised themselves as welfare wonderlands and had harsh refugee laws with minimal benefits , none of these people would be coming here . 
  there is absolutely no way these migrants would be flocking to eastern europe if sweden decided to close the gates . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  especially since 2011 . 
  if you look at footages from syria it 's 99 % russian/soviet equipment , most of it older . 
  plus new equipment russia officially never sold them ( smerch rocket artillery , drones ) . 
  peshmerga does use some donated older nato equipment but that 's about it . 
  calling bullshit on this list . 
  usa $ 7.7 bil ? 
  what have they sold ? 
  and here i was , expecting an actual detailed chart . 
  tbh , a lot of prisoners do that . 
  after all , they got all the time in world on their hands and free legal advice . 
  might as well use it , find some violations and cop some compensation monies . 
  prison cell is 10 cm ^ 2 smaller than stated in regulations ? 
  muh human rights !, 
  sue !, 
  in estonia we have a bunch of illegals from iraq , afghanistan etc caught trying to get to sweden/finland through estonia . 
  they flat out refuse asylum here and keep whining about what terrible people we are for not allowing them to go to sweden . 
  good luck saddling us with more of yours . 
  also finland is already pissed off because sweden keeps sending them iraqis through the northern border . 
  some say he never speaks , and that his blood type is pure ethanol . 
  all we know is he 's florida man 's finnish cousin . 
  where have i done that ? 
  just explaining the rather simple rationale behind it . 
  it 's not `` normal '' as in it 's a normal thing to do a sort of thing but as in how absolutely demonstrably predictable it was . 
  you can not flood a country with problematic foreigners while ignoring the public and not expect someone to lash out in anger . 
  people do n't turn to extemes unless they feel they have no other option . 
  there will come a time when these jokes will get old . 
  but this time is still far away . 
  finland m\u00e4n be like tis . 
  god , i wish i knew . 
   since booze is damn expensive here . 
  could i direct your attention some 80 km south , perhaps ? 
   give them jobs ? 
  there are none . 
  better bring in more third world migrants !, 
  must 've been that baddie from the new star wars film . 
  what 's sad is they 're all troubling . 
  so not one of the students ? 
  expect a house in germany , get a tent in slovenia . 
  no shit people will riot . 
  could be an extreme measure to evade debts or a jail sentence back home . 
   i 'm not a teacher yet studying to be one ?
