   when 20 % of the population of turkey are kurds you have to be able to find a compromise . 
  saying they must be able to find a compromise is n't an answer . 
  i do n't see one , turkey does n't see one , and obviously neither do you . 
   kind of sad that you say that kurds blow up cars every 5th minute . 
  an exaggeration , sure , but they have carried out more bombings this year than i can count . 
  like i said , it is n't exactly helping their cause . 
   that is kind of the same logic as saying that all estonias in finland are `` insert random prejudice '' . 
  first , no it 's not . 
  second , i could n't care less what anyone thinks of them . 
  * what kind of reasonable compromise do you think turks can reach with kurds ? 
  the kurds are n't exactly helping their cause either by setting off bombs in cities every 5 minutes . 
  turkey has helped the fsa , not sure how much they can do without actually invading syria . 
  besides , it 's the kurdish groups who control most of the land bordering turkey ... * russia could 've not violated turkish airspace , especially after being warned several times before . 
  either way , russia is n't really a problem for turkey . 
  lets see , they 've had countless bombings , a coup attempt and the ongoing war in syria right next door with refugees pouring in . 
  not exactly sure how erdogan or anyone else could have avoided it . 
  am i the only one getting an error clicking on that link ? 
  that smug smile from the woman in thumbnail , though . 
  they are when it comes to smaller countries and more obscure languages ( like mine ) , i do n't think i 've ever heard commentators mispronouncing chiellini or marchisio . 
  it used to be a lot more . 
  the really poor people , often families , would do it so they could get by . 
  basically , they 'll go to germany and claim asylum . 
  vast majority of them would get denied eventually , but the decision-making procedures and appeals could take months or years even . 
  during that time they live modestly and try to make as much money as they can while in germany by saving up most of their benefits , working off the books , or even crime such as selling drugs . 
  then when they are finally deported , they live off that money in kosovo/albania . 
  once the money runs out , return and repeat . 
  last year germany finally got fed up with the abuse and approved new measures allowing faster deportations . 
  years of watching football and hearing commentators pronounce italian names are paying off . 
  ch is pronounced k , right ? 
  [ and now with a catchy tune !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weje_37dx_a ), 
  i was thinking about how turkey had quieted down a bit few days ago . 
  there was a period when bombs were a weekly thing . 
  is it really every 20th person ? 
  think of all your social circles , friends and acquaintance . 
  either that number is a lot smaller in reality or there are a lot of closeted people out there ... 
  probably cheaper than hiring a lawyer . 
  even with very poor overall rankings there will still be plenty of people who speak good english . 
  anyone can write up some bullshit , it 's the people who choose to read and believe it that are the idiots . 
  also , had mainstream media not been so biased against trump , his supporters would n't have flocked to alternative media channels . 
  you want to invade another , this time perhaps the most relevant , muslim country ? 
  because that has been working out so well for europe thus far . 
   we are the reason why the middle east is a mess no . 
  just no . 
  europe should 've stayed as far away as possible from anything african and middle eastern , sure , but these places got to be a mess all on their own . 
  besides , the involvement of saudi arabia and their western weapons is pretty much limited to yemen . 
  soviet/russian made weapons still very much dominate africa and the middle east . 
  that 's called doing business . 
  should the us and europe stop selling weapons , they 'll just buy them from russia , china or someone else . 
  the thing you need to understand is that these migrants do n't want to live in `` the eu '' . 
  they do n't care about the eu . 
  they want to live in one of the few wealthy and generous european countries . 
  they 're not some cattle you can just distribute randomly , they have their own minds and ideas , and they did n't pay thousands of euros to smugglers so they could live in eastern europe or portugal or w/e . 
  do n't worry , lad . 
  we have a worse government now . 
  [ it never happened . 
  / s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phantom_time_hypothesis ), 
  this looks depressingly accurate . 
  inb4 booze cruises straight from finland to latvia . 
  as it happens , our new government seems hellbent on destroying our beverage industry , so it might change in the not-so-distant future . 
  she 's great . 
  vid is from 2012 , someone better have taken her in and taken good care of her . 
  meows *, 
  genghis khan would be proud . 
  they do have low unemployment , but they also have very low crime rates and no terrorism ... 
  it is completely overblown . 
  we 've always had voluntary militias , it 's not some panic move . 
  they destabilized themselves by having an outdated social and cultural system that leads to an evergrowing amount of disenfranchised young males . 
  the story of arab spring is a story of them finally getting fed up with their hopeless situation and those ruling over them . 
  poland was a bloody mess because it was invaded by the two worst regimes that have ever existed . 
  syria is a bloody mess because it 's a culturally unstable corrupt dictatorship . 
  at least self-criticism and never being content often enough leads to self-improvement and thus progress . 
  all over the world you can observe how the bitter and miserable countries are constantly outperforming the relaxed and easygoing ones . 
  perhaps they were just frozen ? 
  it 's worth to be noted the axis captured their pows during the early stages of the war , whereas the allies captured most of theirs in the final months/years . 
  there 's a huge difference between being a pow for 4 years , including the toughest years , when your captors did n't even have enough food to feed their own people properly , and being a pow for a few months , and then a while longer after the war was actually over . 
  it 's both . 
  everyone did used to let themselves go , whereas today gyms are packed with people in their late 30s to 40s , so it stands to reason the overall image will change in a generation 's time . 
  granted , on the other hand , young people might get fatter . 
  that 's debatable to say the least . 
  you do know they 're technically still an eu candidate state ? 
  why not ? 
  what 's wrong with standardized data research ? 
  russia does n't take part in any of those european statistics agencies , turkey does . 
   unless all the fat people just stay inside . 
  not sure about slovenia , but over here , that 's kind of the case . 
  old people are fat , and they mostly do stay inside . 
  yet another wonderful legacy of the socialist era when everyone just let themselves go after they got married and had kids . 
  where can i check it for other countries ? 
  the uk has been the most anti-eu country for a reason . 
  the eu , single market and free movement have been a win for germany and a win/lose for south and eastern europe , but for a wealthy service based economy such as the uk there has n't much of an upside of any kind . 
  the uk just became flooded with western eu goods and eastern eu immigrants , and in return , the uk just got an opportunity to rotate some of the revenue they generate locally . 
  no , not at all . 
  honestly , if i was british i might 've voted brexit myself . 
  reckon berlin is the best considering local wages . 
  it is . 
  most one-room flats here are 32-35 m ^ 2 and they 're awkwardly small . 
  as in you can live in them but ca n't really host a shindig . 
  makes me think about how much money people who actually own their homes save every month , year ... 
  thanks .
