  however in reality , for every one migrant you take in , more will want to come and keep on coming . 
  you can only either be a right-winger and get little to no migrants or be a bleeding heart and get overwhelmed by the tide . 
  there is no middle ground as the evergrowing ranks of the world 's needy wo n't adhere to it . 
  as `` dem plumbers are taking our jobs '' , not as `` they have the wrong government '' . 
  it is or more precisely was until very recently . 
  germany got opposition from the uk and the south , not the east . 
  the migrant crisis finally put an end to that and now that poland has a new government , one that is unwilling to sign off on everything germany puts in front of them , we suddenly see poland demonized by the media . 
  baltic eu yes man jellyfish stronk !, 
   matti nyk\u00e4nen was arrested on suspicion of attempted manslaughter of a family friend after losing a finger pulling competition i wonder how many people kept a straight face as this was being read out in court . 
  on a friday night . 
  karl , erik and ragnar are all fairly common . 
  stig is rare , i can only think of one person named stig right now . 
  estonia spent a few centuries under swedish rule and general education was introduced by the lutheran church around those times so swedish/germanic names are fairly common . 
  german names used to be common but fell out of use in the 20th century because we hated the germans and names with - ch in them such as erich , friedrich and heinrich do n't sound right when pronounced in estonian whereas erik , frederik and henrik sound perfectly fine . 
  not as obvious as you might think , plenty come back for that welfare check once they 've cut a few heads off . 
  aisling , pronounced kind of like ashley-n . 
  there are n't really that many names i 'd call unique estonian names . 
  most estonians have estonianized biblical or germanic names , while others have names shared with finns and other finnic people . 
  old pre-crusade pagan names are : kaupo , lembit , manivald , t\u00f5ivelemb , toivo , \u00dclo , \u00dclle , unnepeve ( \u00d5nnep\u00e4ev in todays estonian , meaning joyful day ) , valdo , vilja , vootele . 
  some of those are very rare today . 
  some female names : aita , heli , heldi , helle , imbi , kaja , merike , leelo , luule , maimu , urve , virve ... again , every generation adds some and some fall into obscurity . 
  there are quite a lot of unisex names : alex , ashley , kelly , kerry , kim ... 
  god created the big bang . 
  yeah , i know there 's movie make-up and everything but i remember thinking snape looked young for a guy played by an actor in his 60s . 
  i expect the number of afghanistan and pakistan migrants in particular will increase a lot in the coming years as these countries are much further away and lacked well-established migrant routes . 
  until now . 
  the traffickers have put in a lot of effort to improve their logistics because despite overpopulation , migrants from afghanistan and pakistan can usually pay more than dirt poor africans . 
  had no idea he had cancer , damn . 
  just re-watched the original die hard a few weeks ago ( christmas tradition ) . 
  that 's interesting . 
  so it 's a medium-sized city chock-full of jews and muslims ? 
  and they make it work ? 
  perhaps it 's for the best , visiting israel has n't always ended well for swedish diplomats . 
  it looks cute , though . 
  you could style the fuck out of it to make it into a cool hipster retro wagon . 
  like old fiats or saabs . 
  [ the first lucky . 
  i imagine the actual likelihood of being attacked in france for being a jew is still pretty slim . 
  i 'm sure living in israel is actually even more dangerous but it 's the vibe of a constant threat and high security measures that are driving the jews away . 
  israel might not really be safer but at least over there , they 're the ones in power , whereas in france they 're just a feeble minority . 
  that 's really nothing compared to some of the other oil states . 
  saudi arabia is widely expected to have the largest budget deficit in history this year . 
  in hindsight the new year makes perfect sense , after all when else do you have : * plenty of easy prey as loads of drunk women wander about late at night . 
  * general commotion , people yelling , shooting fireworks etc to mask the screams of the victim . 
  urban environment seldom provides better opportunities to gang-rapists . 
  no idea what their success rate is but i imagine it 's enough for them to keep trying . 
  afaik the girl i mentioned never slept with any but replied to some messages out of politeness before one of them showed up at her school and creeped her out bigtime . 
  i imagine it 's different for every country , in britain a good-looking girl with a high self-esteem will most likely tell them to fuck off but sweden seems to be a different matter . 
  tolerance there runs deep and sympathy for refugees is real . 
  they might not get lucky right away but sooner or later they 'll probably find a ditsy well-meaning girl to `` show them the town '' and take it from there . 
  the usual standards girls set to guys tend to go out the window if it 's a much suffered refugee from a vibrant exotic land . 
  note to self : travel more , acquire free bacon, 
  op is german , his grandad probably speaks from experience . 
  i even read this in a russian accent . 
  there are tougher nuts to crack in europe than switzerland that have been invaded plenty . 
  and switzerland uniquely put emphasis on survivability rather than actual military defence ( miles of bunkers and tunnels underneath the towns , vast amounts of canned foods etc ) . 
  it is ironic how the european country probably least likely to get invaded also just happens to be the best prepared one . 
  there most definitely is a difference whether it 's someone living on the other side of the world or he 's here and waiting for you outside your uni . 
  more than likely . 
  everything is done through social media these days . 
  they certainly use facebook to look for girls . 
  i have a friend who studies in g\u00f6teborg , sweden . 
  she 's young and pretty and gets messages from `` brown guys '' all the time . 
  as do many of her friends . 
  they just randomly find girls on various g\u00f6teburg-related facebook groups and start showering them with compliments . 
  usually it does n't take more than 10 messages before the conversation turns to sex and hooking up . 
  eat your heart out , enver hoxha !, 
  notice how the median age has gone up by more than 10 years from 1960 to 2016 yet our civilizations did n't collapse . 
  this article is about the prevalence of pedophilia in catholic clergy , not pedophilia in general . 
  we ca n't eradicate pedophilia from society entirely , just like we ca n't stop all rapes and murders . 
  however it should be possible to crack down on pedophilia harder within a relatively closed institution such as the clergy , where pedophilia appears to be more widespread . 
  first of , nobody ever claimed europe is perfect and problem-free , in fact , historically it has been the opposite . 
  pedophile catholic priests are a problem for catholic countries . 
  a problem which they need to deal with . 
  because that 's what you do when you have a problem , you solve it . 
  you do n't pervert it to justify importing even greater foreign problems . 
  how would that work ? 
  once it is ruled they are `` threatened '' in their home countries , you ca n't send them back no matter what they do in europe . 
  plenty of confirmed and confessed radicals and terrorists have lived this way in europe for years . 
  the western do-gooder have painted themselves into a corner . 
  read the article , mate . 
  it 's in the title for fuck sakes . 
  160k to be spread over europe ( first batch , anyway ... attempted ) . 
  not only unwilling to come but also not meeting the criteria . 
  those agreed-on 160k were not random 160k but `` the ones most endangered '' or w/e , meaning women/children/elderly / dissidents/those coming from active warzones . 
  we sent a bunch of delegates to italy and found only young black males with sketchy or no records who all want germany or sweden . 
  who would wallonia have besides hazard ? 
  most seem to be flemish/immigrants . 
  nobody is talking about the real issue : who would get what belgian football players ? 
  what about his son btw ? 
  he was in the eurobasket 2015 squad , i watched lithuania vs. estonia and vs. spain in the finals but did n't really get so see him . 
  is he actually a major prospect or did he mostly just get that call-up as an incentive and because he 's dad is a legend ? 
  i know lithuania was missing several first team players due to injuries but surely there was plenty of good older players to pick from . 
  they might be his height but nowhere near his built . 
  sabonis was not only tall , he could also outmuscle * anyone * . 
  like shaq but with more skill . 
  the first moment i read the name i thought something had happened to him . 
  love those clips of him just towering over all these 1.90-2 .00 + m guys . 
  do n't think there 's anyone his size in the nba now . 
  literally the only other country besides the us with a nuclear trident and more armoured vehicles than the rest of europe combined .
