  if so , the french navy could 've just boarded the ship and forced them to leave . 
  if not , let them protest all they want , no one would really care . 
  either way , someone in the french government overreacted * just a little bit * . 
  will i be crowned king of norway if i pull them out ? 
   and you * generic belgian name * !, 
  mohamed, 
  the hell kind of investment is that ? 
  is n't it also sign language for vagina ? 
  would scare anyone . 
  yes , but then quickly realized there would 've been a warning if something bad had happened . 
  ask madagascar . 
  not many people know trotsky staged his death and moved to america where he assumed the identity of one colonel sanders and opened a successful restaurant chain . 
  as long as they belong to one of the larger christian denomination that is , not if they 're say muslim , sikh or someone from a smaller christian denomination like jehovah 's witnesses . 
  anyone else immediately looked up where hippo is ? 
  europe 's beauty lies in it 's diversity . 
  our cultures , economies , languages and interests are too different to be effictively ruled by some supranational governing body . 
  maintain good ties and a certain level of standardization , sure , but we are not one . 
   the price of a shower is pretty insignificant compared to a tank . 
  but sure , you have a point . 
  the poorer nations like estonia might have trouble buying new toilets . 
  but that does not apply to economically more advanced nations like finland , where we can even afford not only showers , but even hot water for them !, 
  spare me the patronizing tone . 
  we 're not just talking about the showers , we 're talking about everything . 
  converting all the male-only facilities to accommodate both genders is costlier than you imagine . 
   what exactly do you feel was anecdotal , and what is your reply to said anecdotal evidence ? 
  you seem to be sidestepping it ? 
  your silly wonder woman-like female vs. fat asthmatic male comparison , who should be exempt from the military in the first place . 
  if he 's not , it 's a mistake , but it does n't mean he has to be replaced by a woman . 
   i can imagine many of them doing it better than an borderline obese nearsighted asthmatic guy though . 
  in fact , there are women who are perfectly able to not only lift a carl gustav , but would be able to do chinups with it and all their other combat gear on . 
  hey , it 's almost like there are differences between people and not everyone is the same !, 
  see above . 
   oh wow , that 's sexist . 
  women ca n't be in the military because the guys make fun of them ? 
  what 's next ? 
  no inter-racial marriages because people would make fun of the children ? 
  did you get stuck in soviet estonia ? 
  it 's not the 1960 's anymore !, 
  like i said , military is a high-stress environment , not known for it 's pc culture . 
  you need a thick skin to survive in that world . 
  foreign experience with women in the military has shown us there are many problems that arise in such mixed units . 
  it reflects on performance and morale . 
  and those women are professionals , not unprepared girls thrown into conscription service . 
   so , estonian women have the men running so scared that you do n't dare upset them ? 
  wow . 
  in finland we call that being `` tossun alla '' ( being under the slipper ) . 
  and yet it happens to be a grim reality we face . 
  trust me , i wish it was otherwise and women would be just as patriotic as men , but they 're not . 
  they just are n't . 
   nothing you said supports that though . 
  yes , forcing unqualified women into the military , replacing qualified men , would indeed result in weaker soldiers . 
  that 's not what i am talking about though . 
  i 'm talking about replacing the nearsighted , astmathic overweight , borderline retarded ( seriously , negative points on an aptitude test with 100points maximum ! ), 
  with women who can run a full marathon and do a chin up with full combat gear ( 40kg ) . 
  are there a lot of these women ? 
  but having those that are is better than not . 
  i prefer to have the best individuals in the military . 
  you also completely sidestepped my argument about replacing the worst men with the best women , only focusing on the average . 
  how about you address the actual arguments ? 
  also , are you big enough to admit that you were wrong about the health requirements of recruits ? 
  if finland has stupid health requirements , then it 's their problem , but what you 're suggesting is n't possible . 
  you ca n't get a clear understanding of how good or bad a conscript will be until they 're actually in service and if you choose to include women , you ca n't choose only the strongest ones , that would be punishing the fittest women for simply being fit while the weak ones get a pass . 
  what nazis , pray tell , are we supposed to be praising ? 
  you 're wrong on so many levels and leaving out so many crucial factors i do n't even know where to begin . 
  in estonia we have some female conscripts , but we did n't have any in my battalion simply because we did n't have room for them - women would require their own barracks , showers etc. . . building those would mean a significant extra cost for the military . 
  money we do n't have or sure as hell could spend more wisely . 
  your anecdotal evidence aside , you ca n't deny the fact vast , overwhelming majority of men are a lot stronger than women . 
  we had a doors open day where we showed some of our equipment and most girls that tried could n't even lift a carl gustav launcher properly ( the older m2 model ) . 
  now imagine them , in full gear , having to actually operate a cg or an mg for an extended period of time . 
  not going to happen . 
  the military is a very demanding and a high-stress environment . 
  adding women to it would only make matters worse . 
  especially today , when every joke , slight or a bit of criticism aimed at a woman or her competence could result in a full-blown sexism scandal . 
  the military has enough on it 's plate as it is , it does n't need headaches like that . 
  and finally , women themselves do n't want to be in the military . 
  what do you think would happen if we told girls they have to take a year off from clubbing and uni life and trade it for a year full of sweat and mud ? 
  they 'd just leave the country * en masse * . 
  estonia is bleeding young women like crazy as it is , we ca n't afford to lose even more . 
  so like i 've said , if there are women who are eager to join , all doors are open to them . 
  however pressing large numbers of girls into military by force would only result in having weaker soldiers at a higher cost , headaches and social problems . 
  not to mention , not every citizen must be a reservist . 
  you can build up more than a decent reserve from men alone . 
  if anything , we should be streamlining the current system , not pressing women into it . 
  first of all , an asthmatic overweight male would be exempt from conscription . 
  second , women can still apply for military service voluntarily , nobody is stopping them , but pressing them into military by force will serve no one . 
  must 've had it rough in middle school . 
  you know you 're old when you have to look up names of cartoon characters . 
  this has nothing to do with trust . 
  you ca n't go around arresting people for saying they want to kill the president . 
  people say all kinds of things , they rant , they vent . 
  saying is n't doing . 
  i fail to recognize how you can prove intent in such cases . 
  no details about how and where he was arrested . 
  if you 're at home and they just bust in , your self-defence instinct might just kick in . 
  best 70s film hands down . 
   the unemployed 23-year old from the paris suburb of argenteui was seized after expressing an interest in acquiring a real machine gun in a video game chatroom , according to rmc radio . 
  this seems a bit light tbh . 
  exactly how credible must the threat be for it to constitute a `` plot '' ? 
  talking about wanting to kill someone online does n't make it a real plot . 
  heck , madonna and plenty of other famous people have made statements like that regarding trump and in front of thousands of people no less .
