  unfortunately my country is run by spinless worms who 'd gladly delegate all their foreign and defensive political duties to eu/nato . 
  what immigrants ? 
  eu migrants who are mostly young working age people and not children or elderly ? 
  yes , slightly . 
  africans and arabs ? 
  [ see more here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html ) similar studies in denmark have shown the same . 
  and that 's only the financial aspect . 
  there are also cultural/ethnic/religious conflicts , heavily skewed male/female ratios , crime etc to consider . 
  the simple truth is third world migrants make your country worse . 
  if they were a benefit , countries would n't be erecting fences to keep them out and strongarming others to take them off their hands . 
   some migrants believe that germans could ultimately turn against all refugees and fail to differentiate between criminals and established and assimilated migrants . 
  well yeah , i imagine they already do . 
  as do immigrants themselves as they segregate themselves along the ethnic lines . 
  take german turks and kurds today for instance , they 're all just turks and kurds . 
  nobody really remembers or cares who got there how , were they working migrants , refugees or w/e . 
  either way , mountainwolf should be a given name in every culture . 
  putin is exactly as rich or poor as he needs to be at any given moment . 
  the current world richest people are mostly self-made and young people can still get wealthy too . 
  if anything , it has become easier than it was 100 + years ago when social statuses were much more rigid . 
  people need affordable clothes . 
  you know , like why volkswagen makes way more money than porsche . 
   bj\u00f6rg\u00f3lfur thor bj\u00f6rg\u00f3lfsson dear god , iceland ( and that god is thor ), 
  as is michele ferrero . 
  the list is a bit outdated . 
  technically albanian american but eliza dushku was my boyhood crush . 
  european integration at it 's finest !, 
  because london is where everyone and their dog have their hq . 
  do n't lose faith , my brother . 
  just keep playing cs and one day it will be you . 
  that would be difficult to keep down ... 
  most languages sound similar when you growl . 
  i imagine the death toll of a thermonuclear war would be a bit higher compared to that of uk leaving the eu . 
  then again , there would be a slight chance you get to play fallout 4 irl so there 's that ... 
   they want free and bright future no shit . 
  who does n't want a bright future ? 
   and dont mind if it is through east or west . 
  and that is exactly the kind of indecisive wavering that brought transnistria where they are today , hopelessly stuck in the past . 
   by their approach and their talk , most youngsters want to have closer connection to the west more like outside world . 
  and if it was a russian journalist , he 'd probably get an even warmer welcome and be left with an impression they want to join russia . 
  it 's very naive to believe a new generation can be so drastically different from the previous . 
  not to mention , it 's been 25 years already , so even if that was the case , we 'd be witnessing some major upheaval by now . 
  that is because these people are mostly * homo sovieticus * , a mash of random russians and russified people brought from all over the former soviet union . 
  they have no roots or history there so they cling on to soviet legacy because it 's the only identity they have . 
  wear trousers so skinny no pickpocketer will be able to squeeze their hand into your pockets . 
  not sure who is shunning who when they are the ones who decided to stay a quasi-soviet society . 
  so the uk , v4 , turkey and capitalist asia . 
  proper motley crew that is . 
  the main question here is are those people capable or willing to work ? 
  europe 's experience with arab and african migrants thus far has n't exactly been a success and the current batch is even more desperate and problematic . 
  unless these corporations are the ones providing shelter and food to migrants , paid by the state , there is no economical incentive to bring them in . 
  same as ever , i guess , neutral . 
  i do n't want the uk to leave but in a way , it would be fascinating to see what effect leaving the eu would have on the uk economically and politically as such move is currently unprecedented . 
  if they want cheaper workforce they could easily just invite more people from south or eastern europe . 
  or east asia ... or quite frankly anywhere else but middle east and africa . 
  movie-like amnesia cases are super rare in real life so even on the off chance you could actually fool the doctors your case would probably attract media attention and your face would be broadcasted in your home country resulting in you being recognized by someone you know . 
  also most greek and lithuanian surnames are really long and end with the letter s. 
  people will fuck alright , it 's just of most this fucking wo n't result in pregnancies . 
  thatcher in second ? 
  did n't loads of people literally cheer and sing when she died ? 
  [ well he certainly knows how to deal with the germans . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwiup19bboa ), 
  neither the arab spring movement nor the actual flow of migrants did n't start with iraq . 
  what iraq war did was open the west 's eyes to the region . 
  not invading iraq would n't have erased all the tensions brewing in the middle east and africa ( overpopulation , poverty , corruption , ethnic and religious strifes etc ) . 
  sooner or later everything would 've still blown up arab spring style . 
  you think assad is bad ? 
  imagine saddam or uday hussein putting out a revolution . 
  edit : not saying invading iraq was the right thing but we 'd certainly have migration crisis regardless . 
  right now the vast majority of them simply come with unrealistic expectations for a better life . 
  once they realize everything is n't handed to them on a silver platter , that there are n't enough jobs for them and noone really wants them here , they become isolated and radicalized . 
  we live in a society that values youth more than anything and has high expectations , no wonder we do n't make babies . 
  czech republic is definitely the formal way to refer to the country . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone use czechia outside of this sub . 
  in estonian it 's just t\u0161ehhi , pronounced czechy . 
  sounds catchy . 
  samir handanovic !, 
  and yet they 're your neighbours . 
  fyrom , it does n't really feature anywhere ( some mention now but only because the refugees have to cross it to get further up north ) . 
  also from what i know , they have a bit of an identity complex : some think they 're really bulgarians , some think they 're really serbs . 
  also loads of albanians . 
  and they are constantly accused by greece of cultural appropriation . 
  as long as your surname ends in a vowel , it counts !, 
  the kind of `` immigrants '' who come following their tanks , settle lands and homes of natives they kill and deport and establish their rule over the rest . 
  given the amount of media coverage they get , hardly surprising . 
  we 'll be set once cloning finally takes off , kate upton to every home !, 
  the korean psy is way more fun . 
  do n't know about poland but in estonia , anyone who was even remotely relevant was forced to `` collaborate '' and have regular meeting with the kgb and would thus have a kgb record . 
  whether they actually gave the russians anything of note is a whole different matter . 
  blessing fire trucks is common , it has been done in europe since we had horse-drawn water tanks instead of trucks . 
  we still do it in estonia as a tradition even though we 're not exactly a religious country . 
  taxis is something new for me , though . 
  and really likes wagner . 
  hang out a lot at truck stops , do you ? 
  we 'd be the same if we popped out 8 kids every generation and did little else . 
  do n't be . 
  sweden is not a small child . 
  they knew what they were doing but chose to ignore the blatantly obvious and carry on with their multicultural utopia . 
  why did it drop so much ? 
  western europeans colonized wild terra incognita , arabs and africans colonize welfare states . 
  arabs and africans are smarter .
