  ( hey , it 's good value for money ) more beer , fuck yeah !, 
  catholicism , fuck yeah !, 
  prague , fuck yeah !, 
  hockey , fuck yeah !, 
  gypsies ... 
  gee ... that 's a tough choice ... 
   she asked him if everything on him was big !, 
  and the answer was ? 
  9/10 , fucked up copenhagen/stockholm . 
  most were really easy , i might not know how warsaw or luxembourg look like but i 'm damn sure they do n't have a coastline . 
  return the elgin marbles ... or suffer my curse, 
  with the way things are these days , you really should n't put the word `` boom '' next to european landmarks . 
  does seem like portugal comes off worst . 
  on the upside , you southerners do n't need that much heating . 
  it 's the stock map image eurostat always uses . 
  for some reason they just never care about liechtenstein . 
   most phallic . 
  coincidentally , one of the few skyscrapers i actually find beautiful . 
  hmm ... 
  a tower is a building , no ? 
  [ all rise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayqzkjxq2ys ), 
  * job prospects and security . 
  * integration of migrants and minority groups . 
  giving birth to your ** grand ** child is pretty weird . 
  this car is ... european ... and is therefore rubbish . 
  as is this one ... and that one ... 
  ca n't have paris without the old 2cv and ds roaming around . 
  damn , usually it 's just cuban athletes escaping or claiming asylum . 
  wait , that statue with a bear and a tree is on atletico 's crest . 
  or the public just does n't care . 
  cyprus seems to yearn for more eu in everything . 
  just like the wild west , but with kebab . 
  the true heir to prussia . 
  difference is several of the belgium 's golden generation had a poor season behind them . 
  england , on the other hand , had 2 premier league 's top strikers and all those gifted spurs youngsters . 
  england really should 've done better . 
  it would n't be greece alone paying for it . 
  those jihadi homosexuals !, 
  a couple as in a man and a woman ? 
  exactly how eurosceptic the fp\u00d6 are ? 
  because you can oppose certain aspects of the eu without actually wanting to leave . 
  that has never been the case . 
  it 's just western arrogance from one side and eastern inferiority complex from the other . 
  the west had the luxury of not having russians fuck all their shit up for 50 years , nothing more . 
  occupational surnames are fairly common everywhere . 
  in todays america , an average miller or smith is very likely to be both british and german by decent as they 've all become rather mixed . 
  mind you , anglicization of one 's surname was n't something only the germans did . 
  non-anglophone immigrants would often do it just to fit in better or because the english-speakers would find their surnames difficult to pronounce and spell . 
  it 's just during the world wars , many germans did simply out of shame or fear of being associated with germany . 
  politically and militarily it 's still very much britain . 
  economically it 's indeed becoming more about germany as germany produces and exports a lot more goods than britain . 
   though german americans are the largest ethnic group in the us . 
  and perhaps even larger than estimated because germans `` arent cool '' like claiming irish or italian ancestry . 
  that 's because : * many of them arrived prior to german unification and lacked true common identity . 
  * world wars happened and it truly became unpopular to be german . 
  to a point many germans anglicized their names and thus m\u00fcllers became millers and schmidts became smiths . 
  given how much bad publicity this has brought denmark already , it is n't worth it . 
   less  less  less  less fewer *, 
  hardly surprising . 
  lower birth rates than those of muslims and higher migration rates ( both to serbia proper and other countries ) . 
  in his case , it was n't social mobility , it was stalin and the rest of the old school commies dying . 
  very few indeed . 
  there was a poll only recently . 
  liisa oviir actually became kind of famous in the media for being not known by the public . 
  she 's the minister of entrepreneurship , a position created in 2014 in order to have more women in the government lol . 
  this . 
  also the attack itself reads is much more than kurds . 
  i have to hand it to farage , he managed to make a long and well-paid career out of insulting meps . 
  nice ukrainian flag . 
  enemy of my enemy . 
   after new year this year would n't that make it the next year ? 
  it used to be just a simple * tor * , but somewhere around 2011 , some commentators started imitating the spanish and yelling for as long as their lungs would allow . 
  i guess they 've gone back now . 
  as suspected . 
  may your path lead you to many fair maidens and monasteries filled with riches . 
  * tooooooooor * god , i have n't watched football with german commentary in ages ... 
  what 's that clapping dance they 're doing ? 
  are they going to raid the english shores like in the old days after ? 
  oh to be icelandic now ... 
  it 's an official language in ireland and will continue to be the lingua franca in international meetings and events . 
  i do n't think brits thinking of them as second rates came as a surprise . 
  and poland ( and v4 ) was never about `` defending europe '' , they were about not making the same mistakes western europe did . 
  i added the quotation marks because they are refugees of sorts , but not in our understanding of the word . 
  first of , there is no asylum policy in westeros and second , they did launch a massive attack first . 
  and yeah , i think the cannibals are gone . 
  the ones left seem to be generic wildlings like tormund . 
  no lol . 
  all this has proven is the `` morally superior western europeans '' are no better . 
  huh ? 
  it was a joke . 
  on the show , his character allows thousands of `` refugees '' into his kingdom , pissing off his comrades who murder him for it . 
  so a lefty government is on cards as expected ? 
  `` for the uk ! '', 
  * stab *, 
  was expecting the `` you know nothing , jon snow '' line to be first , but it 's only like 5th . 
  of course he is pro-immigration ... 
  gudjohnsen is over 35 so there 's one more opening !, 
  what we learned from the greek crisis is do n't live above your means . 
  chin up . 
  you 're making this into a bigger deal than it is .
