  then we have 3 very different opposition parties : ke - the russian party who are thus mostly anti-eu by definition but they can work with the eu if it serves their agenda . 
  they ran the anti-eu campaign when estonia voted on eu accession . 
  ekre - the nationalists . 
  do n't currently advocate leaving the eu but remain highly critical , especially when it comes to things like the migration crisis . 
  eva - new and small party who do n't even really have a clear ideology , a mix of liberals and soft conservatives . 
  politicians ? 
  nothing . 
  the ones from government parties anyway . 
  the people ? 
  what ever is the current problem/hot topic the eu is unable to solve . 
  but even then we usually blame our own politicians for being weak pushovers rather than blaming the eu . 
   every european country drinks a lot, 
  so basically any place that starts with an al -, 
  or sweden could slash their benefits and drop the whole `` humanitarian superpower '' nonsense . 
  if it was so great , why stop it ? 
  they also became very popular in the uk during the 2011 london riots . 
   old culture and language that 's the thing , though . 
  most people do n't give up on their culture and language willingly . 
  they do n't come to become english/british/european , they come for a better life . 
  because the first generation remembers that being poorer than the locals is still better than what they had back home . 
  the 2nd , 3rd etc only know the gaping disparity between themselves and the locals , on top of it all the cultural differences . 
  champagne socialists might preach equality but in reality the social mobility is very slow and not even the locals themselves hide the fact immigrants from poorer countries are mainly there to do the gritty jobs they do n't fancy . 
  western europe has effectively created a new caste system . 
  like half of england and jamaican national team players are english born and have english mothers and jamaican fathers , though . 
  the better ones get to play for england and the rest for jamaica . 
  what exactly could they do `` against '' the moroccans ? 
  they 're one of the largest minorities in europe at this point with most probably being 2nd/3rd/etc generation . 
  it 's not that i think twitter and instagram will fall out of fashion anytime soon but the fact they try too hard to make things unnecessarily trendy that 's bugging me . 
  definitely not the hashtag , would probably go for the person in a keyhole . 
  estonians are blunt , cautious and pragmatic . 
  greatest similarities : free market liberalism and economic ideals . 
  most estonians would prefer the american make-your-own-luck model over the european welfare state . 
  however even here , we 're much more cautious , so when for instance the us overspends and has massive debts , people here begin to panic when our public debt exceeds 10 % of our gdp ( still less than anyone else in the eu ) . 
  greatest differences : due to different sizes , histories and ethnic make-ups of our nations we adhere to a different kind of conservatism . 
  in estonia it 's national conservatism , in the us it 's religion based civic conservatism . 
  basically , estonia can be very liberal in everything that involves a person as individual but also very conservative in regards to everything that affects the nation as a whole . 
  all in all , it 'd probably feel more at home in the us than in most european countries because like i said , all the main differences stem from having lived under very different circumstances . 
  it 's saddening how many people only seem to be able to learn from their mistakes the hard way . 
  thank god they translated it :d, 
  rysy-rysy ? 
  could be for the best . 
  whenever i read about russian plane crashes it 's always some mismanaged no-name carrier , never aeroflot . 
  does n't stop the editors from going for the sensationalist click-bait title . 
  honestly did n't know he was still popular . 
  well , this is / r/europe and you 'll notice we 're all writing in english here . 
  afaik , until quite recently neger was the common way to refer to blacks . 
  take any german language publication about africa and africans printed in the 20th century and it will use the word neger . 
  now however , due to globalisation , many do consider it discriminatory as it has the same etymological origin as the word nigger in english . 
  hills and grasslands literally everywhere , chooses to sit on the road . 
  well , like most things about savisaar , even his decent is controversial . 
  he had a russian mother and an estonian father who probably was n't his biological father . 
  nonetheless he has his surname . 
  in the late 80s , savisaar did support restoring estonian independence but that alone does not make him a good guy . 
  especially when by that time it was evident the soviet union was going down anyway . 
  he formed his own centrist party with a rather vague official ideology . 
  the party was rocked by countless scandals and lost virtually all of it 's estonian voters so he shifted his attention to the russians and the party has since become a de facto kremlin faction in estonia . 
  also savisaar is getting old and is in poor health , so it 's unlikely he 's running things himself anymore but he remains a `` symbol '' because of how controversial he is and how long he 's been leading his party ( all the other parties have gone through multiple leadership changes ) . 
   attracted to power ftfy but seriously , most russian women in estonia simply do n't know many estonians apart from the politician they 're coached to vote . 
  man , it 's ugly . 
  this is proper horror film quality . 
  fucking friday night at a club , must 've been packed . 
  [ private browsing reporting for duty !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xslohnbjnfk ), 
  care to elaborate on that ? 
  maybe not that busy but from everything i 've gathered , netherlands truly is with obsessed cycling so it probably would n't hurt . 
  odds are you 'll be having even more cyclers in the future . 
  * `` the main aspect is in the bitch . 
  why not make wider cycling lanes ? 
  savisaar is a goddamn sexmachine . 
  seriously , those are some weird choices . 
  for those of you interested in how your or other meps voted , here 's the link : [ follow-up to the european parliament resolution of 12 march 2014 on the electronic mass surveillance of eu citizens ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-follow-up-to-the-european-parliament-resolution-of-12-march-2014-on-the-electronic-mass-surveillance.html ) in estonia it was social dems for , others against/abstained . 
  quite frankly we simply do n't know what really happened . 
  personally , i 've never seen anyone racially abused or assualted on the streets and i live in tallinn where we seem have loads of black guys lurking about . 
  although it could happen and people here wo n't be too scared of calling someone a nigger either . 
  could well be the russians who hate nato/america , could be soldiers hitting on girls at clubs and got into a conflict with their boyfriends , idk . 
  also the media here is currently generating loads of articles on what horrible racists we all are and how we have to atone this by importing more migrants . 
  it 's getting a bit ridiculous , to be honest . 
  there are basically two types of corruption that require a different approach : the lower level kind is petty stuff such as policemen or lower level officials taking bribes to squash fines or issue some permits . 
  this kind of corruption is more common in poorer nations and once it 's deep-rooted in society , it is likely to stay there until the quality of life and wages improve significantly . 
  you can punish the individuals caught but ca n't really fight the phenomenon and your own people as a society , so in this case , the carrot works better than the stick . 
  and then there is the high level kind . 
  this kind of corruption is omnipresent . 
  where there is real power , there is corruption , even in the wealthiest and seemingly less corrupt societies as greed knows no bounds . 
  here , only the stick works and it better be a big one . 
   how many 13yr old in the in the us are suffering in much teh same way and how much money the us have wasted on this one man . 
  and once their abuse comes to light , their abusers will face the same . 
  money can not be an issue when it comes to something like this . 
  otherwise there are a lot of criminals we should just give a free pass because hey , there are better ways to spend that money . 
  not to mention , polanski probably is n't poor , you can make him pay the legal fees . 
  i 've read about that case before , sordid stuff . 
  taking their sweet time with it . 
  yes , i was going to say it looks like a machete . 
  as metal was in short supply back then it only makes sense they 'd forge multi-purpose equipment . 
  bless you . 
  surprising it 's single-edged . 
  all governments hide unemployment to some extent , germany is not an exception here . 
  granted eveyone does it slightly differently and governments with more money have more opportunities to do so . 
   / r/rance pics of hairy pussies on the first page . 
  checks out . 
  could you ?
