  ca n't have the google * film * your house !, 
  had a tremendously stupid debate about this in the media . 
  i 'd like it if it was n't a church . 
  wow those are awful . 
  lahti reminds me of [ this church ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/liebfrauenkirche_marburg_5.jpg ) in my city . 
  same goes for the bible . 
  should we not let in any christians and jews too ? 
  totally not the topic we were originally discussing , but for the hell of it : why would germans traffick cocaine * from * turkey ? 
  cocaine is produced in southamerica and gets shipped hidden in fruits , coffee etc. 
  directly to europe . 
  every now and then a lucky supermarket employee still finds packages in his banana shipment . 
   if you still think that 's what racism is , you 've learnt nothing . 
  educate me then . 
   and you say it with such pride ... 
  it 's such a shame , and it 's so worrisome . 
  yes , bad bad germans , so bad half the world wants to live there . 
  and so arrogant too !, 
  did n't reddit tell me all germans are selfloathing ? 
   and also , you germans should stop trafficking cocaine from turkey , beating poor negros and forcing them to be your pushers on the streets . 
  same goes for those violent , bike-stealing dutch . 
  now you 're rambling . 
   from now on i 'll refer to the turks who tried to mug me in koln as germans . 
  if they have german citizenship they are germans . 
  * we 're * not racists anymore . 
   yes i did , you are free to search in my post history . 
  i was n't specifically talking about * you * either . 
   also , if i come to germany will you give me free stuff ? 
  romania is a crappier place , i want free stuff and no accountability in germany , please !, 
  your people are coming here every day . 
  the other day at frankfurt mainstation i could n't eat in peace at mcdonald 's because three different romanian women came to me begging for money . 
   and i was sure you 're gon na take the bait and do a straw man . 
  i was n't talking about you specifically , and you know too well what i was referring about . 
  i understood that . 
   those same sane germans belittled those of us who warned of things like these or worse happening to you no you have n't , not when it was still time to prepare for this . 
  everyone is clubbing on germany now while the only better solution they have is `` build a wall and have mexico pay for it !! 1 '' . 
   you must `` weed '' out those from syria ( ... ) , and send back the rest . 
  there are more warzones in the world other than syria , you know . 
  but go ahead , visit iraq , afghanistan , somalia , nigeria ... see how you like it . 
  on countries like marocco and algeria i agree though and my government is working on deals with them so we can send their people back . 
   it 's you being easily guiled and the mass media selling you a heartfelt story that you munched right up , and then the politicians trying to capitalize on the trend . 
  and you say * i am * being condescending . 
  i and many others who support taking in refugees actually did n't like merkel before this thing . 
  also germany has one of the best press in the world . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just a gullible journalism major . 
   what gets a lot of people up here is many germans simply refusing to admit they fucked up . 
  you wo n't find a sane german that will not say that the way this is being handled right now is a disaster . 
  our government should 've forseen that people will flee from warzones and taken the appropriate measures to take them in and weed out the opportunists . 
  but what shall we do ? 
  we have a saying in germany : `` the child has fallen into the well '' . 
  now we need to deal with it and we * are * making progress in that direction . 
  it is actually spend on our citizens , just not directly . 
  for example : who builds the refugee accommodations ? 
  local contractors . 
   bad news because it shows the monumental task that ` we ' have ahead of us reeducating this influx of immigrants ... and as of yet i 'm not fully convinced most of our politicians have the balls to force this ` reeducation process ' . 
  in germany we have integration courses where they teach about our values like women rights and same-sex relationships . 
  what more can we do ? 
  how do you screen someone for homophobia ? 
  `` do you hate the gays ? '', 
  `` nope ! '', 
  yes , look at what palm oil industry has done to [ borneo ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2015/01/150111-borneo-rainforest-environment-conservation-ngbooktalk/ ) . 
  you 're just making stuff up man . 
   the turkish migrants back then were relatively moderate in comparison to what ? 
  most of them were from very conservative rural parts of turkey . 
  it was n't the elite of istanbul that came here !, 
   they were also decently educated for the time definitely not . 
  why would decently educated people move to another country to work in mines and factories and to live in tenements ? 
   there was a lot of government services to help them integrate like language classes and giving them new clothes . 
  a lot less than today since the original plan was to send them back after our economy recovers . 
  you do know that this involves real people ? 
  how can one be so heartless to let greece go completely down the toilet . 
  aprendo espa\u00f1ol en la universidad porque la lengua es hermosa :( ( y me interesa la historia de espa\u00f1a y latinoam\u00e9rica ) finished a1 last semester , starting a2 now . 
  europe has fucked greece over so badly it 's enraging . 
  even though they are not without fault ( taking all the loans ) , they certainly do n't deserve * all this * . 
  that will bite us in the ass big time someday soon . 
   there is a reason why fascism/nazism was often referred to as third alternative to capitalism/liberalism and socialism/communism . 
  you 're right , economically , the nazis were n't neither full blown capitalists nor socialists , but somewhere in between/something different . 
  i 'm not too knowledgable in political science as i am a history major , but i think a core princible of leftism is the view that all people are equal ( and/or should be made equal ) while right wingers think that there are differences and that 's okay . 
  so i 'd say antisemitism/racism is at the extreme end of right-wing politics . 
  therefore calling hitler left wing seems incredibly stupid to me , even though he might have endorsed ( for whatever reasons ) some economic principles that are considered leftist . 
  i agree with you that these terms alone are n't enough to describe the nsdap . 
  nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei , or in english , national socialist german workers ' party . 
  yes , that was their name for propaganda reasons . 
  to quote wikipedia : `` the party emerged from the german nationalist , racist and populist freikorps paramilitary culture , which fought against the communist uprisings in post-world war i germany . 
  the party was created as a means to draw workers away from communism and into v\u00f6lkisch nationalism . 
  initially , nazi political strategy focused on anti-big business , anti-bourgeois , and anti-capitalist rhetoric , although such aspects were later downplayed in order to gain the support of industrial entities , and in the 1930s the party 's focus shifted to anti-semitic and anti-marxist themes . '', 
  they just tried to appeal to as many people as possible . 
  but hitler was no socialist , he was very interested in having the support of the capitalists . 
  yup , same with women rights . 
  after cologne all of a sudden everyone is a white knight feminist . 
   hitler was a head of german left wing socialistic labour party lol he was not . 
  labour party was the spd and the communists were the kpd , both banned after hitler seized power . 
   and for nearly two first years of wwii soviet union was his ally . 
  not because but in spite of their political orientation . 
  bolshevists were hitlers biggest enemies ( they were synonymous with jews for him ) . 
   remember ? 
  do n't bother , many redditors were n't even born in the early 90s . 
  we all know which one * that * is . 
   ctrl + f `` croatia ''  nothing :( :( i like your football team !, 
  two days might be a bit short but a long weekend ( 3-4 days ) should be enough . 
  greek : ca n't thank you enough for democracy , art and culture .
