kijowski prepared it ? 
  as a contractor , obviously . 
  true mastermind . 
  i see , it is hard to discuss with beliefs . 
  how exactly am i being racist here ? 
  guessing her background based on skin colour ? 
  was it a wrong guess ? 
  oh , pick the most outrageous example then , should be easy if it is in '' all the chain '' . 
  the one who pays is the one to specify the product , you know that . 
   and the author of the article in question is a romanian woman in warsaw paid by aljazeera . 
  yes , same mechanism . 
  where ? 
  spot the difference : `` appear , potentially , concern '' vs `` turning authoritarian '', 
  walid phares indicated that the qatar-owned al jazeera television network became the `` primary ideological and communication network '' for the muslim brotherhood during the arab spring in tunisia , egypt , libya , yemen , and syria in 2011 . 
  [ 32 ] he noted that after democratic forces had initiated the rebellions , al jazeera played a `` tremendous role '' [ 32 ] in supporting the islamist elements of the revolution . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/al_jazeera_controversies_and_criticism ) i do n't say they are low quality . 
  my point is they promote islam , while poland openly resists accepting muslims . 
  us says `` poland is turning authoritarian '' ? 
  and 34 ahead of greece , which is lower than some free countries like salvador , northern cyprus or sierra leone . 
  total legit . 
  oh no , not at all . 
  the fact they are being paid by this regime , means nothing , nope . 
  one time benefit =\\ = monthly benefit . 
  btw , your point is ? 
  it is never too late to do the right thing . 
  so , sorry commies , time to go . 
  read her story , islam was truly beneficial for her . 
  yet , here is aljazeera , the one we comment . 
  source owned by qatar , publishing about a country openly not wanting muslim migrants . 
  so who was first ? 
  says al-jazeera . 
  right , buddhist threat in europe is equal to islam threat . 
  no difference , sure . 
  good luck ,, 
  sigh , no . 
  because there ** is ** a difference between buddhist phase being a fashion among teen-agers and converting to islam . 
  especially in a country like germany with significant muslim minority . 
  especially when nearby , a muslim caliphate recruits western converts . 
  do n't you really see a difference ? 
  socialists states tend to breed naive people . 
  do n't think for yourself , the state will take care of everything . 
  the state is so powerful , it will not allow anything bad happen to you . 
  i have , do you ? 
  or you have a sister only ? 
  converting to islam , will do no good to 16 yo white european girl . 
  would not compare it to buddhist . 
  you 're a 16yo girl ? 
  seems the marine capabilities dropped . 
  they have to be transferred over land now . 
  every now and then such case needs to get attention . 
  it will help parents stay aware of this threat . 
  it is like watching your kids for warning signs against drugs , same now with islam . 
  fifth column , this is what imported european muslims are . 
  not all of them , not majority , but enough to make impact on quality of life . 
  more terror will mean more state control , strict gun laws , further restrictions that affect all citizens . 
  at some point they will start merging , , 
  `` during ramadan , she told the family she was on a diet . 
  `` we did n't think anything of it , and even bought her a copy of the qur ' an , '' said her mother , katharina . '', 
  bravo . 
  will you shit after meal ? 
  not guaranteed , but extremely likely . 
  wow , this is new low for propaganda . 
  this is the opposite of `` divide and conquer '' , i am not surprised she does not like it . 
  you really avoid answering my questions each time . 
  ethnicity is a factor , us situation shows that some integrate well , some not . 
  let 's avoid the second type . 
  period . 
  man , you were a smart 5yo , , 
  ok , how come the vietnamese or chinese coming to us with close to none wealth succeed ? 
  why they do not form gangs at such a scale ? 
  why their second generation is usually well educated ? 
  why `` da police do n't shoot them '' . 
  they come with no privilege whatsoever . 
  wow , 680 , at this point , why not all ? 
  we were slaves to russia 28 years ago , somehow we managed to get shit together . 
  south koreans were devastated by war not long ago , look at them now , norwegians were poor as fuck two generations ago , check them . 
  germans were divided and beaten by all around few decades ago , managed to success . 
  blacks in us are free for more than century , got huge affirmative action , why not using this ? 
  seriously why ? 
  do n't answer with crap like `` everyone knows '' or `` you are a racist '' . 
   they 're literally white ethno-nationalists . 
  stop trying to imply that these people are your run of the mill average conservatives . 
  they 're not . 
  honest question , what is wrong with being `` white ethno-nationalists '' , eli5 . 
  as long as they protest within boundaries of civilized society ( no looting , no setting cars on fire , no violence ) they can protest whatever they want . 
   there is no huge migration-movement from india , china or vietnam to europe , these countries are far away from here . 
  if there was , there also would be more racism against these people , as there has been in the past as well . 
  depends on eu country , but let 's say you tell the truth here for a moment . 
  fortunately we have a good benchmark how various ethnic groups integrate with white society , the us . 
  for some reason blacks are at the top of crime stats all over the board compared to any other minority . 
  the overall sentiment of other ( not only white ) parts of population towards blacks is negative . 
  us being composed largely from immigrants have them all , why just some cause problems ? 
  why learning from others and having own conclusions is fascism for you ? 
  wow , you find your world really simple and black & white . 
   nice whataboutism . 
  i won \u00b4 t go for it , because this is not connected in any way with the discussion about this nazi group . 
  it is actually connected and important to understand . 
  you do n't see white supremacists fighting chinese , vietnamese , indian migrants . 
  they follow the rules of civilized society . 
   so , you think people who only supported the nazi regime but didn \u00b4 t directly murder people weren \u00b4 t nazis ?
