  still czechs have over 10x more than poles , yet the homicide rate is almost same . 
  usually this is the case . 
  now , add the homicide rate per country and draw conclusions . 
  i guess civilians only , but usually people own multiple guns if any . 
  so this stats is definitely not number of ** people ** owning guns . 
  yea , i am afraid in few decades they will try to make us feel guilty for that . 
  they were just enjoying a good weather at the beach after all . 
   half the people here in this sub are usa/uk and the other half has a lot polish people . 
  and you take your numbers from ? 
  might be a reaction for 10s of thousands imigrants , ( not even lybian but black africans ) being imported to eu every month . 
  at the same time second gen of previous imigrants blowing themselves up , running over people and in general not being integrated at all . 
  well , this month , london , 3rd of june , 7 killed in knife attack . 
  and surprise surprise , police shoot the suspects . 
  this is not very good stats , as defining safest is not easy . 
  you can find multiple rankings that vary a lot . 
  it is caused mainly by different crime reporting across countries . 
  however the crime that is almost always reported in the same way is homicide , which is a kind of indication of safety . 
  czech rep. is 24 out of ~ ~ 239 ~ ~ 219 ranked , not bad . 
  yes , good move , it is a shame some in eu still encourages human trafficking . 
  medical and mental check is still required . 
  same scope as for firearms . 
  well , spying the us , you get all the data from other countries as well . 
  smart move . 
  so , should we actually wait and see how she performs ? 
  or the goal was for her to `` become the first ... '', 
  ask that nordics , baltics or benelux . 
  this is common to have local close cooperation between countries sharing similar values/background . 
  nah , not us driving causally through promenades or fairs . 
  are you 12 or something ? 
  can not get the meaning of written sentence ? 
  you mean the british , i assume . 
  because your question is not valid , they did not decide to `` give people guns '' . 
  it was already quite easy to get gun permit and buy one , now it is moved to be part of constitution . 
  there are a lot of guns in europe and you can travel with one across eu borders now . 
  all you need is a kind of gun 's passport . 
  eventually you will end up with a bit lower population , but the slower , less agile ones will be no more . 
  a good relief for pension system / s, 
  same as now , same as many other countries in europe . 
  you still need to meet certain requirements both medical and legal in order to own a gun . 
  that is correct , however that does not change the overall homicide rate , just the tool selection . 
  there is 10x as many guns in czechia than in poland ( per capita ) , yet the homicide rate is almost the same . 
  people kill , not guns . 
  shocking as it may be , you can also buy an unregistered knife in many countries . 
  even worse , it could be transported over border with no special paperwork . 
  firearms are quite popular among czechs anyway and the homicide rate is lower than uk . 
  while the uk having very strict gun control law . 
  why do czechs are suddenly about to start killing each other ? 
  very good , this is the way to mature society . 
  25h work per week ? 
  right goebbels , right ... 
   besides - why is it that straight people should be the only ones with a mother-in-law ? 
  now you 're impling they come from a regressive traditional family ? 
  why not two fathers ? 
  they also saved few lives in the meantime . 
  you realize the force is more than one guy ? 
  yea , same single police , your hate makes you ridiculous, 
  i thought it was legit , but this starts with `` jamaican coalition '' wtf ? 
  so the world have seen , what now kommie ? 
   on sunday , the primacy of the newly baptized priest ... man , the requirements for priests are dropping lately . 
  well , til ,, 
  laughed at `` sunny deutschland '' , but then saw the flair . 
  oh do n't be such pussies / s, 
  * `` your experience may vary '', 
  not just somebody , east europe . 
  would not be news in germany , as integration proceeds well . 
  and you saw it all in this police report ? 
  can you share ? 
  that indeed might boost birth rate , 
  you started good , but why getting so dramatic afterwards ? 
  either you have some points or just want to juggle salty phrases ? 
  a dolphin might be a good choice here . 
  actually , it makes me wonder why they are capable to cross the vast mediterranean sea and being stopped by tiny channel . 
  well , looking at your flair and the map , it is how you want it , i am happy for you . 
  still , please allow others to decide for themselves how to call certain partnerships . 
  the fact that someone has different perception , does not make them `` worse '' . 
  no one is hurt here , ee is not chechnya . 
  they are not and there is no problem here , unless you make one . 
  kill , plunder , rape , spread diseases , colonize , exploit ... 
  missed something ? 
  i expected this , so specifically wrote it was not . 
  again , pay attention : no one prohibits gay people forming a real marriage , at least not in christian part of europe ( not sure about muslim states ) . 
  they have same rights . 
  it does not make the same sex marriage equal to marriage , these are different things ( not people ) . 
  answering your question : it is very different . 
  i want to believe it , i really do . 
  finally europe getting back to the `` traditional values '' europeans practiced for centuries . 
  same sex marriage is a different thing than marriage . 
  some do n't want to make them equal as they are not . 
  do n't force your ideas on others if they have different ones . 
  it is not a matter of equality , gay people can form a traditional marriage , there is no country in christian part of europe that prohibits them from doing so . 
  i saw few others camping in calais , were quite skilled carpenters . 
  so in short same what happened when ee joined eu , but the intensity was higher , the area smaller and the eeast germans less prepared . 
  it resulted in total drainage of former gdr . 
  ... or not ' * * study says, 
  well , your pensioners not being able to afford half a year vacation in thailand , is not yet a poverty . 
  old trick , it is like putin accusing west of being aggressive , or blm calling everyone racist ,, 
  give them rubber dinghies , alert ngos , they will pick them up from dover, 
  yea , that is why it is not only god worshipped there , also son and his `` son 's mother '' xd, 
  but it is der god , a different one , wears uniform and was not resting the 7th day , xd, 
  staring contest , those sincere smiles ,,
