  in other words , if you are close to soviets , or english , god help you . 
  i did n't say it was on demand for everyone . 
  yes , some types of medical treatment are for certain types of conditions . 
  still it will be now a matter of regular doctor 's prescription . 
  none i said was a lie . 
  do n't be such a zealot . 
  also , the legislative process is not finished yet , the final act may differ . 
  not 100 % true , they were legal like in every other country , but had to be imported using complicated procedure . 
  now they can be produced in a local drugstore based on prescription from an ordinary doctor . 
  significant step forward . 
  and yes , it is still medical , just way easier to get . 
  so , same as gazprom ? 
  to be honest , previous ones were also white britons . 
  none in uk , you say ? 
  so . . no water now ? 
  good job , also would make sense to see number of arrests with regards to number of muslims in a given country . 
  but i am too lazy to do that xd, 
  sober swede on a ferry to poland is a rare sight , so easy to pick them jihadists , 
  more than twice as many jihadists arrested in poland than in sweden ?? 
  i wonder what kind of of twisted reporting caused that . 
  that is why we should ask these questions loud and often . 
  that is a reasonable question , we are told the moral justification behind bringing refugees to europe is the fact they are `` the refugees '' fleeing from war . 
  not just regular migrants . 
  this the time to ask such questions , them being simple does not mean they are dumb . 
  i wonder if this makes to the news , like the reddit europe map . 
  i thought germans trade-marked the slightly other shape . 
  i am looking at the pictures from the source article and wonder why almost all of them show black africans . 
  demographics of libya is ( acc to wikipedia ) 99 % arabs and berbers , not blacks . 
  how is that ? 
  anyone referring to his country in such a way , deserves no country . 
  that is a very good idea comrade , i wonder if anyone ever tried it before and how it worked out . 
  little girl caught pigeon mid flight , ripped it into pieces . 
  all part of some twisted ritual . 
  might be hard to spot this joy under the fabric / s on a serious note , go take such a nice picture of muslim girl and try us out . 
  yea , i do n't see a reason to call any religion a shitshow . 
  btw , little girls do not wear hijab , islam only makes post puberty girls wear it . 
  me being an atheist myself and a father , i promote religion among my children . 
  they need to have some kind of explanation for the world , life and death . 
  they will figure out eventually by themselves how it works . 
  for now , they need to feel safe and world should be simple . 
  you do the same with teaching math , do n't start with calculus . 
  right , the good old , `` we all know . . '' argument ,, 
  yea , yea , name-calling , all you are capable of . 
  as long as countries within eu are independent , they will value their citizens above ec . 
  conflicts may occur . 
  if ec forces some controversial ( for some countries ) policies too hard , union will break up . 
  it is not yet federation , so `` shut up and do it '' is not the way and problems should be solved with regards to everyone 's capabilities . 
  yea , you may hear such voices , as they are also allowed to speak . 
  does not mean everyone that speaks gets what ( s ) he wants . 
  jumping to conclusion that highly homogenus group makes minorieties oppresed is overshoot . 
  why not to keep the current world order ? 
  by border control for example . 
  you do n't need to go hysterical with `` forced deportations , sterilisations or what ? '', 
  there is no such thing happening in poland . 
  all the main political forces in poland are pro-eu . 
  does not mean they need to agree with all the ec ideas . 
  care to explain which group in poland is really not allowed to speak ? 
  i 'd say that people alredy living in the destination country may have an opinion on that . 
  ignoring that opinions may backfire . 
  sure , more censorship is what we need . 
  allow only lord buckethead . 
  obviously silver-skinned and bronze-skinned cyclops , we do n't want to make them feel excluded . 
  all that based on one nice picture ? 
  wow , do you need a trigger warning ? 
  well , people have opinions and the fact is this sub is pro-eu biased . 
  not sure what alt means here though . 
  hmm ,  500 under the removed topic , compared to around < 50 here at the moment of removal . 
  would call it significant , but that is your policy here . 
  if a particular topic got the community attention , means it is valuable to the people that created comment content . 
  just clean up the ones that got less attention . 
  sounds like a common sense . 
  well , yes you are correct , they will not be happy . 
  that is what i said , culture not religion is here a factor . 
  saying `` muslim '' is a kind of short notation , not correct but convenient , hence it is in use . 
  some also may use it as political/legal system ( sharia ) not only religion , which makes more sense . 
  if the ec continues pushing poland on migrants topic , this government is not going to change i think . 
  the party which advocates migrant relocation to poland is likely to be wiped out . 
  they do crappy job  , why calling them nazi ? 
  no one makes them take any . 
  just control the borders and stop ngo vessels carry them from african beaches . 
  i am sure even crappy polish navy could help . 
  you sound like germany owns this club . 
  it is called a union still so easy with ubermensch rhetoric . 
  trade agreements work both ways , while eu funds are really a tiny piece in this deal . 
  do n't act like you bought ee . 
  i am sure orban is really pleased that he gets such a warm support from eu before next election . 
  he just described a democracy . 
  it is a totalitarian stat that you see no polarization , no argument as there is only one party . 
  as long as there is a discussion ( even ugly ) there is a choice . 
  not being in line with / r/europe agenda . 
  it is more welcomed here to make fun of brexit as an attack on eu values . 
  and i am not defending brexit here . 
  persian culture is far from arab or black african . 
  poles are not really against `` muslim '' but arabs and africans . 
  it is just that tribal/clan culture does not coexists well with european culture . 
  religion is a secondary factor here . 
  yea , see you , just avoid any seasonal markets , 
  so , like well integrated muslim , right ? 
  got the prize , all the opportunities . 
  too bad he went `` crazy '' for a completely unknown reason .
