  this are people we owe our help to . 
  no , i guess it does not . 
  i do n't think people consider it harmful . 
  the censorship i mean , is a way to prevent certain opinions to be expressed . 
  and this is what backfired . 
  oh sorry that we are not keeping the pace . 
  do n't worry , the common understanding of what swedish stands for , will change in few decades . 
  so what they predates , does not change what they stand for now . 
  gw was openly against 500 + from the very begining , making it an `` alcohol money '' for the poor . 
  just recently when it became clear it worked out , they changed . 
  morawiecki was and is one of gw enemies still . 
  referring to : `` americans have had lots of censorship for decades and they never really pushed back . '' . 
  i thought i explained it well in the next post . 
  the amount and censorship exceeded the limit , namely it was pc . 
  what exactly pis said they wanted to do `` exactly like erdogan '' ? 
  they are just anti pis , whatever pis is for , gw will be against . 
  oh come on , every single day they announce end of the world because o pis, 
  interesting pick of `` style '' tbh . 
  prussian people ca n't be saxon ? 
  what ? 
  the fact that people in the us are tired with overblown political correctness was being acknowledged by different political options in the us and outside , as one of the factors behind trump success . 
  like [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/overwrought-political-correctness-helped-trump-win-a-1125725.html ) or [ here ] ( http://reason.com/blog/2016/12/13/bernie-sanders-donald-trump-won-because ), 
  well , this is a question . 
  there is cause and effect . 
  what we see is an effect . 
  it makes sense to ask such a question . 
  more like a lecture or an oration , than a dispute . 
  or the journalist skipped to list arguments raised by the other part of this dispute . 
  right , fair treatment would be much more harsh . 
  they just `` coincidentally '' recently allowed gays to marry . 
  you can not blame them of any wrongdoing now . 
  and they have now trump . 
  do n't you see a connection ? 
  so , should the eu start [ art 7 procedure ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/hungary-eu-news-article-7-vote-poland-rule-of-law/ ) ? 
  so , who in germany defines what a hate speech is ? 
  the ruling party ? 
  come on , istvan dobo would not approve ,, 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/_j7ijg9fwvo ) is the best ad i 've seen . 
  good luck waiting for `` funds '' . 
  and therefore very gorgeous ,, 
  also , low budget deficit , total idiots as political opponents , no significant corruption scandals ,, 
  funny how hungarians are being called names when doing similar against foreign influence ( soros ) . 
  again , it is ok if germans do so ,, 
  for airgun over 17j power . 
  blackpowder ( not modern designs ) just to be over 18 . 
  given how hard they fight to fine google , i would not use an android smartphone for sure . 
  that is insane , i have visited hungary a month ago and was pretty sure the major election was in few weeks latest . 
  the amount of political billboards everywhere was stunning . 
  so they aim for the last unconvinced 1 % ? 
  or what is the purpose of this ad ? 
  seems like a wast of money if you already have 99 % with you . 
  should w start considering sweden as state which supports terrorism ? 
  they give them shelter , education and support for their families . 
  and therefore very gorgeous ? 
  i would be annoyed as well , it is over a month in office , still no nobel peace prize . 
  right , no business , catch some sleep , you need to rescue some `` asylum seekers '' in the morning , who knows , they might be aussies this time . 
  guinea gained independence 1958 , poland 1989 . 
  afterwards each was on its own . 
  results you can see today . 
  we are small , worldwide ,, 
  yes , consider it progress , used to be up to german border . 
  yay for eu . 
  yes , check the map , spaniards are our people . 
  you say we take 17 % of mena migrants ? 
  that is a lie . 
  i did and stayed , was not that easy but it is better now . 
  i am not that young . 
  unless it is exploited by an ngo ferry business , mass importing economical migrants . 
  this is what will harm true asylum seekers in a long run . 
  if you have a legitimate claim , you go to embassy , do n't board a rubber dinghy nearby tripoli, 
  who takes the rest ? 
  please do , explain why europe has to import thousands of guineans , how many of them were prosecuted and why . 
  how can we actually check it . 
  you prefer to run for safety , leaving family behind ? 
  maybe work to make it a better place , like we did ? 
  so why europe should care ? 
  well , you seems the know their nationality , that is a kind of indication . 
  if you can afford to loose young males from your family assets , you are not in danger . 
  you may want to aim for higher standard of living , but you are not fighting for your life in such way . 
  that is a difference . 
  if a family can just board a plane anytime , they are not refugees , there is no rapid danger to flee from . 
   swedish daily newspaper expressen interviewed former jihadis about life after isis and they discussed the challenges of finding work . 
  ehm , what ? 
  they found them where ? 
  at `` slit a throat cafe '' ?? 
  what is wrong with swedes ? 
  this is beyond crazy . 
  what ? 
  keeping family together is the way to maximize chances . 
  you would leave behind women and kids in warzone to boost your chances for a comfortable life in eu ? 
  right , what seems insane is more syrians flee through libya than libyans . 
  see the stats . 
  please , capitalize names of countries . 
  look at the stats , vast majority of them are not war related . 
  if some are asylum seekers with a legit reason , they can apply and get accepted using legal means . 
  this is simply madness . 
  so the whole `` civilized west '' is walking over us , calling us ungrateful bastards , pointing to our lack of sympathy , lack of solidarity . 
  they present high moral ground and accuse us of greed over eu funds . 
  all this is fueled by misery of women and children fleeing from war . 
  and the fact is even bangladeshi use libya as ferry service to eu ?
