  those fuckers , how can the police allow then to spread and do that in broad daylight . 
  well i do n't see it , link ? 
  so why there is literally no one around this burning cars ? 
  seems like they are burning for a while already . 
  what happened here ? 
  why there is no police or firefighters ? 
  there is g20 going in hamburg , i would expect more police present on the streets to prevent such acts . 
  it is really hard to believe . 
  you should remove all then . 
  careful , they call it czechia now ,, 
  fire !, 
  , ups sorry hans , i meant the water ,, 
  antifa is wet too ,, 
  because the ak design is cheap , good and verified . 
  the ammo changed and now these shoot 5,56 nato . 
  you would prefer train i assume ? 
  next time use even less shades of red ,, 
  very good , we need to catch up after years of ignoring army needs . 
  because their intention is to sail just a little bit and send the signal . 
  they never had an intention to reach destination by themselves . 
  the vessel is built for short trip to pick-up location . 
  the ones at pick-up place are part of the trafficking scheme . 
   now it 's muslims , who 's to say that in 10 or 20 years the german population in poland just is n't welcome anymore ? 
  in 10-20 years muslims will still be not welcomed , 
  so called western civilization is built by whites , so yea . 
  but not all white countries are considered western . 
  i think you confuse memes with news . 
  do n't worry , you are downvoted for posting bullshit ,, 
  yea right , as opposed to your great friend vladimir ,, 
   no one will ever integrate or assimilate east asians assimilate , ukrainians have potential to assimilate . 
  black african muslims from tribal societies , do not . 
  oh man , you are special kind ,, 
  rest fled by now . 
  topic is about muslim migrants , not ukrainians . 
  sure : [ syrians ] ( http://thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/238115,majority-of-christian-syrian-refugees-left-poland ) , you ? 
  what ? 
  you accused someone of lying , post the proof . 
  you are an expert i guess ,, 
  so , how many mena migrants want to move to poland ? 
  you obviously have the number . 
  source ? 
  that is what he said , muslims do not tolerate other religions . 
  glad you noticed . 
  yes , it is called defense . 
  you have right to keep your country and citizens safe . 
  your point being ? 
  one of the rules agreed while joining was external border control . 
  it is not enforced , start with that . 
  modern society does whatever they want . 
  i do n't see you having any moral right to lecture us . 
   and also swedes , i see you 've fought against them as well . 
  any bad blood left there ? 
  are poles wary of swedish visitors ? 
  oh yea , since vikings . 
   best way not to let poles change britain is to not let poles in . 
  yes , it is absolutely true . 
  still there is a difference between asylum and eu freedom of movement . 
  but in general , i agree . 
  i do n't think wall will work on russians to be honest , but nato is one way to prevent them and not only poland joined . 
  you can ignore the facts , good luck . 
  hungarians can have different experience , does that mean we are not allowed to have ours ? 
  what kind of point is that . 
  where is your list of approved arguments ? 
   do you also hold a grudge against germans because ... you know ... that ? 
  yes , surprised ? 
  why keeping the country safe and mono cultural is racist ? 
  the best way of preventing 2nd/3rd gen africans to cause trouble is not letting 1st gen in . 
   ottomans were the only ones to not recognize the polish partition . 
  right , this gesture is well known in poland , we appreciate it . 
   if you hate muslims that much , come to turkey and destroy the polish village that polish refugees built in the past . 
  i do n't , i try to explain you certain `` why '' . 
  do n't be that dramatic . 
   your ass was again handed over by your fellow christians in ww2 , both sides . 
  how come polish people move to these former enemy states ? 
  oh we are doing all we can , so this does not repeat in future , believe me . 
  christians [ are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians_in_the_modern_era#middle_east ) not granted easy life in islam countries . 
  the opposite does not happen to such extent . 
  well the presence of this events in history is not so hilarious . 
  i try to explain that this is present in our history , movies , books . 
  that is why poles have certain view on islam exporting their people north and west . 
  you can either try to understand , or laugh if this information does not fit your view . 
  stop the ferry , control your border and we 'll take them . 
  if not , leave the union , border control is your task . 
  stupid is who stupid does . 
  this is our experience and we draw conclusions based on it . 
  does not mean we are 100 % trustful to others . 
  your experience may vary and i am ok with it , i do n't want to force you . 
  oh do n't forget anti muslim , or anti lgbt ,, 
  can we choose ? 
  if so , we choose no significant minority of north african clan muslims in poland . 
  can you live with that ? 
  shit , two more and we 'll get a letter of complaint . 
  islam is much more than just a religion , it is a complete system . 
  i do n't care about which flavour of god they worship , i am strongly against their way of administrating a society . 
  oh the horror . 
  strange times , i bet europe would more happy if putin visited poland . 
  are n't you a bit too far with your reasoning ? 
  swedes and poles share much more than poles and any black african clan society with islam as law system . 
  do n't choke on knedlik , , 
  i remember communist party tactics , believe me it was very different .
