  15,5 out of them actually bothered to vote and there were around 15 million valid votes . 
  around a little bit over 2,5 million voted for ( korwin , razem , sld ) parties that did not enter . 
  meaning pis had 6 million out of 12,5 million votes that were taken into real consideration . 
  that is how election works . 
   except poland beat russia straight after ww1 defending themselves . 
  and germany at the same time , who were still in poor shape after wwi, 
  well the difference is that metaphor may not be accurate , as in this case . 
  you sound like poland is violating rule by rule of the eu . 
  while the only one is the illegal immigration distribution scheme , agreed by previous government which was at that point doomed to loose election . 
  the decision made against majority of poles . 
  i do n't think you know what example means . 
  i am not sure what are you addressing , but not what i wrote . 
   country shifting to become an authoritarian regime . 
  you should not base on reddit only , as your info source . 
  in a year time no one will even remember it and poland will be more or less same country ,, 
   `` liberal democracy '' as it is understood in the west . 
  if you need to add something in front of democracy , put it in quotas , means it is far from democracy really is . 
  the point is , you ca n't simply add support for small-medium opposition parties to get the final figure . 
  election counting in poland does not work this way . 
   pis and eu are fundamentally incompatible . 
  very strong statement , pis was actively pro eu and is now . 
  however they fundamentally disagree with some eu actions . 
  it is a difference . 
  the threat is an political instrument . 
  they started threatening even before the law was passed ( it is still not ) . 
  the aim is to give the opposition some ammo and discourage pis . 
  there will be no legal action against poland , the final law will not violate anything which could be used in serious procedure . 
  pis may want to do it on purpose to turn polish people hostile against eu , as poles are not very happy to see external involvement in internal affairs , especially pis voters . 
  i refer to the russian one ,, 
  link the poll . 
  what ? 
  it was you triggered by the picture , which is to be honest false and stupid . 
  i do n't think there is a point to comment russian trolls . 
  it is funny , because it is true ,, 
  and trees , do n't forget about trees . 
  do n't be silly , of course it is political . 
  ask few random protesters what exactly they dislike in the proposed law . 
  most of them do n't care/don ' t know . 
  they dislike pis and it is what brought them here . 
   any chance they get voted out of office in the next election ( 2019 ) ? 
  not much . 
  but mostly of other reasons . 
  the fact is that the economy is doing better . 
  poverty and unemployment is dropping . 
  and this `` reform '' of juridical system may be not elegant , but ** is ** expected by poles . 
  this is really one of the last strongholds of the post-commie . 
  majority of poles do not see it as it is being presented on reddit . 
  to be honest , it was razem , sld to grant pis absolute majority . 
  that how election works in poland . 
  if you you are just barely below threshold , it benefits the winner most . 
  you missed large part of history education i see , but that matches your other reddit activity . 
  ignorance . 
  it gives a good estimation of the economy scale , while central budget is only a fraction . 
  eu funds were never meant to be part of budgeting . 
  would be , if eu funds had anything to do with central gov budgeting . 
  they do not . 
  not sure if you can compare eu funds and government spending . 
  eu funds are usually utilized on local government budgets , not central . 
  it would make more sense to compare it against gdp , 2015 was 430b euro . 
  it makes eu funds being around 1-2 % of gdp . 
  also keep in mind this eu funds number is the best case , they are never spent that efficient . 
  in all , the assumption that eu funds are close to 1 % of gdp , might be somehow reasonable . 
  nothing will happen . 
  it is a gesture to support polish opposition and hopefully calm down pis a bit . 
  the court rules currently discussed are present in other eu legislative . 
  respecting citizens vote over her own opinion . 
  you find it funny ? 
  that is her job . 
  three pigs ( po , n , psl ) lost two houses ( president , parliament ) and thought they were safe with third one ( post commie juridical system ) . 
  but , the big bad wolf ( pis , kaczy\u0144ski ) was huffing and puffing more than expected ( did not give a shit about eu opinion ) . 
  now , they were almost doomed , but suddenly gajowy ( president duda ) stopped the wolf . 
  the intentions of duda are not clear , some says he is in the wolf 's plot to get the pigs outside . 
  time will tell . 
  itt , no matter what happens in poland , it 's all kaczy\u0144ski plot . 
  nothing is as it seems . 
  similarity to another country name , purely accidental . 
  nothing to do with another state , just chosen the most beautiful name / s, 
   generally speaking , things do not exist until they do . 
  ... and for a reason . 
  maybe they were tank tops ? 
  not regular civil t-shirts , 
   shit - we are in for another december 2016 - it nearly ended badly on that day . 
  right , the famous bloody december . 
  the only thing that ended badly then was rysiek petru 's political career . 
   many municipalities and provinces/regions have very high openness for citizen participation ( such as participatory budgets , open assemblies , etc ) but this is just a small fraction of budget . 
  the government ( even local ) is always decision maker . 
  high participation of citizens is by no means not a lack of government . 
  right , as a concept , it is correct . 
  as a reality , it would look more like somalia , plain human nature . 
  any place it worked ? 
  modern times . 
  yes , that is exactly what happens if government disappears on a certain area , immediately many other start to form and compete . 
  anarchism is not stable , but somalia is a good example if you want to have `` near anarchism '' experience . 
   and the hooligans are truly against refugees . 
  as most poles are , that is fact . 
  they will do nothing , shout , jump a little bit , that is all . 
  they lack the motivation . 
  ja ja ahmed , chill out , get some kebab . 
  `` they '' do n't care about these opinions anyway . 
  would not change a thing .
