  i remember how poland had to prove we were able to seal the external eu border (  1kkm ) and now we get the hate for this mess ? 
  wtf ? 
   70 % male ? 
  this is indeed a very efficient ferry service for people from all over the world , easy entry to eu . 
  do n't want to ruin it , but it takes some more effort to `` make history '' than that . 
  oh , so they want far-right to take over power in eu ? 
  understood . 
  it is like they never understood anything from trump , brexit , lepen . 
  macron won ? 
  oh great , so the issue is gone , never comes back . 
  not so sure about that , the common narrative is that we are obliged to help libyans flee from war . 
  not necessary rescue sub-saharan africans from bathing too far in the bay . 
  this model ( accepting and relocating ) is absolutely non-sustainable , there are too many africans while europe is not big enough . 
   french president in a movie adult movie ,, 
  right , bullshit . 
  do `` we '' also consider working in norway or switzerland a gamble ? 
  hard to tell , i think he is an idiot . 
  i also think/hope that us military , intelligence and business is in fact too powerful to allow him any major fuckup . 
  also his words and actions often contradict themselves . 
  but even if he is putin friendly , we can not afford ignoring him . 
   lng will cost more then russia 's gas it is not about the price here and now . 
  it is about taking away one more tool that russia has to affect our internal affairs . 
  it is not really unusual for russian to cut the gas during winter to help local political force they opt for . 
  look at ukraine , every winter . 
  currently we are kind of protected by the transit of the fuel to germany . 
  soon with nord streams operational , russians will be able to do whatever they want . 
  that is the reason , internal stability , not short term financial gain . 
  it would be easier for us to rely only on europe , if major european powers were not that friendly towards putin . 
  i am aware that poland might be overreacting here a bit , still it is based on not so distant history . 
  i 100 % agree with you . 
  still we need that gas and we need the fighters . 
  no doubt the european countries are our major allies and trade partners , yet us is an important for our safety too . 
  we need to work on this partnership , even if their president act `` unconventionally ''  . 
  you know that phrase `` do n't put all your eggs in one basket '' ,, 
  the plan for today was 30 , so 30 left . 
  people screaming . . 
  hmm , somehow they switched and call them migrants now , not refugees . 
  btw , i always thought libyans were arabs or berbers , not that black as on the pictures . 
  might be mistaken . 
  breaking , gunman guilty of shooting ,, 
  election in germany in september , we will get a lot of `` big '' statements soon . 
  good , you 'll take some heat on you for next couple of months afterwards , easing the rest of ee , 
   also attacking a military base is beyond stupid go big or go home ,, 
  the newly hired czech intern ? 
  very good , wealth does come from work , not `` free '' money . 
  still that is not unexpected . 
  `` i hate these young chicks you meet at work '' - brigitte ,, 
  well , he is not an idiot , he is aware that good economy is mandatory to build the rest on . 
  but rich country without christian , patriotic values would be a failure for him . 
  as mentioned somewhere here before , poland will team up with anyone that can oppose russia . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is 100 % ideology driven , not a business person . 
  and pis is only what kaczy\u0144ski wants it to be . 
  does not mean they do n't use populism to get things done . 
  but the power itself is not the aim here , the aim is a very specified kind of poland they want to achieve . 
   the son of the prime minister recently became a priest in a very traditional fraternity . 
  these kind of people do n't come out of families where the faith is n't taken very seriously , or , being a priest is considered a power position . 
  especially in small town poland . 
  szyd\u0142o is from o\u015bwi\u0119cim , which is a small town . 
  this may indicate some kind of ambition , a politician trait . 
  i thought recycling was a good thing , instructions were unclear . 
  same grade as afghanistan ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
   strong but also a like-minded poland . 
  no more `` united in diversity '' ? 
  / s on a serious note , union is not only yours to decide . 
  disagreements will happen . 
  some do , some do n't , it is ok have own opinion here . 
  and them authoritarian moves in poland are ? 
  who is prohibited from speech ? 
  who was jailed based on expressed opinion ? 
  come on guys ,, 
  and ee will not scrap the relations with trump because brussel gets nervous . 
  you really are very confident about what the outcome may be . 
  will that be a win for you if modernized ee gets pushed back into russian ecosystem ? 
  or team up closely with china for lack of better options ? 
  smaller eu , lacking eastern demographics will be as strong ? 
  keeping current state is in everyone 's best interest . 
  so , one flavour only allowed in eu ? 
  or labels more important than actual decisions ? 
  does not mean we should not have good relationship with us . 
  putin is clearly much less of a friend , while france , germany investing a lot in good relations . 
  poland has been left alone by european allies , not long time ago . 
  lesson learned , pick better allies . 
  being more of a right wing party , does not make them unpredictable maniacs . 
  same as each leftist is not immediately a communist guerilla . 
  each polish government since decades , including current one is proeu , as well as the society , do n't believe all you see over internet, 
  and the similarities are ? 
  not a little to early to judge him ? 
  right , so macron meeting trump is fine , but ee meeting trump is making brussels nervous ? 
  and again , germany responsible for unemployment south of europe , sad . 
  we can get rid of our [ donald ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_the_european_council ) to be even ,, 
  hmm , by asking questions ? 
  glorious hms knedlik , sister ship of pepik . 
  russia benefits from keeping the ukraine as unstable as possible , which is why you do that . 
  russia do n't want ukraine getting closer to west . 
  surprisingly , many people are not aware that this liberalization happened , most still assume it is not possible to get a gun . 
  polish police provide stats on permits only , not pieces of firearms registered , so this is some kind of estimation i guess . 
  not anymore , change few years ago . 
  still it takes some time and money to get a permit . 
  it is not , but very comparable .
