  do you really believe that ? 
  germany , france , uk just like that giving money to others ? 
  do you learn history in school where you live ? 
  eu is a deal , everyone benefits , but the more powerful benefits more . 
   they even changed the parliament meeting date in the last minute , no shit , that is some next level fascism here / s, 
  hopefully we can keep it this way . 
  but honestly , 500 + is the first major change and it may be tempting for others to use this card . 
  not really in this thread . 
  btw , yours was obviously better . 
  adding a lot to this discussion . 
  is it what sits in non-pis voter mind ? 
  i am worried it will trigger a `` benefit arms race '' , every next party will now promise some giveaway , this may kill the budget on the long run . 
  agree . 
  the fact they `` fixed '' vat system in a year and decreased budget spending ( apart from 500 + ) makes you think about last 8 years by po . 
  timing is perfect as well . 
  early vacation season , announcement started just before weekend . 
  all done after kod made fool of themselves , so public resistance is largely weakened . 
  gasoline tax increase as a side topic . 
  opposition need to step up their game to keep the pis pace . 
  smart move by jarkacz to start with tk , let the kod loose most people support and drop the real bomb . 
  decrease the presence and importance of pre-1989 commies in public live and economy . 
  men work longer in poland before they can retire . 
  also the age limit is changed , is now 70 , 72 ( women , men ) , will be 60 , 65 . 
  that will remove many of the current ones . 
  plotting ? 
  actively planning , also germany does . 
  might it be an outcome of brexit ? 
  you will not see a thing . 
  these protests were quite limited , will fade soon . 
  majority do n't care . 
  i doubt more than half or protesters actually know what the changes are . 
  it is mostly herd mentality and expression of their general political sentiment . 
  kind of po-psl nostalgia . 
  who wrote that ? 
  it is piece of crap . 
  complete article composed of maybe , i do n't know , it depends . 
  why ? 
  and how ? 
  non eu members have elections too ,, 
  of all the real accusations one can form , this ? 
  i sometimes think pis is behind these rumors to protect this guy . 
  honestly , majority people here do n't believe it . 
  name current swiss president . 
  no idea ? 
  probably not significant office . 
  tusk actually did his share not to be popular . 
  po may find better one . 
  pis will continue to bring up him being aware of amber gold scheme for next years , i do n't think he 'll run . 
  not enough poles to have our translation ? 
  or we avoid `` luftmaterace '', 
  like , emmanuel ? 
  not sure what do you mean . 
  the fact is the eu freedom of movement which is agreed to by all the members , is something different than asylum . 
  eu citizens are subject to different set of rules on the eu territory than external migrants . 
  simple fact . 
  eu freedom of movement is something different the immigration . 
  they were not referring to 2015 you know . 
  2016 was still not netto , but the funds got delayed . 
  that is the reason . 
  the point is , this money is not really making huge difference for poles . 
  it is not that we even consider ourselves sold here . 
  money are here and now , future mena generations will stay with us for centuries . 
  yes , that is fact . 
  you can either shout at facts , call them names . 
  or , you can actually try to understand the reality around you . 
  and you take your numbers from ? 
  serious question . 
  well , more like `` how all tribal , clan societies work , if you apply modern european law/values to them '' . 
  i thought we were aiming for [ empire ] ( https://youtu.be/f6zsmtxzwjm?t=10s ), 
  `` the pope '' , not like other popes , especially the recent leftist , 
  well , we are red , as usual , no surprise . 
  i am shocked how red czechs are , they are usually the role progressive model . 
  yea , study says every , but they manage to pick colors to show who is bad . 
  the guy is [ natural ] ( http://polityczek.pl/images/darvyhvwaaeb5ur.jpg ), 
  his wife , [ the one in short dress ] ( http://i.iplsc.com/agata-duda/0005r2t80cm6ye4d-c122-f4.jpg ) not bad either . 
  left to right : bosnia , and , herzegovina . 
  questionable selection of photo . 
  you are right , the problem with every strong leadership is lack of competition . 
  same happened with po and tusk , once he is gone , the party is mess . 
  most probably same will happen with pis , no future after kaczynski . 
  still they will have someone as new leader . 
  i guess new person will be the leader . 
  what do you expect ? 
  civil war ? 
  come on guys , what do you think he is , a devil himself ? 
   there are numerous ties are you able to list them ? 
   no free elections ? 
  that 's going full retard ... you think they 'll go that far ? 
  they said the same last time pis had power , approx 10 years ago . 
  then , election came , pis lost and ... became opposition . 
  no civil war , nothing . 
  considering the people are key ingredient of any country , then yea , calling them idiots , sheepoles , is shitting on the country . 
  i am sorry the democracy failed you by letting win the other party . 
  do n't worry , it will change , that is how democracy works . 
  not at all , good luck . 
  out of curiosity , which country policies you 've chosen ? 
   fukken sheepoles criticism of government ? 
  see the date of the interview , 2014 . 
  turkey was a little bit different than is now . 
  ease with the drama , quite a few of them here , that is fact .
