  simply stating it , is far from `` nationalist rhetoric '' . 
  to his defense , those opposing , who shit on poland in every comment , rarely have the pl flair set . 
  i guess they are ashamed . 
  do n't forget about pis army shooting the opposition and pis mosquitoes biting during summer . 
  maybe you are just not capable enough to generate good income ? 
  i am not `` their '' spokesman . 
  i was referring to your '' . . trolls spreading pro-pis propaganda . . '', 
  care to elaborate ? 
  that is how it works during election , both sides . 
  not only in poland . 
  still , calling anyone you disagree with a `` pis propaganda troll '' is kind of immature . 
  people expressing opinions are not `` propaganda trolls '' just because you disagree with them . 
  the world is a bit more complex than that . 
  `` if you run into an asshole in the morning , you ran into an asshole . 
  if you run into assholes all day , you 're the asshole . '', 
  merkel - 0 kids , macron - 0 kids , t. may - 0 kids , gentiloni - 0 kids , leaders of 4 largest eu countries , responsible for over half of population in eu ( i know brexit , but still in ) . 
  never said the problems are because of eu . 
  there is a significant number of people that feel left behind after much of manufacturing died in uk . 
  they do n't keep up with the london pace and feel like have not much influence on the direction in which uk goes . 
  for them brexit referendum was an opportunity to fight back , even if it made no sense . 
  i am not saying it was a good thing , quite the opposite to be honest . 
  but making such a nasty simplification as you did , is not wise . 
  i am afraid you did not understand what i wrote . 
  farage was a symptom , not a root cause , he just made a good living out of it . 
  if a growing number of people express concern about where their country is heading , you can do two things . 
  you can either just shout xenophobia , nationalism , idiots at them , or try to understand their concerns . 
  first usually backfires after a while ( brexit , trump ) , second might work . 
  easy to call others idiots . 
  brexit had reasons , the fact that brexit itself did not solve any issues , or even may make them worse , does not cancel the original problems . 
  this should be a lesson for eu as well , do n't ignore people that do n't agree with you . 
  and war actually does not help the economics if you have it at home . 
  most of them make the mistake of looking at poland from the `` warsaw '' point of view . 
  the problems they raise are not relevant to majority of poles . 
  also , it is not enough to vocal some left opinions to be valid political option , now you need structures all across poland to be able to compete . 
  kukiz got into parliament without such and is now a mess . 
  at this moment pis and po are the ones capable to run the country . 
  the closest thing to muslims in this part of europe , are muslims in this part of europe . 
  unless you are using word `` muslim '' as an insult here . 
  lol , one sentence to trigger them all , 
  kukiz turned out to be `` lame '' and some already forgot about `` razem '' . 
  at the same time pis gave 500 + and in general was not stealing much . 
  colonel zoidberg , on duty ,, 
  how many kids she has ? 
  yaawn ,, 
  it makes you think , when germans riot in their city , while few days later turks can protest against their president in such numbers without looting . 
  ryszard tobys and his remington . 
  [ shooting ] ( https://youtu.be/7mkhnmd8jpq ) that thing . 
  uhm , so when exactly german police will respond ? 
  where is the line ? 
  not till murder or what ? 
  this is bloody arson , not very unlikely to set few buildings ablaze . 
  this is a terror act in densely populated city and tolerating it as `` just some property '' can backfire dramatically . 
  that is basically what reddit is about , duh, 
  maybe so , but they will escalate until receive strong push back . 
  where do you want to draw the line ? 
  i agree that the mechanism you described is real . 
  at the same time i believe it works if people are highly motivated to resist . 
  i do n't think this punks are . 
  we had few cases in poland where police seriously hurt or killed one of so called `` football fans '' . 
  it indeed spawned massive riots , but ended in a day or two after massive massive police reinforcements went into action . 
  this kind of people lack the motivation , that is my point . 
  but in general , you are right . 
  see for yourself , the blue one is a `` link '', 
  real ones might not , like on maidan where people fought for better future . 
  but this kids ? 
  they just bored and want to destruct stuff , they have too much to loose , one shot rest will flee . 
  hamburg [ skyline ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nnolsq3bwk ), 
  also the jail time is significant . 
  the kids in hamburg just know they will not be punished at all . 
  they do n't care about reputation and/or job loss . 
  black bloc is just a type of operation , antifa does that , as well as other far-left groups . 
  antifa earned this reputation , it is not without a reason . 
  the point is ( pay attention ) : if antifa uses black bloc tactics to vandalize the city , they will be considered black bloc vandalizing city . 
  it is not some tump conspiracy to associate antifa with violence , they earned it . 
  nice try , vocabulary argument . 
  fact is that antifa uses black bloc [ tactic ] ( https://youthradio.org/journalism/why-i-joined-antifa-a-black-bloc-protester-explains-the-appeal/ ), 
  who are they ? 
  well , it is pretty normal that you are not praised for acting like normal decent human being . 
  but acting as retarded monkey , on the other hand , gets attention . 
  they knew it was going to happen , it is g20 . 
  they had enough time to prevent it , do n't let them into city . 
  found the leftist ,, 
  next time moscow , i have an impression such riots would not happen . 
  glad they keep it home . 
  but why torch cars ? 
  never claimed that . 
  no one is trying to discredit peaceful protesters , they have right to do so . 
  still , the moment they turn violent , they cause is lost and they should face the consequences . 
  burn more cars -  produce more cars -  more cars to be burnt ,, 
  sure , still just because most are peaceful , does not mean we should tolerate riots . 
  are they germans ? 
  the nation that greatly benefits on globalism and capitalism ? 
  but they have helicopters , squad cars , city cameras . 
  they can be highly mobile if necessary . 
  they should work undercover and anticipate where the riot starts . 
  if you let in the city such a massive amount of criminals , keep eye on them . 
  seems we have a winner of the `` scumbag of europe '' contest . 
  how is that even possible for a police not to keep eye on them ? 
  they should be immediately cut off , would happen in poland in no time . 
  i just [ leave ] ( https://streamable.com/obn2b ) it here,
