of course nazis abused the power , but people could see that they were abusing long before it and could have predicted what would happen once nsdap was elected to government . 
  also , it 's not unreasonable to think , that party 's leader would be given most power in the government . 
  after all , the leader represents the party and people vote for leaders , not parties . 
  please , do not defend germans here . 
  no one came from another planet and put hitler into power . 
  he was elected and people loved him . 
  it does n't say anything about a military alliance . 
  that only says , that the countries , which signed it ( usa , russia , uk ) , will not use military force against ukraine . 
  ** yes , they were ** . 
  over 43 % of germans voted for nsdap in elections in 1933 and after the elections , reichstag passed an act giving hitler all the powers . 
   kyiv faction hello , vladimir . 
  what brings you to reddit tonight ? 
  it 's very inspiring to see men , who have been through hell , smiling and with such optimism and warmth in their eyes . 
  god help them kick russia 's arse . 
  do n't forget american-masonic-illuminati, 
  a typical western apologist right here : russia could be worse than it is now , so let 's be happy with the way things develop now . 
  after all , letting it annex parts of over countries is much better than unsettling russia and risking something much worse to happen, 
  hey sweden , when are you going to recognise isis as a legitimate country ? 
  surprised , how no one has made a joke , that russian jets got lost . 
  you let me down reddit sometimes . 
  chins up !, 
  in a couple of months the same ukrainian men in the video will walk again those streets . 
  but this time , as the winners and true owners of their country . 
  we already have a major problem - a country is invading its neighbours . 
  what else do you need ? 
  if you think that what hamas does is great and you support it , then there 's no reason for me to argue with you . 
  if anything , you just showed how little you know on the topic . 
  palestine has never been an independent state , therefore , saying that israel is occupying something is incorrect . 
  palestine is simply a geographic region , that 's it . 
  arabs had the chance to have their own state , but refused and now they fight for reasons known only known to themselves . 
   constant terror attacks by israel . 
  let 's ignore the fact that gaza is run by hamas , a terrorist organisation , and israel is constantly being bombed from there . 
   as a result , a u.n. special commission on palestine ( unscop ) was created to examine the issue and offer its recommendation on how to resolve the conflict . 
  unscop contained no representatives from any arab country and in the end issued a report that explicitly rejected the right of the palestinians to self-determination . 
  rejecting the democratic solution to the conflict , unscop instead proposed that palestine be partitioned into two states : one arab and one jewish . 
  arab representatives were invited to unscop , but they refused to join the commission . 
  so the arabs were the ones who did not want to solve the problem originally . 
   and , furthermore , the u.n. would have had no authority to take land from one people and hand it over to another , and any such resolution seeking to so partition palestine would have been null and void , anyway . 
  who did they take the land away from ? 
  who did it belong to ? 
  it belonged to ottomans and after its collapse it was given to the british , by the leage of nations and then un established two states . 
  the best way to destroy any hamas lover 's argument is to ask the following question : - what lands is israel occupying ? 
  what is the name of country that 's being occupied ? 
  hint : palestine is not the correct answer , because it has never been a country . 
  they did not give land to israel . 
  they got tired of jews and arabs fighting among themselves and withdrew from palestine . 
  israel state was established by un . 
  after reading some of the comments here , i 'm wtf ` ing . 
  an internationally recognised terrorist group hamas attacks a democratic country which then tries to defend itself and you suggest that europe should stay out of this ? 
  over a thousand rockets have been launched from gaza since june . 
  most recently , kidnap and killing of three jewish boys . 
  the least europe could do is express their support to israel . 
   europe that caused the mess israel was established after un decided to create two separate states , because arabs could not get along with the jews . 
  how exactly europe has caused this ? 
  if estonia 's economy is shrinking , then this is a sign to be concerned for lithuania and latvia as well . 
  in my experience , reminding shits that they are shits and nothing more helps . 
  that way they are scared to speak in public their chauvinistic ideas because they know they will be condemned . 
  secondly , this is personal ( and not just to me ) - members of my family were exiled to siberia or had to flee to usa , so why should n't i speak my mind when chauvinists try to defend ussr ? 
  you are mixing two things - the response to an attack of a country which is not part of eu and nato ( ukraine ) and response to countries which are ( baltics , poland ) . 
  those are very different things . 
  companies in germany are blocking sanctions which are response to russia 's actions in ukraine . 
  in the usa , both democrats ( obama , biden ) and republicans ( mccain ) reassured about defending nato countries and confirmed it with their actions . 
  i understand what you are saying - that the businesses are against this , but they are n't the ones running everything . 
  in a time of war their word will be ignored . 
  the us will engage . 
  they did not deploy their troops to the baltics and poland just for the show . 
  also , could you imagine the political catastrophe of this ? 
  the moment any country decides not to engage , the nato would stop existing . 
  no one wants to be remembered in history like this . 
  nato will stand its ground . 
  there are multiple evidence pointing to this ( troop deployments , military drills ) . 
   poles and czechs and lithuanians lived worse than the english and the french , but they still lived better than russians . 
  eastern european goods were held in high esteem throughout the ussr . 
  every ddr citizen who has seen brd wanted to live there , and every rsfsr citizen who has seen gdr wanted to live there . 
  so the visceral reaction is `` how can you claim to be oppressed if you lived better than us '' ? 
  how high are you ? 
  everyone was living like in a shithole in ussr - economy was built on faulty foundation . 
  number of products in the was market determined by the party , not by demand . 
  as a result there was very little food or other goods to buy . 
  by the way , oppression is not limited to standards of living but it rather refers to freedom . 
  what kind of live are we talking about when the party tells you what to study , where to work , what books you should read , what music you should listen to or even who to marry ? 
   the dreaded deportations . 
  operation priboi resulted in ~ 90,000 estonians , latvians and lithuanians being sent to siberia . 
  katyn massacre ended the lives of 22,000 educated poles . 
  but this pales when compared to the great purge , when , during 1937 and 1938 , the nkvd detained 1,548,366 persons , of whom 681,692 were shot . 
  yes , i know that 40,000 latvians out of two million is a bigger proportion than 1,500,000 out of 160 million , but the raw numbers are incomparable , and we have n't touched the red terror yet . 
  so the visceral reaction is `` compared to russians , you have n't really been oppressed , we have shrugged and moved on , why ca n't you ? '', 
  i will be speaking only about numbers in lithuania . 
  you fail to mention 20,000 people of the resistance killed and another 500,000 who fled the country to escape the soviet terror . 
  in 1940 a bit over 3 million people lived in lithuania , in 1950 - 2.5 million . 
  it 's estimated that if it was n't for soviet occupation lithuania would now have 5 million people instead of 3 million . 
  also , why are russians such masochists ? 
  millions of your own were killed and you still think the ussr was the greatest thing ever . 
   the equalization of soviet rule and nazi rule . 
  this is something that can not be comprehended by a russian mind . 
  despite the brutality of the soviet rule , they can not beat 13 million civilian deaths in 4 years . 
  yes , i know that the germans did n't decimate eastern europe like they did russia , belarus and ukraine , but equating soviet and german occupations or rationalizing the formation of ss divisions as `` using one tyrant to fight another '' is abhorrent to russian ear . 
  the latter also sounds very close to rationalizing the molotov-ribbentrop pact as `` letting one capitalist bloc fight another '' , and i do n't think anyone here will agree it was a good idea . 
  your small brain can not comprehend this because you have been ( and still are ) brainwashed since 1940s . 
  no matter how you put it , nazi germany and ussr started the wwii , sent people to labour camps , brutally killed people based on their ethnicity ( ukrainians , balts were thought to be `` untrustworthy '' so russians were looking for any excuse to kill them .
