  life was shit in ussr even if you `` did n't rock the boat '' . 
  buying every day things , like toilet paper , jeans or fruits was impossible , unless you knew who to bribe to get those things from under the counter . 
  this is not really a new thing . 
  so called 30 rouble army is working hard all year long , especially now [ 1 ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/russia_30_ruble_army_emerges_again/24477703.html ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/33018/opinion-have-they-already-tried-to-recruit-you-into-a-30-rouble-army-201333018/ ), 
  of course they do , but if you read a russian history book and a book from western world you would find more differences than similarities . 
  this is what feminism supposed to be about - fighting for women 's rights in islamic countries and communities rather than finding imaginary problems in the western civilisation . 
  because those countries have morals and do n't want to support a pseudo-country run by terrorists . 
   using gloves not going to make it . 
  i 've never seen a shill confirm that he is a shill and then reiterate the point i was making . 
  no 30 roubles for you !, 
  itt : russian shills using a well known discussion derailing technique whereby they try to make idiotic claims that us is as bad or even worse than russia . 
  this is n't 9gag . 
  there 's no need for this cancerous content here . 
  go to 9gag with this pathetic `` so you want to visit x '' shit . 
  may the force be with him, 
  greece will not be kicked out . 
  they will beg to be allowed to leave . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  well , they already have stopped paying , have n't they ? 
  just hold a referendum at your house where you democratically decide that the interest is humiliating and that you proudly reject bank 's terrorism . 
  and if the bank does not agree with the outcome , remind them that this is how democracy works and that they should respect the people 's ( of your house ) decision . 
  i do n't want to go to sleep because i do n't know what i will find when i wake up :(, 
  at least we have euros in our atms , 
  greeks ' delusional thinking summed up in one picture . 
  when iceland implemented capital controls in 2008 , they were partially lifted in 2015 . 
  when cyprus implemented them in 2013 they were lifted in 2015 . 
  this shows that no matter what the government says , the capital controls in one form on another will be enforced for at least several years , not just until the referendum . 
  [ not all argentina 's creditors were part of the debt restructuring as they did not agree to the haircut and as a result , the creditors are due to be paid their full face value . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-07-30/what-happens-now-that-argentina-is-in-selective-default ), 
  it depends on where the debt was underwritten ( london , i guess ? ), 
  and what are the exact contracts . 
  for example , argentina owed money after default and even after two debt restructurings , some of their bond holders were eligible to full face value of the bonds . 
  communists and nazis , despite their imaginary differences , will always come together and screw over their country on any chance they can get . 
   but it 's the eurozone who is doing exactly that . 
  this is what the greek government is saying . 
  the current proposal of troika will kick the can even further down the road . 
  consider for example that the first 2 `` bailouts '' required 9 billions of austerity measures . 
  the last program under discussion required the same amount of measures in just 18 months !!!, 
  this is clearly impossible no matter what . 
  it seems that germany decided that the only policy working in eurozone is austerity . 
  the loans were supposed to buy time for the greece to make reforms , so that by the time the bailout program expires , greece would have a balanced budget , competitive economy and fewer structural deficiency , and return to capital markets on its own . 
  that 's it . 
  the loans were never meant to stimulate growth , as there was nothing to stimulate . 
  however , greece could n't do this over the course of several years , so the plug had to be pulled at some point . 
  and if one the most successful countries in eu ( and in the world ) tries to ** help ** implementing a policy , then the people should probably listen to them , because probably , that 's the reason behind their success . 
  at what fucking point did the european politicians imposed anything on greece ? 
  greece was always given a choice with conditions attached - here is the money and here are the things you would have to do for them . 
  if you do n't want the money , do what you want . 
  all the reforms were passed by greek parliament which was elected by the greeks . 
  that sounds very democratic to me . 
  the fact that european tax payers do not want to give greece money just so that the greeks could kick the can down the road for a few months longer before ending up in the same situation , does not mean that europe screwed greece over , the greece was ruled by the germans or german-bank-illuminati corporations or any other thing you believe . 
  always ask for a receipt to make the locals pay their taxes . 
  `` dad , where were you when greece left the euro ? '', 
  `` i was shitposting on reddit , son '', 
  voldemortfakis , who is supposed to be an economist and a master of game theory , can not comprehend the fact that if the deal is reached by tuesday , then the vote on sunday is pointless and if the deal is not reached , then there is n't a programme to seek approval for in the referendum . 
  honest to god , it would be really amusing to see him put himself in a lose-lose situation , if he was n't screwing up the future of greece . 
  where 's the `` vote does not matter because the bailout programme will have expired by the time people show up at the polling stations '' option ? 
  it 's so funny to see all the communists/socialists/anarchists / other-types-of-idiots clapping their hands and vomiting things like `` democracy '' , `` people 's choice '' , `` sticking it to the germans '' etc. 
  and being happy about the little vote they are going to have which will mean absolutely nothing . 
  first of all , there 's a big question if a referendum can be organised in such short time . 
  you need to prepare voting centres , train people , put the infrastructure in place and even then anyone will be able to question the validity of the outcome of the referendum . 
  the only other people who can organise a referendum on such short notice are russians , so maybe it 's worth asking them for tips . 
  secondly , the vote , regardless of the outcome , will have no meaning - the deadline of imf payment will be missed and bailout program will have expired . 
  extension of a bailout was turned down by the greeks and even if the greeks wanted the extension now , it would have to be approved by several national parliaments , so again , no time and always a chance that the program would not be extended due to a hold up in a single parliament . 
  lastly , if it was all about democracy and giving people a choice , why was the referendum not organised earlier ? 
  the talks have been stalling for half a year , but the greek government decides to hold it only now after it is too late ? 
  so have fun , whilst i 'll go to an atm near my home with no queues to withdraw euros . 
  you are right , should have let them default in 2010 and not given them a cent . 
  in retrospective , germans were right for not wanting to bail out greece . 
  what do you mean `` was n't as expected '' ? 
  the goal of the reforms was to prevent greece 's default and that was achieved . 
  no one has ever said that the goal of the reforms was to stimulate growth . 
  yes , you are right - should have listened go germany and not given a cent to greece . 
  sir , you sound like you came from a very broken home . 
  that 's actually , the best part of the whole process - an entire generation of greeks will learn about the importance of : 1 . 
  living under budget 2 . 
  sticking to commitments 3 . 
  learning the value of taking an approach which focuses on long term success . 
   greek simply will never be able to repay all of its debts , which currently stand at 175 % they do n't need to return all of it . 
  first , they need to balance their budget , so they would not have to borrow more , but keep refinancing old debts and then wait for the economy to start growing ( which , by the way had already started , before siriza came to power ) . 
  the ratio of the debt and gdp will begin to shrink and everything is going to be okay . 
  this is going to be a very long process ( we are talking decades ) , but it is the most reasonable and the least damaging to greece 's and eu 's finance systems , rather than going with the nuclear option and defaulting . 
  like with everything in life , the first path will bring pain in the short term and results in the long run . 
  great idea . 
  should we offer them your pension fund ? 
  this drawing ( there is no other word for it ) is completely retarded - population change does not equal casualties in the ww2 as the op tries to imply . 
  for a lot of these losses russians themselves are responsible . 
  for example , the losses in lithuania were mostly from the ethnic cleansing performed by them and because another part of the population had to leave the country to avoid the killings . 
  the number of deaths in ukraine was caused by the holodomor , which again , russians are responsible . 
   please , do n't rage at russians on such a solemn day . 
  they should n't have killed so many people and collaborated with germans and most of people who were killed probably would have lived long and happy lives , so i 'll rage all i want . 
  inb4 russia saved europe inb4 holodomor was due to modernisation and happened in all of russia . 
   trigger warning you 're not tumblr anymore . 
  i support ukraine in its fight with russia fully . 
  however , this video shows why ukraine is shithole now and it 's going to be a shithole for a very long time . 
  i can not understand how a nation can celebrate a fact being occupied by russia and then forced to fight against their will in a war on their occupant 's side . 
  but ukrainians do not see a problem with that . 
  they even celebrate it on 9th may ( only russians do that ) . 
  this gives russia a very broad range of tools to use in propaganda - starting from `` we won against the nazis together , therefore we should stick together as we are one nation '' to `` we fought nazis back then and we have to fight them once again '' . 
  the entire russia 's identity today is built around ww2 and celebrating days like this only helps to destroy ukraine 's as a nation 's identity and bring it closer to a russian one .
