  even in this video , the old man is wearing soviet medals which display hammer and sickle and even [ the order of glory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_glory ) which is worn by the russian terrorists / army in the ukraine 's east . 
  and they did - they agreed to the bailout and even got bond holders to agree to a haircut . 
  they did agree to the bailout reluctantly , but as very recent history has shown , they were right to not trust the greeks , as they have shown to be unreliable partners by not meeting their obligations . 
  but no one forced the austerity on greece . 
  they practically begged germans to start the programme . 
  of course they do , but for some people that 's not enough . 
  some people think , that business run by certain people is not good enough for the rest of us and it needs to be shut down . 
  pretext for doing that changed throughout the history , but the reason for that always remained the same - good ol' fashioned antisemitism . 
  not yet , but as you can see from the article , there is a proposal to do that . 
  this is ** exactly ** the same thing . 
  germans awhile ago marked jewish shops as well , so that the consumer would have a choice not to support jewish businesses and instead support german ones . 
   defending the jews  you 're racist ?? 
  if we are going that route , might as well mark them with yellow stars of david . 
  honestly , wtf ? 
  yet they keep coming . 
  because guess who will oppose extending sanctions to russia next time all eu leaders get together ? 
  like always - block youtube , twitter and facebook , because pope has profiles on those websites . 
   neutrality toppest of keks . 
  both sides have said , that the war would have been much shorter if the germany 's war effort had n't been supplied by sweden . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  just say something that 's completely true , but contradicts what russia today is pushing , and you will trigger them to no end . 
  for example : nato 's intervention in 1999 was completely legitimate , although it was too late and not powerful enough . 
  now give it a few minutes and watch my karma go down . 
  serbia proving once again that it 's not part of the europe and it would much rather continue being backwards . 
  also , kosovo is not serbia . 
  business as usual for the fascists of pribaltiki , right vladimir ? 
  come on , ukraine , not this shit again . 
  you wo n't get a third chance . 
  a fun film , but to be honest , but i do n't think latvians/estonians would act like what the film is showing or what ukrainians did a few years back - any sign of civil unrest and a whiff of people 's republics would be met with more than adequate force rather than publicly pleading russians to back out . 
  after all , this is the main scenario the baltic countries are practicing . 
  can not comprehend the fact that the only reason why gazprom 's prices are lower is because of the lng terminal and that before it was built , russians could charge whatever they wanted ? 
  do n't let him fool you !, 
  he wants to get elected as mep just so he would get access to the european parliament to hide his final horcrux . 
  also , he killed dumbledore . 
  you ca n't trust a man like this . 
  now back at me !, 
  maybe this is the solution ? 
  show illegal immigrants the ways of european bureaucracy and they will leave on their own ? 
  no need to make deals with afghanistan , turkey , iraq , block or turn arround immigrant ships , close borders , arrest them when they arrive and persecute the volunteers who help them once they land in greece ? 
  just let them experience the bureaucracy and they will leave voluntarily . 
  thanks fam !, 
   life with sadam was good , but bad usa came and destroyed everything  belarus is okay and totally not a shithole nice try , vladimir , but pls , go . 
  simple economics - on one side you have universities ( supply ) and on the other you have students ( demand ) . 
  as the loans become accessible to the students , more and more students are taking them out thus increasing the demand . 
  as the demand side grows , the supply side hikes up the prices . 
  easy access to higher education is what makes it so expensive . 
  if the mentality was `` higher education is a privilege , not a right '' , then you would have fewer students ( although more motivated and studying real subjects ) and would not have this problem . 
  if a country can not defend its borders , then it is directly on its military . 
  if what you are saying is true and greece is capable of defending its border , then the question should be why greece is not willing to do that and why europe has to deal with the consequences of greece 's indecision ? 
  in that case , shutting greece out of schengen seems a very reasonable approach . 
  greece did not introduce a lot of cuts to its military and still spends more % gdp than most of nato countries ( yes , their gdp shrank , but that does not change the picture ) , so the * muh austerity * argument does not really work here . 
  ever since voldemortfakis was kicked out of ~ ~ europe 's clown position ~ ~ greek finance minister 's position , he is of no interest to anyone . 
  he can now focus all his time to ~ ~ trying to kill harry potter and acquire the philosopher 's stone ~ ~ create yet another marxist-communist-socialist movement in europe ( which will be forgotten after the first election ) and poison the minds of students at any third class university that would hire him . 
  today 's europe - open the borders to everyone and then send money to terrorists ( yes , terrorists . 
  palestine is run by a terrorist organisation hamas ) . 
  germans in denial . 
  also worth reminding ( i have n't seen it in this thread ) , that mikhail gorbachev is directly responsible for what happened that night . 
  you are up early today , vladimir . 
  unfortunately , in this case , yes . 
  what those countries achieved over 25 years has shown that was the right decision , as opposed to what could have happened if they had n't done that . 
  ~ ~ latvia , estonia ~ ~ those certain countries had very good reasons not to do that , because if they had given citizenships to everyone , who lived there , those countries would not have joined eu , nato ( or even gotten independence ) and be shitholes like belarus or ukraine . 
  too bad he missed his head . 
  vladimir , pls do n't try so hard . 
  it 's too obvious . 
  vladimir , pls . 
  not on christmas . 
  all of this just to make fatties feel better about themselves . 
  simply incredible . 
   it is almost like having communist government , going through a retarded referendum , having a stand off with their creditors and shutting down banks and atms is not working . 
  ftfy, 
  do i really need to explain to you how the second part of my comment is sarcasm or are you going to realise that yourself ? 
  that could not be further away from the truth . 
  germans acknowledged and apologised for their past mistakes . 
  russians never did that and are denying everything to this day . 
  communist = russian nationalist . 
  just because they say , that they are not nationalist , does not make it true . 
   communists were not `` russians '' just like nazis were not germans , right ? 
   joseph stalin had nothing to do with the russians , he was a huge russophobe he was such a huge russsophobe that he eventually became the leader of the country , started killing non-russian people and occupying other countries , so russians could leave russia and live somewhere else . 
  bigger russophobe than the pribaltiki if you ask me . 
  but seriously , vladimir , please go . 
  too bad they are , vladimir , and turkey just reminded , that there 's no reason to be scared of russia , as they know themselves very well , that nato and the west are the top dogs in the world . 
  lie real obama 's orders would have said to crucify some russians too . 
  checkmate , atheists !, 
  it 's going to make life difficult to russians , who now have to worry , how to supply the occupied peninsula . 
  the point is to fight occupants and make their live as difficult as possible . 
  yes . 
  u mad , vladimir ? 
  what did you have for lunch ? 
  just yesterday was kristallnacht and today eu decides to label jewish products to warn consumers that they are from israel . 
  pretexts are different , but the actions and goals are the same . 
  well done . 
  if anything i will try to buy israeli products just to piss off all leftist-terrorist-loving idiots, 
  i hope the portuguese will stock up on cash , as in about ~ 6 months time there will be a ` democratic referendum ' on ` rejecting humiliating conditions imposed on proud ~ ~ greek ~ ~ portuguese people ' . 
  shortly after , the atms will run out of cash because of ` greedy germans not giving away money to invest and revive economy ' . 
  here we go again !, 
   you exaggerate . 
  nope , ~ ~ retards ~ ~ communists are the same everywhere . 
  ya dun goofed , germany . 
   plus you can say fraud is possible in every way you vote electronic or not . 
  no , you ca n't .
