  then of course there was khatyn massacre ) and were evil empires in general . 
  the only difference is that germans were stupid enough to publicise their plans to the whole world , whereas russians were smart enough to hide them under a blanket of lies . 
  where is the lithuania 's logo used ? 
  i have never seen it before ? 
  [ it has never gone lower than 60 % ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/03/26/putins-approval-rating-hits-80-percent/ ), 
  yes , you are absolutely right . 
  why give them out to people ? 
  that 's just too much work for an average lazy-ass terrorist . 
  it is much simpler to put them straight to the ballot box . 
  why even bother distributing them ? 
  they would have simply stuffed them into the ballot boxes before/after the vote and that 's the end of it . 
  why would ukrainians stage the whole thing ? 
  this ` referendum ' does not have any credibility to begin with . 
  russians do n't care what anyone in the world thinks of them . 
  they just need a pretext so that when they decide to invade ukraine , they could point fingers to the ` referendum ' and say they are fulfilling the people 's choice . 
  that 's a blog run by lithuanians who translate news articles ( written in russian or ukrainian ) and posts by dmitry tymchuck to english for those who do not speak the language . 
  they also translate them to lithuanian . 
    officially - yes . 
  practically - ukraine is trying to do that now . 
   you 're talking about something different : getting out of russian empire 's influence . 
  ukraine got under that influence in 1654 , so ussr is just a brief episode in this history . 
  fair enough . 
  although , i will add that the period in ussr was the bloodiest and is the source of all problems that are happening now . 
  propaganda was also most actively used during the ussr period . 
    other countries , like ukraine , are trying to do it now . 
  ukraine left ussr in 1991 . 
  officially - yes . 
  practically - ukraine is trying to do that now . 
    whereas people in russia and belarus are trying to bring the whole thing back . 
   they want some kind of a union , but not soviet and not socialistic . 
  they have been in a union [ for a very long time ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_state ) with [ even more to come ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_union ) . 
    coincidently , belarus and ukraine were many years longer under the russia 's rule , and the results of that are still seen now . 
   russia , ukraine and belarus are inhabited by east slavs . 
  might be related . 
  not really . 
  polish are slavs but they are free . 
  it has more to do with how these nations perceive russia - ones who perceive russia as brothering country with which they have strong historic and cultural relations now are in a deep shithole . 
  those who do n't , now are free . 
    and if propaganda in russia continues , what are its chances of having a democratic country ? 
   i would argue that russia was actually moving towards democracy in 90s . 
  so it might be cyclical . 
  taking one step forward and two steps back ? 
  some countries were longer and harder exposed to the propaganda - the baltics and poland left the ussr on the first chance they got and never looked back . 
  other countries , like ukraine , are trying to do it now . 
  whereas people in russia and belarus are trying to bring the whole thing back . 
  coincidently , belarus and ukraine were many years longer under the russia 's rule , and the results of that are still seen now . 
  the key thing i 'm saying is that countries which had longer exposure to russia 's propaganda , had more difficult time establishing democracies . 
  and if propaganda in russia continues , what are its chances of having a democratic country ? 
  that 's it - russia is a lost cause . 
  the only chance this country had was its young people ( a lot of revolutions against corrupted governments were started by young people , students ) , but if even they are fed with the propaganda from such young age , then there is n't a force in russia which could turn the country around . 
  when you think that their parents as well as their grandparents were exposed to the same propaganda , it 's difficult to imagine having even a small chance of having educated , critically thinking generation of russians in the next 20 - 50 years . 
  when you take into account that this country also has the largest nuclear arsenal in the world , the future appears even scarier . 
  this will never be done . 
  some people toyed with this idea ( and stopping gas transit to kaliningrad as well ) , but it was rejected by both the government and opposition . 
  the main argument - we would not stoop to russia 's level . 
  if you do n't have an opinion , then you should shut up . 
  i think that people who kill , kidnap , throw molotov cocktails and take over building are bad and that makes me an idiot ? 
  maybe you should fuck off ? 
  russian terrorists set the building that they were in on fire and as a result of that they died . 
  honestly , i feel sorry for the building , but not them . 
   pro-maidan extremists you really want to teach me about propaganda ? 
  there can not be any sympathy towards dead terrorists . 
  had they lived long enough , they would have killed people who fight for freedom . 
  nice try kremlin . 
  the union building was occupied by russian terrorists , who then set the building on fire by throwing molotov cocktails from the roof at ukrainians . 
  if this is the case , i could n't care less about terrorists killing themselves . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/02/ukraine-dead-odessa-building-fire ), 
  the lines you mentioned will be crossed if russia attacks a nato country . 
  nato and usa demonstrated that very clearly - military drills , troop deployments near the eastern borders whilst ignoring russia 's threats . 
  true , but americans fought alone until they proved that sooner or later they will have their independence . 
  that 's when the french joined . 
   lots of fancy russian soviet-era tanks , helicopters and planes will burn . 
  do not make the same mistake twice - russia 's army is modern and ready for battle much better than anyone has anticipated . 
  and they wo n't send old equipment to the front line , only the newest and most advanced . 
  secondly , do not expect much from nato and usa . 
  this is ukraine 's fight for independence and you have to prove that you deserve freedom ( like many other countries have done that in the past ) . 
   russia needs the money as bad as the eu needs the gas . 
  russia needs the money ** more ** than the eu ( with a few countries as exceptions ) needs the gas . 
  just because it 's usual , does not mean it 's acceptable . 
  russia has never gone through desovietization processes . 
  what make this year special , is that it was the first time since 1991 when the parade took place in the red square . 
  i know it 's not banned in other countries , and that 's a mistake . 
  but if we have swastikas banned in almost every democratic country , why is it okay to openly display hammer & sickle , if both regimes did horrible things . 
  no worries . 
  if they come again , they 'll get their arses kicked like plenty of times before . 
  what 's the difference between holding people holding putin 's botox sweating face and people holding ussr 's flags ? 
  they are all degenerates . 
  do n't twist my words and do n't your words into my mouth . 
  just because communists are not together with putin , does not mean they are n't moral degenerates themselves . 
  then why is it legal ? 
  why symbols of regime , directly responsible for millions of deaths is not denounced ? 
  you do n't see germans marching with swastikas in berlin . 
  the difference between usa 's flag and ussr 's is that usa 's flag stands for democracy and freedom , whereas hammer & sickle stands for millions of deaths and totalitarian regime . 
  then why are they allowed to do that ? 
  if this was n't okay with your papa putin , they would n't be marching the red square - for the first time since 1991 . 
  therefore , if anything , tolerance level for shits like people in pictures is increasing , not decreasing . 
  then why did they bring the ussr flags to the parade ? 
  what about the pictures of stalin , lennin , and now putin ? 
  what about the flags with hammer & sickle ? 
  looking at pictures from ~ 40 years ago , does n't look like much has changed .
