  it is at worst a complete misunderstanding of the situation . 
  here 's a fact for you : rotterdam can not pay for all the subsiduaries and aid that is being requested by its populace . 
  rotterdam now has to pay that out of its own pockets . 
  the solution is that cities cut heavily in their subsidiaries and aid budgets by filtering out as many people as possible through measures described in this article . 
  schiedam , where i grew up , started with these policies . 
  if rotterdam does not do this , the city will go bankrupt in a couple of years . 
  i am anything but a neo-liberal , but your approach to this is precisely what 's wrong dutch society at the moment . 
  you need to reach out to others and together get to the needed solutions . 
  when others fail , you need to learn from their mistakes and not gloat because of whatever differences you might have with them . 
  such gloating will only frustrate future co-operation . 
  and the necessity for future co-operation is a given . 
  maybe i 'm being too hard on you , maybe i 'm being an ass , but it seems to me that you have n't been paying attention to how the national government has been shifting budgetary responsibilities to the cities whilst not giving them the necessary tools to deal with them . 
  cities can either cut or raise/increase taxes themselves . 
  the latter is already happening , but ai n't enough to cross the gap . 
  that 's why the former is also happening and it 's not driven out of any kind of ideology but out of necessity : it is pompen of verzuimpen for a whole lot of randstad cities . 
  so why is rotterdam putting the jobless back to work ? 
  the answer is a simple one : the government is now putting the costs of subsidizing at the cities while at the same time not giving those cities more money to be able to do so . 
  a relocation of responsibilities that is in truth nothing more than a filthy way of fixing the national governments budget , but screws over the local budgets . 
  the government will regret having done so within twenty years when they realize they signed away more and more power ( in the form of responsibilities ) to the eu and local governments . 
  and the local governments will remember how the big government screwed them over . 
  but when it comes to the cities actually taking measures to crack down on the amount of requests for aid : rotterdam already managed to filter out an amazing amount of leechers . 
  that is good , i suppose . 
  the question now is what those leechers will be doing to provide for themselves . 
  with police budgets being cut i 'm afraid it will lead to more crime that the cities wo n't be able to handle . 
  throw a european crisis into the mix and the fact that costs of living are rising a lot ( the dutch are raising all kinds of taxes which in turn also make the insurers and such increase the prices : those with little to no money get double screwed ) and i can see why more and more middle-class and up families are moving away from the randstad . 
  fuck my country and its inability to put down long-term plans guided by a coherent vision . 
  fuck my brethren who ca n't take the time to sit down , study the mess we 're in and map out a path out of this mess . 
  keep following new leaders who invented a compass out of here , i 'm sure that will do the trick . 
  the modern concept of marriage in north-western european states has nothing to do with the concept of marriage of those who practice arranged marriages . 
  here marriage is an administrative tick box that gives you certain social benefits , but which comes at the cost of certain responsibilities and consequences if the marriage fails and ends in a divorce . 
  for them marriage is often a means to an end to improve the socio-economic status of not just the to-be-marrieds , but the families as a whole . 
  or to secure that status . 
  this clash of cultures is just another showcase of just how different people are all over the world and why inviting others to partake in your society can be problematic : they simply do not understand the why and what behind your concepts , but do understand the outcomes of using them . 
  marriage , subsidies , aid , etcetera . 
  my cousin works with rehabilitating kids who either suffered an ilness or who were born with an affliction . 
  the difference is mindset between a moroccan family and a western european one is this : he tells the kid and his family that in four weeks , the goal is that he can walk again . 
  the moroccans sit down and think ` hey , awesome , in four weeks he can walk ' while the european ones actively start working on reaching that goal . 
  culture , it be crazy . 
  newcomers always need to prove themselves . 
  to think you can remove that factor is at best naive . 
  in fact , it has happened . 
  sweden had a bubble go pop in the 90ties and the americans dragged the rest of the world with them in their bubble that popped around 2007 . 
  but you probably already knew that , unlike the person who 's pretending that us northern people are way more decent than you southerners . 
  all of a sudden i 'm feeling like a stark . 
  you must be a filthy highgardener . 
  though technically i guess the dutch would be riverrun lads . 
  i 'm not sure who down-voted you , but the gist of your one sentence story is correct : the euro-zone was flawed from the get go ( and they knew it ) . 
  obligatory ` no shit !, 
  ` there ' the riots are triggered by governments and politicians . 
  they are nothing but staged protests that serve a political cause , whereas the riots in france and england do not . 
  civilized nations should kindly ask these politicians to stop doing this . 
  when you open up your pockets to others you should n't be surprised when they put their hands in them . 
  i 'm far from being a conservative , but when member states lied their way into the euro ( and this was known from the start ! ), 
  you know that the thought process behind the creation of the euro was anything but kosher . 
  the level of authority of the police was low before this weekend , but this really is the nail in the coffin of the dutch police force . 
  they 're nothing but glorified tax-collectors nowadays who 's main task is to fulfill their fine quota . 
  yes , the police has ( or had , but more than one police commissionair still holds on to it ) a number of fines that they must hand out or their department gets their budget cut . 
  i 'm sure the police and department of justice will try to turn this one around , but i think we 'll end up seeing 50-100 people being fined and that 's about it . 
  our police and justice department are a fucking joke that 's been hollowed out by managers and other tools . 
  by accepting the euro the leaders took upon them two possible faiths . 
  1 : the euro would succeed , so opening the door for further centralisation . 
  2 : the euro would fail , most likely thanks to a lack of a single monetary police . 
  this would enforce further centralisation upon the nation states , because there simply is no alternative . 
  i ca n't help but feel cynical when i think of the thought process of accepting the euro . 
  at least we do n't have banlieu 's :p, 
  you should come over to rotterdam and i 'll give you a tour . 
  robbing someone is n't the same as making sure someone dies . 
  undeniably . 
  i 'm almost cynical enough to think it was a calculated risk , where they knew that if it tanked it would force the union to become even closer . 
  success would lead to further centralisation , failure would demand further centralisation . 
  but i 'm not . 
  i think . 
  i hope . 
  fuck it =(, 
  what makes the journalist think the sentiment is growing ? 
  the dutch voted against the eu constitution and wilders ' pvv have been running an anti-eu program for years . 
  the socialist party ( sp ) also used to be against the eu , but changed their tone in the last year and a half . 
  if anything , i 'd say it is getting less . 
  where one might get the notion that it is growing is because the vvd is running a populist program where they try to nab votes away from wilders by pretending they are ` standing up against money-grabbing europe ' while they really are not . 
  rutte has been making a fool out of the netherlands with his recent statements on greece and future help , but those are just words . 
  two years ago he said the same thing , but signed two big bail-out packages . 
  if germany tells him to do it again , he will . 
  in that sense the vvd has become more like the pvv - a populistic party that shouts what the people wants to hear . 
  edit - and of course , with this crisis going on for years and years now , people are getting fed up with it . 
  the problem lies in the fact that next to no one truly understands what it is about . 
  when your political leaders then start talking bullshit , you might have a problem . 
  the dutch understand we need europe and that the eu is a means of achieving that . 
  it helps when you can run one monetary policy , instead of running over a dozen for the same coin . 
  yep and still not on par with the bread in the rest of europe :(, 
  it depends on where you go , but regular coffee is often 1.50-2 .00 euro 's where i live . 
  you 're right . 
  a 24 bottle crate of heineken is 12.39 at the albert heijn , so if you add 8 you should be thinking about 16-17 euro 's tops . 
  and you 're crazy if you 're buying big crates when they ai n't on sale . 
  the different brands of supermarkets rotate through sales on all drinks so fast that you should always be buying cola , beer and ice tea and such when they 're on sale . 
  or at least , that 's what i can do in my town . 
  20 euro 's could get you like 3.5-4 kilo 's of unfrozen ( :p ? ), 
  chicken filet . 
  got to love the prices for meat here . . 
  most cafe 's i go to you could get 10 beers for 20 euro 's , unless you 're going for special beers , but if you 're in amsterdam or another ` big ' centre you 'll probably be paying 2.50 euro 's for a beer yes . 
  just like religious people believe they possess a singular truth , yes .
