  that though requires the other members to have had faith in greece before all of this took place which , i 'm pretty sure , was n't the case . 
  lol . 
  yet nothing has been done about preventing a repeat . 
  nothing has been done about separating investment banking from savings banking like it used to be before the 90s . 
  the same mentality still rules in the city and eventually we 'll run into that brick wall again . 
  when you give the devil a hand . . 
  . . you of wantings for us to create more lebensraum ? 
   in the end , it could still be a pyrrhic victory since the syriza government thoroughly trashed the economy in between . 
  but i doubt a socialist government cares very much about that . 
  not sure if joking or serious . 
   http://money.cnn.com/2014/01/03/news/economy/spain-jobs/ i read an article before where a doctor stated he had to sign a new contract every two weeks . 
  it 's why i 'm asking since lots of things on the internet are to be taken with some salt . 
   http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-01/why-1-million-new-jobs-in-spain-may-be-bad-news, 
  i 'm pretty sure groningen would n't survive the shock that would cause . 
  they 've been busy being absolute assholes so i fail to see how they did n't live up to their election promises . 
  all joking aside , the vvd is a known flipflopper that will speak to one 's underbelly while catering to the real power and money . 
  schippers being a pawn of the tabacco lobby , kamp fucking people over in the name of the nam . . good stuff . 
  do multiple jobs per person count in these stats ? 
  ive read articles that stated that the spanish job market makes you you go through many contracts in just a single year right now so that companies wont be stuck with you , resulting in something i could never imagine happening here : having to sign a contract every other week . 
  even doctors are doing it . 
  im honestly curious as i got no clue how these numbers are put together . 
  he also stated ` not a single euro will go to greece ! ', 
  as an election promise but two weeks later signed over billions , so i would take his words with a kilo of salt . 
  the man is a known bullshitter , 
  the dutch will do whatever the germans want them to . 
  putin ukraina !, 
  . . sounds familiar ? 
  that isnt a joke ?!, 
  please tell me it is a joke . 
  enjoy living in your bubble . 
  if one were a dictator , sure . 
  are you talking to yourself or are you presenting us with rhetorical strawmen ? 
  because the first is a bit strange and the second is a waste of our time . 
  no economist will tell you that ` unsustainable expenditures are a good thing ! ' . 
  krugman is against harsh austerity as it undermines any and all economic growth . 
  that 's the basis for his reasoning . 
  agree or disagree with him all you want , but that ai n't a crazy premise . 
  he then continues to argue his point from that starting destination . 
  then you . 
  you suggest piketty and krugman believe ` x ' and then link that falsity to greece . 
  you use it as a stepping stone for venting what we in dutch call one 's ` underbelly ' : the unpleasant emotional thoughts one has about issues and politics . 
  the greek situation seems to anger and frustrate you . 
  fine , understandable , but you wave away any and all facts and reason to give them a cold shoulder with the short message ` sucks to be you , go build up something without any building bricks and so long ' . 
  what kind of message is that when you 're trying to join a discussion ? 
  the reality is this : greece has a depressing level of unemployment , sees little to no investments , has a braindrain going on , sees capital leaving the country at a scary pace and has slashed its welfare and social safety net with pretty much only the pensions remaining . 
  to slash further into those will mean you 're throwing lots of greeks onto street : is that a fix ? 
  is that a cure ? 
  according to you , they ` must ' . 
  solidarity must be shown in good * and * in bad times . 
  try taking a look at their welfare/subsidies budget . 
  then take another look at the pension budget . 
  you 'll see that they 're one and the same and if you slash pensions , you 're kicking tens of thousands . . if not hundreds of thousands . . of greeks into the abyss as they fall through the cracks of the safety net . 
  the eu is like goatse : no matter how much you pull , it ai n't gon na tear . 
  i was thinking dijsselbloem - varoufakis . . 
  a serious and highly praised economical news program here has been repeatedly showing the ` varoufakis giving germany the middlefinger ' clip this week . 
  that made me facepalm pretty hard . 
  not if you border them . 
  dont make the german scream ... 
   if anything , the eu will be a better working organisation when greece leaves . 
  how ? 
  the core fundamentals are still flawed and will continue to produce problems that the system ca n't deal with . 
  even if you ignore the euro and the ez there are so many problems that it blows the mind . . 
  besides , greece leaving/being kicked out will ruin whatever legitimacy and reputation the eu had . 
  it is an already wildly impopular institution with north-western europeans . 
  which can not be the case since merkel has said herself that the 2012 plan was futile ( and thus by extension , so is the current plan ) . 
  you can not say you want x to end while proposing y and knowing that y wo n't make it so : /, 
   the key is social rent which , combined with rent subsidies , means you pay very little for housing . 
  this is easier if you 're already in the system . 
  social housing is being demolished nation-wide and it is not being replaced . 
  when a house opens up the rent will be bumped up to 1-2 euro 's under the set maximum rent . 
  cities nowadays have to cough up more of the cost of welfare and subsidies and this has catapulted their plans to demolish social housing : already they were breaking it down so that other cities could n't send them their ` worse off people ' no more . 
  this is especially apparent in the rijnmond area where rotterdam sacrifices the integrity of its surrounding smaller cities by introducing near draconian laws ( minimum income to move into the city ! ), 
  which has led to nearby cities immediately reducing the amount of social housing . 
  i 've seen entire social housing neighbourhoods flattened only to be replaced by middleclass ` rijtjeshuizen ' . 
  to add onto this , in the 00s you had a caravan of non-rent paying leeches being bounced from city to city in the region . 
  rotterdam to spijkenisse and overschie , to schiedam and vlaardingen , to hellevoet and maassluis , with none of the cities coming together to try and find a solution . 
  instead they passed the joker ( hehe ) to the player to the left . 
  it is a direct failure of the government and its governing institutions and one that deserves more national attention . 
  in short , if you were already ` in ' the system the current subs should be fine . 
  if you are n't , well , good luck . 
  as for dentistry , i 'd advice people to take a look at dsw verzekeringen . 
  in the end , dsw puts the price for their dentistry coverage in other places , but when it comes to dentistry coverage , they 're great . 
  ps - fuck the ` woningcorporaties ' . 
  it is easier to reduce a problem that is n't yours to an absurdity so you can condemn it , so giving you the perfect excuse to then just shoot at the other party . 
  being constructive takes effort , this does n't . 
  and it is n't like the media is helping to remedy this . . at all . . 
  if they survive just fine then why are an absurd amount of households suffering severe financial problems ? 
  you can survive of the 960 and other benefits ( rent aid for example ) just fine * if * nothing goes wrong . 
  if something does go wrong , you 're gon na get hammered until there 's nothing left . 
  there 's a big queue at the debt sanitation ( hue , literal translation ) institution for a reason . 
  sorry , but i get a little bit tired when people repeat this nonsense . 
  the statistics are showing it is n't true . 
  unless of course there 's a difference between ` you can live of this money ' and ` but these people ca n't live of it , because they do/don ' t do x ' . 
  which fundamentally undermines the core principles of the eu and the euro and as such , will damage an already tarnished institution to the point where trust between nations becomes a rare commodity . 
  the joy . 
  seems we are in an interregnum . 
  the euro will continue to fester and the only cure is further integration , which comes at a hefty democratic cost , or a step back . 
  said step wont be taken . 
  the democratic cost will be paid . 
  you give up autonomy in return for the promise of prosperity .
