  i 'm sure i can word that last bit better , but it will have to do for now . 
  relative safety , i reckon . 
  and greed ? 
  is wanting to build up a life in a safe and prosperous country deemed ` greed ' ? 
  seems a bit far-fetched to me . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think germany and sweden dropped the ball with their public statements that incited this rush of immigrants and that germany put a bomb under our union by forcing other nations to forego the dublin and schengen agreements , but you ca n't honestly label a person whose country has been bombed to smithereens ` greedy ' for wanting to go to a safe and prosperous place with the intent of building up a new life o_o, 
  i actually went googling this for the both of us , but i ca n't find anything on it mostly because it is buried under a mountain of non-related stuff . 
  as far as i know they 're not allowed to go out by themselves . .  the point remains that these people are not getting any impulse whatsoever from my government to even make an effort . 
  that 's actually something that worries me , because that lies at the core of the problems we have with past generations of immigrants . 
  a negative indifference and reluctance so that no bond can take place : / but hey , that 's our governmental policy right now . 
  the difference in the reactions of others and yours might be that you 've put way more thought into it . . and perhaps have more experience ( and talent for ) doing just that  but i agree with you !, 
  you 're naive if you think immigration is a leftish thing . 
  big business * loves * cheap workers and has been a driving force behind immigration from poorer countries . 
  the us is a great example of a right-wing nation that lives and thrives on migration - even if in the public debate the hardcore right-wingers try to come across as negative towards migrants . 
  there 's a difference between making a baby and raising a baby however . 
  not doing the latter definitely makes me label a person as ` not committed ' . . and some other not so nice things . 
  you 'd still have to be allowed to go and visit said library . 
  also , you need a library pass here which costs a bit of money . 
  not much , but when you got nothing , a bit is often too much . 
  besides , i do n't think our smaller libraries are packing many dutch-syrian course books :p, 
   i think this is one of the major shortcommings of our asylum process . 
  the process itself takes a very long time and during that time the asylum seekers are n't allowed to do anything besides sit around the shelter and do nothing . 
  one major hurdle is the fact we closed our azcs so we are lacking professional capacity to process the sheer amount of people that are coming to the netherlands . 
  the backlog alone will be hell to clear , let alone the refugees-to-come who will be added to the list . 
  the vvd has made it clear they want to send a message that refugees should n't come here , so do n't expect any ` job/education ' projects to take place . 
  besides , there 's no money for it . 
  the problem with your statement is that many of them did flee their homes because of the war , but got washed up in turkey or jordan . 
  once they move on from one of those countries , are they no longer refugees ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree with the notion that our refugees and asylum procedures should be used by actual refugees and asylum seekers , but in our fight to weed out the many opportunists we should n't become jaded and just open fire on anyone we see ` because many of them are opportunists anyways ' . 
  baghdad and kabul are safe ? 
  i know baghdad is ` safe ' compared to what it used to be , but bombings and violence are still pretty common . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorist_incidents_in_iraq_in_2015 and here 's a list with all terror attacks . 
  just control + f kabul and take a look . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents,_2015 i 'm no apologist for the many people who are tagging along with the refugee stream , hoping to get into europe , but there 's no reason to discredit people who are fleeing from actual dangerous places . 
  learning what ? 
  there 's nothing there . 
  they ca n't leave their compound ( if it is even that , many of them are housed in sports halls ) . 
  the truth is that the dutch government is actively frustrating refugees in the hope that they 'll spread the word the netherlands is a place to avoid . 
  i ca n't wait for a hungary-esque media shit storm to wash over the netherlands 's approach to the refugees and migrants . 
  the social democrats that are in power deserve as much . 
  how many people can be bothered to engage in an actual discussion ? 
  exactly , people prefer to blurt out their feelings and emotions and then scoot . 
  hell , they even upvote the stuff that they innately connect with : top comments on most popular subreddits are often shit posts : / . . but the gist of linden 's post is true . 
  those who have been saying there is only x space/capacity have been verbally bombed to smithereens on here and in the media . 
  yet here i am , seeing 700 people living in an university 's sports hall for a week because there 's no place for them elsewhere and knowing the government is n't going to build anything for them and or help them pick up the pieces of their lives . 
  that makes it rather easy for my to connect with linden 's post and give it an upvote . 
  shallow ? 
  perhaps , but my frustration as a moderate leftie who tries to be rational is blowing outta my ears . 
  why the snarky reply ? 
  any given country only has x existing infrastructure to facilitate y people at any given time . 
  it would be dishonest to forego that fact . 
  the netherlands for example has chosen not to invest in the refugees and is using empty buildings ( mostly sports halls ) to give them a roof . 
  for now . 
  funnily enough , the government has decided to make a cut on the refugees/immigrants budget for next year and have already taken a chunk out of next year 's budget to pay for this year 's migrant expenses . 
  would it then be a lie to say the netherlands is plagued by a lack of capacity ( albeit one created by the government ) ? 
  sorry but . .  ` reagan conservative ' . . rofl . 
  other than that , i 'm pretty sure the politicians did n't even know it was being chanted there . 
  if so , they should 've ( and probably would 've ) commented on it . 
  and full of crap since the government likes to ban/restrict the sale of the ingredients . 
  how is sanders a nutter ? 
  he always came across as very reasonable whenever he was on real time and he didnt run vermont into the ground . 
  you cant compare him to trump o_o, 
  i think heineken wanted to upgrade their own facilities to deal with processing the polluted water . 
  point is , there a fine line between corporative exploitation and practical reality . 
  he wasnt even lying , because he wouldve bombed his exams . 
  because size comes with leverage . 
  heineken recently made a deal with the organisation that handles processing dirty water which saves them 300k a year in costs . 
  heineken had announced plans to stop using their services and that would lose them 1.3 million euros a year . 
  so . . is that smart business or should the organisation accepted heineken moving on ? 
   the fresh kind is tastier though . 
  the uht milk is disgusting : ' x, 
  same thing in dutch : afsluiten . 
  i know , you swedes stole all of our words . 
  do n't ask me :p, 
  going near the arena , i understand . 
  go to rotterdam , visit witte de withstraat in the centre and get a proper kapsalon !, 
  i see you can into glorious dutch cuisine . 
  damn , you got him there . 
  i call gg . 
  is burning trash considered ` green energy ' ? 
  it ai n't racism when you hate everyone equally . 
  fuck the scum that pushes this shit through . 
  sometimes it feels like we 're regressing back to 1880 . 
  but how would heineken then be able to sponsor the james bond movies ? 
  . . yes , heineken gets subsidies :'d edit : i googled heineken and subsidaries , but could n't find anything on it other than an article that states that heineken was listed as a receiver of eu moneys , but never actually got any . 
  nestle , however , does get eu monies and they are arguably a way bigger company . 
  sound logic , ca n't argue that . 
  eh . . do you mean antisemitism is a result of muslim immigrants moving to europe ? 
  good . 
  an elected party should not have a carte blanche to do whatever they want once elected . 
  dutch politics has been riddled with such antics for a while now and even after the last referendum they went ` lulz , lets give it another label ' and pushed it through anyways . 
  a referendum from time to time will keep the politicians tied to the electorate : populism aside , i think thats a good thing since it will make parties stick to their designated colors . 
  the left ? 
  you mean ` the old establishment ' , because plenty of countries are n't governed by left or leftish governments . 
  the idea that immigration is an issue caused by the left is simply ridiculous , 
  it is my belief that anything on rotterdam has to auto-include the majestic kabouter buttplug . 
  [ why is kabouter buttplug missing ? 
  ] ( http://www.echwelrotterdams.nl/wp-content/uploads/santa-claus.jpg ), 
  the lessons were learned : you need to get even closer to the politicians so they can hide it for you . 
  volkswagen did it , though it did n't quite work out for them .
