  it is just like the housing bubble , where american and european taxpayers bailed out big banks in return for no noteworthy concessions . 
  banks are continueing doing the things they were doing before , leaving the option for a future crisis wide open instead of taking their responsibility and shutting that hole tight . 
  banks are loaning money at ridiculously low rates and lending it to others at high rates , effectively being subsidized by international monetary institutions with the blessing of the us and european governments . 
  all this while politicians preach austerity measures , breaking down our social security , breaking down healthcare and taking away more and more of our rights every day . 
  he who benefits is not the normal man and this economist hit the nail straight on ze head . 
  the spaniards and greeks are right to protest , we all should protest and oust out governments that back these ludicrous plans . 
  it 's not until someone severely fucks with your rights that you learn the true value of democracy . 
  the same old thinking that politicians and governments use to justify their actions is showcased in this piece . 
  if you let others bend you over , you will get fucked . 
  lesson still not learned , eu members still bending . 
  and of course the text message they show is in german . 
  why , world ?!, 
  why ?!, 
  more on-topic , good stuff if they actually kick the corps in the ballsack . 
  they 're relying on a dinosaur of a business model . 
  the idea that people do n't want a house , a family and a job to make it all the more comfortable is insane . 
  good that old grudges are finally being burried . 
  they wo n't become majorities anytime soon . 
  as for the latter part , it 's already happening . 
  but seeing as touching on that subject immediately means being downvoted here , fuck that . 
  no , because we got the right to do as we want while others do n't . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  kind of ironic that you 're posting with your ` atworkaccount ' ; /, 
  europe is the one area of the world that goes against that demographic tendency , but the question then becomes whether these people stick to european tendencies ;p, 
  here they study more than the boys , but end up becoming housewives at the age of 24-25 . 
  the horror stories i heard from friends who work at job agencies and as hrm 's  , 
  i wonder what will happen to these rates when the social welfare institutions of nations such as the netherlands and belgium are dismantled . 
  the dutch government is busy with that as we speak and it seems to be all the rage all over europe ( minus scandinavia ) . 
  seeing as how a large part of the muslim community lingers in the lower segments of society , that has to have an impact on it . 
  . . and someone had to start off the discussion , so do n't nail me to ze cross !, 
  pretty much . 
  i ca n't judge the individual greek , but i assume that just like anyone else they want to have a job , a house and a good life . 
  addendum - this is more about greek politicians and other assorted scumbags , i assume there 's plenty of greeks who are anything but okay with this . 
  greek politicians are filling up their bank accounts as if there 's no crisis at all . 
  roughly 800 ( ex ) parliamentarians have gone to court to claim up to 250.000 euro 's in extra payments in the last few years . . that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  oh , and they recently agreed to invest 94 million euro 's in building a new f1 race track . 
  civilized people do n't give a rats ass about it ? 
  greece wo n't let outsiders fix their problems for them , wo n't fix it themselves meaning as much as that we 'll have to pay for our mistake and seperate ourselves from them . 
  the cost will be big , but sticking to a leech like greece will only cost more in the long term . 
  sometimes examples need to be made . 
  yes , greece has inherent flaws that need to be addressed first . 
  i 'm all for european integration , but you need a solid foundation for that and more than one member of the eu and eurozone are missing that -_-, 
  it 's not off-topic when you know you ca n't build when there ai n't a foundation to build on . 
  some things are doomed from the start , this was obviously one of them . 
  it 's the perfect showcase of european integration - in that money does n't buy you the affection of others , you 'll still vote for your neighbours and no one else . 
  the eurovision is laughably bad . 
  the fact greece is missing out on 30 billion in taxes every year because of fraud and corruption is n't a huge part of the origins of the problem . 
  you ca n't help someone who 's unwilling to help himself . 
  they 'll lose whatever credibility they have left , probably get re-elections and end up with a highly populistic government who then ca n't fix any of the major problems and the eu will step in to take control of the matter . 
  no , stepping out of the euro-zone is no option for greece unless they 've pre-arranged some back-room deal with a power such as china or russia . 
  fubar 'd would be an understatement if they did . 
  lots of greek politicians are also going to court , using a law that states they should/can earn as much as the highest judge of the country , meaning they 're getting away with a salary of 250.000 euro 's a year . 
  now where is our money going ? 
  greece seems to be doing everything in her power to make europe hate her . 
  how about the greeks start taking some responsibility and actually start paying their taxes for starters . 
  they 're trying to fix this situation half-assed , at best . 
  stealing our monies , as usual . 
  it makes you wonder who profits from these kind of rumors . . 
  imagine if most families would skip meat once or twice a week and we drasticly cut down on having meat for snacks or on our sandwiches . 
  . . yeah , that would be great but i do n't see it happening any time soon . 
  the housing bubble . 
  if everyone indulges in it , what could go wrong ? 
  blinded by greed , you ca n't look further ahead than a few days but only to the coins that are to be grabbed infront of you ? 
  at least he 's using his democratic rights xd, 
  perhaps , but it is an alliance that all involved agreed on . 
  nato keeps us safe , but at a cost that not everyone is willing to pay . 
  if england were to stop being so anti-social , the big three might be able to push through an eu army  but that effort seems to be doomed from the start as long as nato is around . 
  as i said , you can agree or disagree with it . 
  i disagree with germany 's policy on this one , but there 's probably more to it than we know . 
  i also think it took way too long for the intervention to take place , but you may thank russia for that . 
  probably italy too . 
  afghanistan is a nato-collaboration where when the whole alliance asks your assistance , it 's hard to say no . 
  libya is an effort of the ` international community ' , where france and the us seem to be taking the role of leaders . 
  i can see where this seems nonsensical to most , but if you go back to the basics of it it is quite explaneable . 
  wether you then agree with or not , is something else . 
  ouch , i feel your pain man . 
  i love buying games , movies and music in the uk and clothes during rea-time in sweden . 
  the amount of money i save that way is ( for my pockets ) gigantic . 
  good luck fighting the good fight . 
  ah , yes . 
  they wo n't come to get fingerprints or other evidence if someone breaks into your garage , car or house , but they sure need your dna so they can solve even more crimes whilst sitting in their comfy chair at the office . 
  who 's putting them in ghetto 's outside of cities ? 
  where did i bring that up or say that it 's a good idea to do so ? 
  if you think i 'm a pvv-voter / wilders devotee , you 're sadly mistaken . 
  well , lets agree to disagree as i 'm getting tired of this circle rhetoric . 
  using statistics to show you what groups might need some help with sorting their problems out is not racism - it 's simply good governance . 
  no i 'm not blaming people for racial reasons , but if statistics show that a certain group has certain problems , you can act upon it . 
  it should n't fuel racism , discrimination or anything nasty , it should simply warrant action to be taken so that the problem can be corrected . 
  it 's called pragmatism . 
  i myself am a very forgiving person  and i still do n't get it where you got my ` racial reasons ' from . 
  that story holds up to a certain point . 
  we got statistics showcasing that over 50 % of a certain ethnic group 's youth has been repeatedly in touch with the police ( and not for cycling without light ) . 
  what is one to think then ? 
  to simply grab the shovel of xenophobia and dig a ditch between your group and theirs ai n't gon na work , but it does go to show we 've got to do something . 
  and that ` something ' , is a point of major conflict  i think we got to do it together . 
  it 's a two way street where you either meet us halfway in the middle or make it all the way to the end . 
  those who stand still , screaming and waving at you to come their side are the ones making the blood of so many european citizens boil . 
  that , plus a healthy dosis of fearmongering and bad experiences . 
  whether that 's right or wrong is not for me to answer , but i do know that gypsies are not loved for usually just reasons . 
  in my dealings with them , i 've only seen wallets being lost .
