  why run for government when you refuse to take any and all responsibility . 
  the ironic thing is that the us shields off its own economy whenever possible to protect its own industries yet insists that the rest play by rules it itself doesnt follow . 
  in short , fuck that and fuck them . 
  you just ca n't trust a man who buys his snacks at a frietkot . 
  decent folks go to a snackbar . 
  a surinam bun with tja sieuw is pure < 3, 
  how can we expect change in those countries when our governments dont dare to stand up for those clamoring for change ? 
  this is fantastic news . 
  i rarely downvote stuff on / r/europe , but this definitely is worthy of a downvote . 
  brussel sprouts with bits of bacon or glazed in honey are amazing . 
  the various quiches with typical dutch vegetables also rock . 
  dutch soups are also quite tasty . 
  if we wan na pick out ` stand-out ' dishes like the crazier forms of hutspot or things involving pigs ears or animal blood . . well no one i know eats that haha . 
  most of my friends do it . 
  so do i. 
  we are all well under 35 tho . . :p, 
  who would ever think that financial institutions would want to watch the world burn if it made them a profit ? 
  my nephews are half-moroccan and the oldest ( 13 ) recently commented on something on tv with ` theyre jews , they deserve it ' . 
  he isnt religious at all , but thats his dad and muslim friends rubbing off on him . 
  my mom set him straight , but imagine what happens with those tens of thousands who dont have sane parents or people around them . 
  it scares me and my government has refused to address the issue whatsoever . 
  hence why wilders ' pvv gets so many voters . 
  frustrating !, 
  europes failure to address the ukraine crisis is a hard pill to swallow . 
  blaming swiss for selling camo nets is easy . 
  you 're from casterly rock ? 
  i know , but what can i do about that ? 
  even the laisser faire liberal vvd are in favor of the tax haven setup , hehe . 
  but it is the welfare state and entitlements that ruin our nations !, 
  pechtold has become a wilders reactionairy . 
  d66 ought to replace him asap , signed , a d66 voter . 
  rutte : a smile without substance . 
  ah , it is election time , that time of the year when politicians dare say things that might wake up the voter . 
  when your leadership doesnt a give a fuck and or is incompetent these things will happen . 
  nothing . 
  it is a hot potato no ` sane ' politician willingly picks up . 
  same goes for immigation issues . 
  coffee pot economics ? 
  except that our english accent is way more endearing . 
  is it not ? 
  you got me curious about the song there for a second . 
  luckily the interest didnt last . 
  sadly im certain my swedish friends will link it to me sooner or later :(, 
  its simply shit . 
  we stole your paprikas . 
  because bureaucracies dont like that . 
  because that would cost money . 
  you should obviously demand zero taxes , maximum government investments and little to no regulation while pumping all your money abroad to avoid taxes . 
  reality seems to be telling us that . 
  that explains a thing or two about friesland . . 
  germany always has been into some kinky stuff , man . 
  he 's talking out of his ass . 
  the only thing they 're doing is being critical of the way the dutch government is handling it all . 
  their opinion ? 
  the dutch government is , at times , actively frustrating the investigation for reasons we can only guess at . 
  geenstijl is a highly polarizing news blog that gets some people to tilt . 
  it is a dream that we like to embrace . 
  it will be a rude awakening if england leaves to then find out nothing has changed , heh . 
  but that would be fabulous . 
  money money money # $ \u00a5 $ # $ \u00a5 $, 
  [ trust me , when you put your hands on some fresh danish pastries , you 'll be happy to have him in your life . 
  ] ( http://america.pink/images/1/1/7/0/2/2/7/en/3-danish-pastry.jpg ) just make sure you 're wearing earplugs . 
  you skipped over the 2012 ec :p what happened ? 
  terrible mix of coaching , key players injured ( robben / strootman ) and just lacking that little extra ` oomph ' in quality in the age 23-29 bracket . 
  i dont think anyone truly knows the why , but the fact that it is so is well known . 
  there is a reason wilders so easily gets traction with a lot of people . 
  he doesnt need to make any of this up . 
  there is a huge disparity between the native dutch and some of the biggest groups of immigrants , sadly . 
  and it has been so for quite some time . 
  we got quite a few convicted felons happily living their lives outside of jail . . our system x 'd, 
  you 're probably right , but confounding the other is the goal of a bait and switch and that 's why i used that . 
  i 'd like to believe one has to be crazy to do such stuff :(, 
  you do n't fuck with a czech before he had his morning tea-and-rum . 
  there 's no ongoing war or battle at the brussels airport . 
  there are no enemy combatants . 
  there was no imminent threat to the bomber 's life . 
  he willingly went to the airport , wrapped up in explosives , to end his existence and those of others . 
  are you really gon na go there ? 
  because ending your own life to take those of others is anything but sane . 
  let 's just agree on the fact that all of these were the acts of crazy people :(, 
  yip , which indicates the people behind this got training and belong to a bigger organisation that 's done this before . 
  it 's going to be fun when one or more of them happen to be from or trained in syria . . 
  a classic bait and switch , where the attention of the police and services are first drawn to one spot , only to then hammer away at another . 
  my thoughts go out to the victims and their families , let us all hope that the damage was minimal . . . . and fuck all of this . . 
  terrible humidity , awful for old bones . 
  no , better it be spain where the air is dry and nice to old bones . 
  i 'd never vote for the pvv or wilders , but yeah , it is a horribly biased affair . 
  research has shown that plenty of people who signed the criminal charges form against him were n't aware of what they signed , bringing us such quotes as ' i thought i was voting for the elections ' . 
  then there 's the judge thing . 
  then there was a leak of case data the day before the trial begun . 
  then there 's ... 
  it 's a fucking joke and a testimony to the inability of the dutch public prosecutors and political establishment that enabled this clownfiesta . 
  napoleon was beaten and europe wanted to reign in the revolutionary forces . 
  opting to make the netherlands a kingdom was a sensible choice , for those in power . 
  the legacy of the oranges was still alive so it was easy to tie the new nobility in with that . 
  why we still have them ? 
  because they perform a ceremonial role and havent been phased out ( yet , if ever ) . 
  to be honest , it 's quite a rare occurance and not all that strange you had n't heard of it . 
  a famous example of orange exceptionalism is the case of the guy throwing a tea light ( waxinelicht ) at the golden carriage where the police detained the man for a staggering 637 days !, 
  though , with the crazed murder attempt on beatrix and co in apeldoorn in 2009 , that might be somewhat context related .
