   http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/tienduizenden-aangiftes-verdwijnen-de-prullenbak 1 out of 5 reports get tossed into the garbage bin before they 've done anything with it . 
  that 's from a news report from 2015 that made some huge shock waves here . 
  i wish i was making it up . 
  they should start supporting leeds united . 
  let me take you to a regular swedish shopping mall . 
  we 'll see how your opinion holds up . 
  okay , fair enough , if we then went to an english mall your opinion would radically change once more , but the initial statement surely would n't survive the first field test . 
  if there 's no statistics , there 's no crime !, 
  that 's how we do it in the netherlands . 
  a-team aficionados ? 
  rocco the bear splitting dem atoms . 
  that would hinder the writer in applying his ideology to the matter since these people * need * help !, 
  yeah , im an ass for saying that , but as a leftie im getting super tired of people willingly mislabeling stuff for their own convenience . 
  the euro ? 
  the blind eye to the external borders , even after greece and italy had started clamoring for help some 4 years ago ? 
  the eu wide imposed austerity ? 
  the lack of reforms and legislation after the crisis of 2007 ? 
  the rampant expansion at all costs ? 
  the lack of undoing past compromises ( french farming subsidiaries , etc ) ? 
  one can list a few things . 
  and then theres the democratic deficit , a self-admitted problem that still hasnt been dealt with . 
  it is common amongst all politicians . 
  us right-wingers who made sure their kids dodged the draft or having to see action ? 
  current dutch right-wingers who preach solidarity in facilitating refugees , but making sure they dont end up in their backyard ? 
  hypocricy is universal : /, 
  just because said redditor made one untrue comment does n't mean he ai n't right . 
  edit : / s ( . _ . ), 
  they 'll probably intensify the wagging of the finger at greece and italy for letting all these immigrations come through in the first place . 
  eh , the russians care about their access to the black sea and putin wo n't let that go . 
  besides , backing down now means losing face and that 's another thing putin wo n't accept . 
  the ukraine will remain a shitshow for the next few years . 
   linkevicus noted there had been a `` strong '' international reaction , from eu ambassadors in kiev and from the us , calling for ukraine to do better . 
  the joke is that any serious wagging of the finger might push them into russian arms . 
  oh lord , what a cruel joke all of this is . 
  and here i thought the title hinted at it being a cold shower for the eu elite . 
  not just that , but europe is also heavily invested in russia through big co-operative projects . 
  pipelines , gas - and oilwinnings . . we all saw how far germany was willing to bend over backwards after the start of the conflict in the crimea and the take-down of flight mh17 . 
  russia ai n't as strong as it pretends to be , but it ai n't exactly about to fall over neither . 
  lies . 
  he is only alive because the orks believe he is immortal . 
  it is an easy fix to a gaping hole in the eu migration fence . 
  next stop ? 
  temporary visas for italy and tada , keeping them refugees out just became a whole lot easier !, 
  . . on paper . . im sorry greece has to suffer so much because of the eus inability :(, 
  yet when in power do anything but make the government smaller . 
  people talk , politicians lie , what else is new . 
  actually , they are sorely lacking manpower and funding . 
  lulz , the joke is that lots of stuff is being doing by right wingers as well . 
  it isnt about the political spectrum , its about an elite without roots in society . 
  my bad . 
  i know that the dutch police has been overwhelmed for years and plenty of crime reports ( small theft and what not ) are thrown into the garbage bin - but i assume that sexual assault is not something so easily dismissed . 
  3 cases of sexual assault per 1000 people a year is low ... ? 
  you 're being disingenuous if you say that not parties of left , right and center refused to adress the issue all across western europe . 
  but hey , go ahead and vent your underbelly on reddit . 
  there 's a reason more extreme parties such as front national , wilders ' pvv and the swedish democrats on the rise and not the traditional right wing parties . 
  the left ? 
  the entire political system , left right and center , has enabled this shit . 
  dont rewrite history . 
  + / - 14000 people , although historical estimates without proper backing should always be taken with a grain of salt or two . 
  what people do not usually get is that these men tried to survive in a world far away from theirs , with nowhere to go , nowhere to run , and a whole lot of hostile forces plotting against them at all times . 
  often plotting together with hostile european states . 
  it makes it a little easier to understand how one could be so ruthless even if it doesnt change the moral picture . 
  thinking is hard , man . 
  best let your opinions be decided by knee-jerk reactions instead and share them on shitter . 
  and in the mood to enforce freedom upon them ? 
  go to the more seedy cafes in cities like rotterdam and amsterdam and you should have little trouble finding the proper hardware . . 
  thanks for the link . 
  that is the best piece i have read in ages . 
  the eu is a vehicle for the commercialisation of governments , but i am sure your idealistic dream will be realized by it . 
  the hefty measures against financial institutions after 2007 are proof of that . 
  spray some proper tzatziki over the next plane to violate your airspace . 
  that 's a good joke by merkel . 
  deport them where , to a war zone ? 
  or a country they wont admit originating from ? 
  more useless words by merkel , heh . 
  every expert says that it will soon follow ( most likely later in 2016 ) from what i 've read . 
  but hey , i 'm blind , so how much could i possibly read . 
  as for your hatred of geenstijl , that 's your choice . 
  i think they sometimes come up with great articles and journalistic findings . 
  key being ` sometimes ' . 
  more talk from an action adverse politician who is in charge of a government that leads by delaying any final decision making until forever . 
  ` tough ' , hehe . 
  having the upcoming referendum labelled as ` bizarre ' annoys the shit out of me . 
  there valid reasons to be against the association treaty , a major one being that visa free travel with one of the most corrupt countries in the world known for its ongoing civil war and trafficking of women , drugs and guns aint exactly a thrilling prospect . 
  because , yes , there will be visa free travel coming real soon if its ratified . 
  also , i feel like this article attempted to toot my dutch horn a little too much . 
  dutch-swedish is jatte easy , min van . 
  that is the sad truth . 
  i honestly think the same applies for centre right voters . 
  i prefer the azerbaijani one . 
  it is hard to be confrontational when your armies are a joke , hehe . 
  a new relationship with africa got me giggling . 
  all the eu does is use and abuse africa for money . 
  the fact that ` finding a resolution for the ukraine-russian conflict ' is n't even on the list . . well , i get your point . 
   over 10000 dead lesser people . 
  fuck that statement . 
  it underlines everything that 's wrong with humanity . 
  the dutch government will do nothing . 
  that , sadly , is its specialty . 
  time to hire a prestige advisor .
