  because it is politically expedient to ask the east ` to carry their share of the burden ' . 
  is it realistic ? 
  not really , but that does n't matter . 
  this crisis might just kill schengen . 
  one thing about being against the royal house is that beatrix did a great job no matter how you look at it . 
  besides , i rather have them as a ` lock on the door ' then having to rely on a purely democratic system ala the usa . 
  at least this lock knows they exist by our grace . 
  one of the most succesful dutch comedians had an onstage sketch about him doing some eh , rather perverted things with the former queen . 
  people were shocked , people laughed and it did n't create a fuzz . 
  i think the more traditional ( and perhaps religious ) dutchmen might be like that , but i 'm from the rotterdam area and know no one who would go ` hush now ! ', 
  after making a joke about the king :p, 
  instead there will be a new one between turkey and the now armed kurds . 
  you dont say . 
  but one benefits while the other sees a net gain in expenses that cant just be cut . 
  no need to be an ass . 
  it puts more weight on the taxpayers shoulders however while being a net benefit to business . 
  that aint so cool . 
  the old stuff yes . 
  the products from the last 20 years aint made to last . 
  not if youre against welfare since thats the first thing to go . 
  by zeus ' beard !, 
  any future government will be less inclined to co-operate with europe ( or more specifically , the troika ) . 
  i spot drama on the horizon . 
  that must be the home of the russian addams family . 
  would it help if we deepfried it for you ? 
  hertog jan. 
  brand . 
  stop being silly , dracula . 
  with some zaanse mayonaise < 3, 
  thanks , now im craving prawns as well q_q, 
  who would 've thoughts that when we all band together , we 'd create an organisation that reflects the inherent stupidity of the modern man . 
  is your name louis bloom ? 
  would you advice against me consuming a bag of kroepoek on that bridge ? 
  it 's somewhat saddening when immigrants are ringing the alarm bells and native swedes just shrug and get on with their business . 
  common sense is one thing , apathy another . 
  wow , thank you for the compliment !, 
  wicky is a dude ... !?!? 
  it just struck me by surprise and got me giggling . 
  perhaps it was meant to sharpen the contrast between wilders and the political ` old guard ' in the netherlands . 
  the decent vvd ? 
  who wrote this and why would you describe a political party as ` decent ' ? 
  ps - vvders love themselves some corruption . 
  like backward idiots that you should leave alone . 
  they give you dirty looks if you 're doing anything on sunday in or around the areas they live . 
  they 're a really small minority tho and they keep to themselves , so there 's that . 
  recently there was a small issue with some hardline christians not getting their kids vaccinations , but that 's all i can think of with regards to ` problems ' . 
  and since when ? 
  i think since the 1650s really . 
  the protestant - reformed strife within the dutch republic was quite nasty and then there was the hatred for the catholics ( filthy pope lovers !, 
  our view on it is that if you ai n't bothering anyone with it , it is okay . 
  do n't preach in public , keep the weird stuff within the confines of your home and it 's all good . 
  that 's pretty much the situation . 
  to be fair , the same thing happens elsewhere in europe as well ( hi netherlands !, 
  where the others ignore what wilders is actually saying and just brand him a xenophobic racist ) . 
  eh , you 'd think that at first , but what happened with greece is that the loans they were given were used to reshuffle the stakes european banks had in greece so that in a way yes , the debt has been moved from the financial institutions onto the taxpayer . 
  with states saying ` we must wave away this debt ' like what happened with germany after ww2 . 
  if not , greece is a goner . 
  the burden of debt is on the shoulders of the taxpayer . 
  that 's why european leaders have been saying how the greek debt is unsustainable for years ? 
  bouncing back in what way ? 
  a brain drain , no investments and an ever increasing tax burden thanks to unpayable debts are n't exactly a situation in which an economy can blossom nor recover : /, 
  greece was doomed long before they took office . 
  only international intervening can save the greek state , its integrity and democracy . 
  right now the state is being preserved so that it can be milked for whatever is left . 
  the comments are making my eyes bleed . 
  let us blame something thats been in the making for years , if not decades , on a recently installed government . 
  i just typed down a random city . 
  while being enchanted by the voice of a cute girl from antwerpen ? 
  where do i sign . 
  that role is reserved for limburg . 
  they 're basically going through the motions so that they can say ` we tried so do n't look at us ' . 
  as you can see by the comments here the opinions are rather divided , 
  experts in the field of diplomacy have been screaming bloody murder since the first actions of our government . 
  in short it comes down to them promising things they ca n't deliver , doing stuff so that they ca n't possibly deliver and making stupid mistakes such as bringing this to a vote while knowing that russia will veto it and by doing so , putting it off the table . 
  that 's the short of it . 
  here 's a short list of things they 've done : - promise to deliver to parlement a ` strategy of how to get things done ' . 
  the strategy did n't come and when a member of parlement requested for it in a motion , he was voted away by the government parties . 
  the pm rutte has promised to ` bring the guilty to justice , return the bodies of the victims and bring the truth of it all to light ' . 
  he ai n't showing it here . 
  - the government has kept vital information away from parlement at least once , but maybe more often . 
  who knows ? 
  well , we know that the germans shared vital intel on who fired the buk rocket at flight mh17 and that the dutch government then refused to share it with the members of parlement . 
  there was a debate on this , but not in the main parlement room , but in a backroom and for some reason this debate was n't put up on the state 's tv website where you can watch back all the debates and discussions ( the horror ) . 
  ok . . ( https://twitter.com/pieteromtzigt/status/593042462886748160/photo/1 ) - the government knew that the ` separatists ' had anti-air missiles , but the government refuses anyone access to the documents stating so as ` they might damage diplomatic relations ' . 
  read : damage us as we could and should 've warned the flying companies . 
  - the dutch government brings the question to a vote at the un . 
  this might seem logical , but when you know beforehand that a member of the security , russia , will 100 % veto it , why would you then do this ? 
  it ends all diplomacy regarding the matter between russia and the netherlands and takes away a card you could 've played later . 
  to the unwary it might seem as if russia is the bad guy , but the government is literally washing its hands clean so that it can now say ` look , we tried , sorry ' . 
  oh and did i mention that the dutch government knowing of the buk rockets , being aware of the threat to planes , makes them liable to responsibility with regards to claims ? 
  this shit stinks from top to bottom and having seen our government handle this has left me feeling disgusted . 
  pretending to act like you care and will do everything you can , doing everything so you have to take zero responsibility and basically doing nothing but pointing a finger at russia while saying as little as possible . 
  our government has n't taken a strong stance . 
  they 've done the reverse : mimic a strong stance , but do as little as humanly possible . 
  australia , they took a strong stance under tony abbott . 
  who , btw , is n't my cup of tea at all . 
  ok , be like that . 
  the worst thing about this ordeal is that my government failed . 
  spectacularly . 
  again and again .
