  that they do n't mingle and fail to contribute to society only broadens the gap . 
  when you act like an asshole , eventually you 'll be treated like one . 
  thehut.com is amazing for games/movies/music . 
  for every five games i buy in store here , i could buy eight there . . makes you wonder whats wrong with the pricing : /, 
  he acts only out of self-interest and is telling others who do not live in his own country how to behave . 
  if they lived in turkey , he could tell them all they want and as long as they 're free to choose whether or not to that 's okay . 
  outside his nation , he simply should n't . 
  it sets a nasty precedent that will only lead to even nastier situations . 
  `` yes , integrate yourselves into german society but do n't assimilate yourselves . 
  no one has the right to deprive us of our culture and our identity . '', 
  that means he 's telling them they belong ` to his club ' . 
  he should n't talk about certain things and this is most definitely one of them . 
  tell them to integrate , tell them they can be proud of their heritage , but do n't tell them this kinda stuff . 
  no one would 've cared 15-20 years ago , but times have changed . 
  he should n't tell them to ` resist assimilation ' when they opt to live in a foreign country . 
  whether or not they will , is up to them . 
  fuck berlusconi and all the idiots who keep him in office . 
  the guy is a slap in the face of democracy and humanity . 
  sounds like the starting base for a european defense initiative . 
  i can only applaud this if it leads to both nations saving some money on defense , while getting more back for it . 
  sounds like the starting base for a european defense initiative . 
  i can only applaud this if it leads to both nations saving some money on defense , while getting more back for it . 
  haha , but in what language are you gon na sing ;p, 
  upvoted as this small piece gives us a good idea of what the eu does ( or does n't ? ) . 
  also replying as no one else did , and you deserve some sweet karma and praise . 
  i assume that once your economy does crash , there 's no reason for the wallonians to hold you flemish hostage anymore . 
  shame that some must destroy to create . 
  in an unresponsible/cheap manner * sorry ;d otherwise i agree with you . 
  when energy distribution is linked to just your own borders , you only make as much as you need . 
  now that the borders are disappearing , who knows what we 'll be seeing  as long as we do n't start dumping nuclear plants on polish or eastern european soil because it 's cheaper , i like the sound of all of this . 
  creating interdependence means we 're creating terms for co-operation the european way , 
  - germans claim all the chairs and lounging chairs around the swimming pool by tossing their towel over it at 6am in the morning . 
  i learned to counter this , simply by tossing the towels all onto one chair . 
  - french people only speak french , but if you try to speak french to them and suck at it , they miraculously can speak some english :p - brits drink too much and get ` native ' after a few drinks , throwing their arms around the waiters and trying to bond with them while talking incredibly loud . 
  i love brits though , they 're open and friendly and it does n't take long to get a good talk going on with them . 
  if you smile at germans , they smile back and leave you be and the french , well my french is just too bad to bond with them . 
  to be honest , the only people i < really  do n't want anywhere near my vacation are russians and east-germans . 
  the first are . . ugh . 
  fake blond hair or crazy stuff such as hot pink while wearing just a leopard thong and high heels to the beach , in turkey . 
  the second are the most uncouth and ill behaving people i 've met . 
  in czechia , they 'd happily take a dump < next  to the toilet and toss all the toilet paper in/on it . 
  they 'd also be loud , noisy and rude wherever they 'd go . 
  ps - i are from holland, 
  how far can you go bend over ? 
  and what are you getting to make all that bending worth it ? 
  this . 
  it starts with what you eat and drink , it ends with how much walking , moving and or exercising you do . 
  in my head , americans are either really fit ( from the gym or sports ) or fat . 
  it is like there are few people in between those two , especially as they get older . 
  dutch people can not pick a leader nor accept leadership . 
  anyone trying to stand out above the rest becomes a target to be shot down asap . 
  we 're good at teamwork , as long as you 're not leading us ? 
  true . 
  greece has been shown that if they were to fight and root out the worst of its corruption and fraud , they could pretty much fix their budget . 
  i think the corruption amounted for 7 billion euro 's in taxes , which was roughly their deficit . 
  including greece , portugal and to some extent spain in the euro must have been a pure political and not an economical choice . 
  . . and for dutch standards , our current goverment is pretty right . 
  the only way it could be any more right is if geert wilders was officially part of it , and not just ` condoning the government ' and voting along side with them on most major issues . 
  do n't think that the ` vvd ' is a liberal party , it is not . 
  our right-wing government does n't touch the economy ` that much ' , they merely manage the ruleset that the companies have to stick to . 
  the dutch economy is very open and a 100 % linked to germany - if germany does well , we ca n't do bad . 
  so with the germans moving up , so do we . 
  as for ireland , i 'll quote the economists article '' http://www.economist.com/node/14959727 '' : / as the boom continued , a certain sense of invulnerability seemed to take hold . 
  the irish took to buying property with such abandon that there was soon a credit-inflated bubble in property prices . 
  since that bubble burst in 2007 , everything has changed . 
  the economy has shrunk by a tenth -- economists ' definition of a depression . 
  the rate of joblessness has tripled . 
  banks are hobbling and ireland 's public finances are in tatters . / the main problem is that it has to figure out a way to cut costs , to pay off debt and get the economy going again . 
  the eu offered help , but at a cost and the right-wing conservatives were very reluctant to pay that price . 
  if you read the article , you see why - they are backed by the financial institutions and real estate developers , two groups who loathe the upcoming reforms for a plethora of reasons . 
  the next irish elections will be important , as they 'll either swing ireland further away from the eu and towards the games of the rich ( and corrupt ) , or launch it into the welcoming arms of the eu . 
  welcoming , as the eu member states think they can do a better job at managing the irish budgets . 
  who does n't love having influence over another ? 
  the uk 's resistance towards the eu also has to do with its anglo-american financial institutions . 
  the eurozone wants to put more restrictions and regulation on these , whereas the current uk government seems happy with just a few emergency bandaids . 
  i recently had some ` fun ' discussions about this with a fellow student , who 's half british and a tory at heart . 
  the stuff that came out of his mouth was astounding :-| he thinks that the current measures taken are enough to avoid a future crisis and if it ai n't good enough , well too bad - this system made us rich and it will make us rich again . 
  i wonder who that ` we ' is . 
  to be honest , i 'm fine with any system as long as it works . 
  eu member states are supposed to help one another , but with friendship ( or partnership ? ), 
  comes responsibility . 
  friendship is a two-way street and this is where the problem pops up . 
  nations are only interested in themselves and then the players for each nation only care about themselves . 
  this is best showcased by ireland , whose problems can not be solved by ireland on its own yet the conservative politicians in charge use the fear of the populace as a bargaining chip during the discussions with the eu . 
  ireland can only benefit from the eu keeping them afloat and helping them overcome national political arguments by handing them a more or less political neutral policy agenda . 
  more or less neutral as the eu is encompassed of so many political streams that the end result is often a pragmatic consensus of many extremes . 
  instead they wave this away and try to diminish whatever aid and resolution is given to them to add some of their political flavor to it . 
  while i understand their reluctance to agree with everything the eu gives them , they should be more than grateful for what already has been given them and the fact that these people , who have only given , are once again willing to help them out . 
  it is simply unbelievable , yet it showcases the deep paranoia that is rooted within international politics . 
  national parties dispute one another , but governments distrust one another . 
  the importance of interests at the international level is too much of a hindrance and it is in this that the eu has won its biggest victory - in some ways , it seriously diminished the paranoia for one another . 
  but that , the uk will never acknowledge . 
  as for france , i have to admit i know too little of their national politics . 
  i might have to pick up a book on it one day  and as for germany , as a dutchman all we need to know is how their economy is doing and if it is not doing well , what we can do to help it get better . 
  their economy is our lifeline . 
  you 're right on that . 
  germany and france broke the budgetary rules before but germany right now is on a crusade for more responsibility . 
  the problem is that a country 's eu mindset changes with every new election , radically changing the landshape of the eu . 
  a more socialist france regime ( which most likely is coming up next ) will probably try and fend off further european centralization and leave budgetary issues to the nation itself , if not out of political ideology than as a campaign stance to counter sarkozy 's love of eu integration . 
  the eu moves forward step by step .
