  still it ai n't the norm and it would n't have happened for you , me nor the minister president . 
  in de 19e eeuw was dat anders . 
  not in le netherlands . 
  for example , yeah . 
  cool cat . 
  a dutch company has tried that , but the issue is that the locals who own the production will simply put more middlemen in between them and the western companies to obfuscate the production process and the responsibility . 
  sadly it is a rather complex clusterfuck and it is up to our governments to put pressure on the bangladese . . . . and even then i doubt change will come soon . 
  and so the cycle of idiocy continues . 
  my friend told me she had heard about the american warnings and as a result , stayed home tonight . 
  with an earlier bombing she was some 2km away from the blast , onboard a train . 
  the resonation of the blast can be ` felt ' all the way over here in holland . . 
  chills are running up and down my body as i write this . 
  just some twenty five minutes ago i returned home from friends , my mate insisting on us scoring some burgers before dropping me off at home . 
  we 're in the parking lot , enjoying said burgers as the news comes by on the radio . 
  instantly upon hearing the words ` ankara ' , ` explosion ' and '34 confirmed death ' i thought of my turkish friend who works as a doctor in ankara . 
  i message her through facebook , get a whatsapp that she ca n't read my message , but figured i was concerned and we talk about it . 
  she said i probably knew more about it than she , as the turkish government is clamping down on social media and the news , and then told me she treated the bus driver in the er . 
  she told me he said ' i saw hell ' . 
  fuck those who preach violence . 
  why must we inflict such suffering on others ? 
  sorry , i just had to share this because it 's late , no one around is here awake and it really really bothers me . 
  i take little solace in knowing that she 's safe , realizing that all around her people are dying . 
  welcome to world politics , mate . 
  if you want idealism , stick to student debate clubs . 
  you 're joking about ` proving ' anything , right ? 
  it is a feature of our shared currency that when things go sour , they go really sour . 
  our economies ' are vastly different and require different monetary approaches so during economical downturns , when one nation prohibits others from adjusting their monetary course , they 'll have a really hard time climbing out of the hole they 're in . 
  i can see why the politicians like labeling it a crisis , but the media should know better . 
  the day pure idealism can be distilled into solid policy is when i 'll share your sentiments . 
  that , or the day when we 're so loaded we do n't know what to do with our money . 
  sadly , neither is the case at this point in time . 
  the tax situation is a world-wide thing . 
  it would require the cooperation of the world 's biggest states and unions to achieve that . 
  hence the reluctance from anyone that 's even half-way involved in it . 
  the other side of the coin is that we 're letting our elderly rot away , we 're not able to grant those who need mental care said care and our police is horribly understaffed and underpaid . 
  oh , then there 's education , growing poverty and a lack of affordable housing . 
  do you really think the average dutchman gives but a single fuck about raising the quality of life in the ukraine when it is done with dutch taxes ? 
  and the ukraine is vastly different than poland : we will inherit a permanent fued with russia by pulling the ukraine away from their sphere . 
  i 'd also like to believe that the current ukraine is infinitely more corrupt than then poland . 
  de facto legalized ? 
  why do people keep this misconception alive ? 
  growing and selling weed beyond a few grams is illegal . 
  coffee shops need to buy weed in such amounts that any such transaction is illegal . 
  the police are cracking down nationwide on people who grow weed - from a couple of plants to large plantations , they 're gunning at all of them . 
  the netherlands is regressing while the rest of europe seems to be progressing towards a more sensible and modern drugs policy . 
  also , these moroccan crime families made their first big bucks with growing and selling weed in large quantities . 
  got to have capital before you can move on to hard drugs . 
  so yeah , in a way our retarded backwards current weed policy is making things worse in other areas as well . 
  ` to solve it ' might not be the proper way to describe the dealings between the eu and turkey . 
  the diaspora of ungrounded people reaches from far-flung morocco to erithrea to bangladesh . 
  syria 's exodus is exacerbated by the civil war , but even without that europe would still be dealing with a rapidly growing influx of immigrants . 
  what the conflict in syria did do is enable a network of smugglers to grow ever larger - but europe ignored italy 's and greece 's requests for help over and over for years . 
  guess who was the leader of germany then ? 
  oh right , merkel . 
  but i 'm sure that making a deal with turkey will somehow fix all that 's wrong , slate . 
  also , stop using the term ` crisis ' . 
  it 's a permanent state for the foreseeable future . 
  een tik van de malle molen , is how i know that one . 
  the word crisis indicates that we have reached the worst moment , but everything indicates that this situation is here to stay for the foreseeable future and that it could worsen in the coming years . 
  it isnt a crisis and it wont go away . 
  the stretch of land that is producing migrants , econominal or refugees , reaches from the maghreb , down to erithrea and east to bangladesh and thailand . 
  global econominal woes , local problems reaching from civil unrest to religious prosecution to economical downturns , they are but some of the root causes . 
  the eu will do jackshit . 
  it looks like something out of simcity2000 . . 
  my mama would never give me this . 
  that makes him fit right in with the rest of them . 
  a frietkot too far . 
  or god forbid , * a * german . 
  [ i imagine this to be you right now . 
  cant say youre wrong btw !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/burof6x4exc ) , 
  imagine having rutte as your pm . 
  of you course you dont want that . 
  a heterosexual liberace , i never thought i 'd see the day . 
  the dutch government states that crimes involving stealing from trucks and the stealing of trucks had gone down , but the trucker branch says that crime has gone up and that the reason many crimes arent being reported is because of insurance issues . 
  there are secured parking spots , but a night spent at one of those costs 10 to 25 euros - more than the truckers are willing to spend . 
  so between the actual crime rate and what the government states can be a reality gap . 
  and then theres the issue of the police over here tossing away filed reports . 
  char siu is life . 
  actual socialists . 
  modern day social democrats are more like soft liberals with centre right economic ideas . 
  pushing down wages is seen as a good thing . 
  they forgot the ` grim-faced bald men in their black uniforms , craddling modern automatic firearms against their chests as they maintain control over who goes in and goes out ' . 
  if you ca n't handle them on their worst , you do n't deserve them at their best !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ facebook ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ wisdom ? . . 
  many identities thrive on an ` us versus them ' idea . 
  so too islamic cultural identities . 
  i constantly have to correct my half-moroccan nephew whenever anything jewish is involved . 
  the kid is n't even religious , but the influence his moroccan heritage has on him is . . yeah , i could live without it . 
  hateful , xenophobic and unabashedly judgemental while never putting a single thought into any of it . 
  there 's a reason amsterdam ai n't so friendly to homosexuals no longer and jewish people are feeling the hate and heat in the cities . 
  yeah , but one hand has been actively smearing shit all over the others . 
  oh , hi merkel who invited them all over and insisted on ignoring the dublin treaty for a while . 
  you aint , but the people who vote on him sure are missing something . 
  it simply ai n't possible within the current eurozone to do that . 
  i do n't like it , what with states being able to borrow money at ridiculous low rates , but that 's the way it is . 
  you saying faithless were n't right ? 
  borrowing money to fill up budget holes is a toughie for euro members tho . 
  how about a corporatised europe ? 
  because that 's a more likely outcome with what 's currently going on .
