  healthcare , education , infrastructure and if you end up jobless , a guaranteed minimum living standard : these are things worth fighting and paying for . 
  our modern society has a high standard for its citizens . 
  it is only fair that the citizens , all citizens , get a shot at reaching that standard . 
  true progress is when we all move forward , not just a select few . 
  fuck this :(, 
  had n't seen the montenegro one ; i now know where the dukes of hazard moved to . 
  people have an easier time speaking about what 's bothering them to strangers than to friends and family . 
  what they hint at in a facebook post will be fully revealed in their more anonymous forum postings . 
  or well , that 's my take on it , 
  do n't skip spain !, 
  you 'd be surprised how amazing their kitchen is . 
  yum . 
  elections ? 
  fine . 
  milestone referendum ? 
  having a clear majority ( think 60 or 66 % + ) would be way better . 
  there 's nothing ironic about refusing the tyranny of a slim majority . 
  but i do n't like sand . 
  it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  haha , for real ? 
  criticism is the way forward , my friend . 
  our system blows balls , truly . 
  that 's rich coming from a fin . 
  truth can be contorted into any shape or form when money is involved . 
  that 's a wilde idea . 
  the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . 
  in the netherlands that business is going down the drain if your consultancy works ( mostly ) for local governments . 
  they do n't have the budget no more and big firms that used to make a great profit from doing so are going belly-up as we speak . 
  why would i discuss anything with a person who makes it a point to point-out my ` naivety ' ? 
  you see things becoming more normal after a decade or two of luxury , while i see all the wrong reasons being the cause for that returning to normal . 
  we 're basically argueing along two different lines and shit like that gets no one anywhere . 
  the people i know live in sweden though and just ` drive over ' the border for work . . or stay at a hotel or some place the company has arranged for them . 
  i suppose that these things are very hard to study while they 're ongoing , 
  you start at minimum wage . 
  you do n't get a steady contract . 
  they will eventually toss you overboard once you 've ramped up enough wage increases or when they need to offer you a permanent contract . 
  no growth in a job ( making a career is part of that ) only has downsides , unless you look at it from a business pov and you 're trying to maximize profits . 
  and yup , that 's why they 're being ruined . 
  but the people at the top ai n't getting poorer because of it . 
  their pockets are lined by the time the ship sinks . 
  mind you , i 'm talking from a dutch perspective , i do n't know enough about the finnish perspective to comment on that . 
  my view on the dutch economy is that a whole bunch of apple trees are currently being plucked , then chopped up to bits and in the end every little snippet of wood is sold or thrown into a fireplace . 
  healthy cash cows are being milked dry and then thrown to the way-side . 
  and it is disgusting . 
  my gf is from gothenburg and i 've met plenty of young swedes ( age 20 to 30 ) who work or worked in norway or for a norwegian company . 
  you could also say that norway 's level of taxation means that it can benefit from attracting outside workers and that those outsiders benefit from norway 's wealth at the same time . 
  whether that 's a healthy symbiosis when you start thinking in decades , i do n't know , i 'm just being trying to be a little bit positive here . 
  at the same time you could say that the benefits for working for a norwegian company ( or rather , norway-based company ) are bigger . 
  i do n't know about any such statistics , but do you happen to know anything about the amount of companies in norway run by swedes ? 
  i am lucky enough to study at an university , but plenty of people do n't get that far . 
  most of them roll into jobs in which you ca n't make a career and while you can debate their life choices and all that , the time that you could climb the ladder in most companies seems to be mostly gone . 
  people talk about a glass ceiling , but there seems to be a new one made out of paper . 
  everywhere around me i see healthy companies being ruined because of the money flowing to the top and then out of the company . 
  i 'm not saying a manager should earn the same amount as a janitor , but the current trend seems very unhealthy . 
  i also would n't call it ` complaining ' . 
  ah yes , because money is the best way to calculate one 's way of caring . 
  i also happen to care for the people around me , even those i do n't know . 
  that might be an odd concept for some i guess . 
  fuck if i care if i ` deserve ' more , but the incentive to join a company nowadays is not to be a part of it and see the company grow and do better , it is about taking as much money out of it as you can . 
  and the best way to do that is to step in higher on the ladder . 
  sorry , sometimes the wear just gets to you . 
  but hey , if we make it easier for companies to fire people , they 'll surely hire more people and employment will go up in the long run !, 
  it certainly ai n't the fact that more and more jobs give you no chance at all to climb the ladder . 
  making a career in a super-market , a call-center , a retail store or as a lowly it assistant is the stuff of the future . 
  sorry , but i ca n't help but feel that part of the problem lies with problems where the money has to flow to the top instead of being shared more equally with all rungs of the ladder . 
  i did n't use the word ` overwhelming ' . 
  i 'm not trying to say that they dictate bureaucratic policy-making , but they got a disproportionate amount of top bureaucrats compared to their size in parlement . 
  it just goes to show that the dutch democracy goes beyond just the parlement and most people do n't even realize it . 
  i 'm damn glad the pvv did n't get to infest the ministeries with their people during their zenith , 
  the political parties will still be there . 
  the institution that is parlement will still be there . 
  in that sense ` government ' is an ever-changing entity - i phrase it this way , but i am more than aware that most likely none of the current politicials will be still active then . 
  the netherlands have always resisted centralization throughout the ages and giving away hard fought over gains is something that ` the government ' will regret in twenty years . 
  sure , but the cda is completely phased out of parlement yet their ideology shines through strongly in bureaucratic policy-making . 
  a lot of power resides in the top of the dutch bureaucracy as the cabinet and parlement are passers-by . 
  ministers are often nothing more but a charismatic face towards the outside . 
  that might be a bit exaggerated , but it 's not far from the truth . 
  it was one of the first things the vvd did when they got into power . 
  local governments have been up in arms ever since and here in regio rotterdam it 's been on the local news quite a bit  but our national news is rather lackluster and often skips important local stories . 
  it might be that i 'm ` closer ' to it since i used to live in schiedam where it was/is a huge issue . 
  they started test programs and had great results . 
  rotterdam acted soon after . 
  the whole giving away of responsibilities thing somehow went under the radar while it was a huge step in decentralizing our national government even further - with bits going to europe , others going to local governments . 
  it baffles the mind eh :(, 
  this went down . . 
  i think . . two years ago ? 
  the national government relocated the responsibility of who pays certain kinds of aid ( met name uitkeringen voor werkelozen etc ) to the cities , but did n't give them extra financial aid to cope with this . 
  this is why the big cities have had to scrap loads of projects , plans and cut back on all kinds of posts . 
  cities with a disproportionate amount of jobless people got hit hard and had to start being very creative to deal with this . 
  this rotterdam project is just that . 
  it has nothing to do with ` leefbaar ' really , but with the financial reality : / edit - oddly enough , this also has n't gained a whole lot of media attention nor did it get any kind of attention during the elections . 
  the same goes for how our ` yet to be determined cabinet ' can influence the course of european decisions . 
  parties could 've mentioned that , but i guess if they do n't make any promises , they ca n't say they 're being undemocratic since they 're our elected politicians . 
  maybe a bit : /, 
  it still ai n't good enough . 
  with our ever rotating cabinets the top bureaucrats have gained full control over a whole lot of our policy-making . 
  and those top bureaucrats have been seated at the top of their ministeries for years . 
  and are affiliated with political parties - that 's how the cda kept a lot of its power thanks to their bureaucrats still being in the system . 
  this is such poppycock . 
  it is at best taking a form of glee in the failure of a political opponent .
