  you 'll get numbers and stats supplied by an independant eu statistics and numbers bureau and the special commissary will be some sort of eu convoy that has power over the national governments to enforce budgetary revisions . 
  he wants to have a commissary appointed for the task of watching over failing countries . 
  the more they fail , the more this commissary gets to say . 
  the letter describes the three steps a country can take in failing - each one gradually increasing the lack of sovereignity when it comes to setting their own budget and government expenses . 
  in theory this is a grand idea , but in practice anyone with any kind of knowledge of the eu knows it will never ever work nor be able to put into practise in the current eu framework . 
  that is why friend and foe criticises rutte for this sheer idiocy as it does nothing , but harm the relations between euro-zone members . 
  even if that means the bad guys ( greece , etc ) are acting like hypocrites . 
  fyi - i 'm dutch and had no trouble reading the original letter  if you got any questions , just ask me and i can translate parts of it . 
  nothing can be reformed unless there 's an unanimous agreement . 
  no such unanimous vote will happen without a general consensus and what rutte is suggesting is so far away from what a possible consensus that it 's probably meant as a feint - we piss off the countries that break the rules , warn them that we 're serious and then germany and france come with more tactful alternatives and tada , the offended countries can not wave this away as easily as they did the words of the dutch . 
  . . if that ai n't what 's happening , rutte is an even bigger idiot than i thought . 
  mark rutte is an idiot so i 'm hardly surprised . 
  the lack of knowledge of how the eu works and functions is the only reason he gets to say these things in public and have voters going ` yay ' instead of going ` you idiot , that 's not how it works , you 're just uttering populistic bullcrap ' . 
  got ta love those atheists . 
  pfoe , it will be hard to predict what it will entail . 
  what will the the common denominator be ? 
  will this be above or under germany and france 's expectations ? 
  how many bones must they pass out to smaller nations to get this lumbering vehicle on the road ? 
  hopefully more information will leak out soon so we can start puzzling things together . 
  in my opinion an european economic government can only be good for the smaller nations and if not handled with care , detrimental to the big ones . 
  especially germany might suffer what with its policy of keeping wages low to maintain its position as an export giant . 
  france has been hammering on the unfair edge this has given germany for years and , in my opinion , most likely will make it a deal maker or breaker . 
  germany on the other hand will want to keep its position as an export giant so what has to give there i do n't know . . oh and i ca n't wait to hear the position of the uk in this all . 
  heh , but of course we invented the wheel !, 
  my bad . 
  if no one punishes them for it , why would n't they ? 
  i 'm sure the bureaucratic institutions in most countries approve of moving fiscal policy-making to europe . 
  take this with a pinch of salt but here we go : 1 . 
  greece needs money or else it will default . 
  this might result in other countries defaulting , namely portugal , ireland and spain . 
  if they default it will cause some big french , german and english banks to go over as well as they got massive amounts of money loaned out to said countries . 
  greece gets the money , but it seems that the fire has n't been put out yet . 
  greece needs more money and eventually gets it . 
  knowing that financing this through banks is a dangerous thing , politicians look at the european central bank ( ebc ) . 
  the ebc issued bonds to help italy out . 
  this bond means that all euro-zone nations are financially tied to italy now , for better or for worse . 
  we 're also still stuck to greece , who might be a ticking timebomb . 
  realising we 're all in the same hole , we figured we might as well work together to get out . 
  the best way to do so is to centralise fiscal policy . 
  other options are to dump the euro , kick certain nations out of the euro or to keep on doing what we 've been doing before , knowing that it wo n't fix the problems we are having right now . 
  if i 'm missing anything , feel free to chip in , 
  governments love the idea of common fiscal policy - in bad times you point at europe and shout ` boogyman ! ', 
  while in good times you hug it and tell everyone how much you love dear europe . 
  this new liberal wind blowing through europe seems to make governments throw away their responsibilities with the explanation that ` privatization is good ! ' . 
  so next to losing more power to europe , we 're also losing more and more of rights and power to big business who are only there to make a good buck . 
  lovely . 
  he does n't come with solutions , only preaches draconic measures and his only course of action so far has been to point at problem groups in dutch society . 
  yes , everyone knows they 're causing problems , but since he 's the only one to do so , he 's getting the votes . 
  slowly , the other parties are realising they ca n't ignore it anymore and start pointing it out too , but it 's too late - he 's got a solid voterbase now and will be hard to root out anytime soon . 
  no party trusts the other , no ` ideological bloc ' has enough weight to force some kind of vision upon our policies and the current government is a minority government , so they need to appease wilders at all times . 
  we 're going through a watered-down version of balkenende 's reigns  <, 
  the ` liberals ' ( vvd ) are in power , but they 've shown to be nothing more than fiscal conservatives who do anything to keep their crowd rich and break down anything that costs money . 
  the cda are jumping through hoops to stay in power , alienating what little remains of their voterbase even further . 
  both vvd and cda sold out by including wilders ' pvv into the coalition as an outsider , thus without ministers , to back their govenrment . 
  the result is a hodge-podge of right-wing , conservative , christian and nationalistic policy-making . 
  there is no grand idea , no push for a certain kind of netherlands , it 's just filling up the years till the next election comes around . 
  with some luck the cda and vvd will be punished hard , but they 're doing everything in their power to keep the other parties out of the spotlight . 
  basicly , we 're fucked because too many people do not pay attention and play the ` blame the foreigners and lefties for everything ' game a little bit too hardcore . 
  they do n't care whether it helps or not . 
  structural solutions - ones that not just remedy the situation , but also fixes the root cause of it - ca n't come from a government that 's split amongst three radically different ideological lines and who have to tread on eggs to make sure they do n't fall . 
  they 're applying bandages while pointing at the past to blame left-wing parties for what 's going on . 
  funny how we used to be ` so progressive ' , but are now one of the most backwards as fuck conservatives in europe . 
  got ta love right-wing policy makers . 
  ban all the things !, 
  fuck everything about this . 
  a non-governmental institution is sowing european governments onto each other as if it were the doctor from the human centipede . 
  soon we 'll be literally breathing each others assholes if the stock markets continue to plummet . 
  sorry for the language , but as pro-eu i am , this is a blow for democracy . 
  it 's one of the reasons why germany wants to keep the euro zone intact - the other countries drag the value down a bit , making export easier . 
  france is very vocal on this issue and insists that germany is cheating , forcing other european nations to copy their tactics or remain at a disadvantage . 
  ` might just be going through a rough spot ' . . understatement of the century , 
  if we abolish it , many of us will fall with no one to back them up . 
  greece , ireland , portugal , spain , perhaps italy and who knows about germany , france and the uk what with their banks heavily investing in the bail-outs . 
  the economic recession will drag the us further down and it might mean the world will face a heavy economic downfall for the next 10-15 years . 
  so yeah , as far as governments go i 'd say it 's pretty much a ` no-go ' zone for them . 
  for us , well , we can theorise about it all we want . 
  what the hell . . how can they make such a mistake : /, 
  in other news , jesus just returned . 
  i feel your pain . 
  only a revamp of the system could fix the current abuse - but the people who abuse it wo n't change , they never have and never will . 
  it costs ` more fish ' to farm fish at the moment , meaning it 's not a viable alternative . 
  maybe with more research and breakthroughs . . , 
  if so , it 's surprising no dutch cities are on there what with our love for public transport and biking xd, 
  a fishing stop of sorts would be fantastic . 
  i guess , but it 's the only way to go . 
  only having pistols and assault rifles means you ca n't do much against an army equipped with tanks , artillery and all the other nasty stuff an army has . 
  the whole thing just goes to show how horrible un interventions can go when the coalition partners do n't get on the same page . 
  as i said , i do not agree with him . 
  i share your notion that europe is one market . 
  while not agreeing with you , i still think you have a valid point that should n't be waved away with the standard ` omg racism ' card . 
  the british government is there to protect the interests of the british people . 
  good stuff . 
  not because of what he 's saying , but because politicians need the freedom to say whatever really . 
  part of the problem is that most governments see their financial sectors as the horses that can drag their economy out of the water . 
  so they 'll unfairly favor them in regards to the taxpayers . 
  the us is showing its weakness through naming future threats if we do n't do as they say . 
  it simply is n't feasible to propose a huge bump in defense budget in most european countries , as the parties that propose it will be blown away during election time . 
  this ai n't america where soldiering is a normal thing to do . 
  governments are not acting out of self-interest or a feeling of international european harmony , but are doing as told by financial institutions that have zero empathy at all with the normal european . 
  as a result , the financial institutions elsewhere are saved at a double cost for the normal european - their tax money goes there and they have to pay it back - which does not properly represent the situation in which the financial institutions failed and for which they should pay .
