  and to be honest , renting simply means hemorrhaging money . 
  all in all , it 's pretty shitty and you 'll be squeezed till you 're dry . . for housing that 's rarely worth it . 
  they 'd have to start with actually being able to hold a conversation in decent dutch ; /, 
  the level of unemployment has been skewed in the netherlands by governmental institutions . 
  a few months ago , the number of jobless people was 600.000 + / - according to the cpb ( central planbureau ) , but they only counted those who were solliciting for a new job . 
  that means that those who have been fired - long-time employed people can get up to 3 years of subsidies - and have n't bothered to look for a new job , because if you 're over the age of 50 you generally do not have a chance in hell to get a new job , do not count . 
  also those in de ` bijstand ' , of who single moms are the best example , do not count . 
  you can add some 300.000 unemployed people to that number because of that alone . 
  600.000 or 900.000 . . quite a difference if you ask me . 
  but hey , holland # 1 , we 're below 10 % ~ !, 
  for what it 's worth , i 'd much rather see the european governments move forward in unison than as lonely units . 
  i might disagree on the path followed , but we must stand together no matter what . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't see it working or happening anytime soon , but whereas my glass might be half empty , yours is most likely half full , 
  i did say that the netherlands were the main advocates of the rule . 
  we pressed the eu hard to get it through . 
  yes , as if the democratic deficit in the eu was n't high enough already . 
  i do n't mind your positive spin on it , but it 's truly depressing :(, 
  the pvv also turned itself into a pariah over the years . 
  the most recent incident ? 
  the saudi-arabian government threatening the netherlands with a boycott thanks to wilders being his usual self . 
  that list can go on and on , but he 's turning away many a voter with his crazy antics . 
  i 'm not sure how a fairer billing rate for calling and texting when abroad is going to wage up against the euro crisis , the corruption and decadence within the eu institution and the obvious failure to take on the ukraine crisis . 
   certain nations are experiencing pretty horrible side effects from partial federalization , namely a federalized monetary policy , but national fiscal policies . 
  when , or more importantly - how , is this going to change ? 
  the dutch government is using tricks to keep the unemployment statistics down . 
  the lower and middle classes , but especially the lower class , feel how the water is rising . 
  dutch policy ever since 2007 has been to get the financial sector back on track , and use the sector to kickstart the economy . 
  all other sectors are seeing tax increases while the consumer has less and less to spent . 
  same goes for the government , since it is spending less and less on the dutch . 
  and being part of the euro-zone has everything to do with this . 
  the 3 % rule means that the government can not invest in the economy ( a social-democrat thing to do ! ) . 
  ironically enough , the dutch were the main advocates for this 3 % rule . 
  the massive amounts of money that have been borrowed to other euro states and put into reserves for ( eventual ) future crises only made it worse . 
  what money there is is not going to ` us ' . 
  the cultural sector has left a permanent imprint in the pillow it had to bite - libraries have been closed all over the country and many of the jobs at libraries that are still open are being filled by ` volunteers ' , arts and ` high brow ' culture saw big cuts resulting in orchestra 's having to be disbanded - and the government is kicking people in the balls not once , but twice . 
  lower end jobs in the cultural and healthcare/welfare sectors have moved from being paid jobs to being positions filled by volunteers , who got no choice since they 're without a job and the government institutions push 'em into that direction . 
  libraries ? 
  lots of volunteer staff . 
  care for the eldery ? 
  companies have forced their lower end staff to accept new contracts - sign for minimum wage or be fired - and have been trying to fill these job vacancies with jobless volunteers . 
  the list goes on . 
  recently i got to enjoy a meeting between my aunt ( now jobless ) and a former library employee . 
  my aunt got offered a volunteer job at the library , she told the other person . 
  that person then told her that it used to be her job . 
  there 's a reason our current government is n't liked . 
  it is directly linked to the euro , the eu and our stance in it all . 
  here 's something a few dutch voters might have forgotten : our current mp promised not to send any more money to greece if his party won the elections . 
  they won . 
  they sent the money after a week or two of being instated together with the pvda ( social democrats ) as our new goverment . 
  what role does barrosso play in all this ? 
  from what i understand , he is absolutely despised by the portuguese ? 
  tl ; dr : poor people ( especially in the big cities ) did n't go out and vote . 
  the moderate viewpoints of the cda in combination with the general hatred of the ruling parties , pvda and vvd , make them an easy go-to party for voters who do n't know who to vote on , heh . 
  yup . 
  a friend of mine asked around at his workplace who voted on who . 
  out of the ten people ( him included ) , only one had bothered to go and vote . 
  and it only gets worse when you go to the big cities and the poorer neighbourhoods . 
  spangen , a scummy neighbourhood in rotterdam , apparently had a truly appalling turnout . 
  i suppose that by itself hints at why the christian democrats ( cda ) and social liberals ( d66 ) managed to do so well . 
  ah yeah , you can always recognise dutch vehicles by the ugly ass camo . . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the idea : there is little color left in greece for most . 
  oh yeah and against people breathing . 
  please , pose me more of these oh so enlightening questions -_- cars have an undeniably important role in our society and economy that we can not easily replace . 
  windmills are part of a solution to a problem that we 're integrating into our society right now , and there are other options . 
  oh , i just picked one x 'd, 
  https://www.wind-watch.org/documents/big-wind-turbines-health-and-disease-a-danish-perspective/ a quick google search will get you tons of hits , 
  they 're fucking ugly , not exactly efficient and got some funky effects on the environment when used en masse - look at denmark and their fog/mist-forming . 
  windmills are a poor man 's solution . 
  to be honest , there have been suggestions to use our extensive waterworks to power hydro energy . 
  alas , our government giveth not one fucketh . 
  theres so much we can do with tide and ebb , the interaction between salt , sweet and brackish water . . but no , lets just keep plomping down windmills . 
  if there 's one thing we can do , it is beat the water . 
  in fact , that very skill gets us work all across the globe so yes , i would n't trust on that one to neck us . 
  that 's when you know that the potatoes have hit the fan . 
  i 'm not a big lover of the military really , but it is bad policy to marginalize one 's military apparatus . 
  if you then take into account that the only reason they 're doing that is to get some quick cash to plug one of the many holes in this year 's budget . . it ai n't even a structural fix . . yeah . 
  considering what ? 
  that she does n't have a background in the military ? 
  is a cabinet puppet who has to slash , slash and slash in the defense budget ? 
  if she 's doing well , i do n't know how you 're rating the other ministers . . 
  there 's a reason for that : the french government wants you all to speak proper french and to make sure that 's the case , has banned the teaching of the regional language in schools . 
  and not just that , research has shown a significant change in a child 's behavior when s/he has his/her dad around during the first couple of years . 
  thank the swedes for that , 
  if only i had the magical power to make people grovel and submit to me like that . . 
  by touristy areas - you mean amsterdam ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that it is the case that such areas are overprized and normally of low quality , all over the world , hehe . 
  amsterdam is a tourist trap . 
  you 'd be amazed by the quality of food at ` eetcafe 's ' , if you avoid the touristy areas . 
  and if you got a bit more to spend than 20e for your main course , well , you 're golden . 
  i 've had plenty of foreigners over and they were all positive about the food ( - :, 
  i do n't get the hate on dutch cuisine . 
  basically it is a mix of everything from the surrounding countries , a healthy dose of things from our colonial past and a splash of asian and american stuff . 
  one thing goes for all food : if you do n't put any effort into it , it ai n't gon na taste great . 
  i for one love my brussel sprouts with bits of bacon , mashed potatoes that went into the oven for a couple of minutes with breadcrumbs on top and a bit of butter and then some pork tenderloin for the protein . 
  typical meal from holland and it 's delicious . 
  got ta admit though , i have n't had a mash of potatoes and veggies since i was a kid . 
  since that stuff really is for kids and those who ca n't cook . 
  which , of course , is a half-truth since a few restaurants specialize in it and they 'll surprise you with how ridiculously yummy their ` stamppot ' is . 
  you joke about it , but i would n't put it above fred teeven .
