  the girls from limburg can add a silent ` chhh ' sound to the end of tons of words for no reason and girls from noord-brabant just got an annoying manner of speaking . 
  not that what i say is set in stone - that 's my take on it =p, 
  that 's funny , because the ` chhhhh ' sound of noord-brabant and limburg girls has that effect on me . 
  depends on where you go , i 'd say . 
  amsterdam , the hague or alkmaar ? 
  i most definitely agree . 
  the dutch accent of belgium women . 
  good god . . 
  opstelten has become such a joke . . 
  i kind of liked him while he was the mayor of rotterdam , but he 's been nothing but a dutch version of crazy populist us republicans . 
  i read ` have a nice day ' in the voice of fps ~ ~ russia ~ ~ romania . 
  laughable . . how the individual eu states and the eu as a whole ai n't commenting on this is beyond me . 
  do the students speak french instead ? 
  to be honest , the price of houses also went up because it became profitable for all parties involved to borrow money . 
  buyers would borrow because through the dutch mortgage return policy they 'd be better off than just paying for the house . 
  banks would happily give these people money because money came cheap in the 90s but especially the 00s . 
  and the government saw the national wealth growing . 
  so borrowing money became the norm and because everyone knew money was available , prices must have gone up as a result . 
  and both bankers and borrowers did n't mind that much , because the mortgage return policy had their backs . 
  i told the same story in 2007 and got told by friends and strangers that i was an idiot . 
  now some are starting to see my point as to why the mortgage return policy ai n't all that great . . because we got inflated housing prices and when they go down , they 'll hurt big time . 
  and we owe it all to our own greed . 
  oh , and of course rich people benefit most from this policy . 
  instead of buying a house , they get a mortgage because it is profitable :'), 
  yes , but that story would n't sell . 
  so it is better to invent some sauce to go with the bullshit story . 
  it sure does n't , but i do follow the daily show and the colbert report . 
  some people will read ` socialist ' and immediately throw reason out of the window . 
  i counter your reason with my ignorance . 
  i guess he 's in the . . danger zone . 
  just ask poor anthony weiner :(, 
  on a citizen level perhaps , but the politicians all got to keep their hands in their pockets because the moment they use them to point at others is the moment we smell they reek of shit as well . 
  all of these bastards are involved in this in one way or another . 
  great , a half-assed mix of sweden 's 90s approach to fixing their housing bubble and europe 's bitter blend of dumb austerity . 
  that will * surely * do the trick , rutte . 
  ah yes , americans and their morbid fascination with socialist governments . 
  dream on . 
  economic necessity will prevent any such extreme measures . 
  because it is fine . 
  do you speak english ? 
  are you willing to learn swedish ? 
  do you have useful skills that you can use in a modern industrial nation ? 
  if yes , you can build up a life just fine in sweden . 
  or denmark . 
  or the netherlands . 
  or belgium . . and a whole slew of other european countries . 
  as for racism and bigotry , you can find that anywhere . 
  they rule only in name . 
  it is the top civil servants - those high up in the ministeries and such - who make policy . 
  read the rest of my post =p, 
  what does that have to do with changing the cultural identity ? 
  the soviet union tried to ` russify ' quite a few of its provinces , to varying degrees of success . 
  since russia tried to change the cultural identity of the ukraine through moving people there during the soviet days , it ai n't that weird that the ukraine might feel torn on that issue . . : x, 
  . . you do realize that the austerity measures are somewhat forces upon us by the eu ( or rather - the euro-zone ) ? 
  a rather inconvenient truth is that the dutch government did push through the 3 % rule which is now kicking our asses since it prevents us from doing anything but austerity measures . 
  why ? 
  because the government is still investing heavily into the euro-zone and the financial sector , so there 's no space left for other things . 
  that 's why , in a way , our government is to blame . 
  twice :p, 
  what a surprise !, 
  russia is playing the only card it can - the bully . 
  i 'd do the job i 'm paid for instead of doing whatever i can to stay in power . 
  especially while knowing i ai n't doing the best that i can for my country . 
  you 're painting some sad story where we should apparently feel with these guys ? 
  because the truth is that the ruling parties are ideologically opposed and can not form coherent policy that would involve reforms and new laws . 
  they refuse to make policy . 
  at the same time , they had plenty of time to formulate proper plans and reforms but refused to do so . 
  instead , they waited for the timer to reach 0 and then went omg we must cut !, 
  that 's what got me , not the fact we have to cut back . 
  zero policy , just dumb shopkeeping . 
  it serves to ( re ) confirm their individuality . 
  when everyone owns ikea furniture and walks around in h&m clothes you need something to stand apart from the rest of the crowd , no ? 
  those big flats drain the life out of me . 
  the idea of living in one crushes my spirit . 
  that feels way too american/brazilian for french standards . . 
  i remember when we went camping in sweden back in 1997 . 
  all was fine until we headed up north in dalarna . 
  we had to sound the retreat . 
  why ? 
  you got a h&m on every corner . 
  i mean , who does n't love h&m , right ? 
  right ? 
  it stops being funny when you sit down at a restaurant , order a beer and find out you 'll have to pay 6 euro 's for a shitty heineken . 
  i prefer the 2 to 2.50 i pay here . 
  history says otherwise . 
  the netherlands has centuries of accumulated wealth to back its claim , poland has not . 
  it 's a good thing the eu can actually propell these countries forward , because all of europe will benefit from it , 
  dear danish citizen , prepare to be assimilated . 
  i do n't care that you call any of these politicians a populist , but comparing them to hitler automatically ruins any and all chance of having a decent discussion . 
  godwin can stay in his closet !, 
  really , just do n't . 
  please . 
  do n't . 
  fuck us , right ? 
  he was born with a box of cookies . 
  he does not want to share those cookies . 
  note - i 'm anything but a pvv voter , but his party also has a left/socialist character with regards to socio-economical , healthcare and education policies . 
  the current government , consisting of the conservative liberal vvd and social democratic pvda , are tearing down these three and to me it ai n't a shock that that happens to turn many voters towards the pvv . 
  add in lots of other circumstances and no dutch person should be surprised . 
  tl ; dr - government sucks , government fails , people turn to a party that promotes their interests ( or says that they will ),
