  more recently one of her sons got buried under an avalanche and till this day is in a coma . 
  the doctors are keeping him alive , from what i know , and it can be assumed he wo n't ever wake up again . 
  he will be leaving behind a wife and two kids . 
  i 'm sure that that , and the idea that willem-alexander is ready , helped her made her mind up . 
  while i am against the idea of monarchy and being born into power and privilege , i simply can not do anything but agree with you , 
  she performs a ceremonial role and acts as a gate-keeper if necessary . 
  i am in favor of a republic , but in practice the queen has only been beneficial to us . 
  if her son is even 50 % of his mother , we should be happy to still have a ceremonial monarch . 
  like our current queen , our future king mostly goes around the world with dutch businessmen to promote dutch economic interests . 
  and it seems to work . 
  now i want to try out making some fried oily rice with kebab and a garlicy sauce , damn you . 
  you 're argueing with someone who agrees with you on the tenet that war is bad . 
  who says that i do not ? 
  i am merely pointing out ' a benefit ' . 
  that tells you nothing about how i feel about it . 
  but since you seem interested , i am very much against the idea of remote controlled killing machines yet prefer it over losing human lives . 
  war disgusts me , 
  yes . 
  afghanistan and iraq are two places where european soldiers were lost in recent years . 
  perhaps these drones could 've saved some of them . 
  who knows , i certainly do n't . 
  the benefit is that we are not putting any of our people in danger . 
  rotterdam is an amazing place to visit if you love architecture , museums and or partying . 
  there are lots of great ( and relatively cheap ! ), 
  restaurants and toko 's , the centre is great for shopping and being part of the randstad , you can hop on over to the hague or amsterdam within under an hour . 
  and if you want to experience something ` typical rotterdam ` ish , go visit a feyenoord home game . 
  it is n't the most exciting place to be regardless of date . 
  the big art museum downtown is worthy of a visit , but other than that , you can see all that the city has to offer in one day . 
  my advice would be to rent a car and plan day-trips to ` nearby ' cities . 
  the bohus fortress is fun if you like old castles and fortresses . 
  yup . 
  we are getting less healthcare for more money . 
  nimrod & co love themselves some american ideas . 
  dont get me wrong , it is the fault of dutch ` policy makers ' , not the americans . 
  our politicians are a joke , 
  cherry-picking reality , because why not . 
  yet the rich avoid paying billions in taxes . 
  greece wouldve been ` ok ' if it werent for tax evasion . 
  sometimes these pieces use reality only when it benefits their theoretic thoughts , hehe . 
  yup , but you 're a putin loving eu hating retard if you have to believe the other comments in here . 
  what an utter cesspool this thread is : /, 
  never mind , you are a waste of time and energy : /, 
  you should have a talk or two with primary and high school teachers in the big cities of germany . 
  im sure their experiences wont differ much from the dutch , heh . 
  and yes , i happen to have friends who are teachers . 
  and yes , their stories make one fear for the future . 
  and no , i am actually pretty frikking leftish . 
  wilders pulled the same trick with his pvv here a couple of years ago : they opted to become an official backer of the government , but didnt take part in it ( so no minister spots and such ) . 
  he dodged a large part of the responsibility of governing that way . 
  is the pvv truly right ? 
  their economical and healthcare povs are more reminiscent of a leftish party . 
  . . yeah yeah i know , he is anti-islam and immigration and an eu scepticus . 
  but it goes to show how you cant always label something with the good olde right and left stickers . 
  american financial institutions have used a good share of the bailouts to invest in the stock markets . 
  it startups were one of their main targets . . 
  i wonder then how the us got so many of these magical billion dollar unicorns . 
  well , they 're also being threatened by a big evil overlord that wants to annex them so there 's that . 
   it 's a beautiful city with all different ethnicities and everyone gets along fine . 
  now now . 
  angered and that other neighbourhood ai n't exactly places you wan na live at . 
  other than that , it 's a nice place with plenty of good suburbs . 
   swedish youths go to norway to work because the salary is much higher , not because there are no jobs here . 
  right . 
  so what is causing the high level of unemployment for swedish youth then ? 
  sorry , but i refuse to read your post until you put some french subtitles under 'em . 
  i 'd rather have some duyvis ' nuts . 
  just tuck it in between your legs . 
  youre german , you mustve done kinkier things before , 
  my sister 's ex husband still rents a gaudy bmw or mercedes when he travels back home to morocco to impress family and friends . 
  he told me many of his friends and acquaintances do the same thing and guess what , they 've been here for decades . 
  the urban legends and ghost stories that persist in some circles can survive any kind of ` common sense ' and ` reason ' :p, 
  we want billy , not polse . 
  we must resort to new tactics to weaken the mannschaft . 
  one day holland will hold the golden cup . . 
  bring goulash and paninka please . 
  change ` racist ' to ` communist/socialist ' and you got it , 
  you 're doing god 's work , my polse . 
  thank you for the post . 
  magic , i guess . 
  here 's how this will resonate with voters : the establishment is not treating the sd right and our concerns ( immigration , integration and so on ) are once again being ignored . 
  to so violently silence a party will just cause more people to flock to their banner . 
  same shit happened here with wilders . 
  be as stubborn as you want , but you 'll have to eat your shit pie soon enough if you keep keeping them out of the room . 
  in my opinion ? 
  if possible , yes . 
  the only way forward is together ^ ^ /, 
  or you simply invite a major player to a debate . 
  take it from a dutchman who got to experience the rise of wilders ' pvv that shutting them out will only hurt you and damage your political landscape . 
  the mayor of rotterdam is of moroccan heritage and id widely seen as a traitor and turncoat by the dutch moroccan society . 
  the guy is a member of the social democrats and is an active muslim . 
  yeah . . 
  i dont get it . 
  and then what , they agree on setting up camps in or around syria . 
  will turkey agree ? 
  will assad allow it now that he is under the protection of eu-hating russia ? 
  and even if so , how long wo n't it take to set it up and get it running ? 
  as dutch political observers have noted , this is nothing but the dutch government pushing the issue away for now . 
  there is the illusion of a solution , but anything concrete , anything real is nowhere to be found . 
  we sadly are masters at this bullshit . 
  however , they agreed on how to approach the problem , but havent put forth any plans to fix it and get things done .
