  they care about getting re-elected and representing the powers that be so that they can look forward to a good paying job after their political career . 
  you 're dutch , you should know that . 
  vvd  financial/insurance sector . 
  pvda  big corporations and public positions . 
  and so on . 
  the eu is another excuse for governments not to take responsibility and act . 
  give a man someone to look up at knowing that person can fix whatever is wrong and odds are he will . 
  give a politician that excuse and he wont put out any fire until it set his career on fire . 
  zwem already linked one article about ( un ) employment , but here 's another : http://daskapital.nl/2015/04/werkloosheidtopic_du_mois.html the statistics that we are presented are highly skewed and in more ways than you could imagine . 
  yeah , but most of these jobs will have you pressed against the ceiling from the start - ie , no room for growth or make a career out of whatever it is you 're doing . 
  in a way , you 're doing nothing but wasting time until something better comes by . 
  if it comes by . 
  a shitty situation is shitty no matter how you look at it . 
  the stats for the netherlands look great , but most youngsters ( 16-24 ) who work for a living simply do not earn enough money to be financially independent . 
  dutch research showed that when you take that into account , we 're on roughly the same level as greece and italy . 
  de republiek der lage landen sounds pretty amazing to me . 
  we could even toss a ` verenigde ' in there somewhere !, 
  facts are only relevant when they support your cause . 
  we industrialized , became the major transport hub of europe and after the wars transformed into a service industries based nation where financial , pension fund and insurance giants run the show ( and government ) . 
  it is almost like a repeat of the 1600-1700s , if you take some liberties with the chronological order of things . 
  hey now . 
  the swedes respect their nature . 
  canada does n't give a fuck . 
  harper be crazy . 
  but that bastard has a great side gig as a part-time teacher !, 
  i mean , he surely must make mad money out of that one day a week he spends teaching teenagers about society . 
  shameful !, 
  if you work you can drop your kids off at professional kindergartens , afaik . 
  the costs for doing that in the netherlands is absolutely insane . . 
  they 'll be stuck behind their desks doing paperwork , so eh , yeah . 
  why are they sitting tho ? 
  conversely , if northern europe wants to lay down neo-liberal policies on southern europe they should n't be part of the euro . 
  we already have limburg amongst our ranks . . how much freakier can it get ? 
  do n't you want to call mark rutte your prime minister ? 
  but that 's just a sideshow . 
  it is funny how money turns even the most decent person into a slutty whore of epic proportions if the amount of dinero involved is big enough . 
   `` in a very real way , this is about sweden 's credibility as a contractual partner , '' carl bildt , a former swedish foreign minister and prime minister , told defense news . 
  `` that credibility is important to a relatively small country like sweden . 
  this whole situation is unfortunate . '', 
  i find this to be a hilarious statement . 
  does the sun revolve around the earth now ? 
  nuance does n't sell . . : x, 
  we 're a small country however . 
  the amount of provinces we have compared to the regions germany has simply does n't hold up . 
  also , the german state has a different structure especially when it comes to how such regions are integrated into the ` whole ' . 
  but we can agree to disagree =d, 
  they drank ... * forest fruit blends * in those places !, 
  can you imagine that ? 
  you might be the kings , but they 're the divine ancestors of corruption . 
  the hbo series ` the wire ' radically changed my mind on these kind of issues . 
  i know it is a dramatized version of reality , but with what little i get from actual reality ( sorry , i 'm no real-life heisenberg ) i see that the premise of the wire 's ` demand and supply will always apply so you best keep decent people in power , even if they 're thugs ' is sadly rather truthful . 
  that , or you decriminalize it and tax it . 
  in short : these elections were about provincial issues ( with the side effect that we 're also indirectly voting for the dutch senate ) , but the media and the debates they hosted paid not a single second to provincial issues . 
  in that sense democracy more than failed . 
  all in all , i ca n't fathom why people wo n't use their right to vote . 
  if you do n't trust anyone , vote blanko since then the ` remainder votes ' wo n't go to a party you might dislike big time . 
  lynch ? 
  why not tie them up to a torture rack so we can flay their skin off before ripping out their innards while they 're still alive ?!, 
  c'mon now , we dutch are international trend-setters , we got ta do it right . 
  the dutch government 's crackdown on the guys who grow and sell weed to the coffeeshops has directly caused a huge gap to form in the market , as demand remained high . 
  in stepped moroccan families from cities like amsterdam and rotterdam and now they pretty much control the weed trade . 
  as they 've integrated into dutch society they 've also adopted the ` voc spirit ' and are now using their newly acquired funds to foray into the world of hard drugs . 
  repression might have very nasty unforeseen consequences : /, 
  i do n't know man , i 've actually been to the poorer neighbourhoods in gothenburg and they 're literally another world when compared to the nicer ones and the suburbs around the city itself . 
  society is big enough to harbor ` both ' ideas and groups . 
  the friction lines just might not always be that visible , especially when your country is as big as yours with such a low population density . 
  usually friction first takes place in poorer neighbourhoods where ` the old ' community clashes with the ` new one ' . 
  we need a raadspensionaris !, 
  or a ... * floris * . 
  you guys had more economic growth during that time than us * with * a government !, 
  just saying ; 3, 
  you have to mimick the steps of the others in your party 's conga line or you wo n't make it to the top . 
  once you 're at the top you only know how to dance the party 's conga line , so that 's a nice win-win for the unelected party top that plans all of this crap . 
  sometimes we should n't look abroad ( hi us of a ) to see how they do it so we can mimick it . 
  my main gripe with the whole election was that the media helped the political parties to make it about national issues . 
  all the debates were on national issues and not about provincial ones . 
  point in case : the wilders vs pechtold debate did n't mention the word ` province ' once !, 
  the big guys hijacked the election for their national interests and i think that 's why many felt even less inclined to vote for it . 
  a more ` regional ' sound with ` regional ' debates between actual candidates would 've been * so * much better . 
  imagine the viewership a talk between a vvd candidate and sp candidate from groningen would 've drawn !, 
  and with the nam planning to start fracking/gas winning operations in south-holland right next to highways and cities , there simply was a lot to talk about . 
  missed opportunities . 
  i rather keep it around while the ` main political mover ' , the dutch parlement , is failing again and again and again . 
  i rather make a decision within the system once the main body has shown some progress in their performance . 
  otherwise you 'll take away the legs the table stands on ; at the very least the system is now supported by crappy legs . 
  that beats having no legs at all q_q, 
  a whoopin ' 49 % of the electorate went out to vote . 
  a glorious day for democracy indeed !, 
  a picture says more than words ever could and it does so in the blink of an eye . 
  in the modern media the ` faking of an image ' is simply part of ` faking the narrative ' . 
  it is quite saddening to see how ` far ' we have come with our modern tools to even further obfuscate the truth . 
  note that photoshopping is as old as the ussr : stalin had people photoshopping black and white pictures back in the day , well before the advent of the computer , and let me tell you that i could n't tell you they were fake until i saw the originals . 
  yes , that 's what the article says . 
  professionals say that they can not give their patients the time they need , because of drastic cuts . 
  oh sorry , let me use the fashionable word for that : * reforms * . 
  while i applaud initiatives to improve elderly care , things like these are a direct result of our government taking the piss with us . 
  hence my tone and earlier post , 
  and in need of * professional * help . 
  this government took a dump all over our elderly care and destroyed the foundation to giving them professional care . 
  suffice to say that this article pisses me off .
