  good job , lads . 
  this photo of rotterdam is missing the rotterdam . 
   https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/10/17/homofobie-schokt-hoofdstad-4861127-a1527013 significant enough to make national headlines . 
  and yes , acceptance of lgbt is becoming more and more an issue thanks to muslim minorities . 
  do n't be an ostridge . 
  same shit happens in the netherlands . 
  construction firms hire eastern european lads by the dozens through shady job agency and foreign firm shenanigans so that everything seems legit , but the reality is that they 're working and living in the netherlands while earning less than minimum wage and not paying at all to the dutch safety net of healthcare and social security . 
  it is a rot in the system , no matter what side of the political fence you 're on . 
  funny that under that dutch minister of finance the dutch tax services have completely fallen into disarray , but hey , dont do as i do , do as i say . 
  dijsselbloem also made a complete ass of himself on more than one occassion . 
  really dont get the love this man gets . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_energy_in_estonia  in february , 2011 government of estonia approved of a nuclear power plant to be built by year 2023 . 
  in the meantime an increase in the output of oil shale fired power plants is planned by renovating additional blocks of soviet built plants . 
  however , in the long run a forcible decrease in the oil shale share of the country 's energy output is planned , with the nuclear power plant superseding oil shale with its environmental implications . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] pakri islands have been named as one of the 6 potential sites for the reactor ; however , at this early stage those remain only speculations . 
  [ 3 ] no need to be an ass about it . 
  i did n't know and found it within three seconds on google . 
   it 's not only france that wants a jihadi-free mali right-wingers ought to realise that stopping mali 's internal malise will stop countless people from fleeing the nation and possibly moving abroad to europe . 
  same shit applies to nigeria , sudan , eritrea and so on . 
  it isnt a copout . 
  mods remove that shit asap . 
  pm one , hear the colorful stories . 
  or if you really wan na wade through shit , visit a t_d threat on an attack like this . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6i324b/vehicle_hits_pedestrians_in_finsbury_park_london/dj3i452/ it will prob be gone before you look, 
  bullshit article is bullshit . 
   in the waterlogged netherlands , climate change is considered neither a hypothetical nor a drag on the economy . 
  instead , it 's an opportunity . 
  the biggest party , the vvd , is anti-green . 
  their party program shows this , their policy suggestions and voting on policies show this . 
  not just that , but a climate denier ( ! ), 
  got them to scrap a line in their party program that climate change will lead to ` changing sea levels and heavy rainfall ' . 
  the cda somehow one-upped them and has an even worse program when it comes to the environment . 
  these two parties insist that the burgers and companies got to realise the necessary change . 
   while the trump administration withdraws from the paris accord , the dutch are pioneering a singular way forward . 
  the last four years have seen us drop on the eu chart when it comes to better environmental policies and what not . 
  i think we 're # 25 and only malta is doing worse . 
  but yes , the netherlands are innovative when it comes to finding ways of fighting climate change . 
  that we sell worldwide , but we do n't apply it back home . 
  meh , wilders made himself impossible . 
  not once . 
  not twice . 
  i honestly lost count . 
  he even said himself he would refuse to rule with the vvd , his only possible partner so boom , one party that got over 20 seats ( out of a total of 150 ! ), 
  that ai n't gon na get used to form a new government . 
  add in the sp who are so far on the left spectrum that no center or right wing party can govern with them and tada , that 's 34 seats in total that wo n't contribute to a new government . 
  150 - 34 = 116 seats to find a majority of 76 + from . . yeah , that 's gon na be tough . 
  but they arent . 
  the only thing that is changing is that climate sceptics / deniers are getting more vocal within the vvd . 
  on the matter of climate and environment policy they are against green measures . 
   https://decorrespondent.nl/6353/dit-zijn-de-partijen-die-klimaatverandering-serieus-tegengaan/700157777-a3614274  https://www.trouw.nl/groen/vvd-schrapt-zin-over-klimaatverandering-na-kritiek~a401a357/ it is a blatant misconception to think the vvd is changing for the better . 
  their formation friends are pvda , pvdd , sp , d66 and with some imagination cu . 
  left did n't win . 
  the anti eco , anti-social and anti foreigner vote won . 
  gl has an obligation to talk to other parties and see if they can help form a government . 
  they arent obliged to form a gov no matter what . 
  the voters fragmented parlement . 
  the parties didnt . 
  we fucked up . 
  we cant expect one or more parties to blow themselves up for our sins . 
  i am not sure what assclown brigade downvoted you , but perhaps people should remember the tragic fates of ye olde cda after working with wilders , d66 after their ` lol lets govern , fuck elected mayors ' and the recent obliteration of the pvda . 
   economic liberals / vvd : are slowly undergoing a change towards green policies as well . 
  during party congresses it has been coined that the party should proliferate itself more as the green party on the right . 
  if only that were true . 
  it is a lie to portray the vvd as an enviroment friendly party . 
  the given reason doesnt have to be the real reason . 
  gl would enter a cabinet with two anti-green , anti-foreigner and pretty much anti-socialist parties and a third centre right party who , while being green , are more in league with the other two than gl on the matter of the economy . 
  they need to be convinced to join . 
  they have no obligation to make it work . 
  lol right . 
  try backing that first clain up with something substantial . 
  i dare you . 
  it doesnt stop humans from reproducing and we can actually consider the circumstances whereas a bug can not . 
  man , we went camping in north central sweden and we had to flee . 
  black clouds would come swarming right at you the moment you stepped out of the car . 
  no joke . 
  o [ ] o, 
  love the dutch flag . 
  the drive-up to hoog catharijne is darn ugly tho . 
  that faux-modern mosque , the weird hipster-esque wooden shack between the roads and just the general copy-pasta pre-fab crap . . so ugly . _ . 
  . . my family 's business is construction :'d but ok !, 
  i was n't talking about skyscrapers , but ordinary housing for average families . 
  so there 's that . 
  and then there 's this thing about buildings being pushed out at relatively low quality versus high cost . 
  you say that , but then you drive into the city centre and get to hoog catharijne . . brrr . _ . 
  modern architecture is often nothing more than cheap copy pasta buildings consisting of pre-fab parts . 
  the quality of the houses compared to their price is usually below average , because they build them fast and cheap while cutting quite a couple of corners . . while selling them at a premium . 
  do n't start me on the quality of the bricks used for some of 'em . 
  a little bit of detail on the outside often means you pay way way more . 
  tons of these ` modern ' neighbourhoods will age awfully . 
  that is n't the architect 's fault , but the companies that order these houses to be build the way they are . 
  still , it * is * what modern architecture is for the common dutchman . 
  a political display , but rutte & co miscalculated and ended up with a ` no ' vote . 
  instead of saying ` okay , we wo n't take the advisory ` no ' and will decide for ourselves what to do ' they pretended to ` accept the people 's guidance , and thus , no ' . . and then did n't . 
  so now some of the more vocal ` no ' voters and advocates are rightfully pissed . 
  the government had the right to dismiss the advisory result of the referendum . 
  they did n't . 
  they then did n't change the actual agreement and voted yes . 
  that means you 're being lied to . 
  but nothing will change , 
  i do n't mind paying taxes as long as there 's something coming in return .
