  they use legal loopholes : the rules are in the fine print so it is ` ok ' if they scam you , because you did n't read the letter . . 
  that swedish passive aggressiveness xd, 
  you actually feel guilty ? 
   a great deal of criminality could be effectively prevented by having money-transactions under public oversight . 
  you 'd think so , but sending out fake bills is a legitimate cash cow for a select immoral crowd . 
  a friend of mine is writing a thesis on the matter and in the netherlands alone ` acquisition fraud ' earns the bastards some 400 to 600 million euros a year . 
  the law is lagging behind , but apparently the government is finally taking some steps to fight this crap . 
  criminals and bastards will keep on innovating : /, 
  that is one hairy aragorn . 
  animals * cost * more food to grow than what we get from them , but the point about death is that this situation will 1 ) cause bacteria to become immune to our antibiotics and 2 ) the living conditions of the animals may lead to new dangerous strains of all kinds of diseases . 
  eh , ok . go google/youtube some documentaries on the bio-industry . 
  you 'll see that what they 're doing is really pushing it . 
  i 'm no treehugger who sheds a tear everytime someone eats meat , but what the bio-industry is doing is outright dangerous . 
  professionals have been warning society for years . 
  a major reason why we ( dutch ) can produce chicken breasts for staggering low prices is because our bio-industry huddles the animals together on an animal per square meter ratio that boggles the mind . 
  the key to this ? 
  antibiotics . 
  our own idiocy will be our undoing . 
  or well , the death of many . 
  nothing new there : /, 
  this breaks my wooden shoe . 
  sure it does . 
  i know of one club from schiedam that will move there : if they can somehow keep the sign-up fee reasonable , they might poach a lot of people from the surrounding clubs . 
   http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1001/sport/article/detail/3562981/2013/12/16/sportclubs-in-geldnood-door-huurverhogingen.dhtml an older article that touches on the rather absurd raises onfees by the local governments . 
  all of this will just make the two local governments quarrel even more while they should be working together * more * . 
  i happen to live ` next ' to it and they made a big tunnel out of the part of the highway next to the neighbourhoods . 
  they turned it into a ` hill ' of sorts and are planning to have fields for various sports on top - football , tennis and such . 
  as for compensation , heh , the cities of schiedam and vlaardingen are trying to screw each other over with all kinds of small time bullshit . 
  i do n't think ` the burgher ' is on their radar , hehe . 
  oh and about those sport facilities : vlaardingen has raised the taxes for the sport clubs by some 100-150 % over the last 2-3 years . 
  clubs are having troubles staying afloat since the rise in taxes mean they have to up their prices : those proposed fields on top wo n't be cheap and i can see it becoming a bit of a fiasco . . heh . 
  who would 've expected otherwise from schiedam ? 
   http://www.g2play.net/catalogsearch/result/index/?q=europa+universalis+iv g2play is crazy cheap , but sadly there 's no eu4 bundle on sale with all the big dlc like common sense , art of war and cossacks . 
  still , picking up the pieces there is cheaper than the alternatives . 
  shamefru dispray , commit sudoku . 
  i stand with you , my brother . 
  dont mind if i mix some ketchup and mayo tho . . sauce of the gods . 
  what is even more worrying is the percentage of moroccan youth that have been in contact with the police . . just over 50 % of men under the age of 22 . 
  . . do n't wake up the reichtangle from his deep slumber . . 
  it 's the best flag ever . 
  no , a greater united netherlands !, 
  clearly we got some polderen ahead of us . 
  so we are merely disunited and not anti a greater netherlands ? 
  here in the netherlands the government is one of the main benefitors , so good luck with that . 
  they also abuse volunteers . 
  it is , in a sense , modern indenturehood . 
  thank you for the chuckle , i needed that after going through all the gloom and sordidness of today 's news . 
  [ allegedly !, 
  ] ( http://exploregram.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/thats-ignorant-watch-the-south-park-season-finale-for-free-@-southpark.cc.com-or-just-click-the-link.jpg ), 
  since we are talking underage immigrant boys , i doubt that that is one of their main concerns/thoughts at this point in time :p, 
  they 're also undermining existing models within europe so who would have guessed , right ? 
   climate vs economic growth particularly since the economic crisis , powerful lobbies like businesseurope ( the european federation of employers ' organisations ) have positioned climate action as directly opposed to economic growth . 
  the eu 's climate and energy targets for 2030 reflected this , not just lacking ambition but prioritising the competitiveness of the very industries causing climate change . 
   the result is that governments are afraid to tackle climate change for fear of upsetting industry , or when they do , polluting industries are given huge taxpayer-funded handouts . 
  i was somewhat hopeful in 2005 that we 'd move towards a more sustainable future . 
  well , that hope has been thoroughly fucked : /, 
   90 % of child refugees 13-17years to sweden are boys . 
  2015 they changed teensexratio from 105to113boys per 100girls . 
  https://t.co/fabrpb8faa -- hans rosling ( @hansrosling ) 26 november 2015 so apparently the influx of young immigrants is causing this imbalance . 
  sweden only has some 9 million people so it is ` relatively ' easy for a huge influx to upset certain balances . 
  who knew ? 
  i 'd have never guessed this to be happening . 
  hans rosling is worth checking out on youtube btw : the man is great with statistics and always has something interesting to say . 
  local government has been clamoring for a response from the hague since 2012-2013 with regards to syria goers . 
  * een vandaag * has handled the topic many times , often focusing on the city of delft as its mayor sought media publicity time and time again to get this issue some much needed attention . 
  the dutch government in return elevated the matter to the eu , asking its international partners for a common policy to tackle this problem . 
  so what has happened since ? 
  our courts ca n't do jack , because the burden of proof demands there be evidence of people going to syria , to join is , to pursue terrorist deeds . 
  there is no real international framework to take this problem head-on . 
  people are still going and returning from syria . 
  and our intelligence services have their budgets slashed while there 's an ever increasing demand for personnel to track all these people - because tracking them is all we can do . 
  the same shenanigans ( acknowledge a problem , say you 're looking for a solution , and keep on talking till kingdom comes ) are also applied to the issue of illegal boat immigrants with regards to greece and italy . 
  all they do is push actual decision making forward - that 's the whole modus operandi of this government . 
  how can one govern when the primary objective is to avoid governing ? 
  and i wo n't take the pvv insult bait , thank you . 
  the reverse is that nations will return gay people for a lack of proof , sending them to their death . 
  sadly , that wasnt just a theoretical possibility . . : / something worth taking into consideration . 
  yet he knew syria goers would return and did nothing . 
  oh , his government lowered the budget of the intelligence agencies . 
  he also knew about the immigrant troubles of greece and italy , but did not say nor do a thing . 
  now that dutch voters are fed up with the influx , he speaks out against mass immigration a culturally acceptable manner , but comes with no tangible plan . 
  the man is a joke , just like his government . 
  all talk . 
  something we dont like around rotterdam , 
  by using an awfully chosen historical analogy that simply does not hold up ? 
  or the underlaying message of ` fewer migrants ' ? 
  if anything it goes that the construct is faulty , and not the immigrants . 
  the us , australia and canada show as much that the european approach is * the us has taken in massive amountd and doesnt seem to be buckling the way the eu is . 
  something something reading comprehension, 
  french society has n't made them more secular in the years past and now sees itself forced to ban wearing such clothes . 
  i 'm not french so that 's just my take on it as an outsider . 
  eh if i go to egypt , turkey or poland , i know i better adhere to certain cultural rules/perceptions with regards to religion . 
  in france , the reverse is true : they do n't take kindly to me being decked out in religious symbols . 
  if you grow up in such a country and you actively go against the leading culture , yeah you 'll feel like an outsider real fast . 
  what do you want them to do , change their own identity to welcome a culture they ( according to law and culture ) do not approve of ? 
  sorry , but you ca n't expect people to bend the knee when you 're unwilling to do the same thing in the same circumstances . 
  that 's the issue . 
  banning a piece of clothing will only make its wearers use it even more as a means of ` showing their identity ' . 
  than again , if a society truly believes that such ` showcases of religious identity ' are undesirable in public / on the work floor , why not ? 
  law and culture will always be duking it out for dominance , but in the case of france , the dominant culture is entrenched in the law .
