  im as left as a person can be . 
  my only real german friend is a girl whose parents are turks , but i am unsure whether they used to live in germany and moved back , or she went there early on . 
  i never felt the need to ask her , but she finished am architectural degree at a university and lives with a german guy . 
  im not trying to cause a ruckus , further rightwing propaganda . 
  i am simply stating what i think is going on , why i think that and am willing to discuss all of that . 
  what i dont care for is to be nailed to the cross for daring to touch upon this subject . 
  the tendency of some to embrace selective reason and rationality can suck it . 
  as i said , we can have different views on what constitutes integration and that is a-okay . 
  i think that in a perfect world , very little has to be asked and demanded . 
  but as differences between people grow , more has to be demanded to lessen the gap between us . 
  i find it a hard thing to swallow that third gen turks and moroccans are more in touch with the politics and culture of the country of their forfathers than the one they are born in and live in . 
  culturally and politically there has been very little integration . 
  it seems to be all economically . 
  you can have your limited definition of what constitutes integration and i can have mine . 
  it 's funny you say that , because a year ago this would have gotten the reaction ` but they have ! ' . 
  they work . 
  they dont bother others . 
  theyre integrated !, 
  the truth is that they havent at all , but politically and ideologically undesired facts and statements can be waved away as long as shit hasnt hit the fan . . too hard . 
  wiser ? 
  perhaps . 
  it is bravery and the willingness for self-sacrifice that are lacking . 
  as always . 
  them economic gains . 
  dat refugee agreement . 
  they count . 
  turks dont . 
  but to what end ? 
  thats the point . 
  that miami nights track is like the flagbearer of the genre . 
  [ duett - julienne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncyaypean3e ) . 
  the album borderline is my favorite retrowave album so far , but this track - with its tango in the night ` esque intro - always gets to me . 
  we also accept gyros . 
  i 'll hijack / u/executivemonkey 's comment train ; 3 [ gang of four - we live as we dream , alone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dmattjtkhu ) for some more post-punk goodness . 
  sadly i was born too late to them live with the original line-up . 
  one of the best bands to ever come out of england . 
  [ scars - all about you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgopvgneyzm ) the poppy final track of an otherwise relentless post-punk album . 
  once you sit through it , you 'll find it hard to get the damned track out of your head . 
  oh , and they 're scottish . 
  [ kano - another life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kar1fkq9igk ) and to mess with the post-punk theme , here 's some italo disco gold by the master himself , kano . 
  if it was n't obvious enough , it 's from italy . 
  [ timecop1983 - let 's talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkq6h21qbxe ) and to finish it all off , some dutch new retrowave from 2015 . 
  robert parker and mitch murder are two retrowave artists worth checking out . 
  both are swedish , as far as i know . 
  the crazy train has no brakes . 
  just ask this one ex of mine x 'd, 
  trump vs hillary has yet to go down so you better get ready for more wacky and unexpected shit : ' /, 
  what 's so strange about that happening in 2016 ? 
  it is contempary european naivity to think things have changed in such a way these things ca n't happen anymore . 
  no one is angry , but the state 's prosecutors dragged this man to court because he stated the king is a rapist , murderer and liar and added photoshopped pictures of him as an isis madman to the post ( s ) . 
  the king can not defend himself against these things because of his role and its rules and laws . 
  he cant respond to nor deny anything that is thrown at him . 
  thats why we got these laws in the first place . 
  a bit outdated perhaps , but it is what it is . 
  i am a republican but prefer our former queen and current king over the alternative of an elected president since the royals know they serve us and the politicians , well , they mostly serve themselves . 
  i remember germany and co talking about cutting eu funding to nations that refused to go along with the ` evenly spread out the refugees ' idea . 
  rejecting the quota = no munies . 
  surely that ai n't bullying ? 
  i ca n't help but feel that this is outright bullying by the north-western countries . 
  and for what ? 
  to give people the idea that eu budget rules are being enforced ? 
  oh , why hello there france . q_q . 
  hes also a leader in civ4 . 
  an amazing one at that . 
  mao beat the kuomintang , only to find the modern day government that is highly successful to be more representative of the people he beat back then . 
  chiawhatshisname would approve of the policies of the last 15 years . 
  [ how i feel as a dutchman . 
  ] ( http://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steamcommunity/public/images/avatars/5a/5a0b8e9b6568ae3a07fcff92f4deb4a7555b3e3b_full.jpg ), 
  eu leadership has already said the uk wo n't get free access to the common market and that any new treaties will have to be ( re ) negotiated . 
  they ca n't make better deals with the uk than eu nations have with each other , so one way or another , the uk will must be made to suffer from being an outsider . 
  what to do seems simple , but reality always finds a way to make it more complex . 
  people hope the eu will now push for reforms . 
  i expect them to dig in and entrench , fucking national government and politics as a result . 
  if anything , the focus will be on the uk : will they prosper or will they suffer ? 
  yes . 
  they will be empowered in their claim that leaving is a possibility , something the remain camp has said to be an impossibility . 
  also , any further missteps by the eu will be publically weighed now . 
  it is a slippery slope thats being created and good statesmanship is needed to steer us clear from dividing the nation on this . 
  because if it happens , it will make the next elections absolutely hellish . 
  even so , it will shape the political framework in the netherlands in favor of the anti-eu crowd . 
  the vvd nowadays double dips when it comes to the eu , being passive aggressively against in national politics , but outspokenly in favor when found with our eu friends . 
  they 'll have to pick sides and whatever happens then wo n't be nice . 
  contrary to popular believe , there 's quite a strong anti-eu sentiment to be found in the netherlands . 
  polls are showing a majority favors ` remain ' , but given some ` proper ' pr during an autograph run to force the referendum and the ensueing campaigning , that might change . 
  the last elections were won by a party whose major point was ` keep the mortgage tax deductibles intact ' and the eu has already told us that ca n't stand . 
  so yeah , if an anti-eu party hammers down on that . . and then there 's some other stuff . 
  i honestly would n't feel too secure in the knowledge that we 'd vote ` remain ' . 
  a triumvirate , let 's have all three at once . 
  because we got an open economy and big nations leaving the eu 's common market will hurt us . 
  that , and a good amount of dutch redditors are lefties . 
  also , ` crying ' is a negative descriptor and not one that will lead to much discussion , but i figured i 'd be nice for once and indulge your question . 
  as for being germany 's ` bitch ' , our economy is tied to theirs . 
  does n't make us their bitch , but it does mean we profit from good relations and cooperation . 
  unlike the brits , they dont drive a bus but a tank . 
  maybe he lives a cozy life in one of hoxha 's many bunkers , worshipping corbyn in peace . 
  well , until you came along . 
  the king of shitposting strikes again . 
  it ai n't the turks i 'm worried about . 
  it 's the kurdish minority who are currently engaged in a minor civil war in the eastern part of turkey . 
  what 's stopping erdogan and co from making sure they have every reason and ample opportunity to pack their stuff and leave for europe ?
