  sadly , all these laughs are at our expense , but at least we get something to laugh at . 
  true leadership would 've meant we would n't be in this unprecedented mess we 're in right now . 
  i understand his plea , but to call the current crisis a ` short-term predicament ' is laughable . 
  the monetary union will only keep on costing europe . 
  adopting the euro was a political decision , not an economical decision . 
  the core flaws of the union are as of yet unresolved and i wo n't see them being resolved in the next ten or twenty years . 
  add to that the flaws within the eu system as a whole - the ever need to expand for political reasons , not because it is good policy to do so . 
  here 's a quote that sums up the eu for me : `` the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . '' core flaws will remain and will always hold european potential back . 
  it is up to us to fix that , because the politicians sure as hell wo n't , 
  time for more austerity measures !, 
  of course , they 're doing decisively better than those two countries . 
  i simply felt that all this discussion deserved another point of view on it , 
  http://www.atimes.com/atimes/middle_east/mid-01-230413.html as for that other neighbourhood , korea is an easy answer . 
  a whole slew of african countries could also work , but a lot of people do n't know enough about africa ( sadly ) . 
  turkey is another one of those floating balloons that can pop at any time . 
  sure , it ai n't all bad , but the way it 's financed is highly debatable . 
  especially after the lessons europe and the us learned from the 2007 bust . 
  sex ? 
  violence ? 
  our superior poldermodel will keep german and austrian aggression in check !, 
  or else there will be shit on the marble . 
  egyptian hygiene . 
  i took the train from egypt to luxor . 
  i went to the toilet early on and it looked clean enough . 
  sure , it smelled , but whatever . 
  a good twelve hours later i had to go to the toilet again and was greeted with a sea of piss where the floor should 've been . 
  i checked every toilet in the train and all of 'em were pretty much pissed under . 
  i saw a dad holding up his kid who sprayed it all over the place and figured it was best to just hold up a little longer . . 
  swedes on the other hand do not seem to understand this concept of pedestrian traffic lights . 
  ai n't a bus coming at me ? 
  i can cross . 
   at this week 's summit european union leaders were taken with the sort of issues that typically concern poorer countries : finding money stashed in secret bank accounts and getting multinationals to pay their taxes . 
  . . should i still take this article serious ? 
  thanks for posting this . 
  it goes a long way in debunking the ` huehue , netherlands is pot land ' myth . 
  the title is about ` active users ' . 
  the information given is about the amount of people who 've tried it . 
  something does n't add up , 
  simply put ? 
  one that helps the process of integration rather obstruct it . 
  they 're just that multi-cultural !, 
  but big business loves those cheap workers . 
  guatemala is doing okay in comparis with spain and greece = x but the idea that sweden was barely affected is just non-sense and the notion that sweden has a grip on the powers that steer the world economy one way or another is ridiculous . 
  all of this comes from jms3r 's idea that these riots are a good way of getting equality back on the schedule and that ` equality is possible ' . 
  it just ai n't , not with these outside forces . 
  agreed . 
  you can not separate the new law from the current government , but that 's a matter of opinion on which we seem to differ :p, 
  barely affected ?!, 
  are you for real on this one ? 
  they open up the door for further regulation and with the way things are going , that door will be used sooner or later . 
  that ` this ' equality is a far bigger issue that can only be tackled on by international bodies . 
  and those international bodies ai n't doing that . 
  i admire your positivity in this , but the banks that were involved in the 2007 crisis are still doing the same thing that caused the crisis . 
  there 's no still regulation in place , there 's still no sign of that regulation coming into place and the policy of multiple big economies are heavily influenced by financial institutions . 
  and then there 's the countless other things that are tied into this and why we 're only getting further away from equality instead of getting there . 
  these riots wo n't change a damn thing about that . 
  good luck with that . 
  i 'm sure sweden can rectify the stranglehold of financial institutions and groups on european policies now . 
  england will surely change its course and through that , we can finally see the council of the european union coming to agreement that we need more regulation . 
  sorry for the sarcasm , but your level of optimism ( or hope ? ), 
  just ai n't warranted and is at best a bad excuse for what 's going . 
  http://www.pvv.nl/images/stories/verkiezingen2012/verkiezingsprogramma-pvv-2012-final-web.pdf p22 - the man is a defender of the welfare state and ranks highly on the left on socio-economical issues . 
  it 's why i find it hard to call him ( far/extreme ) right . 
  he 's all over the place . 
  conservative liberal ?!, 
  have you read up on his social policies ?!, 
  he 's anything but on that front . 
  i never know how to describe wilders . 
  is he far-right ? 
  or should we judge him on his social policies , which are very left ? 
  i just went for the safe route , even though i personally would never call him a far-right politician . 
  he 's an opportunist populist . 
  starting ? 
  everything worries you , but the moment it happens in your neighbourhood is the moment where it heavily starts influencing your political stance . 
  plenty of people still ai n't personally affected about it so the big impact it has now on polls will most likely fade away over the course of a couple of months . 
  sure , some people will be swayed over to other sides , but the riots in france and england and incidents in the netherlands have n't caused political land-slides . 
  whatever wilders ( a dutch example ) gained during his brief rise to the top , he lost in no time . 
  and he 's the only example i can think of when it comes to far right / extreme right parties actually rising to power in north/north-west europe . 
  companies from all over europe are recruiting high educated people from countries such as spain as we speak . 
  since germany is doing ` good ' when compared to the rest , it should come as no surprise that they 're doing well with attracting ` promising ' immigrants , 
  for a moment there , i read ` abs ' . 
  limiting the sale of alcohol would surely lead to an increase in abs . . so it made sense . . for a moment . . 
  but to be on topic , this is truly horrible stuff . 
  one question - is the sale of alcohol limited to stores and supermarkets ? 
  because i can not fathom this ban to include bars and restaurants as well ? 
  turkey has changed focus from europe to the east and i do n't think the ` modern ' part of turkey - everything west of ankara ? 
  - is benefiting from this at all in the long run . 
  unless a smart politician takes a queue from wilders , splits from his party and starts a new one that is relatively more moderate than sd . 
  if that guy also managed to be smart and get foreign financial backing ( wilders has ties with israel/jews for example ) , i wo n't see a far/extreme-right party winning anything in the next election . 
  this is as swedish as it gets - no matter what , they want to resolve the ongoing argument even if it makes you look like a spineless pussy . 
  laudable , but perhaps not the right reaction here . 
  tits or ass ? 
  apparently the answer is ass . 
  that 's often how one becomes unfathomably rich and wealthy . 
  for a country with 9 million people it is a lot . 
  it is the words that must hold merit , not the one who utters them . 
  even a fool can say wise things at times . 
  mass immigration in a nutshell . 
  big business profits from a large cheap workforce that can not possibly move up the ladder thanks to a lack of an education , knowledge of the civil system ( law , rights , etc ) and a complete lack of capital . 
  government wants to see their economy grow every year and what easier way than to do what is profitable for big business ?
