  and now refuses to take its responsibilities . 
  dutch news sites and blogs have been pumping out article after article to keep the story alive , but many dutchmen do n't seem to give a flying fuck . 
  a truly sorry state of affairs :(, 
  googled it for you , but i just find text articles . 
  oslo is located in the dreadfjord . 
  news on tv showed footage of a gendarme standing by while they unloaded the truck , 
  http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/24302618/__boeren_roven_truck_leeg__.html i wish i was making it up . 
  i actually do like my autonomy and with me most other dutchmen . 
  the same seems to go for the uk . 
  why sign over said autonomy in return for less direct political power and control ? 
  only a fool would do that . 
  a dutch truck carrying lambs meat worth a couple of tens of thousands of euro 's was happily empties by a bunch of protesting farmers while the gendarme looked on . 
  it has been filmed and the trucker company is going to sue . 
  what the hell , france . 
  what le hell . 
  the eu already is an undemocratic frankenstein , so who is really surprised that politicians would use such underhanded tactics to further push the eu into a federation of sorts ? 
  something has to be done to break the euro deadlock and if it were up to the voters , the euro would die . 
  now the politicians , they seem to love further european integration . 
  nothing is wrong . 
  the weirdest thing is that it does n't seem to be a lower class thing . 
  sure , the photo 's in the above article seem to hint at it , but my experience has told me that it is a common thing to do for all echelons of english society . 
  you realize that the weapons used in the conflict in the 90s are being exported all over europe , right ? 
  schengen made it rather easy to move em about . 
  do n't worry , i 've proposed some ideas for a couple of bicycle lanes . 
  and if that fails , i 'll build us some roundabouts . 
  when you represent big business there is no place for this ` socialism ' . 
  dutch literature always features random sex scenes . 
  maybe the game of thrones producers got inspired by it . 
  platform is one of my favorite books ever . 
  have you read that one by houellebecq ? 
  the euro , and more specifically germany , deepened the hole greece was going to fall into . 
  that 's a fact . 
  it was known then in 2007-2009 , it is known now . 
  anyways , who i think is guilty and what should be done is irrelevent anyways since i 'm not an elected politician . 
  to say no meant to have their banks run out of money , their economy collapse and the government having no legitimacy with their own people and no position for diplomacy with the rest of europe . 
  if that ai n't a gun , i do n't know what it is . 
  that 's the trick the terrorists pulled on the west : they broke the system and made the use of organised warfare impractical , if not impossible , against them . 
  the whole ` spying on one 's own citizens ' , the use of drones and what not are an extension of this paradigm shift . 
  sure , you say you 're no longer adhering to it and accept the international blowback . 
  after a couple of years no one will remember . 
  it will give international opposition a temporary weapon to smack you with , but that 's about it . 
  the international scene is very ` give and take ' . 
  the things people do when you put a gun against their head , huh . 
  you ought to read some newspapers from time to time . 
  no offense , but you sound rather out of touch with the world and stuck in your own concept of ` the rest of the world ' . 
  is is no joke and the things they 've done are a testimony to the evil men is capable of . 
  the difference is that we had politicians make a system that everyone knew would n't work . 
  one thing is the burden of innovation , the other an exercise in stupidity . 
  you 're from the uk so it should be easy to relate to a government that nods and does as its financial institutions want it to . 
  imagine tons of countries , locked in a currency , that do the very same thing . 
  add a bad political framework , virulent lack of leadership and yeah , we got ourselves stuck in a nice hole . 
  when the financial institutions demand it of them . 
  apparently they 're cool with what 's going down . 
  . . it is the only greek i know . . 
  germany can not into freedom . 
  they are however further exaggerated / deepened by the eu . 
  it 's the same with how the political climate in europe at large blows its preference through the national parlements whether they care for it or not . 
  but them sweet minimum wage workers 4 lyfe for your industries and stores . . !, 
  whenever did that stop someone from being elected as an important eu official ? 
  and what 's worse : the guy is spending absolutely zero time and energy on dutch financial matters . 
  although , worse . . 
   if they reform enough outside the deals , they might get more room for different policies . 
  how would they do that ? 
  it sounds like wishful thinking . 
  at best . 
  unilateral agreement on reforms . 
  a slashed and torn up bureaucracy . 
  no money to hire consultants and experts . 
  reasonably you shouldnt expect a thing , because of the stupid nature of the ez-greece relationship . 
  any minister of finance or government representative would do the same . 
  anywhere . 
  left . 
  right . 
  you can not let the trust and faith in your economy die like that . 
  that 's the 11th commandment . 
  i always tell my friends that your average politician wo n't move a limb until his own house is on fire . 
  then , of course , immediate action is taken , but usually it is already too late for many by then . 
  action equals risk and risk is a bad thing when you want a safe career and your reward for being a good dog : a great paying job at some big corp or firm . 
  dutch politics makes a person jaded : /, 
   i am absolutely certain that , had syriza implemented tough reforms on its own , the eurogroup would have seen that as a positive development . 
  it was the '' bait and switch '' they were weary of . 
  what gives you that certainty ? 
  the troika have stated again and again that greece is not to take action on its own . 
  what you say to believe goes against every bit of information that has been floating around for the last , * what has it been ? 
  * , six months or so ? 
  that you live in a dream world that is out of touch with reality . 
  germany and the netherlands both have made cuts in their tax agencies and are running them with way too few people . 
  they ca n't ` loan out ' specialists , because they 're short on specialists as we speak . 
  i 'm sure other countries have done the same thing . 
  also , by sending out some guys you wo n't magically make taxes appear . 
  they wo n't speak the language , know next to nothing of greek culture and will need years before they know their way around the greek maze : culture , law , language , politics and what not . 
  this should 've been coordinated years ago , back in 2007/2008 when the shit hit the fan , when it would 've mattered . 
  now it is way too late . 
  greek tears . 
  ha , that reminds me of when election time comes rolling around in the netherlands . 
  the economy this . 
  the economy that . 
  the economy so . 
  and no one , not the politicians nor most of the voters , know what the fuck they 're talking about , but what we do know is that this ` economy thing ' is majorly important !, 
  . . sometimes i feel like elections are nothing but a guinness book of records ' attempt at the world 's greatest delusion .
