  even though this was to be expected from the english press i can completely understand harry 's disgust and the need to respond to it . 
  stay classy , english press . 
  how about you recognise your cultural heritage , rebel !, 
  a turk that is n't triggered is n't a turk at all . 
  . . now i want a janhagel . _ . 
  there 's plenty , but most people seem to never touch a cookbook . 
  the are loads of dutch seasonal vegetable dishes yet whenever dutch cuisine is mentioned , they 're ignored , because i guess people do n't know about them ? 
  ye olde dutch food is heavily focused on veggies tho so here 's one . 
  chicory wrapped in ham and cheese with some breadcrumbs sprinkled over them is delicious and goes well with any protein and potatoes , mashed potatoes or whatever you want to have . 
  next to that , it is super easy to make and chicory is pretty damn cheap . 
   https://i.ytimg.com/vi/qn1hnc3g-bs/maxresdefault.jpg healthy , easy , cheap : so dutch . 
  seeing how the new ` trade agreement ' with ` canada ' is being pushed through ? 
  yes , because the elite represents interests that are n't the people 's nor in the people 's interests . 
  the fact we got two major parties in a cabinet together who campaigned against one another is also a big joke . 
  and you can spin it any way you want , but when a referendum takes place the government has to play by the rules . 
  rutte , from day one , has been actively trying to avoid doing just so , forcefully coerced by the eu . 
  one that cares about democracy and doesnt much like the autocratic ways of the contemporary eu, 
  goddamn spanish frogs , they 're such right wing bastards :(, 
  europe now looks more like a star spangled sad pepe . 
  andre rieu blows all of them out of the water . 
  bamse does n't count !, 
  it is nothing more than a populist farting in public , expecting us to like the smell of his shit . 
  mhm , all this hot air . 
  it is election time , right ? 
  thats the idea . 
  in reality the system is broken half the time and nonfunctioning . 
  t'was on a quality dutch news program a week or 2 ago in an article on how so many immigrants/refugees can play the system . . because the international system , where we are supposed to share and use data , is failing : /, 
   why is a greek less worthy of our help than a syrian ? 
  because the syrian can crank down the average age in germany and help you fight the aging issue that plagues all of europe . 
  demographics , baby . 
  that , and they 're cheap labour for your big corporations . 
  because of $ $ $ $ $ $, 
  i do n't want to see those housewives with a short spicy hairdo without any clothes on at the beach q_q, 
  except there is a shit ton of petrochemical industry right next to the city  really , cars are the least of our problems . 
  fresh air ? 
  oh , child of summer , you should n't look up an air pollution map of europe if you want to maintain that innocence . 
  it is not in the interest of the establishment to support and protect whistleblowers so they do n't . 
  people ai n't making it a voting point during elections so it surely wo n't change . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  it ai n't working , but the sacrifices needed to ` make it work better ' are n't worth it in my opinion . 
  work better or work ? 
  if work better , i can do without . 
  if it makes it work , then perhaps . 
   * probably * . . based on what ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  pure speculation . 
  what better way to unite humanity than by creating an us versus them narrative !, 
  the most recent season was nothing but a ` lets kill off tons of characters so we can simplify the story ' with a heavy side serving of plot armor , clich\u00e9s and shitty dialogue straight out of xena and hercules . 
  i guess it makes for ok tv if you watch it with your brain turned off and low expectations . 
  you might be forgetting that a politician named pim fortuyn got gunned down while walking to his car by a crazy leftist bastard . 
  right . 
  segregation is also a choice , but if you 're happier off believing that ai n't so , be my guest . 
  i imagine stockholm proper to have extensive public transport systems whereas the suburbs , comparatively to , do n't . 
  i reckon the added expenses and travel time of a pricing program must weigh down harder on suburbs and surrounding towns and villages . 
   have lived together if only , right . 
  that 's exactly the issue , because people actively chose to live segregated . 
  getting wet feet , huh . 
  your inclination to rejoin the fatherland is physically manifesting itself . 
  the article foregoes a few things that causes me to scratch my head . 
  the program was introduced to raise money to build new and update existing highways and roads . 
  simply put , it is a new tax for better infrastructure . 
  both goal and reason remain unnamed in the piece . 
  the city has some really old infrastructure tying its urban center to the region and i can see why it is necessary to update it . 
  sadly , the region needs to cough up a sizable part of the money required itself because of how the swedish system works . 
  hence the tax . 
  fighting congestion is a nice little extra , but the main goal is to raise money through new taxation . 
  and there 's no shame in that , but it does n't hurt to name the beast by its name . 
  there was a solid article in the otherwise dreary right-wing dutch magazine elsevier where a columnist wrote about the differences between the dutch and the german christian democrats . 
  a dutch cda'er opened a conference saying in dutch that the current crises , such as the immigrant crisis , threatens europe as we stand divided . 
  the german then took over , saying he did n't quite understand all she had said , to then continue with the words that germany had seen worst crises the last couple of decades and that these issues would be overcome . 
  that 's coming from the most ` right wing ' german christian democrat while she 's one of the more left dutch christian democrats . 
  that pretty much sums up what is going on for me . 
  edit : he did n't make that story up , he was there at the conference and apparently face-palmed pretty hard . 
  my mother got told her pension pay-out will take a 23 % cut next year . 
  i 've also heard similar stories from people i know , so yeah , there 's no ` looming ' , it is already happening . 
  you joke , but younger people do actually copy what they see in porn thanks to it often being their only introduction to sex . 
  shit , i 'm out of my twenties and i hear horror stories from people around me where ( usually the guy ) one part of the couple is obviously a little too porn driven . 
  it really is an issue . 
  still , it is no reason to ban or shun the production of such videos , it just goes to show that better sex ed is needed from both parents and educational services . 
  . . where did i say the eu reduces austerity ? 
  all the eu does is enforce austerity , as if it is some kind of miracle cure . 
  hence doctor eu recommend austerity . 
  surely a good dosis of austerity is just what the nhs needs . 
  doctor eu always recommends austerity !, 
  i understand how a belgian can be a little jaded when it comes to politics and culture . 
  amsterdam has two asterisks behind it , meaning the data looked at ` old buildings ' to get to its price index . 
  both rotterdam and the hague have plenty of post-war neighbourhoods filled with rushed flats and apartment buildings that are still standing . 
  amsterdam too , mind you , but they opted to exclude that from the data for fuck knows why . 
  and ignore snitsie 's ` because they are shit ' , because just like any other city they got nice areas and not so nice ones . 
  rotterdam is actually attracting lots of people from amsterdam who feel like they do n't connect with a'dam no more . 
  that is * your * definition of integration . 
  others also wish for their new fellow countrymen to be politically and culturally involved within society . 
  you apply reason to a statement completely devoid of reason coming from a man who only adheres to reason when it benefits him . 
  http://m.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-603588.html shits as old as it gets and the news bits from recent years havent shown much improvement . 
  a lack of integration doesnt necessarily mean there are problems or issues , tho , but it is obvious that some issues and problems do flow forth from a lack of integration . 
  the use of they , them or ' a large segment ' or however you phrase it is subservant to the discussion at large . 
  the fact of the matter is that , when seen as a whole , integration of has failed . 
  whether that strokes with a persons own ideas of what constitutes integration and what doesnt , is something else . 
  the numbers we do have are from the de government . 
   http://m.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-603588.html i have no personal stake in this .
