  the rest get to swim for their lives while being told not to be such a bunch of fucking whiners . 
  edit - when social rental places go vacant , they up the rental price up to 1-2 euro 's below the maximum . 
  why ? 
  because they can . 
  it is nice to pretend everything is okay . 
  pfoe , what a relief . 
  germanic ones * . . we ai n't germans !!, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  2.2 % growth ? 
  still ai n't enough to make up for what we lost . 
  besides , the government cut so much critical spending that poverty is on the rise , elderly care has been fundamentally ruined and the housing cooperatives still hold many skeletons in their closets . 
  they might even drag some struggling cities down with them . 
  ` sociale huurbouw ' , affordable low-key rentals , is being demolished because the corporations want to build profitable middle-class housing . 
  it also attracts people who rely on government aid , but that wo n't ever be said outloud . 
  a former ` rijksbouwmeester ' - an influential governmental cityplanner of sorts - who is a vlaardingen native , has repeatedly criticized vlaardingen 's policy . 
  the city will grow older , because all of the netherlands is ` graying up ' , and the new houses they 're building ai n't elderly proof . 
  the city will also shrink , so when the time comes to refurnish these houses for the crowd that lives/wants to live in vlaardingen , it will be another major drain on the city 's financials . 
  and that 's a trend in all of the randstad , resulting in the cities ping-ponging an ever-growing group of poor people about while building houses for a group of people that might not want to live there , and if they do want to live there , they do n't want to in some 10-20 years . 
  let 's feature schiedam . 
  schiedam , some 70-80k people and located right next to rotterdam , is shit out of luck , because it is rocking a staggering 50 % + unemployment rate . 
  schiedam is throwing everything overboard just to stay afloat : the city archive , all its libraries , but the national government is pushing more and more bills for ` the negative aspects that reside in a city ' down to the cities . 
  welfare costs are a done deal , but coming this year are the costs for the aid of troubled people , especially kids , whether they got probs at school , at house or mental ones , the organisation helps everyone . 
  schiedam has a massive amount of people who rely on this help but the city wo n't be able to afford it . 
  note , the national government is not sending more money to cities to make up for these changes . 
  so , a 2.2 % growth ? 
  i would n't invest a dime into the netherlands if i were you , because the government has made sure to secure a heavy weight we ca n't burden to our feet and slowly but steadily , that rock is slipping into the deep end . 
  we 're properly fucked . 
  it would be politics mimicking reality instead of insisting that it ai n't so . 
  and we all know it * is * so . 
  that being said , it 's not going to happen . 
  i 'm starting to be a believer in postnatal abortus . . 
  :-o is what i see, 
  i do n't believe you :(, 
  please tell me this ai n't real . 
  smiling happy people ? 
  and wallets ? 
  i know , i know , knee-jerk reaction , but taking in * that * many refugees is a serious financial burden for any european nation . 
  words like ` love ' and ` tolerance ' and ` kindness ' are mere distractors , because this is a bill that you 'll at least be paying for the next 30-40 years . 
  you ca n't sell that to the people by means of a rather lack-luster emotional ploy . 
  fried dessert ? 
  . .  . . and kibbeling can be damn nice . 
  i think our romance has come to an end . 
  no problem , belgibro . 
  we 'll keep on driving our caravans up and down your roads to ensure they stay shitty . 
  do n't worry , a whole new group of incompetent politicians is waiting to replace the old group of incompetent politicians . 
  you should try the lidl 's pataya peach icetea . 
  i 'm a nazi when it comes to drinks , but good lord , that stuff is heavenly . 
  they 're thousands of years old . 
  the germanic tribes used to make them , supposedly , and you can have them in any way you want nowadays . 
  with apple , raisins , all kinds of fruit - you name it . 
  how can you have a fika , without a kanelbullar ? 
  i need to marry a girl from luik . 
  i 've been through drenthe , but never actually spent time there no . 
  i once met this really cute girl from drenthe tho . . maybe i should reconsider !, 
  i was born and raised there :(, 
  i remember going skiing in czech and going out for lunch . 
  hey look , schnitzel is only 4 euro 's !, 
  let 's get that !, 
  bam , two mega-sized schnitzels and more fries that i can fit in my tummy . 
  i love czech lunch . 
  you love your fatty meats , do n't you ? 
  i always cut off the fat : <, 
  we do ? 
  i 'm raised on having vegetables at least five days a week . 
  add rice , potatoes ( boiled , mashed or baked in a pan ) and a proteine or fish of sorts and tada . 
  also , pasta and asian rice/noodle dishes are super common and i find myself cooking asian food quite often . 
  your map looks like some kind of nasty parasite , ha . 
  we used to go camping all across europe when i was younger so that explains most of it . 
  went on a 3.5 week trip to greece to see all the antiquities . 
  been to turkey for lazy summer vacations quite often . 
  had a swedish gf , but i 've also gone camping there when i was younger . 
  still need to conquer the british isles one day and see more of glorious italy . 
  just be glad they did n't post any pictures of the erasmus university rotterdam . . * shivers *, 
  the bankers sure did n't lose anything . 
  you got a dutch flag , you should know . 
  you might also be aware of the fact that poverty is on the rise . 
  the randstad will be sporting some proper ghost towns in a decade or so  schiedam might be the first to fall . 
  the rich eu countries thank you for your cheap labor !, 
  ole austerity . 
  who gives a fuck right , when you ai n't spending your own money on it . 
  who needs satire when this is our reality . 
  my dutchness must be showing , because i absolutely love traveling in those cheap-ass dinky toys for less than a lira . . the value !, 
  * the value !, 
  yes , more words . 
  i 'm sure putin wakes up at night because of all the words european leaders have directed his way . 
  it might seep through into your voting habits . 
  it might not . 
  what i do know is that european governments wo n't be willing to extend to russia even a pinkie in the coming years . 
  that might bite them . 
  it might not :( this sense of impending injustice is infuriating . 
  more words , still no action . 
  whoever was responsible for this has probably been * silenced * by now by the russians . 
  outrage without a tangible focus point will dissapate into bitterness and eventually into a sour memory . 
  alas , i 'm afraid russia wo n't suffer more than just reputation damage from this :(, 
  the eu is just another battleground for european nations to get what they want to happen , but this time with the idea that it does n't come at too high a cost for other european nations . 
   the dutch passion for travel is as old as the country , with its low-lying , swampy areas unfit for agriculture and its small size forcing ambitious dutch to look beyond their borders . 
  `` this small nation is used to getting its impulses from abroad , '' said geert mak , a prominent dutch author and historian . 
  . . not sure whether to laugh or cry . 
  add in higher minimum wage , more strict government policies for affordable housing and a gazillion other things that make one climate more favorable for young starters over the other . 
  it 's doable to move out in the netherlands if you land an okay job and rent , if you 're couple and work you can maybe buy a low end house and if you got the backing of your parents you might land something a bit better .
