i rather know the truth and give the family and loved ones of the people who got shot down that which they so badly want to know : who did , how it happened . 
  they deserve as much and our government has vowed to make it happen . 
  it seems vowing stuff does n't mean much nowadays . 
  the opposition wants the government to give them a look at the german intel , but the government simply said ` no ' . 
  they do n't want to hurt the dutch-russian relations any further because the dutch economy is doing shit ( funnily enough , that 's partially because of the current government ) so rutte & co can expect a shit storm to wash over them in a few years time when a bit more perspective has been gained on * exactly * what happened during these times * all in all , our government could n't care less about what is happening in the ukraine judging by their actions . 
  i couldnt live without my ` broodje kroket ' :'(, 
  but i 'm sure that the dutch government , with their subtle and careful diplomatic approach , will get to the bottom of the mh-17 crash . 
  it 's not like there 's a war going on . 
  i remember the ns mini-markets ( back when they had them ) basically put on euro 's on the product tags , but did n't bother to change the prices . 
  it would still lead to relations turning sour , which is something they want to prevent at all costs . 
  that was my point , but you are right . 
  i am afraid the truth of the mh17 will remain murky . . 
  meanwhile in the netherlands , our government refuses to give our parlement access to the german intel . 
  our relationships with russia apparently are more important than uncovering the truth . 
  even if our mp vowed to bring the truth to light . 
  some 14-15 years ago you could already get energy drinks anywhere in the czech republic . 
  i remember drinking this red one with bear in its name . 
  energy drinks were n't even a thing back then in the netherlands . 
  the market hall is significantly more expensive than the market . 
  it is already being called the ` kijkdoos ' - a diorama , because most people come to take a look , not to buy something . 
  hehe , another ` big project ' is nowadays named the ` de koopgoot ' - the shipping gutter . 
  good for you . 
  national polls go against your ` facts ' . 
   a lot of dutch people found offensive good luck backing that up . 
  the funny thing is that gouda is ( ab ) using the current situation to sneak in some high level marketing : the ` cheese ' piet is a ` goudse cheese ' piet and the other alternative piet is a ` stroopwafel ' one , another product that gouda is famous for . 
  i 'm not sure whether to laugh or cry at the ingenuity of gouda . 
  eh , it literally is part of the ` dutch identity ' . 
  that you might not think so does n't mean it ai n't . 
  here 's a simple example of why : when asked what is typically dutch , sinterklaas will be one of the main answers . 
  you should call him a ` stroopwafelpiet ' instead . 
  potato harvest . 
  ... * forgive me , / r/europe * , polandball is leaking ... 
  long term consequences ? 
  do n't be silly , it 's all about winning ( or , not losing ! ), 
  the next elections . 
  caravan goes where he pleases . 
  dutch people love themselves some self-hating , so take their negativity with a pinch of salt :p, 
  they came in on ikea boats , wielding their intimidating weapons of gender equality . 
  the time of chorizo will come to an end . 
  the time of kottbullar will begin . 
  he made the call to invade and take baghdad . 
  his dad didnt , because his advisors had warned him that it would lead to ethnic troubles . 
  lo and behold . 
  gw bush was an idiot of a president , because the position is oh so very demanding and he wasnt anywhere near ready for it . 
  i 'm 100 % dutch myself , but i can see how my nephews ( 5 , 8 and 14 ) are struggling with their moroccan roots . 
  a good part of it is their shitty dad , but the oldest has his heritage in his looks and has already experienced the general dislike for moroccans that is so common here . 
  a combination of shitty parenting , a shitty home situation and a social divide in dutch society when it comes to moroccans really has made it hard for the oldest to find ` who ' he is . 
  the middle one is too pragmatic and sceptic , and has very mixed looks : light hair , two differently colored eyes and he talks dutch rather affectionally . 
  he 's as dutch as it gets . 
  super strange tosl see two brothers being so different , but the older one looks more like his dad and went through more of his parents shit . 
  stuff aint easy for an uncle . 
  austria , conquering the world , one coffee house at a time ? 
  they should incorporate hydroplants into the afsluitdijk , deltawerken and our various ` waterkeringen ' . 
  sunday is a rest day . 
  no noise , no tv , no nothing . 
  theyll know youre an outsider and you wont have a great time , haha . 
  just do n't go there on sundays . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
   commissioner malmstr\u00f6m was tasked to conduct an investigation to find out the veracity of this claim , and whether or not and to what extent e.u. 
  citizens ' personal data had been unlawfully accessed . 
  shortly after the beginning of this investigation , malmstr\u00f6m explained in a speech that she had received `` written reassurances '' from the u.s. government , and assured that `` it has not breached the tftp agreement . '' the investigation was then closed . 
  i wish i could do when i 'm in a conflict with the police . 
  we stoles it !, 
  stoles it . 
  hate to say i told you so ... 
  geedo from star wars . 
  den haag rocks . 
  what a lot of foreigners dont get is that you can see a different city every day - it is less than an hour from amsterdam to utrecht , rotterdam and the hague !, 
  and going to texel might be a fun and unique experience . 
  i vote for luxembourg . 
  never . 
  cyprus , greece and internal politics make sure it is an impossibility . 
  besides , like norway , the only thing that matters are the economical treaties . 
  they dont need membership for that and i think it is a situation both parties can live with . 
  http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/08/27/whats-the-matter-with-france/ compare it to other eurozone nations . 
  they ai n't doing so bad . 
  i clicked the comments first , because the article 's title seemed bullshitty . 
  im sick and tired of the media dogpiling on france - if anything , france is showing us that there are alternatives to austerity and marching to the german drum . 
  moral high ground . 
  mind , i 'm not against immigration , but i believe in honesty and transparency . 
  even uncomfortable truths should be mentioned and acknowledged . 
  i remember mentioning the costs of immigrants in sweden . 
  burning glares and looks of disbelief were thrown my way when i told a group of swedes that for a large part of that group you 'd be paying the costs of living : housing , welfare , medical costs and what not . 
  are the immigrants to blame ? 
  of course not , they ca n't help it they 're not equiped with a western education , western cultural norms ( lbgt , women , democratic values ) and language . 
  but the truth is that they 'll cost society a lot of money , while business can profit from an increasing amount of cheap labour . 
  * even * with your high minimum wage . 
  . . so yeah , that was n't appreciated . 
  it never really happened in the netherlands after wilders ' pvv started getting a lot of votes . 
  the vvd ( fiscal conservatives ) have taken a harder stance against iimmigrants and those who abuse government aid , but they 're very eager to welcome in cheap labour from central - and eastern europe . 
  there are some minor voices within parties who talk about these concerns , but they 're usually just that : minor . 
  sad times . 
  i 'd say that people use and abuse the term ` far-right ' as they see fit . 
  a prolific example of a party wrongly being labeled as far-right again and again is wilder 's pvv . 
  their social and economical policies are all over the place , but all things considered , very much leftish !, 
  maybe people should stop labeling things in their futile attempt to get easy oversight over something that always was and always will be a complex multi-layered puzzle . 
  you 're mixing two things up : french national policy and eurozone policy . 
  to battle the euro crisis the eurozone members opted to adopt a common policy . 
  the most notorious of this is the 3 % hard limit , the direct reason for austerity . 
  germany and france have been duking it out on economical policies for decades and still ca n't see eye to eye , but because of the euro problems they decided to cooperate .
