  the guy is a walking disaster with a whole slew of retarded ideas . 
  ca n't wait for the day he leaves politics or becomes a non-factor . 
  [ i ai n't even mad . 
  and rightfully so . 
  at least have the decency to go to a snackbar for a mexicano-pinda or a frikadel speciaal !, 
  pretty sure rotterdam accounts for a huge % of that and not shady monkey business . 
  that 's most likely because immigrants and their descendents live in the randstad area ( amsterdam-thehague-rotterdam-utrecht area ) and not in the more sparsely populated north . 
  you 'll encounter people who sell the ` street newspaper ' in front or around supermarkets tho , 
  i 'm from the rijnmond area and when i was smaller you 'd see the occassional homeless guy in rotterdam - some 20 years ago - but now ? 
  i 'd be hard pressed to find one . 
  this is what shocked me about sweden - i 'd stumble upon ( terribly drunk ! ), 
  homeless people quite often when in town o_o, 
  they 've been all over gothenburg for years . 
  i got no idea why the local government tolerates this . . back home here they pretty much have a zero tolerance policy for them . 
   `` indeed , germany is forecast to lose its position as the largest western european economy to the uk around 2030 because of the uk 's faster population growth and lesser dependence on the other european economies . '', 
  this cracked me up . 
  and three high officers of the defence forces ? 
  the last three all retired and ended up working ( in ) directly for firms involved in producing and or delivering the jsf xd someone else posted a nice summary of that on here some time ago . 
  i tried to find out , but no dice : < or maybe it was on geenstijl . . 
  idiotic government is being idiotic . 
  they 're doing whatever they can to cover the bills , while not cutting on actual expenses . 
  the selling of these tanks has nothing to do with actual policy , but with the necessity of getting enough money to patch up the holes in this year 's budget . 
  fin ^ e. 
  seeing as you 're replying to a fin , this might 've worked if it were sunday afternoon . 
  although . . when does happy hour start ? 
  in the netherlands a man has been held in custody by the police and was then jailed for a total of 2 years for throwing a tea light ( yes , really ) at the queen while she was inside an enclosed golden carriage . 
  his punishment seems to be just right * snickers * oh and just in case you were wondering , the carriage was n't damaged by the tea light according to the national news . 
  phew !, 
  to be honest , confrontations are a scary thing . 
  best to just give in and walk away . 
  i do n't know who downvoted you , but ai n't that the damn truth x 'd, 
  to be fair , you can replace ` right-wingers ' with ` people ' . 
  here in the netherlands at least . 
  the most vocal anti-immigration party , the pvv led by our great blonde friend wilders , mentions it ever so rarely . 
  you rebut it and move on . 
  sometimes you need to let the baby cry at night . 
  what would the response be if any other speaker would request this , like a white christian speaker ? 
  misogyny should never be condoned . 
  they often come over with little or no money at all . 
  they have no cultural ties with whatever-country-they 're - going-to . 
  they often have little to no education and will fill up low wage jobs . 
  housing is expensive . 
  and guess what ? 
  [ harry potter of the netherlands ] ( http://lkvv.nl/cms/wp-content/uploads/balkenende.jpg ) had his people do the math and they cost the state money . 
  obviously a country can not do without low-wage workers ( or alternatively , can not make it so that everyone can fulfill jobs above the low-wage bracket ) , but the idea that immigration is the solution to an aging society and the costs that come with it ai n't all that simple . . one way or another you 'll be paying the price . 
  and you rarely if ever hear that side of the discussion . 
  we want the growth to see us through the ` grey years ' that are coming up . 
  yes , i 'm aware it ai n't a solution . 
  it is a simple way of pushing up the day we got to pay the bills . 
  you 're mixing two different categories here : 1 ) our well-off students and 2 ) our more ` simpler ' men . 
  if you were to ask me what points out whether a person is dutch , it is the hair . 
  long hair ? 
  slicked back or to the side ? 
  good chance he 's dutch . 
  easy to spot , but hard to describe ? 
  kebabslag x 'd i need to use that next time i talk to my swedish friend . 
  she 'll probably demand an explanation though . . 
  1 ) you throw money at people who have no money and 2 ) you throw subsidies at stuff . 
  i 'd never write the last sentence the way i did if it was intended for a dutch person , but the alternative version would most likely result in a reaction that goes as follows : huh ?? 
  hehe :d, 
  you are drunk , go till home . 
  so yes , 
  hm , kind of yes , 
  that can be arranged . 
  i hope that you can read and understand these words without any problems . 
  i have one more question for you : does written dutch look like written german ? 
  . . obviously some words ca n't be literally translated , so i went for the ` as it should be in english ' version instead . 
  ` nog ' is a filler word in dutch sentences with a multitude of meanings that all depend on its context . 
  your ` att ' comes to mind , but mind , my swedish is far from perfect  i 'd say you did pretty good . 
  i should not have included the word ` nog ' , because if you were to ask me ` but what does it mean ? 
  ' , i 'd have a hard time giving you an answer . 
  because the russians are being bullies . 
  they embrace a narrow-minded approach to social values , while quite a few dutch people are open-minded . 
  dutch protestors and activists have actively resisted the new russian anti-homosexuality laws and that pretty much got the russian government going . 
  our government could care less , but the russians are actively trying to get them involved . . for whatever reason they might have . 
  a russian news agency reported this as ` the dutch strike back ' - striking back implies the russians striked first . 
  i think that gives us some insight on the situation and the russian mindset . . 
  ai n't things swell in russia ? 
  stadhouder = stadtholder in english , 
  hey look , russia is being a bully again . 
  quelle surprise !, 
  looks like something out of railroad tycoon !, 
  * proficiency in problem solving in technology-rich environments among young adults ( some oecd countries ) * . . it is basically about how good adults are at using computers and such  see posnania 's post above you . 
  schools can contribute to this , but i think it is more a reflection on how a certain culture has embraced this aspect of modern life . 
  you never go full retard , uk . 
  never . 
  ah ok . well , it 's really nice here in the rijnmond area . 
  today was boring , but the two days before that were beautiful . 
  poor estonia !, 
  move to the netherlands . 
  we got hagelslag , appelflappen and one of the prettiest autumns you can find in the world . 
  kids get homework in elementary school . 
  the idea that they do n't is ridiculous . 
  whether it is comparable to the amount of homework kids get in country x and y is something else . 
  we could use a bit of psycho-history to help us out here . 
  they ca n't . . comment on it ? 
  . . nowadays ? 
  yeah . . : - /, 
  durp . 
  not from my experience .
