  the only nation the us does not patronize is israel . 
  the us government knows that the europeans nations got dirty hands as well . 
  because of that they can not point their fingers at him . 
  they can only bark , like they 've been doing so far . 
  ha , hairdressers . 
  when i 'm in gothenburg i seem to stumble upon a beauty salon every other 20 meters . 
  i bet heineken is crying in a corner right now . 
  they can take away our windmills , but never our zwarte pieten !, 
  the union is ineffective in general . 
  2007 is calling about the crisis you still have n't resolved . 
  and do n't get me started on tons of other important issues they have n't resolved . . some of which they 've only managed to deepen . . 
  know there 's a deficit coming ? 
  ignore it so you do n't have enough time to make reforms and get the necessary laws through !, 
  so that you can then say ` oops , well , guess we make some basic cuts again ! ', 
  to the populace and get away with sailing the ship while not knowing what direction to go . 
  got ta love our government . 
  not that any other possible mix of parties would 've made a big difference :'), 
  wake up ? 
  from what or rather , for what ? 
  our elite is doing just fine !, 
  maybe if the income of big business is on the decline they 'll tweak things a little or toss out a bail-out , but do n't expect much more from them . 
  all bark , no bite . 
  i 'm actually very happy with the sentence . 
  the fear was that they 'd get reduced sentences or could not be found guilty in the first place , because the question ` who killed him ? ', 
  could not be answered and all but one offender refused to talk . 
  the one who did talk said he only kicked him against the leg , which was apparently backed up by reports of witnesses . 
  so with no clear killer and the orchestrated unwillingness to talk . . it would n't be the first time an obvious criminal got away with something big here . 
  it 's sad when the truth is that i 'm waiting for keen journalists to report a new acta-esque clause is being sneaked into the deal . 
  this is like swedish electro meets katy perry . 
  obviously it ai n't a happy marriage . 
  the king of sleeze claims his throne !, 
  holy shit , that supergirl muzak killed my ears . 
  how anyone can consider this to be music needs to visit a doctor . 
  he 's on vacation . 
  oliver is doing a hell of a job though :d i 'm loving him . 
  yup , it 's what we call . . je kan een kale kip niet plukken . 
  at least she 's getting a compensation from each offender . 
  i mean , being paid after you 've been sexually abused surely must make you feel better . 
  now she can go shopping with all that money . 
  as if it matters . 
  the dutch government has been snooping on its population in stati fashion for over a decade now and they 've been taking part in prism . 
   `` we understand the significant german interest in privacy and civil liberties , '' said ben rhodes , a us deputy national security advisor , adding that obama would point out legal and political safeguards around the program . 
  that 's a good one !, 
  i 'm sure the ` safeguards ' will put the germans back in their seats . 
  to give you an idea of just how safe this is : http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/mon-june-10-2013/good-news--you-re-not-paranoid---nsa-oversight, 
  same in the netherlands . 
  they 've run out of ` neutral ' descriptors for north-africans though . 
   and the court also concluded that they had already been punished in sorts by having their pictures and their personal details exposed on the internet . 
  . . so the public now partakes in dishing out justice ? 
  the law you say ? 
  they 're more like . . guidelines . 
  i ca n't tell you that , sadly , because i do n't know . 
  our governments are weak-willed fools who function as faces for the powerful civil servants that run the ministeries . 
  governments come and go , the civil servants stay . 
  it 's a good thing we pushed back the red terror and their freedom hating ways . 
  we simply started to export it ever since . 
  one word : hra . 
  but that abomination will soon be destroyed so they 'll have to come up with something new to pull in the voters . 
  not sure why you got downvoted , but we have a tendency of selling anything we come up with . 
  or happen to stumble upon . 
  before 9/11 we were the snoop kings of the world . 
  i think the man is just trying to promote his new book to a non-academical crowd :p it just rubbed me the wrong way . 
  on a professional historical level ? 
  yes , you could do that as a fun past time with no academical pretense . 
  i 'm going by this article and not the book that he wrote . 
  this article is flawed and if you were to post it on / r/askhistorians you 'd get a similar response . 
  comparative history is not a generally accepted means of academical history nowadays . 
  to follow up on this , yes i did read the man is a professor of history at the university of cambridge . 
  that 's why the man should be held to an even [ i ] higher [ / i ] standard than most . 
  this is not how modern professional history works . 
   instead , the patriots embraced the model of the anglo-scottish union of 1707 , when the two kingdoms , formerly so divided , had come together by merging their debts , parliaments and collective efforts on the international stage . 
   the resulting american constitution created a powerful executive residency and a representative legislature and made possible the creation of a consolidated national debt , a national bank and eventually a strong military , all of which in time turned the united states into the superpower it is today . 
  the holy roman empire , by contrast , failed to reform and disintegrated after it was defeated by napoleonic france in 1806 . 
  it is shit like this that makes me shake my head . 
  the article is nothing more but sensationalist historical drivel that tries to rest on an ultimately flawed premise : you can not compare the holy roman empire to the european union . 
  and no , you can not compare the holy roman empire to the creation of the united states of america . 
  doing that from a professional historical point of view is idiotic , even though it can be damn entertaining . 
  a most interesting read . 
  thank you for linking it , 
  clearly having three breakfasts and four lunches a day help you grow . 
  we 're only rigid when it comes to professional transactions . 
  most people like to keep up a certain sense of decorum when they have strangers over at their place , but rigidity in social affairs really is n't a dutch trait i 'd say . 
  but in a way , we 're very hobbit/shire-esque yes :p, 
  i 'd like for you to try bolletje 's knackebrod . 
  i love it with [ leverpastej ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-mumkd0lcu3s/tzqyg3rswzi/aaaaaaaad5k/u7zwpulosfg/s400/7310941801301_89116098.jpg ) . 
  i honestly ca n't stand any other kind of peanutbutter . 
  calve is the best . 
  my gf buys the gluten-free knackebrod and i actually prefer it over the regular wasa ones . 
  it 's thinner and somehow is even crunchier !, 
  here in the netherlands i like bolletje 's knackebrod , but it really is n't anything like the knackebrod in sweden . 
  i tried to find a good picture of it on google , but alas :(, 
  [ tiger bread . 
  ] ( http://us.123rf.com/400wm/400/400/paulmaguire/paulmaguire1208/paulmaguire120800031/15012015-gesneden-tijger-brood-brood-op-een-witte-achtergrond.jpg ) this bread has a crunchy top that makes it go perfectly with chocolate paste . 
  nutella , duo penotti or a simple choco paste turn this bread into heavenly delight . 
  i just love crunchy food . 
  we need to be special again with our semi-detached houses . 
  money-obsessed penny counting people who love driving their caravans all across europe and whose opinion seems to be a today , b tomorrow and c the day after tomorrow . 
  the irish : they know how to run a great pub !, 
  look !, 
  our laughable government did something laughable .
