  the vvd is a fiscal conservative party . 
  anything else is taking the piss with reality . 
  this is how they act , this is how they govern . 
  why not both ? 
  til . 
  oh , i see the error of my ways now . 
  thank you for enlightening me . 
  now , please do n't hit me with that chorizo :'(, 
  another plus is that once the war is over said guns will be trafficked back to the netherlands to be sold to drugs dealers . 
  amsterdam could do with more modern guns considering all those hits were done with 20th century hardware . 
  the horrible truth is that such ` corporation welfare ' leads to small businesses being unable to compete , landing yet another blow to the middle and lower class . 
  and hey , im a proud liberal shade of red ; 3, 
  broken tax systems , international legalized laundry systems and future trade agreements that give corporations even more rights . . yeah , whatever could be the cause ? 
  oh , right . 
  immigration and welfare leeches . 
  innovating failure is a governmental specialty , 
  but who knows . 
  maybe we will use it as leverage to get something else in return . . * tries to keep the glass half full of jenever *, 
  where is he asking for sympathy ? 
  he is trying to be part of an honest and open discussion , but states that such a discussion is purposely being stiffled by the powers that be . 
  the price then paid is not just by ` him ' , but also by the many families of molenbeek who simply want to live a good life . 
  i do not see how he is wrong on that crucial point - the very keystone of his article . 
  french flag , it checks out . 
  we just veto 'd such a thing within the eu together with the benelux bloc . 
  t'was posted some two weeks ago on here , afaik . 
  you may be corrupt , but we have institutionalized lawful tax evasion that runs into the billions . 
  you decide what is worse , hehe . 
  we could all use some more cable street particulars . 
  you realize that one can drive a car from anywhere in the balkans to paris in under 24 hours , right ? 
  europe 's set-up makes it that the security services must work together , preferably intensively , or else it will be hard to counter the open borders . 
  i presume that the french are pushing for stronger international co-operation by security services as we speak . 
  sadly , that seems to be a step too far for many countries , leaving europe vulnerable . 
  the alternative is to water down schengen / the open borders . 
  it 's quite the difficult situation and i 'm curious to see how they 'll tackle this one . 
  probably with some draconian laws so that the public suffers , but the governments do n't actually need to take any tough decisions . 
  i am sure turkey and iran are willing to ` watch over ' parts of these lands if they were given to them . 
  same goes for saudi arabia . 
  that is one alternative that im sure you will not like , 
  migration is welfare for industry . 
  it is n't a ` welfare industry ' for the left . 
  the left ? 
  centre and right wing parties are in charge of governments that backed this stuff . 
  germany , the netherlands . . migration isnt some leftish fetish , it is welfare for industry . 
  fearmongering cares naught for reality . 
  let me get the black face paint and some banana 's . 
  that reporter better check his privileges . 
   `` it 's scandalous -- the man who almost brought europe to the brink of financial crisis was paid $ 24,000 of taxpayers ' money to appear on tv , '' gianfranco librandi , a politician for italy 's liberal civic choice party told la stampa . 
  ... hahaha . 
  quelle surprise . 
  modern politicians see their public career as a stepping stone to a better job in the private sector . 
  ehr , the dutch system is anything but a beacon of social democratic economics and labor laws . 
  the whole idea of the zzper and ` flex werken ' go against that . 
  the dutch might have more job protection , but the finances needed to start a company are hard to come by and failure can be as simple as an employee being sick for an extended period of time . 
  no , the bank wont help you , they will let your company die . 
  really , your user name shows your disdain for the us system but the dutch one aint much prettier since the last 5 years . 
  besides , our government has upped the taxes and lowered social benefits while the us has pumped billions into its economy : many of which were directly invested in it and internet based companies . 
  and why is that ? 
  stiffling taxes and rules , high overhead and banks that are unwilling to loan out money do not make a great startup environment . 
  the us on the other hand has pumped hundreds of billions into its economy and a good sum of that ended up in digital startups . 
  now , how can you not see us doing this badly when the reality of it is that the us invested and nurtured whereas holland stiffled financing for startups and small companies together with a more unforgiving rules and tax setup . 
  because many countries send their political rejects to the eu . 
  yep , and the worst is the glee and pride the tv hosts took in it . 
  these are medieval practices that stiffle a free discussion , the public debate and democracy in general . 
  call the police , let them punish them , but dont go full medieval on their asses . 
  europe as a whole has a strong ` right wing bias ' on this issue so please , dont act as if this a distortion of actual reality . 
  thats the joke , innit ? 
  the media pretending it aint so and in turn , only making it worse . 
  your post is oddly reminiscent of that , hehe . 
  there are shamings on dutch tv of people who make ( admittedly rather racist ) anti immigration posts and comments online . 
  a big tv program showed comments with name and picture of the posters on prime time television and then went on to show a bit of one of the hosts visiting this weeks worst commentator , showing his face and all . 
  that was fucking disgusting . 
  and yes , im a leftie with social liberal tendencies . 
  this entire immigration debate floats on emotions instead of facts . 
  fuck the oppressive manners of the big dutch media . 
  so hey , at least you are not alone . 
  oh my , you 're right . 
  i had n't thought about that at all . 
  we lack capacity because the government shut down the infrastructure in the 2000s even though the head of the integration services warned them not to . 
  we knew for years that this wave was going to crash over europe yet choose not to prepare . 
  my government simply refuses to accept its responsibility and even now is playing a tricky game of passing on the blame while not doing a single thing , 
  right . 
  just like with the eastern europeans who settled here in the 00s or the many other groups that went before them . 
  rutte has n't done anything other than ` push it towards the future ' anyways so maybe you 're right . 
  maybe something will be done in the future . 
  they will do as little as they must . 
  why pick up a hot potato and possibly burn your hands if no one is forcing you to ? 
  hehe . 
  i 'd have to ask my mother , who volunteers at one . 
  i suppose you can go in and read , but to borrow anything you need a pass . 
  that i do know =p, 
  yes , hence the use of the word ` squatting ' . 
  they were abandoned flats , according to the leader of the local mosque . 
  so far i 've not met a single refugee in person and i assume that they , like me , would like to live a normal life just like everyone else . 
  but hey , i used the word refugee there and ai n't that the problem ? 
  that syrians only account for some 20ish procent of the current stream of refugees/migrants ? 
  that 's certainly what 's fueling your antipathy towards them and i honestly ca n't blame you for that , 
  i would n't even be surprised if it differs per shelter here . 
  the professional infrastructure dwarfs next to the current influx of immigrants and many are residing in temporary shelters . . and heh , integrate . 
  honestly i got no hopes for a positive outcome . 
  look at the past , compare it to the now , and weigh the possible outcomes : a new muslim minority that will embrace the culture of a people that live far far away to give themselves an identity as their new home has n't given them one .
