  thanks platini and blatter for helping them get the next world cup . 
  for what it 's worth , i did n't downvote you . 
  i think people should ease up on the downvoteyness and let others express their opinions , however different they might be . 
  have an upvote . 
  quacking edge technology . 
  i do n't subscribe to your cynicism and do not follow in the oversimplification of world events so we can agree to disagree , 
  how did we ` deal with them ' ? 
  what bigger picture are you talking about , the one where an area stretching from nigeria to bangladesh is spewing forth ever growing numbers of refugees and migrants at us ? 
  the fact we might soon be receiving a large number of turkish kurds because of turkey 's internal strife ? 
  oh no , the one where we 're nearing an new election cycle and we must create the public idea we 're succesfully holding back the influx of refugees and immigrants . 
  check . 
  all i see is a bunch of tunnel-visioning bastards who are not living up to their self-proclaimed liberal values and traditions while systematically ignoring the root causes of the issues at hand . 
  for that bigger picture i care naught . 
  not a finger has been lifted to be then pointed at turkey or erdogan about their many transgressions against the press and journalists . 
  hell , my treacherous government refuses to protect a dutch-turkish journalist , keeping open the option of extraditing her back to turkey . 
  all because of . 
  what turkey/erdogan wants is the benefits of the eu ( trade agreements , visa free travel , etc ) without the burdens . 
  they 'll never recognise cyprus so there 's that roadblock . 
  what the eu does n't want is for the migrant deal to fall through . 
  apparently the end justifies the means for our current leadership . 
  and you know , i have to be honest here , i could be okay with that if the policy we 're sacrificing so much for was worth a damn . 
  but it ai n't . 
  it 's a facade : the root cause for the enormous amounts of people picking up their stuff and moving elsewhere , covering a region that stretches from west-african nigeria to just-east-of-india bangladesh , is n't being addressed and this enormous refugee machine will keep on spewing forth ever larger numbers towards europe . 
  we 'll end up with the fact we empowered a turkish religious conservative dictator for . . exactly what gains ? 
  i happen to have a turkish cypriot friend and some turkish friends and i feel like we are betraying all of them to empower an eu-crafted illusion . 
  this anti-refugee policy ai n't ever gon na work . 
   maja kocijancic , commission spokeswoman for enlargement negotiations , said that despite the decision to `` reinvigorate '' turkey 's eu membership talks , there had been `` no change '' in the executive 's support for cyprus . 
  we got some daft motherfuckers running this european shit show . 
  they see economical gain from drawing in closer turkey . 
  turkey gets an eu that is empowering a dictator who is , day by day , grinding away the more liberal and modern values of turkish society . 
  eu , liberal values ? 
  piss off . 
  i 'm really appalled at the ease with which our leadership bends over for even the slightest of economical gains . 
  and yes , i know that this is more about keeping the immigrant deal going for the eu and that erdogan is n't actually interested in joining the eu as it would undermine his position as a despot . 
  when you do n't stand up for your smaller less powerful brothers and sisters in union . . 
  but that 's the turkish way . 
  you got to respect different cultures , good sir . 
  every penny of profit is extorted from them by the supermarket blocs . 
  while the dutch supermarket chains wage price wars against each other , they happily band up when negotiating prices with farmers . 
  and extort them . 
  nice , innit . 
  our government is making an absolute joke of itself by allowing these practices . 
  the portuguese construction workers for a big construction firm were used and abused during the construction of a new highway during the last couple of years . 
  it made the news , but the hague had no fucks to give . 
  shameful . 
  oh , you didnt want the 1 liter glass of cola ?? 
  trenches were used to hamper the effectiveness of artillery . 
  a simple trench will severely reduce the impact of artillery as now you need to land a direct hit . 
  the men would either fire from cover in their trenches or be forced ` to go over the top ' and attack through no man 's land . 
  i assume that direct hits from artillery fire writes a quick end while indirect hits , grenades and weapon fire leave open the chance for survival . 
  with soldiers having to expose their heads to crack a shot , it aint a stretch to imagine that ` survivable injuries ' were often sustained to the front of one 's face . 
  then again , ww1 did not discriminate to the many formats of how to butcher a human . 
  hunger , disease , side effects from bad hygiene , your surroundings and malnourishment added more happy options for you to meet a painful gruesome end . 
  oh , and then there was the use of chemical agents . 
  i suppose that also did its job with inflicting horrific injuries . 
  nonstop buffering while browsing pornhub is the bane of a man 's existence . 
  legend goes he even survived realplayer . 
  italy , please never ever change . 
  the two turkish women i know both have endured physical and mental sexual intimidation and abuse . 
  they are both higher educated women from decent families . 
  it seems to be pretty damn common in turkey . . : /, 
  our governmental policies for kids , parents and housing have been atrocious for years now : \u00a5, 
  i think the lesson we can all learn from tonight is that there are no winners in the esc . 
  he wrote ` take it easy ' , nowadays famous by the eagles rendition of that track . 
  slow down . . well , the parallels are there . 
  it 's humor for 60 year old cat ladies , so no . 
  trade you one for a kanelbullar . 
  their singer has a scottish father which explains why they do n't ` sound ' foreign . 
  i mean , well , scotland , yeah never mind , but you get my point x 'd, 
  i like you . 
  have an upvote for that amazing zinger . 
  autocracy has its merits when you are the actual autocrat , 
  because reality doesnt align with the projected political reality , so reality gets a rain check . 
  do you like people who tell you how to do your job ? 
  google optimizes meta data from your search and browsing history to produce results . 
  . . eh , oh . . . . well , yours and the region you are in , 
  a major part in the expansion of the printing press was the rise of protestantism : all of a sudden common people were allowed to own bibles , that and the fact the printing press allowed for the distribution of treatises and pamphlets . 
  for what it is worth , the port of rotterdam does n't get state benefits like hamburg and antwerp do . 
  the port also was a major hub for trade well before the eu became a thing . 
  rotterdam made itself relevant . 
  he 's reporting it , is n't he ? 
  he is n't a ( war ) photographer . 
  showing overwhelming force and submitting the enemy to the feeling theres no more hope might push them back to the negotiation table and or abandon their support for a rebel faction . 
  people do break at some point . 
  i mean , that 's one possibly answer as to why . 
  those numbers are just for amsterdam , afaik . 
  is that varoufakis ? 
  i wonder if you know how silly you sound right now . 
  democratic deficit . 
  euro . 
  lack of harmonized labour laws and wages with regards to schengen . 
  slow and at times ineffective foreign policy as the result kf the eu structure . 
  king willem-alexander should lead us . 
  hiding behind ` dutch bluntness ' is his defense , heh . 
  i wonder if he realises that by indirectly admitting he truly means what he said ( ' i was n't trying to be hurtful , i was simply being direct ' ) he 's only making matters worse . 
  i do n't get the love this man gets . 
  i guess he wanted to make sure he doesnt keep the job . 
  jebaited, 
  oh my , look at the time !, 
  it 's idiot o'clock once more .
