   still going strong with your comedy routine ? 
  you ignore trumps point and focus on irrelevant details . 
  the irony . 
  yes , because engaging in a discussion is simply too much for t_d'er . 
  brigade on ~, 
  who cares what one 's point is when you 're basing what you 're saying on fake news on events that did n't occur ? 
  oh wait , i 'm trying to be sane and rational with someone who is smoking t_d 's crackpipe . 
  let me put you on ignore ** /, 
  1 ) president of the usa makes misplaced comments based on fake news about sweden . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/02/19/trump-refers-non-existent-refugee-incident-sweden-rally/ he referenced to an event that did not take place . 
  said event was talked about in a fox news show . 
  said reference was n't about what happened yesterday . 
  how hard is it to read and wrap your head around * that * ? 
  sweden is having issues , yes , but when you claim x based on y and both y and x turn out to be bullshit , no amount of ` whataboutisms ' and ` butbutbutism ' is going to bend that wrong into a right . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it would be better to use the 100 points for +1 diplo rep and +1 % prestige to counter-act the slander reputation and ruined relation missions . 
  point 7 applies to your comment . 
  k m7, 
  here 's my take on this news : 1 ) president of the usa makes misplaced comments based on fake news about sweden . 
  2 ) the immediate backlash castigates the president for being woefully uninformed . 
  3 ) the president explains where he got the news from , but does n't backtrack nor apologize . 
  4 ) a magnifying glass is being held over sweden to spot any and all things that might give credibility to the president 's nonsense . 
  5 ) an incident occurs . 
  cause , correlation and wishfulness collide . 
  the significance of the event is ignored . 
  6 ) news and discussion platforms erupt as the political underbelly goes wild . 
  yes , underbelly is a dutchism . 
  7 ) i sigh and facepalm . 
  i need more coffee . 
   https://www.google.nl/amp/www.premiumtimesng.com/news/headlines/216952-boko-haram-5-1-million-nigerians-risk-starvation-2017-un-says.html/amp not that i think this the result of sweden cutting foreign aid or letting in refugees , but some regions of africa are in need of a lot of help in 2017 :(, 
  the issue is that some verbal agreement has been reached so its hard for the police to intervene , apparently . 
  so what you get is that people get warned not to do business with them . 
  hehe . 
  there 's actually some problems with groups of traveling irish handymen who scam people into an agreement for repairs and then do a shit job at it while demanding payment . 
  it might sound ridiculous , but i am not making it up :p, 
   in the future , please try to provide information portraying actuality . 
  a mix of disdain and misplaced haughtiness while the jist of the message , that moroccan youth is overrepresented in crime stats , still rings true . 
  maybe that 's why . 
  i did n't bother replying to him/her because of the tone , 
  crime ? 
  yes . 
  they are way overrepresented in crime stats and a couple of moroccan families are nowadays the major players in the drug trade . 
  moroccan youth gets in contact with the police way more than native dutch youth and the treshold for young moroccans to get involved in organised crime , sadly , is a lot lower . 
  add in the fact that unemployment under young moroccans is * significantly * higher than that of native dutch youth and you can see , knowing that the socio-economic status of the average moroccan is n't that great , how this has become a thing . 
   he has radicalized , ironically . 
  admittedly , the man has been living under constant protection for years now and has n't led ' a normal life ' since . 
  there 's that . 
  the anger and backlash at the establishment ( the political elite and media ) as a result of the murder , the political reply to it and the eventual sentence formed the foundation for the current group of core voters for wilders ' pvv . 
  it 's quite saddening to know that without fortuyn 's murder , wilders would be a political footnote , but because of his murder , wilders got launched from obscurity into the spotlight . 
  he actively dodges any and all responsibility , refuses to come up with concrete plans ( read : thorough and feasible ) , continually purposely alienates himself from a majority of the people and parlement through vile one-liners and comments , feasts on us-versus-them rhetoric and feelings and rides the international populist bandwagon with regards to the eu , globalization , the nato and the un . 
  he 's a populist even tho he believes in the fundamental core message of his political movement . 
  not at all it is worth noting that this is late medieval armor , but i 've personally worn chainmail ( + / - 18 kilo 's for just chest , the arms and a bit of the legs ) and i could run , duck , dive and roll with it . . and my physique back then was anything but impressive :'d fighting does wear you out tho . 
  a solid five minutes will leave you absolutely gassed no matter how fit you are . 
   i mean , if i had to kill a knight i 'd go with a mace or something that could bludgeon him to death rather than trying to cut through his armor but that 's just me . 
  you 'd have to push him over first and then get out a dagger like weapon to stab him in the now unprotected vital bits : eyes , shoulder-to-heart and possibly stuff around the thighs . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hliurd7d1q noise warning thanks to the clattering armor , but this clip will give you an idea of how fights went on down . 
  shatter ? 
  well , that might be a bit optimistic , but what * can * happen is that some axes cleave thro and others will simply get stuck in the shield , meaning that the person now has a very cumbersome and unwieldy shield in his hand / strapped to his arm . 
  javelins pretty much did the same thing . 
  https://decorrespondent.nl/5409/met-het-liberalisme-heeft-de-vvd-niets-meer-te-maken/138632670-0314eb25 this should give you an idea as to why . 
  they like to say they 're liberals , but their political behavior indicates they 're conservatives . 
  have an upvote , because questions should n't be rewarded with downvotes . 
  the dutch system is pretty simple . 
  one side of the coin is our parlement that totals 150 seats , where a coalition can be formed if the party/parties involved can get a majority of the seats ( 76 or more ) . 
  the other side is the senate , who are mostly a quality assurance thing for new and revised laws . 
  the latter has become more political over the years , sort of like how the us can punish a president by voting in another congress , and wilders ' pvv has no sway over the dutch senate . 
  which pretty much means that if he somehow wins , gets a majority and pushes thro new laws and what not , the senate can go ` lol nope ' . 
  this is why wilders acts the way he does : no matter how you twist or turn it , he wo n't hold any responsibility ever . 
  some background information since a ton of comments are getting it all wrong : during the last elections the two eventual winners , the vvd ( conservatives ) and pvda ( labour ) , faced off against each other and somehow people started feeling that they had to vote for one or the other , ignoring the parties they 'd normally vote for . 
  the result was that both vvd and pvda got an abnormal amount of seats , for some reason figured it was best to rule together even tho the only reason they 're so big is because people wanted one side to win ( the irony ) , and now they 're both bound to deflate to their normal size . 
  the pvda however seems to be getting punished for ruling with the vvd , their leadership turning face ( samson is despised by my pvda friends and acquaintances ) and they 're desperately trying to turn the tide . 
  the vvd on the other hand is leaning more and more to the right , becoming a ` decent alternative ' for the anti-foreigner/islam/eu crowd that looks to wilder 's pvv for answers , and now sees the need to alienate the pvv ( we wo n't rule with you ! ), 
  so that they 're even more of a reasonable alternative for that crowd , since wilders wo n't ever rule now . 
  this also means that the vvd wo n't be able to tag-team with labour again and will have to look to parties like the cda ( christian democrats ) and maybe d66 ( liberals ) to get the 76 seats needed . 
  it 's gon na be a fucking mess . 
  we do not allow weed . 
  we condone it for the time being . 
  convoluted solutions are our thing . 
  so so . 
  [ uhuh ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqugxy21ww6iaofgqcgtpayxfghckg0xztiibobroemvq9zkoxh ), 
   he 's hardly lost it ... why he might be going slightly off the rails . . , 
  you are just a debbie downer with unrealistic expectations . 
  the dutch nation has a long history of political rivals working together and finding compromises to keep the country on the rails . 
  sometimes we lean a little to the left , sometimes a little to the right , but one constant since 1560 is a constant influx of immigrants . 
  that wont change , no matter how the populists scream and cry . 
  the question should be ( and will be ) what we can ask and demand of them . 
  this , however , means that a part of the burden will fall onto the shoulders of government and it is precisely * that * which is the problem . 
  for they refuse to shoulder it . 
  in his defense , the angst is rooted in reality what with the amount of death threats he has been receiving for years on end . 
  his adjusted lifestyle , imo , is the reason he is growing more and more bonkers . 
  wilders acting with the sense of responsibility and professionalism you 'd expect from him . 
  an embarrassment for our parlement . 
  that 's one of the most idiotic things i 've read on reddit in a while , congratulations . 
  whataboutism would apply if the magazine supported erdogans policies and behavior . 
  it is pretty obvious they are part of the opposition . 
  thanks for the reminder as to why i rarely venture forth into the comment sections of big posts . 
   this is the new normal . 
  heh , it describes your wacky thinking to a t. 
  contemporary contrarians ? 
  eu4.exe has stopped working .
