  maybe it is different for those on the other side of the prosperic divide , but as a kid who grew up in the 90s i only see concessions being made at my cost , with very little personal profit in return . 
  power is being given away and it has brought us nothing but misery and bickering . 
  in that sense us dutch have more alike with the english than we think . 
  the political reality is that too much has already been invested into the eu and euro for them to take a stepback . 
  even if the train goes off the track it will continue to be pushed forward until it can move no more . 
  the taxpayer can mop up after . 
  what so bothers me about all of this is that , at the core , i am pro europe , but i can not stand this frankenstein we have created . 
  it is like we keep returning to holy roman empire esque constructs :(, 
  it is a right mess , yes . 
  the eu is an overextended entity that is pretending it can handle the responsibilities it has claimed . 
  it can not . 
  the stakes are divided . 
  the interests differ . 
  the framework of its institutions and coinage are shakey . 
  its legitimacy has been non-existent from the start and has only been damaged by what has transpired . 
  its democratic deficit has not been reduced , but has increased . 
  a step back towards what the eeg was would be the best . 
  but that isnt backed by the interests of big money , so we will keep on trying to fit a square through a triangle slot like the special kid we are . 
  1672 all over again * sniffs *, 
  it has nothing to do with education , but interest . 
  politics is a game of interests , compounding them into a faction and ensuring a profit for your side . 
  europe / the eu is n't a technocracy , even if it would love to label itself as one . 
  our ` educated elite ' are n't exactly showing us why we should prefer them . 
  they cling to what gets them re-elected , to what ensures a sweet post-politics job and refuse to make the hard choices because it puts their careers at risk . 
  they represent anything but the common people while being ` people 's representatives ' . 
   just think of how reactionary voting is , and how easily populism can sway people . 
  implementing actual direct democracy would be disastrous . 
  the reason greece is n't being helped is because it would put a bomb under the various european governments that would help them . 
  so instead greece gets to suffer more because of national issues . 
  while we 're stuck in an international union . 
  our politicians sure know what they 're doing and how to guide a nation . 
  cuts to military spending would hurt european arms exports big time . 
  the first time you 'll find a rotterdammer and amsterdammer in agreement . . and we 'll most likely both get downvoted ; 3 heineken is piss . 
  ` the greek hope ' being ` the then current government that divulged none of this information to le common people ' ? 
  nuances sometimes make a world of a difference . 
  putting your hand into someone else 's wallet and killing a lot of people are on a whole different scale of awful . 
  this ^ is ^ sarcasm, 
  fiscal discipline is an international issue : when greece is about to start inning its taxes from the big moneymakers they will be nowhere to be found . 
  okay , not exactly nowhere , they 'll be found in countries like swiss , luxemburg and monaco and maybe an empty mailbox in the netherlands . 
  the eu 's failure in preemptively preventing this goes to show what a bunch of nitwits are in control . 
  we knew who had money . 
  we knew where it would go . 
  we did nothing and are now spanking poor average joe 's for an amount of euro 's they 'll never be able to cough up . 
  the fact that the greeks had to make cuts in their tax departments also did n't help . 
  hell , the netherlands and germany have had issues with their tax services for years now : the dutch government cut a large amount of its tax peeps and as a result , they now ca n't handle their duties . 
  the joke is on us as well . 
  not sure if you 're describing economists or the voters . . 
  she 's a septa . 
  a * septa * !, 
  not a nun . 
  filthy casual show watchers * * grumbles * *, 
  anything is better than mcdonalds or burger king tho . . , 
  you realize that countries like my own , the netherlands , are offering these companies a way out ? 
  and that that 's the reason plenty of nations are not collecting the taxes they could/should be ? 
  the eu could 've helped greece with legislature years ago to ensure part of that $ $ $ would stay in greece . 
  now , heh , that ship has sailed . 
  i 'm sure the onassis family is happily residing in monaco , furiously ranting against syriza to their fellow richmen . 
  toilet legislations ? 
  where you need to show your id and if it says woman , you 're not allowed to go into the men 's bathroom ? 
  arizona made sure you get a hefty 2500 dollar fine if you do it anyways and some jail time on top of that . 
  or did you mean actual sane points , because if so , i ca n't offer you any . 
  i do n't see how the trend of increasing amounts of suicides has somehow stagnated past 2012 since the crisis has deepened since . 
  also , news reports and tidbits of information seem to hint that it is still an on-going thing . 
  that 's how i can say it . 
  health care budgets have been slashed since so the amount of available help for those in psychological need has decreased : surely that is n't going to help to turn the tide ? 
  however , i should 've said ` since the crisis began ' before . 
  http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2015/06/11/public-hospital-governor-10000-people-committed-suicide-in-the-5-years-of-greeces-crisis/ this particular story hit me quite hard . 
  because numbers for 2013-2015 are n't available , 
  maybe because they 've gone up big time * since * ? 
  and piss off many americans who are awaiting structural investments into infrastructure . 
  then again , obama has ` nothing to lose ' . 
  have you seen what americans eat ? 
  we would n't want that . 
   nobody knows the consequences . 
  the direct results are clear . 
  the predicted long-term effects are also known . 
  one can then argue ` that which is yet to happen can not be ever known with complete certainty ' , but no one likes a post-modernist like that ; 3, 
  it 's a sad thing when ` competent and good ' are only elected once things are beyond repair :(, 
  hey now , put that broom down . 
  i know it is n't that simple , but the politicians know how the news serves up what they say in short tidbits . 
  hence the reliance on zingers and powerful keywords . . but you know that :p, 
  because it is easier to condemn greece when all are at fault . 
  sometimes we fool ourselves out of convenience . 
  what ` economic growth ' are you talking about ? 
  the netherlands had a short ` surge ' in economic growth recently that was waved by the government like a flag , to rally the voters behind them . 
  want to know why ? 
  because the eu made changes to how gdp is calculated : http://www.euractiv.com/euro-finance/eurostat-revise-eus-annual-gdp-f-news-532830, 
  the crazy ones are the people who dragged us into the euro . 
  i got my 50 d6s at the ready for my akimbo uzi wielding street samurai !, 
  cynicism is all the rage right now . 
  and so roared the bureaucratic monster , letting the world know its hunger knew even greather depths than it had shown before . 
  i fully expect this number to keep on rising , because no one has been given clear responsibility for 1 ) transgressions and 2 ) fixing that . 
  ` manage your own family , please ' is not a solid foundation for good policy . 
  given enough money you can lube up any and all principles one might have . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  housing , electricity , gas , insurance and food costs are pretty much set and can not be changed on the fly . 
  do n't be silly now : /, 
  that 's the joke : in any given situation would it hurt our bottom line because you 're lending money to a terminal patient . 
  but deflecting blame to others is a politician 's game like no other . 
  the western media did a good job on regurgitating what their governments told them .
