  sadly the same goes for the netherlands . 
  judges everywhere mingle private with public affairs and somehow it 's perfectly okay for them to be obviously biased at times ( like the anti-piracy cases ) . 
  they ai n't ? 
  must be why some judges are members of anti-piracy lobby groups and favored their media friends in the cases against the pirate bay and co. 
  if you knew the price of day-care in the netherlands you 'd start cheering at hearing this plan . . 
  you know what the worst thing is ? 
  you ca n't blame them . 
  they believe in a singular truth which can not be doubted or debated . 
  and that is exactly the reason why abrahamic religions are a big problem . 
  singular truth * s *, 
  . . we already have a big problem , we 're just delusional in thinking we can actually fix it . 
  we 're just pushing it forward now in the hopes that our economies will be strong enough to deal with it later . 
  the sheer idiocy of it is astounding . 
  they 'll need to come together if they want to withstand the outside world . 
  it 's in the best interest of them all to do so . . but hey , what do we know , right ? 
  i 'm sure we can weather this storm , but thanks for the heads-up . 
  so the crucial flaw of not having a single monetary policy ( or precisely that , having one policy that was n't tailored to fit all euro-zone members ) bites us in the ass once more . 
  whoever drawed up the euro-design should be shot . 
  as always , it ai n't that simple and a one-liner like that completely misses the point . 
  that 's the sad thing , it ai n't a small group . 
  small would indicate that they could hide within the big group , but the big group has hiding the small group all year round . 
  i got moroccan family and any all prejudices so far have been confirmed : /, 
  swedish and their crack troops . 
  i 'm no expert , but from what i 've read germans have relatively low purchasing power thanks to their governments policies - which in turn bolster their economy , which in turn pisses/pissed off the french and gave voice to claims of unfair competition within the eu/euro-zone . 
  i 'm surprised this is n't closer to the top : if you speak to a regular norwegian person , they sure as hell wo n't say ` woo , my purchasing power is damn high ! ', 
  because of the insane taxes and costs of products in norway . 
  and seeing the netherlands below lots of other places is hilarious - we love to spend !, 
  but but , the statistics , they must be right ? 
  no man , jesus pumps iron every damned day . 
  my keyboard settings do n't let me add those funky signs , but yes that would be a starter . 
  from what little i 've gathered about it it is a rather . . hard to describe ` club ' . 
  to be fair , what would you call solidarno ? 
  a political party really does n't cover it with them , haha . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha , what.the.actual.fuck . 
  good riddance . 
  sadly , that 's quite an easy thing to do when your term is 4 years tops . 
  which in turn will hurt the reputation of europe amongst the eu citizens for a long time to come . . which goes against actual cultural integration on the lower levels . 
  typical political thinking , 
  yes , exactly - political reasons . 
  and now we 're down the shitter because the people who are supposed to think it through , did n't . 
  he did n't have tv , the telephone and the internet to deal with , 
  integration should be the result of circumstances . 
  you ca n't force integration and create the circumstances , for the populace would never accept it . 
  it 's the same with the way the introduction of the euro and the recent eu ` constitution ' were handled - poorly . 
  you need to show the people that the circumstances are there and that it is a logical result of that . 
  how to do that ? 
  that ai n't my job , but if you got the best of the best working for the eu and you 're paying them a royal salary , they better be able to do that -_-, 
  yes , i know . 
  you can not have a common coin without a common fiscal policy , which begs the question : why did n't they sort that out when they decided to adopt the euro ? 
  the whole thing reeks of incompetence and they 're trying to bury all of that under even more of it . 
  which makes this sting even more , because the people in charge ( such as this minister of finance ) are n't incompetent idiots . 
  what went wrong and why is it still going wrong ? 
  why ? 
  you 're trying to force a square peg through a round hole . 
  maybe you should n't try to turn the eu into something it can not be . 
  note - i 'm not anti-eu , but the idea of integration at this level at this moment in time is beyond naivety , it is stupidity . 
  i think i speak for all us dutchies when i say that i was taken by complete surprise when the news was spread they reached an early agreement . 
  this is going to hurt the pvv in the coming elections . 
  it does work . 
  it fills the pockets of the financial sector just fine somehow : /, 
  hahahaha xd exactly, 
  did you hear bolkesteijn on tv yesterday ? 
  he said that wilders should 've resigned , which made me face-palm so hard my head still hurts . 
  wilders is the only member of the pvv organisation :') he also kept calling roemer ` roemers ' and talked with such disdain about anyone rejective of the vvd policies that it makes me wonder if they awoke him from his hibernation . 
  he sounded like a complete tool . 
  i honestly see a good amount of the votes that pvv and vvd got going back to cda and pvda if both of those parties campaign right . 
  . . and how did the pvv cause a government to fall ? 
  ca n't expect straw walls to weather through a storm . 
  they got to deal with the financial crisis after it already hit . 
  that 's why it took them ages to come up with a ruling agreement . 
  now that another huge issue hits 'em live , they ca n't deal with it . 
  that 's what ` good ' and ` bad ' times refer to - but think whatever you want  vvd and cda knew who they took onboard and proceeded to set sail anyways , knowing well that they 'd jump overboard sooner or later at the signs of trouble ahead . 
  that is the root cause of the situation we 're in , not that wilders had to back out . 
  you did n't need nostradamus ' awesome green pants to be able to predict that one happening . 
  hrm ... they 'd only get 65 votes at the moment - 11 short . 
  but it ` might ' just work . 
  do n't see it happening tho . 
  the spectrum is n't polarised - vvd , pvda , d66 , groenlinks , cda all have co-operated before . 
  the problem is that vvd+cda have ignored the other parties completely , ignoring any and all requests to give them a look at how they want to solve problems and give their input on how to do so . 
  solutions have been cooked by the three ( pvv/cda/vvd ) in the backrooms and whenever a vote or discussion was held in parlement , they already knew exactly what they were going to do or say . 
  so any question that was not answered by that agreement , was ignored . 
  they were talking to a wall that laughed at their worries . 
  now that wall has crumbled and i honestly think that pvda and d66 rather scalp the vvd , cda and pvv than give 'em a chance to play the role of heroes . 
  one they most certainly do not deserve . 
  pragmatism demands though that cda/vvd/pvda / d66 all come together , make some basic decisions to get at or under the 3 % and then issue new elections . 
  but that process has been made near impossible by how cda/vvd have treated the other parties . 
  they acted like cowboys without most noticing and now we all get to pay the price , awesome . 
  right now the [ polls are indicating a major upcoming cluster-fuck ] ( http://maurice.ooip.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/2012-04-224.pdf ) . 
  the current coalition of vvd/pvv/cda loses 13 seats in total so they 'd need a fourth party to make it work . 
  we already know these three by themselves wo n't work , so we can scrap that possibility . 
  the pvv goes from 24 to 19 , the sp goes from 15 to 30 . 
  the pvda goes down to 24 . 
  the sp wo n't ever work with the vvd , the pvda is actively trying to scalp the vvd so i doubt that will happen . 
  pvda and cda are seeking reconcilliation though , but they 'd only come up with 35 seats together . 
  only wacky combinations seem to work - another purple cabinet with vvd/pvda/d66 / groenlinks or a sp/pvv/whatever mix . 
  i really hope that the media starts pointing at the huge role vvd and cda played in getting us into the troubles we 're in now , because they 're truly the ones to blame . 
  if you invite someone over for a business venture and wave away any and all responsibility on their side , you know they 'll just abandon ship when things get rough and they can still get away with part of the plunder . 
  maybe the vvd will finally lose some of the angry-white-men votes ( i sadly know a good bunch of vvd-voters who 'd vote for wilders in a heartbeat if it did n't leave them with a bad taste in their mouth if they had to admit it to their friends and family . 
  yeah , no comment ) . 
  maybe the cda will regain some of their voterbase , but they 'd need to select another leader again which i wo n't see happening .
