  i do believe the sp is gon na lose a vote of 6 to 8 to the pvda and that the only serious option we 'll have is a purple social-liberal cabinet with pvda/d66/vvd but that means rutte will have to return to his original colors - that of a left ` ish liberal . 
  right now the vvd is mimicking some of the pvv 's point of views , albeit in a socially acceptable fashion . 
  the cda have been doing the same . 
  with the advent of the economical crisis hopefully the focus of the populace shifts from crime + foreigners to getting our shit back in order and for that , we need our parties to actually have proper economical situations - something that for example the pvv is severely lacking . 
  tl ; dr we 're fucked unless some votes shift from the more far-out pvv and sp parties to the more centre-leaning ones like pvda and d66 . 
  i wo n't say vvd , because they make me throw up . 
  the pvv is labeled right because of it 's views on immigrants , the islam and it 's dislike of the eu , prefering seclusion and simple trade pacts . 
  they 're in league with two political parties that are taking classic right-wing steps in cutting the budget , but because of the left-wing social views of the pvv , they clash with the vvd and cda . 
  wilders might hold most power in the party , but if a few of his lackies refuse to give the cabinet their vote , he ca n't do much about it . 
  if anyone is to blame , it 's the fools who formed this cabinet in the first place . 
  it ` works ' during good times . 
  they have so far refused to work with any other party ( minus the sgp because of the cda debacle with koppejan and the other parlement member ) . 
  but in bad times it just wo n't work . 
  you got three parties that are ideologically opposed in many ways , a third member that bears no responsibility and who can let things collapse whenever it suits them and because the ruling parties smacked the opposition in the face many times before , they ca n't call on them to step into the breach until we can hold the next elections . 
  rutte and verhagen gambled and lost . 
  wilders just chipped in on their gamble , but never went all-in . 
  we 're all just blinded by our dislike of the pvv and have n't taken the time yet to think it all through . 
  but in a few years , we 'll look back on this and wonder what the fuck we were doing with a minority cabinet in these troubled times . 
  -- i posted this in a response to a blog update of a journalist friend calling out wilders , while in truth , the mistake was made long ago . 
  he aims ` high ' with his goals , but knows that he 'll have to add water to the wine . 
  a retirement age of 60 that gets backing from the populace means you got something to give up at the negotiation table . 
  politicians live in the city and often look with a city-perspective to the rest of the country . 
  leaders are forged in fire , not in bureaucratic systems . 
  a beautiful article on a man who deserves to be remembered . 
  the ` liberal ' vvd party is currently ruling the netherlands , just fyi . 
  our current government is able to ban anything - we got libuhruls in power after all . 
  next up - two nationalities , soon you can only have one passport !, 
  another glorious victory goes to the fear for strangers and foreigners . 
  the girls . . you do n't know what you 're missing . 
  yay , more tight-rope walking . 
  you do n't get it . 
  the eu does n't work as a parlementarian democracy , because decisions do not go through simply because of a majority vote . 
  they want an unanimous decision on anything big and if one country says ` no ' , it generally wo n't happen . 
  there 's lots of material on how the eu works ( such as desmond dinan 's ` ever closer union ' ) and the current events showcase his explanation of how the eu works . 
  so in general , all nations need to be on the same line . 
  that means those heavily in favor often have to add water to the wine and those opposed will have to take at least a few bites of the plate they did n't want . 
  on issues as important as financial regulation and the euro , this is a bit tougher and that explains why 4 years after 2007 we 're still nowhere close to fixing what 's wrong with the financial system . 
  mind you , i have nothing against british people , but the uk government is nothing but a hindrance in battling the current problems . 
  their idea is that the market will sort it out , magically . 
  decisions in europe are heavily influenced by the lowest common denominator . 
  assume germany and france would go as far as 8 with a certain measurement , the uk might insist on a 2 . 
  after negotiating and talking it through , they might settle for a 4 or 5 . 
  more than the uk would 've liked , but less than the others would 've wanted . 
  if it comes to regulation , the uk will drag down any propositions to the point that it now longer ` is ' regulation but rather some new half-assed measures . 
  point in case being the ` blueprint ' they gave the eu one and a half years ago that we used to ` fix ' the banks . 
  yeah . . 
  exactly my point - unfortunately we are n't taking pointers from it , thanks to the brits . 
  . . and islanders do n't give a damn about continentals and just do their own thing ? 
  david landes would 've been proud of us , 
  happy they 're getting away ? 
  they forced deregulation on the rest of us and then lauded themselves as the ` engineers of the blueprint that saved europe ' . 
  yeah , good jobs brits , you really saved us there . 
  more people should check out sweden 's financial crisis in the 90ties . 
  the way sweden handled that should be the blueprint , not this crazy ` believe in the free market and capitalism no matter what ' approach of england . 
  next up : greedy bastards are still greedy bastards . 
  until a few years ago , the chinese did not recognise ` property ' - everything belonged to the state . 
  i think this was changed in 2004 or 2005 , to give you an idea . 
  no , it is n't how ` communism ' works but the chinese government does n't mind forcing their peons to stick those rules . 
  it disgusts me , but that 's the way it is . 
  do n't ask me , ask the people who embrace that point of view . 
  realist thinkers like to think of nations as entities that struggle with one another and realist theories pretty much fuel us policy . 
  so it 's not just china that likes to think in this abstract way when it comes to international politics . 
  why ? 
  the chinese government forces communism on all the other chinese and adhere to capitalist principles themselves . 
  sounds like a win win situation if you look at it from a nation builders perspective - they get to plan long-term , make all the big decisions and harvest what they sow , letting them invest in the future and punish us smaller countries for being divides on the world market . 
  not that i 'd prefer their system here , but it < has  its merits from a purely non-moral pov . 
  hai guys , wan na join the euro ? 
  you might have to help us bail-out the greeks . 
  and later on perhaps the spaniards , italians , portuguese and irish . 
  but other than that , the euro brings you lots of benefits !, 
  breaking news : fox news disregards reality . 
  pirates pirating an election , i ca n't help but love this . 
  came here to post this was absolute drivel , but your description covers it just fine too . 
  the netherlands seem pretty good - we just have to look the east , see how germany is doing and we know what 's up . 
  we 're being dragged down by the loans to greece and the bank bail-outs though . 
  another tax-money black-hole are the people abusing our social security system which is imploding on itself right now thanks to the level of abuse . 
  we dutch are bad enough when it comes to money , but the influx of foreigners abusing this system taught us a lesson in cheating . 
  result ? 
  cut all the things and let the poor people who truly need it suffer . 
  so expect ` better ' results from the netherlands in 3-4 years when we 've finally managed to shake off all those dreadfully poor people who need to hang on to us to stay afloat . 
  * is n't cynical at all *, 
  our framework does n't allow for a proper punishment mechanic to be introduced and as a result the framework will be disbanded sooner or later when the more healthy nations ca n't stand to bear the exorbitant weight of failing nations such as greece . 
  either the failing ones budge in and accept new punishment mechanics or the eu will enter a decade of cynicism that might just kill it . 
  as for how to get out of this one - avoid populism , focus on the cold hard facts and get the scientists ( economists , historians , politics and international relationship experts and what not ) onboard to showcase that there 's no other alternative . 
  if they still wo n't budge , they should be considered dead weight to be tossed overboard - which will send a strong message to the other failing states to either comply or be left at the side of the road and die . 
  anyone else surprised he is n't nigerian ? 
  my bad , just followed the link on the right and blindly posetd :p, 
  netherlands . 
  it sounds nicer than ` no , you belong to us ' . 
  ** after completing a bachelor 's and master 's degree in electrical engineering and economics respectively at the university of strasbourg [ 5 ] ** from wiki . 
  it 's not like he knows nothing about it at all ;d, 
  1 ) he wants to appoint a special eu commissary just to keep watch over budgetary issues with member states and if needed , to supervise and guide the transgressors as detailed in the 3 steps . 
  2 ) 1 : the commissary can force the member state to use the numbers and stats that the statistic bureau of the commission came up with and not their own . 
  this to ensure that no tricks can be used . 
  2 ) 2 : if the member state fails to comply to budgetary rules and has been through step 1 without showing any improvement , the member state can be forced to adopt measures to sort out its budgetary problems . 
  if needed , the member state can also be fined . 
  he speaks about how member states that fail to comply with budget rules can be forced to pay more contribution to the eu . 
  he says that payments out of the cohesion and structure funds will be made more dependant on how well a nation complies to the budgetary rules ( sorry , i do n't know anything about this so i ca n't elaborate . ), 
  i have n't read anything about kicking out member-states in what you 've copy/pasted . 
  the more you transgress the rules , the more supervisement you get and that means you 'll have less room to wriggle in .
