  under sarkozy the french government edged ever closer to a common euro policy , but it took hollande some time to say ` non ' and walk away from austerity . 
  it still is n't a 100 % known what the french will do in the coming months . 
  now , there 's way more to this than what i just typed up . 
  how is the french economy doing ? 
  according to the media ? 
  according to actual knowledgable economists ? 
  how did it undergo the era before austerity , during austerity and now the coming post-austerity era ? 
  and how much of the ups and downs are actually caused by austerity ? 
  what social problems were worsened/caused by it ? 
  it really is n't simple , especially for a country with such a complex economy as france . 
  but with the increased amount of money that is distributed through and by the eu , has n't fraud/misspending increased ? 
  examples are the building of infrastructure in countries like poland , agriculture silliness in the form of olive orchards ( not sure if that 's the right word ) and other subsidiary shenanigans . 
  also , thank you for doing this ama !, 
  biased how ? 
  i 'm dutch , pro-europe ( but not pro-the-current-european-union ) and vehemently dislike the russian government . 
  i see one side acting as one , knowing exactly what it is going to do next , while the other side stumbles after the facts , unable to make a fist and throw in a swing because the russians keep changing the game by escalating things further and further . 
  but i understand that my view on it might cause some people to wonder what i 'm smoking ( sorry , i do n't do drugs ) or if i 've been drinking ( espresso , yes , alcohol , no ) . 
  fair enough :p, 
  if you got nothing to contribute , do n't post . 
  it is n't hindsight !, 
  putin said it face to face during a meeting president george bush . 
  i provided a link in the post you replied to . 
   we ( the west ) could simply destroy their economy if we stopped buying their gas , it would seriously hurt our economy but there comes a point were the goal of stopping russia becomes more important then a economic recession . 
  this is an impossibility . 
  it is unexplainable to the big corporations that made deals with russian corporations , it brings our energy sector into serious danger and the economic backlash will screw any party that is in power over during the next elections . 
  europe is barking at russia to release the ukraine from its jaws , but it is going to take more than barking . 
  honestly , the only feasible conclusion to this conflict right now is a compromise - which will result in russia achieving its goals . 
  hardly ideal . 
  i did n't mention the baltic because i do n't foresee it being a point of expansion for russia . 
  they 'll apply pressure , as they always do , but nothing more than that . 
  perhaps if it an opportunity presents itself . . , 
  it has nothing to do with what i think or feel , it 's simply the way it is : russia warned the west not to interfere in the ukraine or they 'd step up to defend their interests . 
  the west interfered plenty of times ( notably by topping a pro-russia president and replacing him with a pro-european president ) and pushed the russians to action . 
  of course i 'm with you on the fact that what the russian leadership is doing is repulsive , but the ` game ' has its rules and the west fucked up . 
  my direct solution ? 
  that question alone answers the root of the problem : europe is a cumbersome bureaucratic beast that needs to reach consensus before it can act . 
  this has been used and abused by the russians . 
  want to keep the eu from acting ? 
  escalate a conflict before they can reach consensus , do it again and again . 
  a great article was posted here some weeks ago : http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141769/john-j-mearsheimer/why-the-ukraine-crisis-is-the-wests-fault . 
  it got mixed reviews from the posters , but the author explains it perfectly : the west knew what it would get if they kept on barging into russian 's sphere of influence . 
  they did so anyways , but somehow were n't prepared when the barking dog suddenly bit . 
  since it is an european affair and the americans are occupied elsewhere , it is/was up to the eu to fix it . 
  they could n't . 
  besides , our individual economical interests keep us from acting as one against russia . 
  this has been repeatedly said over the last 10 years as dependency on russian gas and oil grew and contracts and deals were made . 
  this is a side-effect of that . 
  the uk is in a good shape how ? 
  the financial sectors is up to its old tricks and the industrial sector is n't growing . 
  they 're doing okay given the circumstances , but i would n't say they 're in a good shape . 
  that 's a stretch . 
  victory . 
  soon the west and russia will meet at the negotation table to discuss the future of ukraine . 
  there they 'll make sure they achieve their strategic goals of the ukraine conflict . 
  after that , it is kazachstan - far away from any and all western intervention . 
  as for russian society , picture this : the west boycots your companies , refuses and blocks imports/exports . 
  the media will spin it so that the west will take a huge part of the blame for the economical malice . 
  the eastern ukraine might even become a haven for investments and go through an economic boom - further proof that the west does n't hold the interests of eastern europe at heart . 
  the west blundered by pushing through more sanctions . 
  this forces the russians to the table while it turned on a deathclock for the western governments . 
  they can not sustain sanctions that cause economical harm for their own countries for too long . 
  no progress has been made at achieving peace and reconcilement in the east of the ukraine so every day that comes by causes the cracks to deepen until the connection between the east and the rest simply breaks . 
  the americans must be screaming in frustration on the other side of the pond at how the europeans are handling this crisis . . 
  yes , drive the russians to the negotation table !, 
  good job europe , because that 's exactly what they want . 
  they 'll insist on a compromise , knowing very well that they hold a key card in their hands : they can call the rebels/insurgents/patriots ( you pick ) off or make sure they do n't put their weapons down . 
  without a single shot the west will hand a part of eastern ukraine to the russians . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a serious question ? 
  or . . it will pop , the governments wo n't push for financial reforms and regulations , and we 'll work our way back to the old situation . 
  how about that ? 
  i suppose you do not pronounce his last name as ` can eat ' ? 
   on the countryside there is the sentiment that those people in the randstad / grachtengordel are making stupid government rules and are living in a hippie fantasy world disconnected from what really matters . 
  they 're onto something . 
  you 're amsterdam 's dingleberry . . 
  having no integrity is one of the job requirements for politicians . 
  it is n't useless land . 
  the people on it ( namely the taliban and various warlords ) are making sure it * is * useless . 
  afghanistan is rich in minerals , but lacks the capital , expertise and organisations to mine them . 
  . . that 's not how we make cheese in the netherlands . . 
  so we must approach them from . . behind ? 
  so . . not better-functioning in every way . 
  ive been ashamed of the dutch governments ever since balkenende left office . 
  former yugoslavia was a showcase of european inability . 
  the problem then still persists now . 
  germany would hate to see its economy suffer so turning a blind eye to what 's happening is a much prefered alternative . 
  besides , the french government is in shambles , the dutch government is a mockery of what a government should be and the euro-zone is down the shitter : what political will and power could be mustered to make a combined fist against the russians ? 
  crimea will be russian soon and the whole world stood by and watched . 
  i happen to know a cypriot and she moved to the uk to study along with some 10 + / - friends of hers . 
  they do n't plan to stay there after graduating though . 
  sparta does n't have that many young fans . 
  he is n't punishing them ` for ego ' . 
  he knows the seeds for division have been sown and they only need time so that they may grow . 
  well , that and a crisis to ensure their growth is hastened . 
  see my other post as to how i perceive the russians are handling this situation . 
  it is quite ingenious , though utterly detestable . 
  then you simply do not get it : it has nothing to do with personal opinion , personal feelings or emotion . 
  it is realpolitik , cold and calculated , and russia is playing the game well . 
  so far . 
  me saying ` russia can play ball ' is not me saying ` it is okay , they can do this ' , it means ` they know they can go * this * far before the other side has to step in ' . 
  this they have so far done perfectly .
