  in a way it is nothing more than political rhetoric while the real issue lingers on . 
  typically dutch : /, 
  what boggles my mind is that we had to hand in liberty after liberty because of the perceived threat of terrorism yet we let hundreds of thousands of undocumented people march across europe . 
  people who come from a war torn region infested with the very terrorists we are so afraid of . 
  to use a dutchism , that just does n't rhyme . 
  my take on it is that this immigration wave helps germany fix its aging demographic . 
  expensive ? 
  yes , but with the current surplus it is probably the cheapest way of doing jt . 
  * the eu is a dumpster for failed politicians . 
  the eu is a dumpster for failed politicians . 
  right :'), 
  right wing parties love the cheap labour . 
  the eu and our government are doing everything they can to convince people to consider him tho : 's, 
  there 's a traditional top 3 : cda ( christian democrats ) , pvda ( social democrats ) and the vvd ( fiscal conservatives that prefer the label ` liberals ' ) . 
  the vvd has shuffled in and out of the spotlight as a ` big party ' over the last 30 years , but with the downfall of the cda seemed to have stepped up on the ladder . 
  then there are second tier parties : d66 ( progressive liberals ) , sp ( socialists who can get a decent amount of seats/votes , but never any power ) and the pvv ( wilders ) . 
  the current government uses third tier parties to get the few extra votes needed to push through stuff , but the above is about it . 
  there ai n't tens of parties that matter . 
  hell , we got about five parties that matter and during election debates they invite a random 6th to balance it out so there 's 3 ` lefts ' and 3 ` rights ' present . 
  vvd : socially acceptable alternative to wilders ' pvv . 
  * the * party for angry white people that love to vent their ` underbelly ' . 
  fiscal conservatives , lovers of keeping things the way they are and self-proclaimed ` crusaders for less rules ' . 
  funnily enough , they just keep on adding more rules and taxes . 
  they get a lot of votes from scared house owners because the eu insists we change our mortgage tax deduction scheme or get rid of it all together . 
  the vvd is pro-mortgage tax deduction and ( in my opinion ) won the last elections on that point alone . 
  pvda : traitors to their roots and cause . 
  sold out their principles and campaign promises so many times that no one considers them worth a damn . 
  they 're going to get absolutely buttfucked during the next elections . 
  without any lube or foreplay . 
  social democrats in name only . 
  cda : christian democrats that used to be big , but thanks to leading a couple of failed governments lost the trust of many voters and are now at best a second rate power in politics . 
  outdated , a cry from the past , not of this time . 
  also , not trustworthy . 
  d66 : real liberals . 
  in that they love talking about their principles and ideas , but when given the opportunity to put into practice simply side with the powers that be and make a mockery of their beliefs and campaign promises . 
  their leader needs to go . 
  the sooner the better . 
  a party for students and ` progressive ' adults that do n't feel the need to vote on a ` racist light ' party like the vvd . 
  sp : radical socialists . 
  or rather , they 're socialists who preach what they believe . 
  which seems radical to many , because socialism is scary and spooky . 
  oddly enough they have been super duper quiet the last few years while everything that 's going on right now falls right in their alley . 
  i think they 're having some serious power struggles within the party at the national and local level . 
  they 're simply invisible right now . 
  always a dark horse during the election , but a non-player after the votes have been counted . 
  pvv : left-leaning social and economical policies mixed with draconic anti-immigration and islam policies makes for a right-wing party . 
  right ? 
  i disagree , but the pvv is a party that is not considered to be in good taste by many . 
  they get the votes from the angry , the unheard and those who want to ` vote against the powers that be ' . 
  with what 's going on , i think they might get even more votes than before , but the other political parties make sure they 're a non-player in actual policy making . 
  wilders himself also does everything he can to make sure his party does not need to bear any responsibility . 
  make of that what you will . 
  then there is a small group of fringe parties of which the green lefts are the biggest . 
  they got a super young party leader that got them quite some attention , but that seemed to have died down already . 
  perhaps it will become ' a thing ' again during the next elections , but if not , they wo n't score above 8 seats . 
  the dutch parlement has 150 , 
  sock-puppets for big interests ( insurance firms , banks , tobacco lobby and so on ) that are only around to secure an excellent future job at a big firm , advice council or somewhere in the eu . 
  dutch politics is a stepping stone for assholes . 
  sgp for sure . 
  the vvd are also a bunch of nutters . 
  pvda are traitors . 
  sp are too radical for most . 
  d66 are all talk and then contradictionary action . 
  and wilders simply is n't even an option for many voters . 
   it has nothing to do with altruism , but about responsibility . 
  which europe has not accepted/taken on in ages . 
  no intervention in syria , no serious intervention against is and a reactionary mode instead of a pre-emptive one . 
  that 's my view on it . 
  the right thing would 've been to act decisively in syria and iraq . 
  to not run the african economies into the ground by lifting up taxation walls to stiffle their exports and using their markets as dumping grounds for byproducts and excess stuff . 
  by making a meaningful change outside of europe . 
  but nah , let us instead use this mass migration wave to drasticly alter the aging demographics of our nation instead and call it an act of altruism . 
   at the end of the day , it clearly falls upon member states to decide , to choose and to share the burden . 
  otherwise , one government after the other will reintroduce border controls once their nation 's capacity of will for welcoming refugees reaches its limits . 
  germany has already made the decision for the other eu nations that the refugees are welcome in any number . 
  that does not mean that other nations need to accept that . 
  germany put a bomb under schengen by shouting ` you are welcome in germany ! ', 
  while knowing that the eu framework for accepting and processing migrants doesnt work that way . 
  the article is a convoluted mess of bad representations of reality and emotional pleas . 
  the irony wills it that it is cheaper for the dutch state to have elderly people live in turkey or morocco . 
  til human misery is hilarious . 
  i understand he is trying to make a point , but the title does not rhyme with the enormous death toll : the truck in austria , the boats that do n't make it . 
  one should not resort to jeopardizing such human catastrophes to make a political point . 
  courtesy of the left ? 
  really ? 
  it is n't . 
   to anybody who says the idea that russia would try to annex gotland is ridiculous , well i 'd say 99 % of people in this subreddit would have said that the idea of russia annexing crimea was ridiculous as well , before it actually happened . 
  luckily for you they ai n't no experts . 
  russian diplomats and politicians have openly told western colleagues that to mingle in the ukraine was to provoke russia . 
  there 's a reason that ir experts are heavily critizing the eu and european leadership . 
  compared to the situation right now ? 
  yes , putting assad back into power would help stabilize the region no matter from what angle you 're looking at it . 
  we got plenty of criminals , we just do n't seem to have the processing power to get convicted people into jail . 
  recently a man murdered his own sister and a former politician , but only after he had willingly turned himself in at the police because he had been convicted by a judge to x jail time . 
  . . yet the police sent him away . 
  sorry , i wish ours were too empty because of a lack of crime :(  http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/09/former-health-minister-els-borst-was-stabbed-41-times/ added a link to a recent news blurb on the story . 
  they have a cultural inclination for rpgs , ak47s and dingy 's . 
  if they think it works that way , they 're fools . 
  immigration does one thing to a welfare state and one thing only : it erodes social cohesion to the point that one group does n't want to pay for the benefits of the other no more . 
  heh , * greek * .
