  theyve been burning mp on suppressing the kurdish states tho , so i wouldnt be too sure . 
  low republican tradition , good luck buying that stab back up with your shitty 1/1/4 leader . 
  turkey tanked their prestige which also ai n't helping . 
  mesa do n't believe it . 
  the netherlands followed a path of specialist industrialization , its more internationally minded branches exploring and venturing down new paths as globalization struck in the late 19th century . 
  shipbuilding and dredging are two prime examples of this and , perhaps not to your surprise , are intricately linked to one another . 
  the latter gave the former an area of expertise that was much desired , because this new age with its steel ships required new ports and waterways . 
  dredging facilitated that need . 
  one main reason the netherlands did n't industrialized earlier is that the nation lacked easy access to both coal and steel ( * the * basis for any industrial boom back then ) , but as the german rhineland developed and formed its path to and from the rest of the world through rotterdam , so did they find the coal and steel they needed . 
  by then the more well known mass production industries had already been established so venturing into those was something that was done on a small scale level . 
  it meant that money was available for more specialized ventures . 
  dutch ventures also happily imported experts and expertise to get things going , gradually mastering the art themselves and turning it into something quite their own . 
  so while belgium , by then , was far ahead in the industrial game , the netherlands were still raking in mad amounts of money from its indonesian holdings . 
  the routes both nations took are very interesting on their own , but become even more fascinating when you start comparing them . 
  finally a politician who 's delivering on the promise of more jobs . 
  am i the dutch government ? 
  did i vote for either of the two parties that are in power now ? 
  or the parties that ruled before them ? 
  the answer to all of that is ` no ' and yes , i did complain about my country not giving them aid * then * . 
  so now the hot potatoe is worth picking up , eh ? 
  unabashed bastards , this should 've been done years ago when both italy and greece came a knocking for help . 
  the woman you see is liduina , patron saint of the chronically sick , ice skaters and the city of schiedam . 
  yes , an odd combination indeed . 
  there 's quite a few girls in this area who are named after her , 
  frietkotsympathisant . 
  ikea reject . 
  thanks for this interesting and enlightening bit of knowledge !, 
  til , 
  . . clearly the outsiders see the potential of filling up the ijsselmeer with woonboten whereas we do n't !, 
  can i have some fries with those tasty memes you 're grilling ? 
  lillekuk can be the name of the swedish flagship +1, 
  just point any doubters at your fine women and they 'll come to accept you in no time !, 
  did you know that the us banned the use of foreign built dredgers after a couple of dutch companies helped them with a particularly nasty flood event somewhere around 1900-1910 ? 
  i think its still in effect . 
  funny how the nation that speaks loudest of free trade will do anything to protect its own industries . 
  holland can loan skanderbeg some condottieri . 
  if trump is anything to go by , it is all about that twitter nowadays . 
  the paper tiger roars . 
  . . q_q ', 
  he said praise . 
  to nitpick , saying you are thinking about him in your prayers aint praise , 
  http://www.parool.nl/recensies/documentaire-over-ahmed-aboutaleb-is-voor-de-fans-even-slikken~a4215894/ . . sadly , all the stuff on it is in dutch . 
  the pvda is a social democratic party , so yeah they should be comparable . 
  in theory , 
  aboutaleb will get buried the moment he runs . 
  the fact he did not want his daughter to marry a non-muslim ? 
  that right there is the landmine that will go off the moment he steps forward . 
   book smart if only . 
  baudet spews forth lies and nonsense . 
  i 'd never vote for him , but i had expected more from him nonetheless what with the man being a ` genius ' and ` scholar ' . 
  m8 :'( the beginning is all about hiw alfred 's father meets his mother , how they fall in love and then dedicate their lives to caring for their kids . . only to be killed in a car accident , with only alfred surviving . 
  it is heart wrenchingly sad :( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  joking aside , the entire middle-east and egypt are getting a big update in the next patch . 
  hormuz will be bik and stronk !!, 
  i thought it was italian , probably because the first time i had it was in italy x 'd, 
  it sounds like you need to grow up , because it is obvious you are letting personal experiences reflect on your opinion in an altogether unproportional manner . 
  calling homosexuality ( and thus by extension gays having sex ) unnatural is outright silly . 
  it 's just sex . 
  the horror !, 
  hey man , we had a dude who like kept our government from falling for once so yeah , he 's totally awesome . 
  right ? 
  that 's the general sentiment pretty much . 
  appearances  actual policy and administrative performance . 
  they pass it on until eternity to their kids . 
  with the way both turkey and morocco keep reaching out to their ` nationals abroad ' , some see it as hindering integration , because youngsters will have a notion of a second motherland . . one where not even their parents were born or used to live . 
  it is because the right doesnt want to compromise on this as dual citizenship for turks and moroccans is a hot issue here and one they oppose . 
  so the uk/dutch crowd gets to suffer to keep up the appearance theyre still opposed to it . 
  but until the moroccan and turkish government stop forcing a passport/nationality on people , this wont ever change so you decide whether its typical rightwing populism or not . 
  het is leiden !, 
  oh , this is good . 
  your inferior north-holland flair will look like a sad wallflower next to our amazing and beautiful south-holland flair . 
  try making it a sternly written letter by the un . 
  now that will get the job done . 
  just pick the dutch frysian flag . 
  best of both worlds :'), 
  says the frietkot demagogue . 
  my condolences to all those who lost someone to this horrible act . 
  also , do n't scroll down , because the discussion is an absolute shit show . 
  people were murdered under horrible circumstances . 
  what else do we need to do other than show our sympathies and compassion for those that were left behind ? 
  exactly , shut up and pay our respects . 
  eh , ok . you 're telling the mods to make lists of ' / r/europe confirmed and recognised genocides ' , but we 're the ones being silly here . 
  check . 
  o_o ' ~, 
  why ? 
  just use your brain for pete 's sake and do n't be a bellend . 
  nearly . 
  signs are all the same . 
  you admit with your choice of word they aint the same yet here we are , with you saying they are x 'd, 
  because they cost money . 
  the dutch police is understaffed and underpaid and we have been ` blessed ' with glorious right wing leadership for over a decade now . 
  even the uk has skimmed on police funds in the last few years . 
   next to the great jewish global conspiracy and the overbearing smell of onions . 
  is that really still a thing ? 
  haha , the vvd being tough on crime or somehow stopping migrants . 
  if anything , they blew up our justice and police system through mismanagement and incompetence and guess what , there are still over 5000 polish people in my city of under a 100.000 . 
  or are we talking muslim immigrants here ? 
  but yes . 
  frustrating the integration efforts of refugees really helped remind refugees that they are not welcome here . 
  that is something they accomplished .
