  and since you started flaming me , here 's my take on it . 
  i on a personal basis find the russian government to be utterly detestable , but when you look at it from a scholarly point of view ( such as the author of the piece in the openings post ) it becomes clear that the russian leadership knows exactly what it 's doing and has known so from the start whereas the europeans have not , and still do n't . 
  i 've been raging to my friends and family how the russians have been escalating the situation step by step , knowing exactly how much time the european governments need to form a consensus so that they can project one european voice to the outside world , and the russians made sure they could n't by escalating the crisis further . 
  in the mean time the cracks in the ukrainian political and geographical landscape are starting to show and it is only a matter of time before the cracks run so deep that europe will have to accept a compromise that the russians are most willing to accept . 
  but not willingly so to the outside world of course . 
  they 'll moan and groan , stating how ` unfair ' the west is . 
  the underlaying necessity for trade and energy dependence means that russia can play ball as long as it does n't cross the line . 
  where this line is up to the international community , but so far the community has n't come to agreement . 
  meanwhile , the ukraine is being divided ever further until it cracks and breaks , dropping the part that russia so desires into its lap . 
  i can totally understand where the writer is coming from and agree with the sentiment that the european and american officials blundered in all of this . 
  where has the game changed ? 
  in europe , yes , but outside of it ? 
  and putin knows that exactly because of trade and growth that europe can not do without russia . 
  look at how germany has handled this crisis ; it only confirms for putin that he was right . 
  and it ai n't a war until one side has declared it to be a war . 
  in the end , putin is only a figurehead . 
  he can be replaced , russia can change its outwards voice , and salvage its reputation a little . 
  but will the powers behind the curtain change or be replaced ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  europe failed once more and its main failing was the inability to speak and act as one voice . 
  i think that what you 're saying is n't a high priority on the agenda of the powers that be . 
  europe invested heavily in russia 's energy infrastructure and is heavily dependent in russian gas . 
  look at germany 's response to the ukraine crisis : it is highly tempered by the knowledge it needs russia . 
  that 's why putin knows he can get away with it . 
  and he will . 
  if need be , he disappears from the main stage for a while to let someone else give the world the impression russia has changed . 
  in the end russia will get what it wants and make up with europe . 
  and the ukraine will be left wondering what happened and why europe let it down . 
   a cold war mentality . 
  russia is protecting its interests . 
  the reason the us backs israel is because israel extends american interests in the middle-east . 
  the reason the us goes against iran is because iran challenges american interests in the middle-east . 
   now this russian mentality is ultimately russia 's fault . 
  if russia were n't so imperialistic , if it accepted that it lost the cold war and moved on , i 'm pretty sure it would be greeted with open arms in an alliance with the west , be it nato or even the eu . 
  how peaceful would the world be if russia had moved on to a truly democratic and free society , working for mutual benefit with its european partners ? 
  hell , russia would be a powerful decider from within the western alliance . 
  this is dreamer 's talk . 
  a working democracy requires a cultural platform and that can only be established over time . 
  russia did n't have that and when its old form of government blew up , all riches were looted by various individuals and groups . 
  those same individuals and groups are now the political powerhouses in russia . 
  why would they ever want a truly democratic and free society to take form ? 
  example : the rich in the us are crusading against the unions , because it benefits them . 
  yet unions benefit society as a whole because it protects the rights and standard of living of a fragile working class . 
  another example would be how austerity measures within the eu cut deeper in the gaunt body of the poor than the meatier body of the rich . 
  it 's simply how politics and society works : people defend their interests . 
   but it has n't evolved , and the west did disregard that fact . 
  it does n't make it all the west 's `` fault '' of course , but the west should have understood that russia has n't changed its confrontational mentality . 
  the west invaded or intervened in how many countries over the last 25 years ? 
  how many nations has it ` bullied ' to make them adopt the western way ? 
  i 'm not trying to paint russia as a good guy here , i 'm trying to point out that the way russia plays the international game is simply how the international game * is played * by all big nations . 
  that 's why there 's such a field as international relations . 
  sorry , i hope i did n't sound rude or denigrating . 
  governments like to show their moral flags when the other side does this or that , but then fail to show said flag in their actual actions . 
  it is n't ridiculous . 
  in fact , it is a well-written article that can serve as a lay-man 's introduction to international relations and than especially as an introduction to realpolitik . 
  you may disagree with it on moral grounds ( as do i ) , but this is how the ` game ' is played at the international level , and how it has been played for ages . 
  the eu actually breaks this mold ( all be it just within europe ) and might show other regions ` the way ' , which is why the european experiment is observed with great interest by scholars from all over the world . 
  because it is a piece written from the viewpoint of an international relations expert and a well written one at that . 
  large nations have spheres of influence and when other powerful nations start messing with that , it leads to friction . 
  the us and the european union knew exactly what would happen in the ukraine , because it had been made perfectly clear by russia . 
  in that sense , the author is absolutely right that the west 'cause d' this crisis . 
  that you disagree on the fundamentals of realpolitik and those who practice it , is more than understandable . 
  but realpolitik still drives the foreign policy of plenty of nations . 
  because we did n't push through any actual reforms targeted at the two root causes of the problem : the flawed euro and its monetary policy , and the financial sector ? 
  the uk cockblocked the latter , the nature of the euro makes the first impossible . 
  our european car salesmen will present to us another vehicle that will ` solve all of our problems ' so do n't you worry , everything will be a-okay . 
  some day . 
  [ damn straight ] ( http://www.departures-international.com/_resources/persistent/c2897129c40f1634793b30b3fa702e22ab9a737f/p4-andrea-pirlo.jpg ) . 
  this is gold . 
  it somewhat explains sweden 's issues with gender . . what did you do , denmark !, 
  just a tip , but you can get rid of the swedes by telling them that these swimming competitions discriminate gender . 
  hookers and blow . 
  during every election we get to hear every party selling their policy ideas as ` fair and social ' yet we are still a tax haven that pulls away money from other nations . 
  not that it would matter since those companies and groups would just use one of the other tax havens out there , but still . 
  the promise of a penny or two can turn people and governments into deviant slut monkeys . 
  another tip for jeans : you should wash them inside out . 
  i 'm sure he 's sure , because h&m simply produces low quality clothing . 
  after all , you get what you pay for . 
  h&m used to be good some 10 years aog . 
  nowadays it is the mcdonalds of clothing stores . 
  well if i tried it the government would empty my pockets after slapping me in the face with a fine and jail time . 
  so yeah , however you want to look at it . 
  jean d'euro , jan van de euro , john euro ` sley , joao d'euro . 
  we need a lot of things , but a wacky backroom trade agreement ai n't one of them . 
  the construct of ` europe ' might need it , but us regular euro-joes sure do n't . 
  what we need is for the ecb to stop favoring germany , to get rid of austerity and get our collective heads out of our asses . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  culture in the end is a human construct and like lego , we can re-arrange the building blocks any way we want . 
  repeat the message that ' x is racism ' and eventually , it might just become the truth . 
  that is not to say that some people do not truly experience sinterklaas as racist - but feeling something , and it actually being what you feel , are two different things . 
  emotions , like anything human , can be wrong . 
  religious differences separate the two , not ` politics ' . 
  you say that , but one has the money to make things happen while the other relies on international help . 
  i 'd bet on the money making the difference in the long run here : /, 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  this shit is tiresome . 
  that first bit is a twist on the truth that is most convenient for those in power , but i 'm not going to go discuss how the rental prices are way too high for what you get , which in turn is thanks to the overpriced houses which we got that lovely hra to thank for , which is what the government wants to keep alive . 
  if you 're rich or well-off , the netherlands ai n't so bad . 
  too bad that club is shrinking and it is n't because ` we are too negative ' or we ` are doing just fine ' . 
  yes , some of us are doing fine .
