  we can use taxpayers money to bring the immigrants up to speed . 
  they 're usually only behind on education , the ideas of democracy and liberal values such as womens rights and gay marriage . 
  oh , and they have no money so we 'll need to help them get settled . 
  so hi middle class , please give monies . 
  the lower class sees their neighbourhoods swamped with new people that do not share their culture , language and ( if applicable ) religion . 
  slowly but steadily they ` lose ' their neighbourhoods and a good amount of them turn to shit . 
  politicians do n't listen to them and causes the few extremer voices to get a listening audience . 
  the middle class does n't notice what 's going on until economic hardships come by . 
  hey wait , all of this is being paid for with our money ?!, 
  but the circle continues , because economic growth must be achieved at all costs . 
  future problems are just that - none of our concern . 
  rational discussion ? 
  on immigration ? 
  that would be a first : - x, 
  it 's hard to accept a culture that undermines the basic tenets of your civilization - democracy , freedom and liberty . 
  they must 've been devo fans . 
  . . what the . . 
  van rompuy has been telling us ` the economy is finally recovering ' since 2009 . 
  the euro has been one big tumble down shit mountain and we still have n't hit rock bottom . 
  the lobby groups got a choke-hold on european policy - look at financial institutional reforms and regulations , the whole seed/crops thing , european fishing activities , european policy on the internet , media and piracy - and are outside the reach of us ` mere voters ' because of how the eu is organised . 
  the eu still has n't managed to bundle up its many voices and project it outwards as one strong voice to get some influence on the world scene , instead the eu members still get played out against one another by countries like russia , the us and china . 
  no , why would i trust an institution that has fewer obligations to me than my own government - when that government uses the eu as a scapegoat for its failures and mistakes ? 
  the democratic deficit wo n't be fixed anytime soon and the euro will continue to showcase the core flaws of the union that wo n't be fixed in the next 20-30 years . 
  maybe i should invest in some pink glasses . 
  . . yeah , why am i still amazed that this stuff exists on reddit . 
  you pick what is most opportune . 
  that 's why you can be both a filthy liberal with no morals and a scumbag racist who only cares about golden haired people . 
  is it necessary to do something ? 
  then let us not do it until it is necessary . 
  the necessity to score high in the polls for your next term stiffles policy-making and has it in a chokehold in the netherlands . 
  the policy that is coming through either resonates well in the polls or is pushed upon government by the eu or the provinces and cities . 
  doing nothing has never before been so lucrative for policy-makers . 
  you 're applying your morals and ethics on others there though . 
  that sadly is n't how reality works :p, 
  some , but the queen fulfilled her duties admirably and she certainly helped dutch interests abroad during her many years of service . 
  even if you are against the idea of monarchy ( like me ) , it is hard to find a reason to dislike queen beatrix for her work . 
  if anything , she was a rare constant in a decade of chaos . 
  everything went to shit after pim fortuyn got murdered - a lot of cabinets fell and even now the political turmoil persists . 
  oddly enough , for someone who 's so against monarchy , i 'm sure i 'm going to miss her . 
  or a matter of principles . 
  a battlefield is seen differently by all spectators - some see a pointless fight , others a just a cause being championed for . 
  * shrugs *, 
  appeasement . 
  perhaps to come across as tolerant ? 
  and excepting ? 
  making sure that people do not have to adapt is also a sure way to make 'em integrate , 
  cut the budget and through that a lot of social ( and medical ) services , but still end up spending the same amount through bail-outs for banks and other emergencies ? 
  welcome to the netherlands and its blundering government and economy , where we see the banks as the motor of our economy and will spare no expenses to get it back running at full speed again . 
  well , as long as it ai n't the bank 's money of course . 
  yours might be , but i know plenty of people who are barely makings ends meet . 
  they 're spoiled in that they got to know what it was like to at least have a little bit of money left at the end of the month . 
  and now it 's an almost guaranteed certainty that they wo n't . 
  sweden echoes rural sentiment , so this comes as no surprise . 
  i hate it how i ca n't have a simple beer with my dinner , because i refuse to lay down 6 euro 's for a fucking heineken . 
  and then you find out you 're paying 23 euro 's for a dinner you 'd get for 12-13 euro 's in the netherlands qq and i thought our taxation was at crazy high levels . 
  because that would set a precedent and it 's been painfully obvious that the english , dutch and german governments ai n't waiting for that . 
  it would be in the interest of the people , but not of the financial institutions and governments . 
  they also have very little actual capital , so when things go south it ca n't be stopped . 
  they 're pretty much already ` in ' . 
  they 're not an official member , but they partake in loads of eu treaties and pacts . 
  it depends on your outlook on life . 
  what kind of education have you followed / are you following ? 
  what kind of culture are you looking for ? 
  captainhamster gave you a great link to a subreddit that will surely get you further than we can tho =p, 
  we have n't cut net spending at all thanks to the bail-outs . 
  so the austerity measures are mostly there to keep the ` engine ' of the economy running - the banks . 
  well , that 's what our government thinks to be the engine anyways . 
  i 'd say that we stand hand in hand , my brother , but in this , i really do n't want any hand contact whatsoever . 
  firefox with adblockplus and ghostery = silky smooth browsing . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i 'm from the rotterdam area , but cities tourists seem to like are utrecht and maastricht . 
  utrecht is easily accessible when you 're in amsterdam and is way nicer . 
  http://www.crossmyt.com/hc/linghebr/awfgrmlg.html easy to learn perhaps , but near impossible to master unless you 're born and raised a german =d, 
  chuuuuuuuuuuu , chuuuuuuuuuuueeeeellll ... argh , i 'll never be able to make those sounds : <, 
  hm , maybe i 'm mistaken  i got to learn french in high-school and ca n't remember being that overwhelmed by the amount of exceptions and what not . 
  but knowing some people who are trying to learn dutch , i constantly hear them complaining about the endless list of exceptions =d, 
  yup . 
  most people just pass by amsterdam so it is no wonder they got a bad ( first ) impression of dutch . 
  the amsterdam accent makes me want to murder babies . 
  haha , we 're as straight-forward as can be yes . 
  my gf ( swedish ) was absolutely astounded by it at first , but after some years she 's finally getting used to it . 
  . . and that depends solely on how you speak it . 
  lowbrow accents have a tendency to embrace laziness and can sure sound like that , but anyone who speaks it proper should n't give you that impression . 
  i find it astonishing that swedes complain about the dutch g when they got an utterly impossible to pronounce g/ch sound as well which truly makes you scrape your throat !, 
  my favorite will have to be flamish dutch . 
  especially when spoken by a cute girl . 
  the level of adorable and cute shoots through the roof when that happens . 
  try learning dutch or german ;-), 
  i 'm 1.78 and while there 's some giants in sweden , i felt pretty tall compared to the women and the men certainly did n't make me feel like i was below average in height . 
  while here in the netherlands i certainly do . 
  but that just goes to show how big of a gap there can be between experience and statistics , 
  the problem is that instead of working out the compromises made at the founding of the union , the union kept expanding and adding more and more compromises on top of the old ones . 
  first you make the union , then you fix the union , then you add others to the union and you repeat the same darn process everytime . 
  but no , we figured it best to skip the ` fixing ' part because it was ` politically expedient ' to add new countries when the opportunity arises . 
  to label the north as ` protestant ' is quite silly . 
  the randstad does not about religion save for a few minorities . 
  and then it ai n't christianity we 're talking about . 
  if you 're talking about groningen and friesland , well , who cares right ? 
  there was an attempt on her life a couple of years ago during queens day . 
  if you could call it an attempt - a mad man simply raced his car through the crowds .
