  watching the nos nowadays hurts . 
  physically . 
  it is said that the first yolo was uttered on that very day . 
  i have invested hope in people 's reading comprehension ability . 
  i am a bad investor :(, 
  at least you got a good track record when it comes to epic last stands . . 
  the joke is that our government is the exact same thing amd so is the uk government . 
  the rot goes deep :(, 
  apparently like people who are good at playing the honest game of modern capitalism . 
  clearly you do not know what is best for you . 
  same shit in the netherlands . 
  they fired a truckload of people , gave the remainder a bonus ( lol wut ) and no cant ready the interns fast enough so they can at least manage the most pressing matters . 
  it is a joke . 
  hilarious innit , that the reforms ( read : cuts ) meant that also the tax services needed to lay off people . 
  varoufakis said earlier this week that greece has roughly a 100 tax guys left , most of the former ones choosing the private sector over paycuts and pension cuts . 
  you give them political leverage , yes , to move more immigrants into your country . 
  the eu is terrible at these things as the big nations will sketch the outer lines of eu policy so when youre politically opposed to them/that , youre borked if youre already involved . 
  money to greece  used to pay off debts at our banks  debt now rests on taxpayers shoulders  used as carrot and stick ( occasionally used to beat greece with ) to keep ez voters on the same line as the troika . 
  meanwhile , they benefit . 
  we dont . 
  i can not condone that . 
  not that my say in it matters whatsoever . 
  the reforms will just lead to the country becoming a husk . 
  not paying the debts means defaulting while remaining a nation . 
  the eu is already a cause for democratic deficits all over europe , but with the greeks it is most apparent how the bureaucratic monster does not care at all . 
  according to the demands of troika , the greeks got no choice at all save for one : they can choose whether to go vote or not . 
  the financial institutions used our governments to bail out their asses while putting all their burdens on the taxpayer . 
  is it the greek or the german politician then who is the bad man in all of this for the common german ? 
  lulz . 
  strong position in the long run . 
  sorry , but do you think this is some sort of game where clicking the right options leads to guaranteed success ? 
  greece has nothing going for it and everything going against it . 
  it will be europes sick child for decades to come , no matter what happens . 
  welcome to the netherlands . . = /, 
  do you really believe that ? 
  i get this feeling that the eu wants greece to carve up its most succulent flanks and offer them to the rest of the world . 
  no , let me rephrase that , to the investors that are driving the greek ` bail-out ' . 
  greece might soon be a husk of a state , nothing more than a financial colony of the eu . 
  this is hilarious for all the wrong reasons . 
  i could come up with a list of ' o rly ? 
  's , but why bother when one word sums it all up . 
  talk is easy . 
  great outdoors , fantastic beaches ( and a wide variety of em !, 
  sandy , rocky , they even got black samd beaches ! ), 
  and the temperature is tolerable unlike sardinia 's . 
  camping there is amazing , but staying in hotels and using a rental car works just fine as well . 
  im in love with corse , 
  hon-hon-hon !, 
  football ai n't coming home dis time !, 
  people usually discuss matters ( whether it be politics , football , society or whtaever ) along discussion lines of their own creation . 
  this has a tendency of making a public discussion very awkward as you first need to 're - adjust ' to the other . 
  many do n't bother to . 
  big events can trigger a shift and the recent troubles with is , the terrorist attack in paris and general issues with immigrants ( by boat , the ones already here , and so on ) have certainly had an impact on the general populace of europe . 
  oh , and the bad state of the economy of course . 
  but hey , reality seems to seep through these lines and barriers of our own creation all the same . 
  it might just take a little longer at times , heh . 
  when the economy picks up again ( if ) things will start shifting towards a more relaxed attitude again . 
  you , i like you . 
   landlocked dutch ftfy, 
  they are actively closing down social workshops . 
  the thing is that this kind of stuff differs per city ( gemeente ) which makes it an even more confusing and garbled mess . 
  i worked at a city archive that prides itself on having 30-40 % of its workforce be drawn from a pool of capable people from the ` sociale werkplaats ' . 
  i 've seen first hand how those people ` pull themselves ' up with this dignified job and the impact i as a colleague have on their wellbeing . 
  kicking them out of the picture into a life of isolation is a terrible thing to do . . because many of these people ca n't fend for themselves . 
  there 's just no way . 
  meh , thinking about it makes me sad * and * angry . 
   but i 'm still making a measly 3 euros per hour just like the retarded and disabled working down in the scrapyard . 
  mentally handicapped is probably a nicer description than ` retarded ' ; 3, 
  sunshine envy , british flair , it all checks out . 
  same in holland : our government happily fills positions with interns and ` those seeking work experience while looking for a job ' . 
  the result is that positions are being filled by cheap or free workers who do the same thing as their fully paid colleagues . 
  when even your government joins in on the fun you know youre truly well fucked . 
  reddit inflates the amount of upvotes and downvotes to mislead tracking bots . 
  that 's why the total amount of given upvotes and downvotes never truly represent the actual reality and why you 'll see things that no one would ever downvote , getting some downvotes , 
  yeah , i 'm sure the people in west africa agree with you on that one . 
  europeans are fishing empty their seas after having bought the fishing rights and are dumping their left-over chicken bits on their markets while imposing hefty import taxes on anything african that could possibly compete ( such as chicken filet ) . 
  compare it to the wage increase of your average jobs and you will see how out of place it is atm . 
  i 'm saying it dillutes which happens to be an unfortunate side effect of having another political layer on top of the national one . 
  as for the eu being democratic or not , plenty has been written about that . 
  it certainly has a democratic deficit , 
  national or european politicians ? 
  because the financial compensation differs quite a bit . 
  lulz , yes they love their mama and comfort so much , that 's it . 
  what a dumb ass derogatory title . 
  plenty of national tv stations / news agencies have spend time on showing how the ep works : people coming by with suitcase in hand to sign the register , only to then gtfo . 
  i 'm pretty sure nothing has changed since then . 
  my bad , i worded that badly . 
  it is indeed 5 years as spelled out in the article . 
  still , it is a billion euro increase * over five years * which is quite a bit all things considered . 
  also , the ep further dwindles down the democratic worth of our vote since it is yet another governmental body : since it takes a consensus of the many to get policies going it is n't in the voters ' interest having multiple bodies to vote on , because each body further dillutes effective policy-making . 
  instead of taking away layers from the onion ( hehe ) we 're adding them . 
  i ca n't help but wonder what the people of / r/europe think of this : to me , it seems controversial , but i have n't heard any mention of this in the national ( dutch ) news or read about it in the newspaper . 
  is it just business as usual ? 
  because a rise of a billion in the bureaucratic costs of the parlement seems rather steep to me in these times of trouble . 
  especially since it is an absolutely unnecessary one . 
  it makes me think of a quote by oscar wilde , '' * the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . 
  i suppose they 're against :p het ad listed that some 60 % ish of the pvda voters were in favor . 
  it is a great time for the vvd to drop the mic and go for new elections . 
  pvda has everything to lose and the vvd can defend dropping the mic by saying they had already given too much to the pvda , and wont give them this immigration thing . 
  which means a big deal to vvd voters ( 16 % is in favor of giving immigrants aid , according to a recent poll ),
