i do not really know much on the subject , but it would be a shame if fusion was achieved and nobody could use it because of a wall of patents . 
  i do n't know if private companies would make their discoveries available to everyone : /, 
  well , of course , for belgium , it is a bit of a debate :d i am now living in sweden , and learning the language . 
  hopefully it will help improve the reputation of french people :(, 
  you are right , basque country is wealthier than i thought  according to wikipedia :  in 2014 , the regional gdp of catalonia was $ 199,797 billion , and the per capita gdp was $ 26,996 , considerably behind madrid ( autonomous community ) ( $ 31,004 ) , the basque country ( $ 29,683 ) , and navarra ( $ 28,124 ) . 
  the gdp per capita of pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales is $ 20,446 . 
  i guess a small difference matters a lot , because again , the french side next to andorra is really , really ugly . 
  well ... first , i was six . 
  when i had my first lecture , i did not even know that other languages existed . 
  i went into a different class , and the teacher suddenly started saying words i did not understand , and he started explaining me that the words i knew were wrong . 
  i was really , really confused . 
  moreover , most of the other kids had andorran parents , so they switched super easily , i was really the only one being completely lost . 
  even though i was in a french school . 
  so i guess my beginnings with catalan were not the best . 
  there is also something else , andorrans have much better contacts with spaniards , even those who speak castilian , than with their french neighbours . 
  well , as i said , northern spain is much more attractive than far-southern france . 
  on the other hand , about french nationalism , i would agree with what / u/sugusino said ( although with a slightly different tone ) . 
  french people used to be very very nationalistic about their language . 
  i think it 's changing among young people , but there is still a very strong resistance . 
  when i was in high school , there was a guy who simply * refused * to learn english . 
  and i think most french people still think that it 's completely useless to learn a language with less speakers than french . 
  i think taxes in andorra are pretty low , but since spain and france have some power over andorra ( the president of france and the bishop of la seu d'urgell are co-princes of andorra ) , it is probably not as strong as switzerland , or luxembourg . 
  i think the people there do not really care . 
  even tourists are usually quite positive about andorra when they come , in a thanks-andorra-for-the-cheap-booze way . 
  so andorrans never really feel bad for their neighbours . 
  also , life is still quite expensive there , houses are shit expensive , for instance . 
  edit : spelling mistakes, 
  no , i never had the andorran citizenship . 
  both my parents were french and they thought a french citizenship would be more useful for me . 
  i was born in andorra . 
  andorra communicates a lot with france and spain . 
  i have always been french , and it did not matter much in terms of legislation . 
  it 's really easy to go to spain or france . 
  when it comes to culture , as a french speaker , i had some problems , since catalan is the official language , and andorrans fight a lot to preserve the language . 
  they know french but often refuse to speak it ( i 'm talking about shops , restaurants , etc. ) . 
  otherwise there is not much of a difference . 
  andorra has andorran , spanish and french school systems in parallel , up to high school . 
  but catalan courses ( for learning the language ) are mandatory in all schools . 
  those courses take roughly 3 hours per week . 
  to be honest , i kind of refused learning catalan so i forgive those who refuse to speak french  when it comes to tourism , a lot of it has to do with the low taxes : there are 3-4 banks , for less than 100 000 inhabitants . 
  a lot of people come to andorra to buy alcohol , cigarettes , cameras , luxury products . 
  all the infrastructure , malls and public spaces are built to handle the 10 million tourists we get every year  actually you see new buildings growing all the time . 
  the ski resorts are huge and very modern ( the only natural resource being super steep mountains ) . 
  and you can also go to a spa , called caldea , which is massive ( check out pictures , it 's worth seeing !, 
  ) , and costs ~ 35 $ for 3 hours . 
  i started noticing recently that there was some kind of a problem with andorra . 
  the parts of france next to andorra ( ari\u00e8ge , pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales ) are some of the poorest parts of france , with no industry , no tourism , no agriculture , nothing really . 
  they are the forgotten parts of france , it seems they did not build anything new since the 1970s there . 
  but as soon as you cross the border , the roads become brand new and you are surrounded by modern malls and hotels . 
  you see a lot of expensive cars as well . 
  there is a massive difference in wealth between andorra and this part of france . 
  the difference is slightly less impressive on the spanish side , catalonia is the ~ ~ wealthiest part ~ ~ one of the wealthiest parts of spain , so they have nice houses and fancy cars as well . 
  it 's also the most progressive part of spain , and andorrans really like their catalan neighbours  i 'm on mobile , so my comment was a bit of a mess , but feel free to ask questions !, 
  france had all the right colours to make it to the top !, 
  i wish france had the right schools as well . 
  i wonder if the time it took for the event to be heard of is related to germany 's handling of refugees . 
  maybe they wanted to investigate further if the events were related to syrian refugees before letting this leak to the public . 
  i agree with that . 
  he really had a reputation of weakness and `` looking stupid '' ( which is of relative political relevance , but anyways ) . 
  i think that 's probably why he chose manuel valls ( with a very agressive style ) as a prime minister . 
  it was a way to look stronger . 
  i think he did quite well during the crisis , even though i think this kind of situation is quite good for popularity in general . 
  it gets much easier to read what french people want when they 're being attacked by isis . 
  what scares me a bit is that , in order to look bold and strong , he might go a bit too far in his security policies . 
  french living in sweden . 
  i was planning to move to g\u00f6teborg , i went there and it looked like a super cool city . 
  looks like i 'm not a very lucky person . 
  nice !, 
  is it common in sweden , not to have a rigid metric , or even rhymes ? 
  or is it just these two ? 
  tis is finland . 
  two lines , only links . 
  with the help of the video , i can now convince people i am summoning demons in my bedroom . 
  this is very grim !, 
  remind me of paintings from zdzis\u0142aw beksi\u0144ski , is polish art always like this ? 
  wow . 
  even the normal translation sounds good in english !, 
  yeah , should have mentioned that , i studied at aix-marseille university, 
  well , i compare what i 've experienced :( in france , i studied at aix-marseille universit\u00e9 , and in sweden , i studied in uppsala . 
  even though i have to admit i do not really know how uppsala is judged by swedish standards , showing that things are not going well in the largest university in the french speaking world is , i think , not such a bad indicator that the french system has a problem . 
  hum , i also studied in sweden , and from what i have experienced , the swedish system is much less aggressive . 
  i prefer it . 
  a lot of people mention textbooks , but from my experience , none of the teachers i had in france mentioned a course textbook . 
  in france , i usually had lectures in the morning , and labs / lessons in the afternoon , ( 8-17 ftw ) . 
  some of them were quite good , some of them were complete crap , due to teachers who had too many students , or / and they did not care . 
  in sweden , i had much shorter days , but i had the feeling that most of the material was of better quality . 
  in sweden you can choose which courses you take , and i honestly recommend the `` big '' courses ( 10 ects credits , while some are 5 ects ) . 
  also , and i think it 's worth mentioning , french teachers * hate * speaking english . 
  if i can provide a small comparison between the french and swedish system , when it comes to paperwork . 
  in france , i had to register as a new student * every year * , providing electricity bills , filling a file ( name , birth date , and so on and so forth ) , providing past degrees and grades , as well . 
  none of that stuff could be done via the internet . 
  you had to send the paper by snail mail . 
  and also go there to get stamps and pay , usually when courses start . 
  in sweden , i sent pdfs of my degrees , id card , and that was it . 
  it was two years ago . 
  after that you can apply to courses ( as in sweden , students choose their courses , and courses give you ects credits , a normal load is roughly 30 per semester ) . 
  and , well , you 're done . 
  i studied in south of france . 
  we had whiteboards !, 
  i was about to make a joke about the bureaucracy in france , but i do n't want to start a new debate :(,
