  jayawardene is the same with only 10 matches in england . 
  i was thinking about an alternative to this the other day . 
  i propose to get rid of the lbw altogether and instead make it so that you can get caught when the ball hits your body as well . 
  i know there are probably be a million reasons why this would n't work , but i 'd be interested to see what would be a result of such a law change . 
  i 'm rather partial to [ mellon collie and the infinite sadness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqfz-v-cmnw ) by the smashing pumpkins . 
  so basically the supreme court gets to vote for president ? 
  i was thinking the exact same thing . 
  68 sources and 8 pages ( on my screen ) of text for someone who played 8 tests in the 30s . 
  i was looking up one of the all time great rugby players from the 90s who played 50 tests and who retired just 15 years ago and he has 2 sentences . 
  depending on whether the government was republican or democrat . 
  restricting buyers is not going to work . 
  people still need a home to live in , whether they own it or not . 
  minimum deposits merely reinforce the gap between people who can afford to buy homes and who ca n't and in the long run will raise rents and house prices . 
  i agree that increasing supply is the answer . 
  selling state houses to build more is a good option , but with interest rates at historic lows there is n't really any need to sell them , just borrow money on the back of them to build more . 
  putin warns ukraine not to kill any russian soldiers . 
  who definitely are n't in eastern ukraine . 
  but they better not kill any anyway . 
  bandwidth is a non-issue until it is routinely exceeded . 
  restricting high-use users means they can drastically restrict the amount of money they need to invest in maintaining and upgrading their network whilst their localised monopolies ensure they can keep incresing their prices . 
  fellow kiwi here , thought i would give my thoughts . 
  your budget is realistic , but a touch light , so be wary of trying to keep costs down . 
  i think skipping rome is a big mistake . 
  it 's a bit more expensive than other places , but it 's definitely worth 2-3 days . 
  you might want to consider a ferry down the river from vienna to bratislava . 
  i 've heard some people refer to it as a poor man 's prague - but i loved it there . 
  there are loads of great little towns along the adriatic coast from slovenia to greece , but it depends on your tastes , and you probably do n't have enough time to fit much more in . 
  ( although i agree with the person above who suggested squeezing kotor in - if only for half a day ), 
  i 'm not sure if i would go for the eye mask and earplugs . 
  i 'm a fairly good sleeper in hostels , so i dont really need them , but i always felt that people wearing them are prime targets to get robbed in hostels . 
  you might also want to look into getting a monthly bus/rail pass . 
  i do n't know the details because i never got them but i met plenty of travellers who have and they seem like a good deal . 
  also , if i was doing a trip like this i would pre-book hostels at least once every 2 weeks or so . 
  this gives you the flexibility of changing plans around quite a lot , but also gives worrying parents a place to call if you go off the radar for too long . 
  you 've hit the nail on the head there . 
  net neutrality in its own right is not the real problem . 
  in a competitive market removal of net neutrality would merely result in costs passed from consumers onto content providers . 
  but in the current marketplace it would allow monopolistic isps to extract rents from both to the detriment of everyone else . 
  i reckon a character who is a distant descendant but who is actually cool could be used as a subtle apology to fans for jarjar . 
  in those 4 countries there are a higher percentage of english speakers than there are in canada !, 
  they `` only '' have 5 days after all !, 
  i for one am more than happy to start calling any kind of unsportsmanlike behaviour , such as an underarm , `` chappelling '', 
  according to my statistics teacher it causes sunburn as well . 
  am i the only one who feels reluctant to click on an `` interactive ebola '' anything ... 
  easy as pie . 
  have done it twice now . 
  this year i think you can upload scanned voting papers straight into the electoral commision 's website which makes it even easier . 
  i believe he never used the word evolve/evolution in his text at any stage either . 
  technically we have had exactly the same amount of evolutionary time . 
  `` advanced '' implies that there is an ideal species that we are advancing towards . 
  it 's actually a billionaire buy bonds for 10c and demands argentina pay him a dollar . 
  argentina refuses to pay him but continues to pay other creditors 10c . 
  it is a city of contrasts . 
  you can see a beautiful art nouveau building next to an ugly communist one ; a toyota next to a lada or skoda ; a man in a suit next to a homeless man . 
  putting bruce edgar in as a wicketkeeper is a bit of a stretch - he only played one of his 37 tests as a keeper . 
  but given nz have only had 3 left handed wicketkeepers ever ( playing a total of 9 matches ) i 'll give you that one . 
  interest note - tom latham become nz 's first ever left handed wicket keeper in an odi the year before last . 
  also - if you 're desperate to fill the team with all-rounders who bat left handed and bowl right then on top of harris , oram and ryder you might also consider a place for sir richard hadlee !, 
  edit : if you 're considering odi specialists then roger twose is an option . 
  i guess warner was excluded because he is almost 3 years older than the others . 
  rahane is also a couple of years older and has n't yet proven himself at either test or one day level . 
  balance is going to be up there , but as of yet he has only played 8 tests , so i guess he has n't truly proven himself either . 
  rahane has scored 2 good quality hundreds in trying circumstances against good bowlers , but not a lot else . 
  he has less than 700 runs in tests , compared with over 1800 for each of kohli and pujara , and i would n't consider either of them to have truly proven themselves yet . 
  i no longer agree with act * but i think they make up an important niche in the political spectrum and would be sad to see them go . 
  united future on the other hand i do n't think anyone will really miss . 
  \\* disclaimer - i voted for john banks in the last election ( but not act ), 
  it 's exciting to see all the kiwis doing well in the county circuit . 
  ryder has been brilliant , and jeetan patel was probably the best bowler in the t20s and odis and he 's hit a first class hundred to boot . 
  i wonder whether these two will get recalls any time soon . 
  kane williamson did well in his few games and even craig cachopa , andre adams and hamish marshall are doing ok . 
  even ian butler , scott styris and mitchell mcclenaghan did alright in their brief spells . 
  mark craig had a good game for glocs 2nds ( not sure if that counts ) . 
  did i forget anyone else ? 
  i walk past this sign once or twice a week and it always has really good thoughts of the day on it . 
  it 's always hard to compare players , especially two who are so vastly different as lara and tendulkar . 
  as a fan i loved watching lara bat . 
  he always made you feel like you had a chance against him . 
  of course you did n't , but that is exactly why he was so exciting to watch . 
  and on his day he could rip to shreads any bowler in the world . 
  tendulkar has better stats because he was more consistent , but he never got my heart racing every time he went to bat like lara did . 
   so , steve , what 's your best truth and dare question ? 
  waqar and wasim were certainly one of the great bowling patnerships . 
  i always remember pakistan playing new zealand in [ jan 2013 ] ( http://www.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/match/63597.html ) . 
  greatbatch scored a hundred in the first innings and danny morrison got 5 wickets to leave new zealand a chase of only 127 . 
  wasim bowled 22 overs straight and he and waqar had combined figures of 10-67 , each getting 5 wickets and each being completely unplayable . 
  except it has consistently won them elections . 
  who 's crazy now ? 
  interest rates on the euro are currently at or less than zero , so getting an interest free loan may actually be costing us money ... 
  that 's just like how christianity and islam miraculously spread to the americas long before christians sailed there and forcibly converted the poulation !, 
  firstly , wait until spring until you go to london . 
  it is the best city in the world on a sunny day , but at this time of year you may not have a sunny day before spring . 
  nextly , can you afford to come to london , it 's an expensive place . 
  i pay # 1,350 per month for my 1 bedroom apartment , plus an # 100 or so for the soul-sucking privilege of sniffing some ugly bankers arm pits for over an hour a day . 
  you wo n't get a job quickly and you 'll need a lot of money to keep you going until then . 
  that said i love london , it ; s a fantastic place and i do n't regret for a second moving here 7 years ago . 
   `` the price of apathy towards public affairs is to be ruled by evil men . '', 
  - plato, 
  from memory he also got no balled when bowling leggies . 
  it was scandalous .
