   we saw inzi go before an inquiry which proved there was less than zero evidence of ball tampering in televised test match at the oval in 2006 , other than one racist umpire 's word, 
  the ball had evidence of wear that the umpire believed could not have come from natural use . 
  in hindsight it probably hit a stone or something ( i do n't know , and i do n't really care ) and as you say the inquiry found no evidence of tampering . 
  he probably made a mistake , but there 's no reason to say he was racist over it ( and in fact the decision was agreed by both umpires , after examining the ball , who 's to say you or i would not have come to the same conclusion ? ), 
  `` never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity . '', 
  i agree in part , if he was absent-mindedly rubbing the ball on his leg then it would be easy to accidently rub the zip , but in the video it looks like he clearly and deliberately pulled on his trousers to expose the zip and then rubbed it repeatedly several times . 
  he would have been able to feel what he is doing and i would be disappointed if he does n't get a long suspension . 
  i do n't know if it 's actually that hard . 
  at school we used to use red shoe polish to buff up one side of an old ball and the thing would swing like crazy in the nets . 
  maybe it 's more difficult when you 're bowling 140kph + instead of about 70 + as you do need to change your action a bit . 
  i think i take a more relaxed approach than most people in these forums seem to . 
  i do n't have a problem with adding people to my tree based solely off other peoples trees , as long as they seem well researched and sensible ( even if they are not necessarily sourced ) . 
  i they are born before census records are available then i will always cross-check them to make sure they do not look too bad , so it 's usually dates and places i am pilfering , not the existence of the relatives themselves . 
  having said that , i will never add direct ancestors unless i have sufficient proof of their existence . 
  the difference being that if i add my 6th cousin 3 times removed 's potentially incorrect children i may waste a day and add a few dozen people incorrectly , but if i add an incorrect ancestor i could potentially add several thousand people and waste months before i realize my error . 
  yeah , as one of the other commentors stated before , one of the biggest problems today is not the lack of records but rather the ease at which it is possible to copy incorrect information into your tree . 
  ancestry is probably the worst ( or best depending on your perspective ) for this . 
  i have a sister of one of my ancestors who , according to dozens of trees , was having alternating children in 2 different counties at about 6 month intervals . 
  was n't his father a muslim ? 
  i thought it was just his mother ( and possibly step-father ) who was an atheist . 
  edit : my bad , he actually converted from islam to anglicanism as a boy while a student at a missionary school , but i ca n't find any record of him being an athiest . 
  edit2 : actually barack obama said in a time magazine interview `` my father was almost entirely absent from my childhood , having been divorced from my mother when i was 2 years old ; in any event , although my father had been raised a muslim , by the time he met my mother he was a confirmed atheist , thinking religion to be so much superstition . '', 
  - so you were right , i take back all i said . 
  edit3 : his step-father was nominally muslim however . 
   some people make in 3 days what their employees make in a year, 
  actually the article states that ** every single ** ceo of a top 250 company makes more in a day and a half what its median ( not lowest ) employee makes . 
  some make the same * in an hour * what their employees make in a year . 
  this is n't just something that happens in isolated cases . 
  the problem with this analogy is that hollywood movies sell better with a star in them . 
  better basketball players win more games and thereby attact more revenue . 
  there is n't a huge amount of evidence to suggest these extremely high paid executives actually contribute to the betterment of a company 's performance . 
  so do single parents working 3 jobs to try to put food on their children 's table , but i do n't see them earning $ 1,000 + an hour . 
  from the article , ron johnson made 1790 times the average employee , which is , give or take , the same hourly wages as an average yearly salary . 
  i guess to some extent it 's a chicken/egg situation . 
  except i get the impression that ceo 's are the eggs , not the chickens . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not opposed to paying ceos what they deserve , and in most cases that is actually a lot of money . 
  but if i was a shareholder i would be disappointed if my company was paying its ceo $ 20-30 + million because i do n't feel they add that much value to the company . 
  someone linked to an article with ceo 's who 've transformed their business around , but to me that 's just cherry picking . 
  if you put 10 ceos in charge of 10 struggling companies chances are they will all slash costs and staff numbers ( because that 's what their over-priced college mba told them they should do ) and maybe 1-2 will be successful and the rest of the companies will fail . 
  is it because those ceos are so much better than the rest , or is it because the company will probably have turned around anyway , or is it just pure luck . 
  i do n't know the answer , but i feel a lot of people are too quick to believe that the free market must be right , because it 's decided that this is what they should be paid . 
  our politicians have a 90 % reelection rate - does that mean they 're doing a fantastic job ? 
  your reasoning assumes that the market that they operate in is an efficient one . 
  i do n't know , maybe it is . 
  the real criminals are those who allowed the merger with halifax bank of scotland . 
  i worked in the treasury department of the combined bank and the hbos areas lost an imperial shit-ton of money . 
  and outside of treasury the corporate and especially overseas ( in particular ireland ) departments were all losing money hand over fist . 
  hbos was weeks away from insolvency when the merger went ahead , but the merger valued the two companies at roughly even amounts , thereby robbing lloyds shareholders ( of whom i was one ) of vast amounts of shareholder value . 
  i think much of this is due to the lack of depth in domestic cricket in new zealand . 
  talented youngsters tend not to get the big game experience that you need to be able to not make these brain fades under pressure . 
  here in brazil they have more than 70 % market share . 
  they own all 4 of the top brands , brahma , skol , antarctica and bohemia . 
  in most places in the country it 's difficult to buy a beer that is n't owned by inbev . 
   it 's a fucking blatant violation of our constitutional right to vote that they did it again in 2012 , and someone should be going to jail at this point . 
  except , despite all its chest beating about its democratic credentials , there is actually no constitutionally protected right to vote in america . 
  as long as states do n't discriminate based on place of birth , race , sex , age ( above 18 ) or whether or not they can pay a poll tax then the states can decide who gets to vote and who does n't . 
  whilst i am neither a consitutional lawyer , nor american , i believe states could pass a law to impose a blind smell test and anyone who does n't pass the smell test gets denied the vote . 
  or any other ridiculous law ( such as many of the ones that states are attempting ) and they wo n't clash with the consitution . 
  i do n't know why , but i ca n't help but think back to the plus sms saga a couple of years ago , where the company 's value hit $ 250m + before they 'd ever received any revenue . 
  i realise it 's not in the same league , as plus sms was run by a group of failed businessmen who were selling off shares as the price kept going up , and xero has a decent product which might potentially make the company worth this much eventually , but the hype about a company is the same kind of desperation for short term gain that dominates new zealand 's stock exchange . 
  i used to get visits all the time and i was never even remotely related to the church . 
  they stopped after my flatmate started answering the door in his underwear . 
  actually warne had a better test average in india than murali . 
  43 from 9 tests vs 45 from 11 . 
  you 're right that overall murali 's statistics overall are superior , however there are two overiding reasons why this is the case 1 ) his 176 wickets at 15 against bangladesh and zimbabwe compared to 17 wickets at 27 and 2 ) he got 493 wickets at home at an average of 19 where the pitches were undoubtedly more favourable to spin bowling than australia , where warne got 319 wickets at 26 . 
  if you factor these things in their records are remarkably similar . 
  they were both bowling geniuses . 
  to have bowling averages of 20 and 21 in new zealand ( despite the shaky batting ) is phenomenal for a spinner ( for comparison 's sake vettori - by far nz 's best spinner ever - has an average of 31 at home ) . 
  he has the added bonus of having a ridiculous action as well . 
  but i 'll nominate robert kennedy and richard de groen as the other stars of new zealands 90s fast bowling attack . 
  if you ca n't find a good scanner for a good price then you can always do what i do , which is use a digital camera mounted on a tripod . 
  if you get the lighting set up well ( generally as long as it is well lit and there is no reflection it should be ok ) the quality is almost as good as a scanner and most people have a camera around these days . 
  for all the bad comments that have been made , and are going to be made , i think that if anyone if a true cricket fan they are going to be hoping that trott is able to get past this and keep playing at the top level . 
  when this affliction ( if it is the same thing ) struck marcus trescothick 7 years ago it took one of england 's best players out of the game in what have been some of his best years of cricket at domestic level . 
  i just hope this does n't repeat itself with trott . 
  because pujara consistently scored runs over a long period . 
  he now has 24 first class hundreds ( plus 9 in list a ) and has averaged over 60 ( and 54 in list a ) . 
  jadeja on the other hand still has only 7 centuries to his name in first class cricket . 
  if you discount the three triples , which were all in games where not only were they draws , but only one went to a third innings and even then only just , he averages only 36 . 
  he is still yet to score a list a hundred , and averages only 30 , despite having the advantage of favourable home conditions . 
  discarding the innings which finish before the 50 overs due to a team being bowled out is a mistake . 
  the reason why a team 6 wickets down at 30 overs will not double it 's score is due to the chance of getting all out . 
  if a team 6 down continues to bat all of it 's over then there is every likelihood that it too will double it 's score . 
  i was at an international a few years ago and the group in front of me had 2 large loaves of bread that they had hollowed out and one had a bottle of whiskey inside and the other a bottle of coke . 
  even worse , not only would he keep believing ; he would keep trying to evangelize others !, 
  he may be cool , but the guy looks like he does n't know how to clap properly . 
  i mean seriously , in that gif he looks like he 's trying to grope his other hand . 
  if you take the current icc player rankings , the highest for an indian fast bowler is 601 . 
  the only other test playing nations without a fast bowler rated higher than this are bangladesh and zimbabwe ( do they still play tests ? ) . 
  every other country has at least one with more than that ( south africa has 4 , australia has 2 and so does england ) . 
  the only place where their bowlers can compete with australia ( or indeed any other country ) is spin bowling where ashwin and jadeja are both forging good records , both with the ball and in the case of jadeja the bat . 
  in conditions not conducive to spin bowling ( such as those they are currently experiencing in new zealand , and those they are likely to find at the next world cup ) their bowling is not up to standard and their batting ( despite being the best in the world ) will struggle to make up for it . 
  does anyone have a comparison of what potential revenues per nation would look like if global revenue grow at a much smaller rate that predicted in these figures ? 
  from my understanding these figures are all reliant on a tripling of revenues over the coming years and practically every cent of this increase going straight to the bcci ( on the rather spurious basis that all this revenue will be generated by india ) . 
  what would happen if this increase does n't materialise ? 
  do the smaller nations and associates get screwed even harder ? 
  kumar is ranked 20 with a rating of 601 , which as i said is below fast bowlers of every country but bangladesh . 
  zaheer khan has n't played odi cricket for over a year so should n't be considered when it comes to comparing best teams . 
  the big thing that i see in these numbers is the sangakkara has n't played more than 10 matches in any country other than sri lanka .
