  he 's now only behind klay thompson 14/15 & klay thompson 13/14 and slightly ahead of klay thompson 12/13 . 
  `` what a coincidence , i only swiped you for your pussy '', 
  if you define winning as getting the most delegates to the convention then absolutely he has a ( mathematical ) chance of winning . 
  if you define it as becoming the nominee by denying trump 1237 delegates and scheming with other candidates to usurp the nomination then absolutely he has a chance of winning . 
  if you define it as getting enough votes and exposure to negotiate a vp role then he has quite a good chance of winning . 
  he needs more than 100 % of the votes to get to 1237 , but it 's still possible for him to get more delegates than trump which most people would consider a win . 
  it 's not going to happen , but it 's definitely not `` mathematically impossible '' . 
  the other day i bought mini jelly babies and put them in my pancakes . 
  9/10 - definitely recommend . 
  i 'm no mathmagician , but if he 's shooting 15 3s a game my guess is that he 'll go way over 35 pts per game . 
  i interpreted it to mean that he tried to set a few boundaries but it was hard so he did n't . 
  i 'm sure he just has a doctor with an email address analdestroyer1975 at gmail and was just asking for medical advice . 
  i wonder what would `` look nice in the community '' ? 
  a wedding so close to bils or having a son get married without being there and him never speaking to you ever again . 
  i mean , i 'm not south asian , but i know which would look worse to me . 
  arya kills the mountain in the trial by combat confirmed . 
  do n't worry about that - they probably already went to the police and reported the theft 3 weeks ago, 
  almost certainly tax reasons . 
  they are not selling patents for a profit ; they are selling a subsidiary and they can do it in such a way as to minimise taxable profit . 
  a pimple on prom night . 
  plot twist : all three of the cookers work fine , they just need cleaning . 
  whilst no is the correct response to mil and bil i feel they need to reach out and communicate a clear no to jason . 
  it sounds like no matter what they say to mil she keeps communicating yes to him . 
  they are going to have issues on july 1 unless he knows that he 's not going to be welcome . 
  my current play through i 'm trying to have only people from my dynasty as vassals . 
  i 'm not going to conquer any new land while i have a single unrelated vassal . 
  my ( totally unrealistic ) goal is to have every count and higher in europe as part of my dynasty . 
  or maybe they would underestimate the [ tidal wave generated ] ( http://www.portcities.org.uk/london/server/show/connarrative.59/chapterid/1044/thames-ironworks.html ) . 
  as far as i can tell this advice does n't apply in the uk . 
  as far as i can google , whilst technically you need to be 18 to leave , if you are 16/17 police will not return you to your parents unless they deem you to be in danger . 
  from what i just read though , unless you have a safe , stable place to live it can be a terrible idea , as it is near impossible to get somewhere to live off you are n't 18 , as you are not legally allowed to sign a lease . 
  but if her brother is 100 % behind her living with him it 'll probably be better for her than living with her parents . 
  atm is easy , and will give you consistent rates of around 3 % commission . 
  if you 're able to shop around you can usually get better rates than that , but places like airports will charge closer to 10 % ( up to 30 % + for minor currencies ) . 
  if you live in a touristic area then it 's often worthwhile changing there before you go . 
  some places will give excellent rates to save them the hassle of converting back into usd !, 
  some jurisdictions allow you to claim filing fees on top of your small claim . 
  i 'm sure a $ 2 + $ 50 small claims court fee every month would get old quick . 
  i would create a fake death certificate pronouncing the death of the relationship !, 
  i would strongly advise not to ask the dad about the scar . 
  this was clearly a traumatic and extremely private experience , and snooping around behind her back is a serious beach of trust . 
  if you are sure he is going to file for paternity then try to get a paternity test done as soon as you are able . 
  the truth of the baby 's paternity it 's going to come out anyway and it 's better to be prepared for the possibility that you are not the bio-dad so you can figure out your options with the benefit of extra time . 
  do not deduct anything from the child support payments without checking with your lawyer first . 
  this is something that could have severe negative consequences down the line if not done correctly . 
  bottoms up when someone says the word `` pussy '', 
  and to add to their impressive batting averages , worrell was a handy bowler who took 69 wickets and a captain with a record of 9w-3l and walcott was a part time wicketkeeper . 
  they were truly 3 of the greatest players of all time . 
  random question for stats gurus : has there ever been another group of three out more cricketing knights on the same team ? 
  according to google , missouri has a fault-based approach to determining ownership of the conditional gift of an engagement ring . 
  the case law that every website seems to quote clippard vs pfeffercorn is a situation where the giver ( henceforth known as the groom for historic cultural trains ) broke off the wedding . 
  i ca n't find any case law to back out up , but all websites i 've seen appear to imply that if the bride calls of the wedding due to cheating on the part of the groom then the ring belongs to the bride . 
  make sure you have evidence that your ex fianc\u00e9 cheated . 
  if you do not yet then try to get him to admit it on text or , as missouri is a one party consent state , record a conversation with him where he admits to cheating . 
  disclaimer : my law degree is from the university of google, 
  great post . 
  whenever i am rating all-rounders i always like to rate skinny botham and fat botham separately . 
  using your method skinny botham would have a rating of 41.5 in the first half of his career , making him easily the greatest allrounder of all time . 
  fat botham on the other hand had a rating of 28.7 in the second half of his career , ranking just ahead of chaminder vaas . 
  skinny botham had a peak rating of 47.1 after 25 matches ( excluding the first few games of his career ) . 
  i wonder how that compares to others who may have faded slightly towards the end of their careers . 
  you 've noted the problem with using the runs/match as a way of rating batsmen that favours batsmen from weaker teams ( it will also favour openers over middle order batsmen ) . 
  but the same problem can be found when using wickets/match when rating bowlers . 
  bowlers such as murali or bond ( or indeed ashwin ) who were in weaker bowling teams get ranked far more heavily than do those such as mcgrath/warne or the west indian quicks . 
  having said that , i think for an all-rounder rating it is quite good to use effectively a contribution factor such as wickets per game ( and runs per game ) as it would help filter out batsmen who bowl a bit ( which your calculation does effectively ) but also bowlers who can bat ok , but are n't good enough to bat higher than say 8-9 ( and therefore are n't genuine all-rounders ) . 
  the greatest batsman to never hit one in the middle of the bat . 
  only because you did n't understand it the first seven times and it had to be repeated . 
  when i was in the west country i had people greet me by saying something that i can only assume was `` alright me lover '' . 
  it was far more disconcerting than being called a cock . 
  except this time there is evidence that north korea has ( had ) at least 10mg of chemical weapons . 
  on the other hand , he is threatening to make false claims to the police unless she gives him money - should she be reporting that to the police ? 
  the same reason why there is a banks island . 
  they 're both misdrawn . 
  cook 's path is shown in the dotted line and he did not come close enough to stewart island and banks peninsula to realise that they were an island and peninsula respectively . 
  i think it is somewhat relevant in the sense that op needs to decide , in the unlikely situation that the child is biologically his , what legal outcome he would want . 
  if he would want to be part of that child 's life then his legal approach would be a lot different to what most people here are suggesting . 
  i prefer the damage on [ this beast ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ju2wpjf.png ), 
  and taking then to small claims court for the cost of a replacement mattress and bottles of alcohol . 
  i recently came across a ring called [ nargothrel 's band ] ( http://torchlight.wikia.com/wiki/nargothrel's_band ) which is the most expensive item you can buy at the gambler by a factor of almost 2 . 
  it is n't very good , but it is a level 100 item that has no level requirements . 
  this means you can give it two eyes of the winter widow and a bit of borrising and you can wear practically any other ring , amulet or belt without any other juggling !, 
  i think i got mine to 5-8k with a lvl 105 legendary staff , but i did n't have enough money to juice my gear properly ( my hardcore farmer just died on a phase best challenge with 10m gold and all my nephanic skulls :( ), 
  actually , that 's the complete opposite of how gerrymandering works . 
  the key is to stack as many of your opponent 's supporters as humanly possible into a few districts and leave all of your supporters spread across many districts so that they are safe 60-65 % vs 35-40 % districts . 
  then , even when your opponent wins in a 10-15 % landslide , you still get more seats . 
  an openly scottish tory ? 
  i do n't believe you !, 
  i 'm not sure why you would run a shotgonne build without shotgonne mastery . 
  the knock back helps with smaller creatures and the stun i think even works on bosses . 
  if you 're in a portal ( phase portal/luminous arena/netherrealm portal/grom 's arena etc ) then your pet ca n't bring back the items on its shopping list . 
  my understanding from the law op quoted is that they need to give 48 hours , as they are not showing prospective buyers , they are just taking photos . 
  it depends on how the lease is worded . 
  if it says the lease ends then it ends . 
  if it says that it converts to a month by month lease then you 're on the hook . 
  if it does n't say anything then it would depend on local law , which is usually that it automatically reverts to a month by month . 
  before considering this you might want to have a search around for stories regarding this . 
  there was a case on this sub where the partner did this by seeing dozens of lawyers for free consultations and the judge absolutely slammed then for it . 
  if you 're in a rural area and there are only a handful of good lawyers nearby this would probably work , but if you get free consultations with every lawyer in atlanta the judge might not be quite so happy . 
  i made a similar mistake in my most recent game attacking a tribe whose leader had lots of prestige . 
  his 500 strength army all of a sudden had 4k troops in it after calling allies and a 2.5 k tribal war party .
