  before this series i was convinced he was a chucker , but after the way he was treated , and after i saw him bowling leggies with such a bent elbow , which is next to impossible to do on purpose , i totally changed my mind . 
  something similar happened to my great ( x5 ) grandmother . 
  she married at 18 and was a widow at 21 and went on to live until she was 91 !, 
  almost 70 years a widow . 
  i agree . 
  you do n't always get to choose who you fall in love with . 
  and what if south africa had the same policy ? 
  then the couple would have nowhere to go to . 
  actually ( at least in my country ) a verbal contract is just as legally valid as a written contract , it 's just much more difficult to prove . 
  what amazes me is that it looks like he 's been doing this almost continuously for 5 years !, 
  add a pound of butter into your tikka masala and you have butter chicken . 
  9000 runs with an average of 70 as a specialist batsman !, 
  statistically speaking , noone since the don can match that . 
  even away from home he averages about 64 as a specialist batsman . 
  jm blackham once held the record for the top two 7th wicket partnerships - does that count ? 
  just about all american presidents are from aristocratic families so they have an easier time of tracing their lineage . 
  how long must it take those guys to put on their makeup before going out ? 
   `` hey olima , how long are you going to be in the bathroom , i really need to put some grass in my hair '', 
   `` relax pisiv , i 've already finished doing my legs , so i should only be another hour ! '', 
  except ... 
  the republican party does have a whip ( steve scalise/john cornyn ), 
  he also had the best nickname in world cricket `` chew '', 
  form check 40/m/200lb - toothbrushing whilst masturbating, 
  an olympic silver when you did n't even know you were competing in the olympics is not too bad either . 
  it seems heavily biased towards players who have played in the last 20 years , which i guess is understandable given it was voted by the public . 
  i would have thought there were several candidates who could have been considered ahead of this list , especially considering the lower averages and strike rates of the time the played in - for example i would put greenidge and haynes above gayle as the best opener . 
  and plenty of windies bowlers had averages under 22 and economy rates below 3.5 po ( ambrose , garner , holding , roberts ), 
  is cricinfo just guessing the score card ? 
  the runs and balls faced seem to be jumping up and down and the batsman 's scores and balls faced never seem to tie with the runs/overs . 
  this used to be me until one of my colleagues quit and i got stuck doing his job as well . 
  i 'll be damned if he was n't spending 110 % of his time working . 
  three are buying o2 , so no change at ee . 
  or masturbate furiously until one arm is so powerful that you can win any fight in one punch . 
  but the only reason he could have raped her is because she could have dressed too provocatively . 
  so she deserved it really . 
  except he 's only played 18 innings as opener - it 's just coincidental that his average is almost exactly the same as devon smith . 
  except he averages less than 16 batting at 5 or 6 in odis . 
  by comparison mitchell starc who has been batting number 9-10 for australia averages 23 . 
  there 's no need to `` reverse qe '' . 
  i 'm not sure of the exact composition of the fed 's portfolio , but i suspect much of it is fairly short dated , meaning it will mature in the near future anyway , and that cash will return to the fed anyway , without any active selling of assets . 
  i found june to september to be the best months , weatherwise in rio . 
  daytime highs are low to mid twenties , which are more pleasant than the low thirties you get in jan-mar . 
  it 's also far drier and less stormy than in summer . 
  i guess it depends what you are used to and whether you expect to do touristic things , or if you just want to relax on the beach all day , in which case you may prefer the extreme heat of summer . 
  and not a 6 in sight !, 
  it was like a different era ( although i doubt teams will be able to match the 16 sixes from auckland or the 32 sixes in wellington when playing on the slightly larger ground in melbourne ), 
  in the last world cup in aus/nz there were only 6 sixes in 5 games at the mcg !, 
  also making it 80 % of a day !, 
  pedantry and because we have nowhere else to go . 
  but mostly pedantry . 
  i 'm sure it came down to the last minute endorsements of both of his opponents who vowed that they would be voting for him . 
  77 runs off 29 balls after making it to 150 . 
  that 's just brutal for a first class match . 
  good to see he 's brought his form as top scorer in the world cup into county cricket . 
  my favourite band has to be the hedgee hochee chilli peppers !, 
  i 'm sure there 's a `` yo ' momma '' joke in there somewhere ... 
  she should ask for the keys to mil 's car . 
  `` i 'm so excited to have a car that i can go joyriding in the family '' . 
  i wonder how that would go down ... 
  she 's being downvoted because she requested help but then she is shooting down everyone 's suggestions because she seems unwilling to communicate her feelings about sex with her husband , as she did the last two times she asked for help . 
  `` your friend confessed that you were cheating tonight '' - her friend is almost as bad for covering , might as well ruin her night also ... 
  i thought the same thing . 
  she said she did n't want to get involved but by keeping it a secret she was getting involved . 
  she was actively protecting the pair that cheated on her daughter !, 
  the way they started all friendly and then changed so quickly makes me think that something happened . 
  they are trying to drive a wedge between you , and you need to ask totally why ? 
  did you inadvertantly insult someone ? 
  are they trying to cover for your gf because she did something bad ? 
  maybe they genuinely do n't like you ? 
  maybe there 's something else at play here . 
  someone at my high school had a father who left his mother for another man and he was bullied relentlessly until he attempted suicide . 
  15 year olds are vicious little shirts . 
  his parents just thought he was acting up at home because he was struggling with the divorce , not that it was his way of coping with the bullying . 
  i agree . 
  if she 's going to be hurt when you leave her at 28 , imagine how hurt she will be if she 's 29 or more . 
  it sounds like her friend anna is toxic and exhibits exactly the same traits that she is accusing you of having . 
  it seems to me she has manipulated your gf into thinking that this is a good idea . 
  if you do course to take her back i would make it a condition that she cut anna out of her life entirely . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself dude , i 'm sure you are plenty bangable . 
  my money is on anal sex . 
  you do n't need to try anything . 
  there 's a chance that she is going to come on strongly to you , because after what she has been through it is just something that she may feel she needs to get some kind of control back over her life . 
  you need to be prepared to handle it because if it happens it 's likely not going to end well for you ( whatever you choose to do ), 
  there are also people who do n't like it but do it anyway to please their partner . 
  because they 're not assholes . 
  today is our 4th wedding anniversary , and i still love my wife more each day than the last . 
  last night we did the survey on mojoupgrade.com and whilst there were disappointingly few double yeses there were enough matches to think that our 5th year of marriage is going to be the best yet !, 
  it 's physically impossible not to lose weight if you consistently eat at a deficit . 
  that 's not to say it is n't extremely difficult to lose weight if you have certain conditions , but they generally work by reducing the number of calories your body expends or increasing the number of calories your body thinks it needs making you consume more . 
  and then get tested again . 
  is there anyone else who might be able to exert some kind of influence over your parents ? 
  an uncle/aunt , grandparents , a close friend ? 
  what is happening to your sister is neglectful and quite simply abusive ( and your father is just as much to blame as your mother ) . 
  if you ca n't recruit the equivalent of cps to help then if there is anyone else you can bring in it may help . 
  i wish i knew what to say . 
  it sounds like your mum is in complete denial and i suspect that if confronted she will immediately become defensive ( and may even double down on her current approach ) . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned , your uncle ( and even potentially you and your brother ) being disowned is probably worth the risk of trying to help your sister . 
  tesco kensington ( earls court ) definitely has tim tams , as well as pineapple lumps , l&p and a few other things . 
  absolutely this is what will happen . 
  perhaps she can send a text message to him to get him to unwittingly admit to it ?
