your argument is half-true at best and also relies on a fallacy - that there are a fixed number of jobs in the economy . 
  sure he may be increasing the supply of 3d animators but provided he is spending his money within the country and not sending it all back home ( and it sounds pretty certain that he wont be ) then he will probably be creating more jobs than he is taking . 
  whenever he goes to the local mcdonalds he is creating extra work for the staff there ; when he buys a car he is creating work for the car salesman ; and when he shops at your company he is lining your pockets with cash . 
  make sure you spend an afternoon in jerez de la frontera drinking sherry . 
  even if you do n't like the stuff . 
  it 's so close to cadiz and it would be a shame not to . 
  seville was over 40 degrees celsius ( 104f ) when i was there at the end of june last year , so you want to make sure you visit early because it 's worth the visit . 
  barcelona is a whole lot of fun and i highly recommend it ( even if just to point and laugh at some of the crazy architecture ) but pickpocketing is rife , so hide your valuables . 
  it might be a good idea to try to do them in reverse order and try to be in barcelona ( or maybe madrid ? ), 
  for san juan - june 24th ( i think the party is on the night of the 23rd ) . 
  i 've heard it 's the biggest party of the year in spain . 
  i have n't been personally , but i 've been to saints days in lisbon and porto and they absolutely went off . 
  crossing the albanian border on foot . 
  damn lying thieving albanian taxi driver . 
  i 'm curious to know what the end result of this would be if you started with a few dozen unattractive women . 
  but if you 're considering artificial batting orders then surely australia on 2-4 january 1937 have a pretty good tail :, 
  -7 bradman ave 100, 
  -8 mccabe ave 48, 
  -9 darling ave 28, 
  -10 seivers first class average 30 ( only played 3 tests , so average of 13 is not really a reflection of how good he was ), 
  -11 oldfield ave 23, 
  ( edit : trying to get numbers to start at 7 , not 1 ), 
  i 'm not sure i would necessarily call that an advantage . 
  spain also has lots of small banks , but they 're all on the verge of insolvency and if they tip over the edge then their economy will implode . 
  what he brings to the team is that in last 5 years the list of nz fast bowlers who have taken more than 25 wickets look like [ this ] ( http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/stats/index.html?bowling_pacespin=1;class=1;filter=advanced;orderby=wickets;qualmin1=25;qualval1=wickets;spanmax1=25+nov+2011;spanmin1=25+nov+2006;spanval1=span;team=5;template=results;type=bowling ), 
  his bowling is n't actually that ineffectual , and nz does n't have anyone anywhere near as good ( sad but true ) . 
  i only looked at the thumbnail , but i agree it is a national shame that you are able to get bejeweled with bizou . 
  take a deep breath . 
  no , seriously it helps . 
  and go easy on the drink tonight as mentioned before . 
  there 's not a lot you can do today that will help , but too much drink will stop you doing tomorrow anything that might help on the path back . 
  [ tiny kox ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiny_kox ) is , surprisingly , the name he actually goes by . 
  i guess as a kid he could n't get the nickname `` 12 inch '' to stick . 
  good without god ? 
  over a hundred arabs were . 
  * according to the 2006 census and subsequent execution records, 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/family_tree ) - among the longest family trees in europe is that of niall no\u00edg\u00edallach which goes back to conn of the hundred battles ( fl 123ad ) . 
  you seem to have gone more than a thousand years further than that , so congratulations . 
  i wonder if they had read the weather forecast though - it would have been a touch embarrassing if the last 80 % of the day had n't been rained off and they spent the day battling for survival . 
  the thing i do n't understand is why hopkins thought nd would do that . 
  a ) they 're top of the table by a long way and b ) they had just as much chance of winning if they 'd followed on as if they had a target to chase . 
  well i overpaid my student loan to the inland revenue ( in new zealand ) and so they were kind enough to send me a [ cheque ] ( http://imgur.com/tpx38 ), 
  ok , i 'll start with the second page as the end bit is usually pretty standard . 
  i get it as follows :, 
  line 1 . desire john chatfeild of ??? 
  ( church ) to be overseer of this my last, 
  line 2 . will and testament . 
  x john wheatly his mark witnesseth john shepheard, 
  line 3 . 
  this will was proved at westminster the fourteenth day of, 
  line 4 . 
  february in the year of our lord one thousand six hundred fifty and three, 
  line 5 . before the judge for probat of wills and granting of administration, 
  line 6 . lawfully authorized by the oath of william wheatly the son and, 
  line 7 . executor named in the said will to whom administration was comitted, 
  line 8 . of all and singular the goods chattels and debts of the said deceased he, 
  line 9 . being first sworn by virtue of a speciall com ^ n duly to adm ^ r of same, 
  i ca n't quite make out the parish name of john chatfeild . 
  to me it looks a bit like chopley , but i 've done a quick look at google maps for towns around ringmer and ca n't see any village names that fit . 
  [ edit : formatting ], 
  in the first image i pretty much agree with what you have in the brackets . 
  line 3 . the county of sussex , yeoman beinge sick in body but of ~ ~ perfect ~ ~ remembrance, 
  line 20 . my daughter five pounds of lawfull mony in lieu of a ( hoysor bullock ) w ^ ch was, 
  line 21 . given her by her aunt bennett and my will and mind is that my executor, 
  line 22 . shall pay unto elizabeth my daughter for the use of the five pounds five, 
  line 26 . to her by my executor within one years next after my decease item i give, 
  line 35 to discharge in witness whereof i have hereunto sett my hand and, 
  line 36 . soule the day and year above written in the presence of ( and ) i do, 
  line 37 . desire, 
  i ca n't work out what mary and john 's last name is . 
  and the more i look at i think the aunt might be harriett . 
  hope all of this helps . 
  on the [ old bailey ] ( http://www.oldbaileyonline.org/browse.jsp?id=t18290611-355&amp;div=t18290611-355 ) website is has details of his trial . 
  he was 13 and was convicted of stealing a handkerchief worth one shilling - and for that he got sent to australia !, 
  and i thought my ancestor who got transportation for stealing a coat and trousers was harsh !, 
  i have golding among my direct ancestors , and its not too common . 
  if you know what parish they are from its usually not too hard to trace . 
  not that i 've made any progress on my golding 's mind you . 
  i also have an ancestor john brown and his wife mary smith . 
  have n't even bothered with them !, 
  have you tried googling `` how do i research my family history '' ? 
  seriously , it 's a good place to start . 
  because tracing your family tree is about find out your story , not someone else doing it for you . 
  if you are stuck with a place to start then there are plenty of people on this site who would be willing to help you out . 
  if your ancestry is english then i can help you out . 
  but once you get started it 's not the hardest task in the world but you 're going to have to do most of the work yourself . 
  so google is definitely your friend , because the more you learn yourself the more you 'll get out of it in the end . 
  new zealand always struggle against good quality spin bowling . 
  if you look up the stats of warne , murali , or even saeed ajmal , mushtaq ahmed or anil kumble you 'll find that they all have a much lower average and economy rate against new zealand than their career averages . 
  the pitches in new zealand are not conducive to good spin bowling and as a result young players get very little exposure to spin bowling of any kind , let alone quality spin . 
  i believe this is one of those things that its better to tell them about ... 
  did anyone else notice rupp hock a giant loogie onto the track and then farah was rolling on the ground in tiredness/excitment and oh so nearly rolled his face into it !, 
  i 'm sure if i was n't so lazy i could find a study showing that cognitive ability decreases with old age . 
  somehow i ca n't see her agreeing to cap the voting age at 60 !, 
  after reading this thread it seems that beggars can be , and quite frequently are , choosers !, 
  i bet it was steve . 
  * shakes fist at steve *, 
  i like to call it the pope-to-jesus ratio ^ tm . 
  you can tell how important a church is from this simple ratio . 
  he obviously does n't like the name richard .
