  when i went to mexico my friend would take us to get tacos every day . 
  we would n't even leave the car - just pull up to an intersection and there was a dude on the side of the road selling them . 
  we 'd buy some and then circle round the block back to her place . 
  it was great !, 
  last time i checked we did n't have any laws stopping poor quality photoshop images that look vaguely like nuclear weapons . 
  i agree about it being immensely frustrating . 
  the batsmen mdc mentions are all pretty decent , and whilst there is absolutely no depth whatsoever in the domestic game in new zealand , the six that we do have ( when jesse is sober ) should be good enough to complete effectively in internationals ( maybe not daniel flynn who i do n't rate very highly ) , so going so long without doing so is really hard to bear . 
  ok , i 'm guessing you are referring to the message that says, 
   this reference is not appropriate . 
   for more information , please refer to the guidelines . 
  if that is the case then i guess they have every right to remove that message . 
  having said that i looked at the guidelines and all they say is :, 
   remember that information in a reference must be descriptive and relevant to a couchsurfing experience . 
  do not use abusive or emotional language , and stick to a specific account of your experience . 
  i 'm guessing from the comment in your blog post ( which you said that you changed so i do n't know what the final removed comment said ) it was removed because you are posting hearsay about someone else 's experience with him , not your own . 
  whilst it is not entirely clear if this breaks the above rules , as it is still a couchsurfing experience . 
  the rules above are pretty vague . 
  you also included comments about the breakup of your relationship and subsequent breakdown which to me has more to do with the relationship itself rather than the couchsurfing experience . 
  are you able to write a new comment to replace the one that was deleted that is more specific and relevant ? 
  because if you are sure that your side of the story is the correct one then i feel that it 's quite important that something like that gets told . 
  whilst i would n't quite phrase it like that , i think she has very harsh features , which seem to attract a lot of people , but not me personally . 
   `` but honestly , most people do n't expect 100 % pure . '', 
  while the above sentence is true , i think think that people would at least like to think that , relatively speaking , we are reasonably pure . 
  but the fact of the matter is new zealanders produce a very high level of emissions per capita , and thinks like recycling and the like are not done extensively . 
  and worst of all are our agricultural industries , which are seen as economically , culturally and politically taboo when it comes to try to clean them up . 
  quite frankly we are saved by the fact that we have among the lowest population densities in the world and that we have a strong and consistent westerly wind to blow much of the pollution we do create out to sea . 
  the don would be equal at the bottom there on 108 ( from 80 innings ), 
  sangakkara on 125 is another i can think of . 
  but i imagine the top 5 would have to be right . 
  i ca n't think of anyone who would come close to them . 
  as long as there is a well funded lobbying machine which stands to benefit hugely from such an act at the expense of regular people this issue will never be dead , merely lying dormant ready to strike again when the opportunity arises . 
  it also does n't show the different types of guns . 
  as a new zealander i was surprised to see the number of guns per capita as high as it is ( about 1/4 of usa ) but i do know a few people with guns and they are always hunters with hunting rifles or farmers with various guns ( again mostly hunting rifles ) . 
  the number of handguns and automatic weapons of any kind is very low , hence the low rate of gun violence in new zealand . 
  i think it shows the poor state of nz cricket at the moment that these three have been picked . 
  whilst no doubt all three have plenty of talent , none of them have done anything that would suggest they deserve a place in an international team . 
  colin has had a great half season in first class cricket , but his one day best is still about 70 i think . 
  i do hope so badly that they can prove me wrong , but i ca n't help but think it will be one way traffic . 
  have you ever had a car jump onto the sidewalk and head straight towards you ? 
  your first instinct is to brace for impact , not to try to run away . 
  is your left ear like your first penis ? 
  or is it also like your second penis ? 
  `` you 've have been a real life saver '', 
  my great grandparents were first cousins . 
  but to make it worse my great grandfather was born in new zealand and sailed to england in his thirties and brought back his cousin who he married . 
  one of his brothers also married a cousin in england and brought her back to new zealand . 
  cockney is actually quite hilarious ( and mostly indecipherable ) when they use their rhyming slang . 
  if you 're going to put a number , why not put a whole name as well ? 
  the bowlers were sent out to play out until the end of the day . 
  two days later after the rest day when the pitch had dried up somewhat the regular top order batsmen resumed their duties . 
  i did find waltzing matilda a bit of an odd choice this morning . 
  whilst the d/l method does have some faults , they lie mostly at the extreme end of the spectrum involving high scoring rates , few wickets lost and many overs remaining ; situations that occur only infrequently . 
  but it is vastly superior to nrr , and is apparently the best method available at the current point in time , so why should we not be using it ? 
  it 's not some new-founded method that 's just sprung up - it 's been used widely in international cricket for 14 years now . 
  the only people these days who think we should go back to the old nrr system are those who think `` i do n't understand it - therefore it 's bad '' . 
  if it works for rain reduced matches then there 's no reason for it not to work in determining the equivalent of nrr for teams with the same points . 
  actually , i would go even further and say i could see a worthwhile points system that * only * uses the d/l method . 
  if you win by 50 runs ( whether it 's batting first win , or a d/l method adjusted second innings win ) then you get 50 points , and the losing team gets -50 . 
  sure you take the importance of winning and losing out of the equation , but you also make ** every single ball ** important in determining the outcome of a tournament . 
  you 're right , and there needs to be some kind of bonus for winning matches , but in terms of determining which is the best team in a particular tournament is there really that much difference in quality between a team that wins by 1 run or loses by 1 run ? 
  ^ [ citation ^ needed ], 
  wikipedia attributes the dominances of catholicism in poland to world war two and the holocaust of the jews under german occupation and the later fleeing of protestant germans under soviet occupation . 
  when i went to beijing you could barely even see the sun , let alone stars , even though there were no ( normal ) clouds in the sky . 
  my scariest story about pollution is not about beijing . 
  it 's worse there than any place i 've been , but all big cities are a little bit polluted , even in the west . 
  but i took a 2 hour taxi ride through the sichuan countryside to get to chengdu airport . 
  it was the middle of the night and there was a thick fog the whole way , you could n't see more than 20-30 metres in front or out into the fields . 
  but it was n't fog , it was all pollution . 
  i do n't know if you 've seen this before , but there is another rickerson pierce living in mississippi in 1850 born in north carolina but who is living with an elizabeth pierce born in georgia . 
  it 's probably a red herring , but how common can the name rickerson pierce be ? 
  actually , under the french law , wearing ski masks , balaclavas etc is [ illegal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_ban_on_face_covering ) as well . 
  i believe you are right . 
  i know there are exemptions for motor cycle helmets which if i recall correctly extend far further than just wearing them whilst riding . 
  i also presume that context matters and that if you were skiing you would not get arrested for covering your face . 
  third world food and third world toiletry facilities . 
  zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance, 
  i 'm not sure about you - but i do n't tie my shoes 24 times per day . 
  i thought hamburg was in germany ? 
  i missed don bradman cricket 13 - will i still understand the plot ? 
  his first 52 was from 47 balls , so that makes 93 from the next 32 balls . 
  not bad ... 13 fours and 5 sixes . 
  is there a diet opencola recipe available ? 
  i 'm watching my figure , so i need a low calorie drink to wash down my burger and fries . 
  copacabana no longer has any vans , they were banned a few months ago in the whole of zona sul . 
  although if you pay attention you can still still a few vans with the windows painted over that let passengers out , but do n't do pickups . 
  copacabana no longer has any vans , as they are banned in zona sul now , but he said he was staying an hour west of there . 
  i assume he was giving this as a reference because most of the jmj ( world youth day ) stuff was happening along avenida atlantica and copacabana beach . 
  from memory they did n't even know they were competing in the olympics - the match was an exhibition match as part of the world fair being held in paris at the time and it was only officially recognised as being an olympic event a decade later . 
  his occupation is listed as clerk i.e. 
  another name for a reverend . 
  the s ( tanislaus ) s blanchard op is looking for is possibly the son of the stanislaus blanchard who was the carpenter , and probably came to s.c. from france with his brother ( ? ), 
  edward . 
  except i can see in the 1880 census on familysearch a stan blanchard born about the correct year who is listed was `` working on r.r '' which i take to mean working on the railroad , which is a long way from a clerk in holy orders . 
  also his children do n't match up to the children listed in the 1870 census linked above . 
  that link says he is already a travelling preacher and that he was elected and ordained an elder in 1890 . 
  the [ i.o.o.f ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_order_of_odd_fellows ) is the independent order of odd fellows of which this s.s. blanchard ( not 100 % sure it 's the same one ) was a brother , and i think a secretary . 
  have n't quite figured out what the title r.h.s to n.g. 
  stands for . 
  really ? 
  i have a lot of reverends in my tree and in censuses they are usually listed as `` clerk in holy orders '' , so i 'm not sure why people have been downvoting my post .
