  they 're already in a broken home . 
  the sooner you realise that the better it will turn out for them . 
  do you want them to grow up thinking this kind of resentment is normal ? 
  you seem to know many superficial things , but do you have any idea what she likes , or what she enjoys doing ? 
  just because you 're already married does n't mean you ca n't attempt to romance her in a fairly traditional way . 
  does she like coffee and pancakes ? 
  make her some for breakfast one morning . 
  does she like flowers ? 
  put a rose in front of her door one day . 
  does she like a particular artist ? 
  buy tickets to see his work together . 
  does she like philosophy ? 
  stick an inspiring quote to her door . 
  if you answer `` i do n't know '' to any of these questions then do it anyway . 
  she 's not going to hold it against you that you tried , but if she does at least you 'll find out quickly that this marriage is not going to work . 
  well , it 's the highest ever for the only partnership in a match , so it 's still `` some kind of record '' . 
  if your friend has down syndrome ( which sounds like it might be a possibility ) then he would indeed have an extra chromosome . 
  i had my proposal all planned out . 
  it was to be while we were on holiday in tokyo , in the imperial palace gardens under a cherry blossom tree . 
  the one thing i forgot about it 's that it was in january , and there were no flowers ( or leaves ) on the trees , and it was zero degrees ( 32f ) and there are n't any seats in the gardens . 
  so we were sat on the concrete , eating supermarket sushi freezing our butts off under trees that may have once been cherry blossoms . 
  she still said yes though . 
  firstly , the legal age for marriage without parental consent in most states is 18 , so unless both you and her parents both agree this wedding is not going ahead . 
  secondly , i ca n't help think there is something missing from this conversation . 
  another poster suggested a pregnancy , but i think she may have grown up in a conservative household and told him `` no sex before marriage '' . 
  so , thinking with his penis , he has decided that the best solution is to just get married . 
  i think you need to go over the consequences , as clearly he has n't thought it through . 
  he sounds to me less of a doormat and more like a vulnerable cancer patient being manipulated by an abusive partner . 
  mike needs therapy urgently . 
  if it was me , i would clue his father into what 's going on and see if he can get mile the help he needs . 
  he has done nothing to suggest that regrets cheating , only that he regrets getting caught . 
  he 's also failed spectacularly to take responsibility for his own cheating , instead blaming her for his indiscretions . 
  he will cheat again if given the chance . 
  `` i really want to have sex with you , but not in a romantic way , because i 'm your boss and that 'd be inappropriate . '', 
  i disagree that kaylee is just as much to blame . 
  from the little i 've read from rbn she also seems the victim of a form of abuse . 
  sure she was showered with love , but none of it was ever unconditional . 
  she could either accept the `` love '' or , in sticking up for her twin , suffer the same abuse that charlotte received . 
  she was still just a kid when charlotte left . 
  we do n't even know how their relationship changed once their scapegoat left . 
  that said , she is an adult now and she should be able to recognise the abuse that charlotte suffered . 
  if so , she is now able to stick up for her twin and cut her parents out entirely . 
  if she does then i see no reason not to ( very cautiously ) rebuild a relationship with her . 
  the problem with this is that it really does n't work . 
  money is fungible . 
  if you give someone essentials that mean they have more money to spend on booze then makes no difference if you just give them cash ( or even booze ! ), 
  say in this example she has an allowance of # 100 a week and necessities ( food and baby stuff ) of # 100 . 
  if you give her # 100 of food and baby stuff each week then she has # 100 to spend on booze instead . 
  if you give her # 100 of booze a week then she 's got # 100 left over to pay for necessities . 
  there is no difference . 
  in both cases you are funding her booze habit . 
  take copies of the worst stuff and threaten to send it to her parents if she does n't move out straight away *, 
  ^ ^ * warning ^ ^ - ^ ^ may ^ ^ not ^ ^ be ^ ^ 100 % ^ ^ legal, 
  this is probably illegal , depending on the jurisdiction , so i strongly recommend not doing this . 
  op - you say you have a deputy friend , check with him before you attempt anything like this . 
  it sounds like your ex knows the law around tenancy rights fairly well and probably wo n't hesitate to call the cops on you if you try something like this . 
  also , while she lives out the eviction process i suggest you make her time as difficult as possible . 
  make sure there is no food , drink , toilet paper , towels , etc that are not locked away . 
  change the password on the wifi . 
  learn to play the bagpipes at 7am on a sunday . 
  do n't this be another free ride for her . 
  or better yet , go there and shamelessly flirt with her bf . 
  bonus points if you succeed . 
  except unless you face this issue it 's never going to go away . 
  you 'll have to sit out the next function , and the next , until your child will be 18 and will never have experienced a christmas with your family . 
  remember , you 're not the cause of this drama . 
  your reply makes it seem like you feel guilty for this . 
  why ? 
  she 's either lying to ( and about ) you or someone else is . 
  if you stay away then they get exactly what they want and you get to stay at home and drink from a paper bag this christmas . 
  you need to go and have fun and catch up with your family . 
  it 's good that you sent your daughter to her grandparents , in case she causes drama , but it 's not your fault . 
  i want really serious about this , but i was trying to emphasise that you need to enjoy your life and not let someone else 's insecurities dictate it for you . 
  there 's always a choice . 
  and to be fair staying at home is a perfectly reasonable choice . 
  but it 's still a choice . 
  or embedding the jenga piece into it would be better !, 
  no way . 
  he is in the wrong , she should pack his bags and tell him that he has to go live with his mommy . 
  short for nichole maybe ? 
  i 'm sure ben has agreed to jerk off every night into a turkey baster until further notice ... 
  or maybe it will make you permanently incapable of masturbating ? 
  shane bond did n't really excel as much at a young age . 
  he also took time off cricket to train to be a policeman . 
  it was only when he returned in his mid twenties did he develop into a great bowler . 
  by contrast cummins was being talked about as potentially the greatest bowler of all time when he was 17 and yet to play a first class match . 
  in terms of style they are similar , and both put great stresses on their bodies , but career-wise there is no comparison . 
  exactly . 
  figure out how much it is worth for you and her and tell her you 'll amend the agreement ( through legal channels ) for the larger of the two numbers . 
  my guess is that it 's worth a whole lot more than $ 1000 . 
  yeah , that 's crazy . 
  ops fianc\u00e9 is basically a slave . 
  he does what his paternal slavelord tells him to do and his father gets all his pay . 
  why on earth would op want to marry him if he ca n't stand up for himself ? 
  and she just found out that he 's much stupider than she thought !, 
  if she 's not changing employer then she does n't need to give any notice - it 's up to company policy to decide how long she needs to stay . 
  of course they can . 
  and if they can prove that he was billed incorrectly then legally he owes them money for as long as the statute of limitations in his jurisdiction . 
  if i was op then i would put $ 100 a month into a comcast emergency rebilling account and if they still have n't rebilled in a couple of years then he will have a nice big holiday fund to spend . 
  and tonight klay thompson surpassed the next highest player for most 3 pointers in a season while not being your team 's top scorer .
