  my tree is mostly in the u.k. so perhaps in the u.s. this expression is not so common . 
  as per [ this wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minister_%28christianity%29 ) `` the term clerk in holy orders is still the technical title for certain christian clergy , and its usage is prevalent in ecclesiastical and canon law . 
  holy orders refer to any recipient of the sacrament of ordination , both the major orders ( bishops , priests and deacons ) and the now less known minor orders ( acolyte , lector , exorcist and porter ) who , save for certain reforms made at the second vatican council in the roman catholic church , were called clerics or clerk , which is simply a shorter form of cleric '', 
  familysearch.org only returns one hit for elias in 1920 . 
  perhaps it is just ancestry ( or whatever site that you are using ) that has transcribed him twice ? 
  [ this book ] ( http://books.google.com.br/books?id=w3s9aaaayaaj&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=vcyvuvgogova9qsco4gwbw&amp;ved=0cc0q6aewaa ) has the name of the preacher that was elected an elder as `` stanislaus s blanchard '', 
  i do n't have access to the censuses on ancestry , but i can see it on familysearch now and you 're right , it is undoubtedly the same person , but with completely different info . 
  unless the familysearch transcription is wrong then the age , father and sons names , the neighbours names and whether they can read/write , the address number are all different !, 
  [ this book ] ( http://books.google.com.br/books?ei=tikvuvmzjoo-8asc74c4cw&amp;id=vxo9aaaayaaj ) has his name spelt `` staneslaus s blanchard '' and has him being elected deacon in 1887 . 
  my feeling is that the name stanhope is a mistranscription of staneslaus and that they are probably the same person . 
  they were n't lying when they called him a travelling preacher !, 
  again i do n't have access to ancestry , but i assume this is the 1850 census that shows on familysearch stanislaus sr and jr with a whole bunch of other family living in the same house . 
  the 1860 does n't have much detail on familysearch but it shows all the children from 1850 on the same image as edward and celia , except staneslaus jr who is living with stanelaus sr. 
  without being able to look at what relationships the originals say that makes me think that maybe staneslaus jr might be a child of edward , not staneslaus sr. 
  i 'd also be tempted to drop kallis , but i would want imran khan in his place . 
  kallis ' bowling is not really good enough to be a third seamer whereas imran 's bowling alone would put him on the fringe of an all time team but his batting was good enough to put him at number 6 ( or number 7 behind gilchrist/flower ) . 
  although if the pitch did n't suit two spinners then you could justify putting kallis ( or probably sobers ) as 4th seamer/number 6 . 
  although if i was able to pick someone based on their prime , rather than throughout their whole career then i would probably pick ian botham . 
  i think his point is that we , as a society , should be more than capable of ensuring that everyone has food , shelter , clothing and the like without people being required to perform jobs that , in reality , do n't actually achieve much . 
  the earliest person i have personally found in parish records is someone in 1656 in lugano , switzerland . 
  it 's pretty crazy reading through archaic records in italian when you do n't speak a word of the language . 
  he was pretty famous , so someone had already found him in the parish records , but noone had bothered to record his parents names , or any siblings ( of which i found two ) . 
  i might be generalising a bit , but hotel prices double in summer anyway , and then double again during carnival . 
  an increase of 583 % seems to be , whilst not entirely reasonable , completely expected . 
  actually double an already double price is a 300 % increase , which is n't far off , the almost 7 times increase that the article suggests . 
  i think the real problem is that brazil in general , and rio de janeiro in particular , does not have the infrastructure in place to host such an event as the world cup and the olympics . 
  this is what allows businesses like this to charge such exorbitant amounts . 
  during the recent jmj ( catholic world youth day ) close to a million people slept outside , mostly on copacabana beach and the entire suburb of copacabana smelt like piss due to the 2 + hour queues to use the portable toilets . 
  something like just this is n't going to fly during the olympics . 
  my great grandfather 's cousin was named emily penny bartrum , being given her mother 's maiden name as a middle name . 
  she married her first cousin , and can be found in census records under the name emily penny penny !, 
  i had a second instance of this happening , but the lady dropped her middle name ( or just dropped her maiden name depending on how you look at it ), 
  i had a friend in high school who was heavily into dungeons and dragons . 
  he spent years creating his own worlds which were vastly more sophisticated and internally consistent that the christian religion . 
  also - other people may not wish you to see their balls , so it is courteous to `` keep your eyes above ball level '' , even if you do `` want to see balls '' . 
  especially if you want to see balls ... 
  i think the oatmeal desribed my [ pet peeve ] ( http://theoatmeal.com/pl/minor_differences2/locker_room ) best . 
  these things are never particularly accurate , but to me that looks like one of your `` german '' grandparents was actually of british heritage . 
  would this be a possibility ? 
  how well do you know the family history of the two german grandparents ? 
  yeah , i too really enjoyed watching don bradman play odi cricket !, 
  totally agreed . 
  any odi batting list that does n't include viv richards ( or anyone who played a single odi before 1989 ) is a bit of a joke . 
  what about desmond haynes/gordon greenidge ? 
  what about dean jones ? 
  i know , i was just being facetious , sorry . 
  and yes , don bradman would probably have to be , statistically speaking , the best player in the history of any sport , let alone cricket . 
  the only person i can think of that comes close is [ esther vergeer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esther_vergeer ) . 
  wayne gretzky i do n't think so . 
  sure he was the best ice hockey player ever , but not by such an enormous margin that he dwarves everyone else that ever played . 
  aleksandr karelin is not someone i 've heard of , but you 're right , he may well be up there . 
  given the fact that the european royal families are so inbred over the years it 's probably likely that they share common ancestry with all royalty from 1000 years ago , not just a single one . 
  from what i can gather from a bit of googling the case * nba vs motorola * [ 1997 ] basically states that factual information about unscripted live events is not copyrightable in america , so i guess this ruling will do nothing more than drive indian websites out of business . 
   boehner says , `` how can you raise the debt limit and do nothing about the underlying problem ? '', 
  i agree wholeheartedly , except the underlying problems are two-fold - historically low taxes that are not sufficient to cover the spending priorities that the majority of voters like , and cyclically high spending caused by a recession brought on by lax regulation in the financial sector . 
  so unless he is trying to raise taxes and increase regulations on financial institutions then i suggest he do his job and keep the government running . 
  if you 're looking for australia or new zealand then the bdm records are a good place to start . 
  the registry offices of nz , qld , nsw & wa all have their records available online and sa 's has been transcribed by the sog in sa . 
  victoria 's is not currently available i think and i 've not needed to check act/tas/nt records . 
  the birth records are usually closed for about 100 years though , so you 'll need to do a bit of research first to get you to this time period . 
  i find google to be great , especially if your ancestors have uncommon names . 
  my great x 5 grandfather was an italian sculptor who came to england in 1750 and noone seemed to know much about his life before that . 
  on google books i found a book in spanish dated around the late 1700s that said he lived in madrid for a couple of years in the late 1740s teaching sculpture to the king 's son before the contractor who employed him stopped paying him and so he left and went to england . 
  did he come back next year and do the talk about toilet paper ? 
  i 'm curious now . 
  simplistically speaking the current account deficit is the whole country 's deficit , so it includes the goverment deficit as well as household deficits . 
  the problem with this narrative ( apart from the left wing media conspiracy ) is that it 's wildly inaccurate . 
  according to the cbo government spending is going to come in at around 21.5 % of gdp this year . 
  that 's only slightly higher than the historical average over the past 40 years of about 21 % ( and infact if you exclude interest payments then other spending is actually lower than the historical average ) . 
  the reason why the deficit is so high is that government income is only at 15 % of gdp , which is considerably lower than the historical average of about 18 % . 
  there is a reason why no republican ( or democrat for that matter ) has proposed any explicit areas of spending to cut ( apart from vague promises to reduce spending generally ) and that is there is not a lot of excess left to cut apart from areas of spending that are hugely popular . 
  edit : these numbers are from may this year . 
  i looked on the cbo website to try to find if they have updated spending figures to adjust for the government shutdown , but it seems they are mostly closed because of said shutdown . 
  also the 15 % number above is actually 2012 's number . 
  it seems with the bush tax cuts expiring the 2013 number will be something more like 17.5 % so the deficit will be down to 4 % - about the same as it was in 2004 when we were n't still recovering from the worst recession in 80 years . 
  edit2 : net interest expense is actually slightly lower currently than the historical average so my point about that is actually incorrect . 
  actually `` discretionary '' spending as a percentage of the economy actually went down just about every single year for 30 years before george w bush 's presidency . 
  and apart from obama 's first year it has gone down every year since . 
  and blaming obama for a recession that hit the year before he entered office is just inventing things to fit your own personal narrative . 
  6,000 mw = 52,590,000 mwh/year ( assuming full capacity as i 'm guessing the 6,000 mw number is a maximum number during sunshine hours ) . 
  but anyway , it 's probably just under 1 % of the total , which you 're right is a long way off a golden age , but if it can be doubled every year then who knows what the situation will be in just 5 years even . 
  i did the same trip , except starting in budapest and i took the train to belgrade and then on to skopje . 
  a few points - i found skopje boring and wished i 'd gone with my mate on a day trip to kosovo - make sure you have a map ( or google maps on your phone ) we got lost terribly in ohrid trying to find the bus station and we were lucky to find a local who spoke a little bit of german which my mate spoke - the only border crossing that was difficult was albania into montenegro . 
  i got some false information from a seedy taxi driver and got dropped off at the border only to walk across and find absolutely nothing on the other side . 
  except it seems that they are compromising on the parts of the legislation that their corporate friends dislike , and not the parts that affect individuals who want their privacy protected . 
   my guess is there are very few people alive who are as easy to shoot as he is . 
  or as difficult to shoot as he is . 
  after so many years of doing it , i 'm sure he has strong opinions about how he likes it to be done . 
  if this clashes with the photographers own vision it might be tough to manage . 
  well i 'm offended that you are not in the process of giving me all your money . 
  so please do so . 
  exactly , but my point is that noone has the right not to be offended . 
  because then stupid people can ( and do ) choose to be offended over ridiculous stuff . 
  i agree , he sounds like a decent guy , i guess i was speaking more generally about people who have loads of experience with these types of shoots not necessarily being easy to work with because of that experience . 
  ninja edit : i also disagree with labelling all supermodels in that category , i 'm sure some are easy to work with and some difficult . 
  unlike america , new zealand does not actually has an inherent right to free speech in its laws . 
  section 14 of the new zealand bill of rights act 1990 does protect freedom of expression of opinions to a limited extent , but other statutes , such as that mentioned by / u/jephs above prohibit speech intended to offend or insult . 
  i agree entirely , the lady is a xenophobic lunatic and i beleive the verdict in this case is the correct one , but if she 'd merely informed the other lady calmly and politely that she believed she should n't wear the veil or even if she 'd told her that her religion was stupid ( that one 's a little bit harder to argue that it is n't intended to offend ) then she does n't have the right to stop anyone saying that because she chooses to be offended by it . 
  actually , i do n't know about your jurisdiction , but where i grew up a verbal agreement was equally as legally enforceable as a signed written contract ( albeit much more difficult to prove ) . 
  it 's like watching the auditions at american idol !,
