  if i remember correctly christopher tin u/christophertin released this song on a creative commons license , so there should n't be any problem . 
  he did an ama about a year ago which you should read if you 're interested . 
  my mistake . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  love your work !, 
  if she does it in your presence , then alabama is a one party consent state , so you might be able to record it ( although her abusing the daughter might be considered a separate conversation that you are not party to ), 
  maybe on palmerston street or mackay street , but definitely not queen street or even lambton quay . 
  maybe just give him back a dildo so he can go fuck himself, 
  i 've not played multiplayer , but i believe you can set up a save game file for both of you to use by playing a few years by yourself . 
  if it was me i think i would create a kingdom with a vassal merchant republic . 
  perhaps conquering brittany as france ( or west francia ) . 
  that way you get the benefit of a vassal merchant republic without the wrong government type opinion modifier . 
  you can still get all the taxes . 
  in fact you could give the vassal merchant republic every city in your whole realm as a vassal and both of you will be swimming in money . 
  actually , with an experienced player as the vassal and a newbie as leige you can set taxes at max and not have to worry about opinion penalties . 
  that way the new player will get an extra income stream to help them learn the game . 
  what are the pros and cons of creating vassal merchant republics and theocracies ? 
  furthermore , what are the pros and cons of transferring the vassalage of every city and church in your realm to the doge and prince bishop ? 
  i think this should be illuminating to anyone who talks about donald trump being impeached . 
  there is virtually no chance that this will happen . 
  even if democrats win the house ( which with the partisan and geographical gerrymandering is still looking no more likely than 50-50 ) they have absolutely no chance of getting enough votes in the senate until after 2020 and even then it is more likely that trump will get voted out than it is that the democrats will get a veto proof majority in the senate . 
  this is n't the 70s where as many as 20 % of politicians may have voted against the president ( yes , even then it was that low ) . 
  we live in such partisan times that without hard direct evidence of collusion by trump personally i would be surprised if even a single republican from either house voted for impeachment . 
  i 'm pretty sure that their standard is `` not hillary '' . 
  and i think this is one area where he has been doing a pretty good job . 
  he took a flight that he paid for through an agent . 
  he has no agreement with any other third party to pay for the flight . 
  if the airline/debt collector want to collect money they need to go after the agent . 
  they look harder . 
  or they send hollow complaints to gullible third parties hoping they are stupid enough and scared enough of the police to cough up the money they have lost . 
  i 'm not familiar with virginia law ( or us law in general ) but in my jurisdiction , if a reasonable man would have believed that they were purchasing authentic plane tickets then they would have no liability to the third party if said tickets were fraudulently obtained . 
  the police wo n't care . 
  as far as i can tell you did nothing illegal . 
  there 's a small chance that you have civil liability , but if so there 's an established procedure that will be followed before you should pay anything over . 
  first the debt collection agency will send you a demand letter , then you dispute it , then they sue wherein they will have to price that you legally or them that debt . 
  if they do n't follow this procedure then they are probably trying to scam you out of your money . 
  if they threaten to call the police on you if you do n't pay them that is extortion and you could contact the police first and report them . 
  a very good idea . 
  but do not ignore it if you get a written demand letter . 
  and if you get a court summons then absolutely do not ignore that . 
  i know . 
  i 've seen the map and africa is no bigger than greenland . 
  and noone is suggesting we have more than one ambassador to greenland . 
  this works with dukes and kings as well and it 's useful to know if you want to wage de jure wars as a king/emperor and keep the conquered holdings for yourself . 
  if you target the holdings of the king then you will receive the holding unowned , but if you target the holding of a count you will receive the count as a vassal . 
  my emperor died and my heir ( and half of my realm it seems ) is a secret orthodox follower . 
  how do i stop being a secret orthodox follower , or should i just embrace it and join a secret society ? 
  i 've never played merchant republic before , but it might work in a similar way as trying to revoke barony level titles without tyranny for feudal lords . 
  the easiest way is to grant them a county in your capital duchy , then revoke it with a plot . 
  then when they revolt you can claim the county and revoke the barony free of charge . 
  i 'm not sure when the last time you looked at the nasdaq was , but apple and alphabet are both with far more than $ 500bn, 
  harden and westbrook to golden state confirmed . 
  i 've just started reading the book and in this chapter she says his favourite stories were about brandon the builder . 
  seems an obscure detail to change when the rest of her words are practically the same . 
  100 % of all babies conceived under reagan were aborted plus an extra 1 % of babies that were conceived before he was elected . 
  remember that there is practically no way your bf wo n't find out about this . 
  the guy you kissed has no real incentive to keep this quiet and if he wants to try to hook up with you then it would benefit him if your bf found out . 
  or blame his mother . 
  say all of the stress she caused by threatening her is what caused the miscarriage . 
  if you 're going to lie might as well make it a doozie . 
  because they knew they were going to lose , so their only option is to boycott and claim that the poll was illigitimate and that if they had n't boycotted they definitely would have won . 
  does the 90 day rule still apply to a canadian company ? 
  3 weeks minimum , all paid in advance . 
  ianal but if they were common law married , surely after 16 years apart they would now be common law divorced by now ? 
  the fastest way to gain a cb on land is to invite a claimant to your court , land him , then press his claim . 
  you can do a person search for people who want to join your realm and see if they have a small on their avatar . 
  or you can click through individual counties and click the claimants button and see if any want to join . 
  this may get a bit tedious . 
  i usually reserve empty counties in my capital duchy to land claimants . 
  that way i can easily plot to revoke the county later by decision . 
  these plots usually cause a war , but that 's good because then you can revoke two counties at one time without incurring tyranny . 
  invite lots of high intrigue women to your court . 
  they contribute a lot to your plot power . 
  then you can go on a murdering steak and wipe out any dynasty that you do n't like . 
  this works especially well for merchant republics and rival patricians . 
  known murderer malus be damned . 
  it 's probably not his daughter either ... 
  just plot to kill her and stop moaning . 
  i think it 's important to emphasise that golf is n't the problem . 
  being president is supposed to be a stressful job . 
  golf is quite a good way to releive stress and in turn help you perform better as a president . 
  the problem with trump golfing is party , as you say , his hypocrisy . 
  but mostly the problem with it is that he is using government resources to enrich himself because he is paying to stay at his own properties and forcing the ss to hire his golf carts and everything else that we do n't know about . 
  more like the dude is wanted by interpol . 
  most probably for scamming rich single women . 
  the democrat incumbent ran unopposed in 2016 , so it 's hard to say what would have happened had he had a challenger . 
  in the previous election the democratic incumbent won with roughly the same margin as obama . 
  to have a non-incumbent won by 20 is impressive , but turnout was so low that it 's hard to extrapolate much out of this election . 
  yes , but in which direction ? 
  could he argue that he opted out of the contract by not booking any further training sessions for two years ? 
  or does he have to have renounced the contract in writing before his 18th birthday ? 
  so it was released on the 8th of duodecadenember ? 
  makes sense . 
  his roommate does n't though , so surely they should be given notice to vacate as soon as possible and then evicted ? 
  what about repairs and maintenance of the house , would the boyfriend be liable to pay for that ? 
  the rape charges have already been dropped , it 's just the bail dodging that 's keeping him in the embassy now . 
  are you able to try multiple conversion attempts until you get the ideas that you want ? 
  i 've just done a dublin to britannia game . 
  tribal governments are ridiculously overpowered . 
  mann is a little bit trickier than ireland to start with because you only have one neighbour to raid .
