  we suppose we are right . 
  in any case , what you are experiencing is not normal , and we are attempting to make the uh ... membrane ? 
  make the membrane behave normally ? 
  motivating their star to nova would work , but that seems rather heavy-handed and selfish to resolve what is uniquely this species ' problem . 
  but it feels appealing , it 's straining for us to focus in on anything this narrowly . 
  out of the question . 
  many of them are of the same opinion , that should be respected . 
  though our vexation is real ... 
  which is why what your species would consider a good number of people were able to accumulate here before it drew our notice . 
  there are many things happening on a galactic scale that needed to be addressed , though this is understandably distressing . 
  well , while we were concerned about explaining what had occurred to the beings here , we 've found a way to reenergize the threshold without prematurely destroying their planet . 
  we 'll blow up a neighboring star , it is surrounded by dry rocks and simple , single celled organisms . 
  are we suggesting that single celled organisms are not as valuable as multicelled ones ? 
  do n't start on this again with us . 
  they are sapient . 
  order demands their passage . 
  well then . 
  by all means . 
  in that moment , a wave of warmth cascaded out from the point all those in the room that was n't a room were facing , followed by a burst of bright light that hung suspended there . 
  the people were stunned , but then , tentatively , the first few rows proceeded forward into it and vanished . 
  silence had returned to my head ... it seemed safe to proceed . 
  several elongated steps pulled me forward toward the light and then, 
  avatar sequel , set in their world equivalent of the late 1970 's , early 1980 's . 
  a cold war is raging between communist style equalist nations and hyper capitalist nations where benders are the upper class . 
  two twin boys are born in a communist nation . 
  the government , knowing that korra has just died , tries to steal every child born on the day of her death to raise that child , potentially the avatar , as a super soldier . 
  the parents hide one boy but the other is taken . 
  it turns out that the spirit of raava lives in both boys . 
  both of them are the avatar , one is being raised to be a ruthlessly efficient force of destruction in the war against the bending nations , the other is trying to understand his powers in a world where all information about bending is banned . 
  and then !, 
  to complete the cycle , the fourth series would be about a fire nation avatar and her life in an akira-inspired mid-21st century cyberpunk world . 
  i was also thinking one could be the raava avatar and the other could be the vaatu avatar , now that the idea of dark avatar has been introduced ? 
  but yeah !, 
  nuke 's and mutually assured destruction , against a background of big ties , the fading of disco music and the rise of synth , and all of the strangeness of the 1980 's ... 
  if only !, 
  posting this for my sister , who is new to reddit . 
  `` hey guys !, 
  i 'm a freshman journalism major , and i 'm looking to expand my ability with film and photography . 
  as a journalism major , i understand the importance of diversifying my portfolio . 
  in just my first semester of college , i 've been involved in a lot of filmmaking : i 'm producing videos for our on campus newspaper , our news magazine , local concerts , and my own projects . 
  so far i 've used school equipment or i work with someone that has their own equipment . 
  i know that having my own equipment will allow me to be more independent and produce content in a quicker fashion . 
  the main equipment pieces i have used are the cannon t51 and the cannon rebel sl1 . 
  * i have about $ 800 to spend on a camera . 
  * i like the sl1 because it/along with a 50 mm lens does wonders in low light ( here is a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa8klahqcao ), 
  * i was looking at the sony a6000 mirrorless and the autofocus on that camera is amazing , but i did not seem too impressed with the lowlight samples i saw . 
  * also since i 'm showing videos , i do like to interview artists that come to town . 
  i have interviewed members of of montreal , cloud nothings , speedy ortiz , and robert delong . 
  you can check those out on here : https://www.youtube.com/channel/uchu10mv4m_aah2udzj599oa, 
  * the robert delong and speedy ortiz interviews were shot on a lumix mirrorless camera . 
  pretty much i 'm looking for a camera that can work well in low and bright lighting . 
  should i stick with the sl1 or maybe find a mirrorless ? 
  or should i just put money on a nice lens and keep using other people 's stuff ? 
  what is your opinion ? 
  do you see any great cyber monday deals ? '', 
  ** tl : dr ** college freshman sister has $ 800 , is looking for camera she can use for music journalism ( low light concerts and interviews ) and other general journalism projects , is considering cannon rebel sl1 and sony a6000 , but is open to your opinions . 
  great , thank you for the heads up !, 
  i 'll pass it along . 
  air hockey . 
  field hockey . 
  ice hockey . 
  now . 
  the four elements are united by fire hockey . 
  honestly , only monstress # 2 . 
  take your upvote , you filthy animal, 
  you kick ass and need to keep being awesome, 
  one direction kick drum ? 
  tell me more ? 
  i mean , yeah . 
  none of those things affect me . 
  but nascar dads do . 
  c'mon man , it 's the 21st century , try and live in it . 
  i 'm a proctoid . 
  i sneak there for lunch time masses . 
  how are the sunday services ? 
  fantastic , thank you !, 
  wonderful !, 
  i 'll definitely check out both before picking a place for the inlaws . 
  nice !, 
  my church in college was dominican . 
  i 've always had a soft spot for the order and i 'd love to check this out . 
  thank you !, 
  dolores twisted the door handle down as hard as she could , then twice more , but each effort was met with the blunt sound of metal trapped in metal . 
  she was only carrying one key and it was n't for this door . 
  `` guys ? 
  hello ? 
  hello ! '', 
  she cupped her hand against the threaded glass window and screamed into the darkness on the other side , `` i 'm still in here !, 
  hello !? '', 
  the long hallway smelled like fresh meat , and far on its other end , past its curves and divergences , were two tigers inside their thick barred cage , both feasting on the deer meat that dolores had delivered . 
  she sat with her back against the door and placed her elbows on her bent knees and her head in her hands . 
  she was careful not to sit on the plastic bag that held the rubber gloves she used the handle the meat , or to let her nametag pinch her . 
  her nametag , which proclaimed that she was dolores , she was a student , and she was here to help , glimmered in the faint blue-white moonlight that slipped in from the windows overhead . 
  just twenty minutes ago she had volunteered to help her boss by going out and feeding the tigers , a male and a pregnant female , as everyone else wrapped up for the day . 
  the pair were inseparable and , like dolores , rather introverted . 
  she took her meals alone at her desk ( she knew that was a mistake for an intern that needed to network ) , they took their meals after hours , after the zoo 's visitors had left , and only in their cage , never their enclosure . 
  whereas dolores turned red every time a single drop of her instant soup fell from her spoon and onto her desk , these tigers seemed to delight in tearing apart whatever meal was brought to them , letting the blood pool and slither into the drain in the center of the concrete floor . 
  dolores 's moment of self pity was broken by the sound of a door opening , she stood up and turned around , looking, 
  into the window - no , the sound had not come from the offices . 
  the squeal of steel hinges bounced down the hallway again , these hard floors carried sound so well that earplugs were often recommended , especially when the howler monkeys and the tigers began to snarl at each other from several units away .
