  the tigers - wait , had she forgotten to lock their cage after bringing the meat inside ? 
  she ran through the steps in her head , she opened the gate to the cage , placed the deer slabs on the ground , and then opened the gate to the enclosure , before jumping out of the cage and into the observation hallway . 
  her thoughts were broken by the sound of long nails being pressed against the floor . 
  long , hard nails , attached to something heavy . 
  * okay , think , dolores , think . 
  they 've just been fed , there 's no way they 're still hungry . 
  they do n't kill for fun unless they 're sick , right ? 
  do tigers store their food for later , though , or is that just alligators ? 
  her thoughts were broken by the long snarl of the female . 
  dolores stood up and pressed herself tightly against the door . 
  she reached up and placed her hand on the handle again , tightening her grip on it . 
  * no , no use , it will make a noise and then they 'll know where you are . 
  * the beasts were coming closer , the hallway no longer carried only the sounds of their nails along the ground , but also each thudding step of their padded feet , each rasping exhale of their breath . 
  the hallway was a twisting labyrinth that exited and met with itself all around the zoo , the back of every exhibit connected to this hallway , and the zoo had been designed for beauty and not convenience . 
  a slowly walking man could traverse each of its steps in three hours , however , and dolores tensed up when she thought of how soon it would take a prowling pair of tigers to find her . 
  a cry came , sudden and pained , from down the hall but closer than dolores would have liked , a warbled cry , simultaneously like a goat and a bird . 
  the low snarl of a tiger followed , joined by the noise of a heavy body pressing hard against the walls of a cage . 
  the snarl and the cry joined together , as the tiger sounded like it was trying to beat the cage down , and whatever poor creature was being hunted retreated and screamed for its life . 
  a capuchin monkey within dolores line of sight began to whistle in panic , grabbing the edge of its cafe and jumping from wall to wall . 
  dolores stared at her own hands . 
  there was enough space between the ceiling and the top of each cage for a person to lay down , or even stand with a hunch . 
  dolores ran at the side of the cage containing some sleeping argentine birds and jumped to grab the edge . 
  her fingers touched the corner and curled , but she slipped . 
  the birds were startled , they began to squawk and flutter their wings , hopping around their cage and leering at the intern . 
  down the hallway , the sound of the tigers stopped . 
  their steps twisted and began to come closer . 
  dolores tried again , pushing off the side of the cage with her foot as she jumped . 
  this time she grabbed the top and with a heave , pulled herself up and over the edge . 
  the noise was waking up the zoo animals , filling the hallway with a cacophony of activity . 
  the tigers appeared . 
  they exhaled and sniffed the air by where dolores had been sitting . 
  they walked in circles and licked the ground where beads of sweat had fallen off her head and trembling arms while she sat . 
  * they 're looking for me . 
  this gap between the cage and the ceiling is big enough for me to crouch . 
  it 's big enough for a tiger . 
  they can climb . 
  dolores pressed her head hard against the top of the bird 's cage . 
  she turned and saw the tigers were still sniffing the air . 
  * they 're going to find me . 
  i 'm going to be eaten alive by tigers . 
  * the female tiger roared . 
  * i hope my boss gets fired for this . 
  there was nowhere safe . 
  * except for , maybe , the tiger 's own cage ? 
  * dolores crawled along the top of the cages , her sounds masked by the screams of the panicked animals , until she reached one of the hallways many splits . 
  the tigers were back at the entrance , scratching at the door where she had sat . 
  their nails left deep impressions in the metal . 
  if she tried to run now , they 'd easily catch her . 
  she removed the plastic bag from her side and pulled out the bloody food gloves . 
  she waved them a few times in the air to flick off the smell of deer and then balled them up . 
  the tigers approached , their ears high and their tongues rubbing against their teeth . 
  they were looking around , their gaze staying close to the ground , or being drawn by the flapping birds and jumping monkeys . 
  dolores threw the ball down the hallway , the opposite way the tigers had first come from . 
  the ball bounced , letting out a gross squelch , and continued to flop along and out of sight . 
  the beasts chased after it . 
  she jumped from the top and ran toward the tigers ' cage . 
  she heard a roar behind her , but she did n't look . 
  she ran , blood pumping in her ears , the air burning in her throat , her legs feeling like rubber beneath her . 
  the door was in reach , the door was in her hands , the door was closing , the lock was clicking , a black and orange blur slid past . 
  the tigers snapped at the girl , sticking their huge claws through the bars , swiping at her . 
  dolores backed away from the bars , sliding through the bloody remains of deer meat . 
  opening the door to the enclosure , she stepped out into a fake grassland , where a large orange rock was perched over water streaming through a concrete course before falling away to a twenty foot gap . 
  she stood on top of the rock and screamed , at first for herself and then for help . 
  national parks are a beautiful part of any nation . 
  yellowstone in the usa , parque la huasteca in mexico , krka in croatia - all of them are filled with jaw dropping sights , unique in their spirit but unified in the effect they have on the observer . 
  spend a night observing the stars under the black skies of snowdonia and the next night you spend in your apartment or mcmansion will feel strangely crowded . 
  each culture around the world shares stories about the woods , usually depicting animals that can speak , secret cultures of elves or dwarves that refuse to live with man , or trees that are wiser than even the most learned man . 
  but each culture also shares the same story , the one that warns a wanderer not to stray from the cleared paths in the forest . 
  the french have little red riding hood , the germans have hansel & gretel , a vava inouva from algeria , lon po po from china ; all of them share a similar theme of warning the listener to beware whatever waits just beyond the trees . 
  have you ever read the original journals of lewis and clark ? 
  you probably have n't , there 's a reason we remember them , but not a single quote from either has permeated the american national consciousness . 
  clark was a syphilitic , a disease which was believed to cause madness in its later stages , and lewis fell in love with the dried peyote roots that the natives were so eager to trade for cloth and rifles . 
  their america is a different one from the one we know , a land filled with awful beasts that hunted man for sport . 
  there is one who they describe in depth , a pale bony creature that walks upright like a man with long clawed hands that drag along the dirt , leaving a trail along the deep imprints left from hooked feet . 
  they called it a wendigo . 
  the creature appears throughout their writing , in every state they crossed through , they both wrote of scared natives who refused to lead them down easier paths , saying that these lands were where the wendigo lived . 
  they ignored their guide once , preferring the easier crossing that a forested valley provided over hiking over another mountain , they turned back after the third skeleton they found with the jaw removed and the skull crushed in . 
  i 've read before that any animals that eats a man will eat the body in the following order : the thighs , the glutes , the fat deposits on the front of the belly , the tongue , and the brain . 
  lewis and clark noticed that these people seemed to have died in reverse order , the teeth marks rarely were on the thigh bone or the tailbone , but they were always on the skull . 
  the strangest part about having your brain eaten is that you 're alive for longer than you 'd expect . 
  your brain is filled with redundancies for the major functions , it 's the reason brain damage can cost you the ability to speak or to regulate your emotion , but your heart will keep beating . 
  cannibals used to believe that eating a man 's brain gave you his power . 
  there would be festivals where a man had his head placed through the center of a table , exposing only the top of the scalp . 
  the flesh and bone would be removed with an obsidian blade , and as the sacrificed screamed underneath the table , high priests and kings would dig into their meal with polished stone spoons . 
  i have heard before that people taste rather like pigs . 
  lewis and clark only saw the wendigo once , while they were traveling by torchlight through the green woods of western oregon . 
  they said they could n't hear it , but that it appeared in the shadows of the trees , a tall and gaunt beast that would have blended in with the branches if it was n't moving . 
  it followed them for the full night , disappearing when they shouted and banged their pans and shot at it , but reappearing every time . 
  the party did n't sleep until long after dawn broke , and even then , a member disappeared . 
  they could have followed him , the screams let them know exactly where he was , but courage escaped them and eventually the noise stopped . 
  there have been periodic sightings of wendigos ever since . 
  i am sure if you have any friends living west of the mississippi , they all know someone who can speak of the shadow that moved beyond the trees , waiting . 
  officially , the united states government says that 11 people went missing without a trace in the woods last year . 
  many believe that number is much higher . 
  it 's okay , i think there were copies kept on these five planets over here , including one that 's the capital of the new republic . 
  nevermind . 
  i wonder what the average citizens thought ? 
  like , what if the empire was kind of like singapore - yeah , you ca n't have chewing gum , but crime is at an all time low !, 
  example : naboo , 17 bby, 
  person a : `` sucks that our queen is dead '',
