  `` out of bounds , '' she grabbed at his beer and downed it . 
  he raised his hands in defeat . 
  the waiter stopped by and they made their order . 
  for a minute , perhaps two , they enjoyed pleasant silence that lets both parties know a date is going well . 
  it was a warm november night , the sky was dark blue and the bright lights of charlotte shined along the horizon . 
  `` beautiful moon tonight , '' he said , glancing out the window . 
  but it was too late . 
  in the soft joy of the date , she had forgotten that daylight savings time had ended . 
  she turned to face the moon , its white face filling her trembling eyes . 
  her hands began to change , growing fatter , whiter . 
  her blouse exploded , sending a heaving belly over her belt . 
  her hair fell away and revealed a fading combover . 
  `` oh god , i 'm so sorry , '' she said , her voice deepening . 
  `` when i was a child , i was bitten by john madden after venturing too close to an all you can eat chicken wing buffet . '', 
  `` oh my god ! '', 
  he screamed . 
  `` listen if you want to score with me tonight , you 're gon na need to try and be a good date . 
  you ca n't score if you do n't take me home , and the only way to score with me is to score , '' john madden belted . 
  the horrified waiter threw the tart at the table and the former coach of the oakland raiders grabbed it in his meaty hands and stuffed it wholesale into his massive mouth . 
  he grabbed the ketchup and drew a crude cock and balls on the table . 
  `` your goal is probably to make me touch you here , '' he said , dragging his finger through the image . 
  john madden 's date jumped , the chair falling . 
  the door swung loudly behind him . 
  `` now there 's a guy who knows what he does n't like ! '', 
  said the tinactin spokesman . 
  joanna opened her locker and stared at the pictures of earth . 
  some of the cutouts were curling and yellowed at the edges , it had been seven generations since their ship had left . 
  a digital voice came on over the closest intercom to let her know that she was supposed to arrive at her station in five minutes , she gingerly closed the door and headed down the sterile white hallway . 
  a tv was playing the european president 's speech from the day the ship left . 
  `` do you fear that we might encounter something more powerful than us ? '', 
  asked a reporter who recorded the interview on her cell phone . 
  `` no , '' replied the president , her english showing her belgian heritage , `` i believe any species as scientifically advanced as our own would be intelligent enough to recognize the benefits of peace and commerce . 
  our dyson bubble should indicate our own progress , intelligence , and capability . '', 
  joanna laughed . 
  the footage of the launch day , and the full week of festivities that preceded it , came on at least twice a year on the ship . 
  there were other television shows too , entirely reruns . 
  at the end of the the walkway , joanna turned to a white room with a large window , 3 others sat at their desks watching screens of scrolling data . 
  her table was familiar , the computer had chosen monitor for her profession after she graduated from the academy and she had been watching the data for almost a decade now . 
  in past times , and in the computer 's programming , this job had been prestigious . 
  she turned on her computer by pressing her thumb to a box on its lower corner , then put on her headphones , which had different colored ear pads from two different brands , and a headband from a third . 
  a hand tapped her shoulder , it was hyung-min park , he was pointing to his haircut with his other hand . 
  `` do you like it ? '', 
  `` i 'm on duty . 
  but yes . 
  it 's cute . 
  now let me get back to work . '', 
  `` you 're not going to see anything . 
  nobody has seen anything in 200 years . 
  take the day off , the sweet potatoes are being harvested today and it 's one of your only chances to get one before it 's turned into paste . '', 
  she turned away from him and looked at her screen , her fingers weaving to form a rest for her chin . 
  `` you do n't think i 'm ever going to find anything , do you ? '', 
  `` we 've never even found a radio signal . 
  you 're matching hydrogen 's frequency , you 've got sarah matching carbon 's , diego is on silicone 's , and jonathan changes every day . 
  none of you have even heard a single blip . '', 
  joanna sighed . 
  `` nothing from earth , either . 
  i still check it every day , even if the war happened before i was born . '', 
  hyung-min looked out the window . 
  `` we 've been looking for a new planet for a long time in scout . 
  nothing matches , there 's so many near-goldilocks that end up having sulfur or carbon dioxide atmospheres . '', 
  `` park , what if we 're all there is ? '', 
  oooo !, 
  and then what happened ? 
  i was eager for a reference to [ wine dark ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1983/12/20/science/homer-s-sea-wine-dark.html ) skies . 
  this was magnificent !, 
  if you want , you can watch the video here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ysdpqpavxk, 
  thank you !, 
  she seemed pretty pleased by it , too . 
  i thought i made it too hard at first when it took me an hour to beat it . 
  she breezed through it , only dying maybe two or three times . 
  thank you !, 
  shoot , level 2 was n't even that hard ... 
  but thank you for the compliment . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you for the kind words . 
  to be honest , i understand the cynicism . 
  for me , i usually hate filming and photographing everything . 
  ( in fact , haha , i 've only taken one selfie in my entire life and i remember exactly how stupid i felt afterward ... ), 
  i made this video because it seems like one of those moments that you want to have forever . 
  it brings me an incredible amount of joy every time i watch it , and it seems like it 's made some other people happy , too . 
  i hope my mother knows you 're seeing people behind her back . 
  haikuberryfin, 
  a legendary poster, 
  a tempting offer, 
  post your photo , too , we might return the favor . 
  i used a maple graphic generator , haha , for most of the characters in game . 
  my art skills are sub-shitty , so finding it was a godsend . 
  growing up in hammond/munster , i had a small idea how popular it was . 
  having moved away , i now get requests from friends to fill up my trunk with cases every time they here i 'm heading back home . 
  i love dark , thick beers , but dark lord was just okay . 
  there 's been some great stuff out of cincinnati , from listermann 's and eight ball , that could really give it a run for its money . 
  thank you !, 
  no kids , so not quite yet . 
  i 've seen her play fallout with a punching only character . 
  i had faith . 
  haha , thank you . 
  playing the game with 3 kids and a mortgage ? 
  the night before , i placed an xbox under the mattress to see if she was delicate enough to notice it . 
  i ended up sleeping on the couch .
