  thank you !, 
  trying my best over here , man . 
  i 'd say about 20 hours for the final version of the game , aided immensely by using the stencil engine . 
  i had tried and failed to build other versions over the course of about two weeks previously , using pygame and other engines , but stencil was the easiest . 
  i was working against a deadline of an upcoming trip to denver , i wanted it to be an engagement honeymoon . 
  she beat the game in about 25 minutes, 
  71 south right by the downtown tunnel is a crime against nature ... 
  thank you !, 
  listermann 's is good for their * weird * beers . 
  zen is a winner , i agree . 
  thank you !, 
  oh , that was our second date . 
  it 's not too late . 
  steal your idea back , haha . 
  it 's cool . 
  neither did i. i swear . 
  i outsourced the first draft to ubisoft . 
  it came back with three storylines that did n't make sense and a broken companion app . 
  custody rights turnabout !, 
  thank you , friend, 
  this one is buggy as hell , too . 
  there 's a glitch in the final level that crashes the game . 
  i 'm so glad she did n't activate it . 
  it 's where my family 's from . 
  thank you !, 
  eat a steak , punch something , grunt loudly . 
  thank you !, 
  that big blue thing nuked me in seconds . 
  you 're getting manlier by the minute . 
  your beard will arrive in the mail soon . 
  thank you , friend !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll come up with something great , too . 
  i already used music from the scott pilgrim game in two levels , you ca n't expect me to steal the plot , too . 
  we , uhhh , will be better about keeping the blinds closed , sorry . 
  it 's less than a two hour drive , and melt 's grilled cheese sandwiches are worth the trip alone . 
  we 're in covington , ky , literally the other side of the river . 
  oh my god . 
  i 'll alert my lawyers . 
  thanks , amigo !, 
  i bet you can find someone . 
  lauren 's sister met her husband on tindr , there 's a wide world out there !, 
  grew up in hammond , but went to high school in munster . 
  i miss the region every day , no matter how broken everything is . 
  i know . 
  she also loves to cook , is a cleanlier person than me , and is better at stem stuff , too . 
  haha , thank you . 
  i ca n't write in cursive at all , but i can program well enough to be a script kiddie . 
  good idea for the sequel . 
  we 'll base it around trying to find a good wedding venue . 
  hey , thank you very much !, 
  appleciation, 
  if you 're serious ... ? 
  pm me, 
  would have ruined the surprise , haha . 
  except for the pun and everyone having big hands , there 's not too many other similarities , sadly . 
  haha , thank you . 
  hahaha, 
  mi familia es de monterrey , yo fui de chicago . 
  it was an east asian site , non of the text was in english . 
  i found it by chance , and was able to navigate around through dumb luck . 
  [ great tits ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/greattit002.jpg ), 
  high alcohol and really intense flavors, 
  i was a script kiddie after it was cool . 
  thanks amigo !, 
  in my original draft of the game , she picked up power ups like, 
  * spicy chinese food from amerasia , a cool place around the block , that would let her spit fireballs, 
  * protein shakes so she could double in size, 
  * her mcdojo blackbelt , so she could take an extra hit, 
  buuuut ... all of these skills were beyond me . 
  stencil , it was pretty intuitive and has a great library . 
  it was the preferred export for stencil , the engine i built it in . 
  too much unlicensed music in the game , haha . 
  i could try and do the soundtrack , but everything would end up sounding like my neutral milk hotel cover band from high school ... 
  a water level with a 60 second timer , no less . 
  32 fps at its highest . 
  my computer is a 2011 dell with a cracked keyboard ... 
  pretty much . 
  all free sprite sites and stuff . 
  somebody told me they 're from earth bound ? 
  your roads are more confusing , but better maintained . 
  our roads are more gridlike , but capable of swallowing cars ... 
  she was exposed to shiny stone and evolved into fiancee . 
  they have a relatively new one called yum yum that i think is their best yet . 
  oh fucking damn it ... haha, 
  a chilly night in monterrey , wandering around one of the smaller plazas outside of downtown , the sky is clear enough for once that you can see the stars and all the lights of the houses built into the mountains ... that 's heaven to me . 
  aww , i 'm happy i helped make you happy . 
  i actually design video games for every decision we make in life . 
  in order to pick if we had hot pockets or toaster strudel for breakfast this morning , she had to beat a knockoff of the final boss from bloodborne . 
  nice try , floridaman , it would skunk on the way over . 
  do you have any images ? 
  i 'd love to see it !, 
  dark lord day is a much better event if you 're a beer trader . 
  the amount of rare beer being passed around is perhaps even cooler than holding a bottle of the elusive dark lord . 
  i had been planning to propose for about 6 months , i did n't come up with this idea until two week before . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have something great !, 
  thank you , friend . 
  i 'll tell you what , she definitely did n't pick me for my looks . 
  having teef is a rare and attractive trait in kentucky . 
  send photo , we 'll talk . 
  it 's okay , i 'll just keep calm and carry on .
