i did n't know it was so split down the middle . 
  martin smith did not hate jorge garza , in fact he was sure that they agreed on many things , and yet he still wanted to see jorge fail . 
  the olive colored man seated in front of both of them smiled , his rheumy brown eyes carried a soft kindness that felt like summer nights and mother 's milk . 
  `` my church has built the finest structures in the entire world , notre dame , la sagrada familia , st. peter 's basilica - nothing compares to the beauty we have built for you , no dollar has been spared , blood has been shed , we have given our sweat and tears to your honor , '' jorge stood up from the table and and went to the man 's side , falling to his knees , `` i have lived my entire life in your service , i have avoided the flesh of women to know nothing but the joy of you . '', 
  martin rapped his fingers along the plain table 's cedar wood . 
  far in the distance , a man stood guard at the door , he was dressed in an all white suit and had blonde hair that faded to bright auburn , martin thought it looked rather like fire . 
  the distant observer 's lips were apple red . 
  jorge kissed the hem of the dark skinned man 's tunic , he responded by running his hands through jorge 's hair and then beckoning for the priest to return to his seat . 
  martin leaned in , `` my church has empowered your followers the world over . 
  we have broken them from the bonds of those who would abuse your power . 
  we have given them the freedom to pursue wealth . 
  we have given them the freedom to to love you in their own way . 
  we honor you through our individual liberty . '', 
  the rheumy eyed man stood up , he was shorter than either of them , and walked out the doors of the synagogue . 
  a smile like a knife spread across the face of the man in white . 
  martin and jorge left the table and followed . 
  london was raining , as it always was , and the rheumy eyed man was sitting next to a beggar , commanding the rain to keep his brother dry . 
  they 're the same person . 
  thank you for catching my error . 
  the moon had called to katja the way it calls to moths and wolves . 
  it occupied her mind , it seemed to mark her as its own , she was born with pale white hair and eyes grey like a lunar maria . 
  as a child , her village sat upon the gently murmuring sunset bank of the volga river , where soft grass swayed in the quick winds of the open steppes . 
  she would watch the moon with her brother , he died in an eastern war that was illegal to speak of , and sometimes they would sneak vodka from their father 's cabinet and share the secrets that solely siblings know , the truths and lies you can only give to someone whose blood is the same as your own . 
  nights spent with their hands folded behind their heads , listening to the river , sleeping in the grass . 
  fyodor was named after their grandfather , a man who swore that even the worst of times now were better than the best of times under the czar , when they still worked until their hands bled , but the cruel whips of the wealthy made sure their backs bled , too . 
  `` we were not serfs , they said . 
  but we were not different . 
  before the revolution , i was lucky to eat a loaf of bread per week . 
  now , i can have an egg each day if i want ! '', 
  the old man would say , holding up his breakfast . 
  it was n't until two months after the family had heard of fyodor 's death that katja finally allowed herself to unbox his belongings . 
  he had shared a room with their grandfather and underneath his thin bed he had kept boxes of books , items he had recovered and borrowed and stolen . 
  they were books about the stars , about the science needed to move beyond the strangle of earth 's hold , they were written by men with forbidden names like von braun and meyer . 
  the books became katja 's life and when the annual aptitude tests were given to the students , katja 's scores were the best in her oblast . 
  her mind combined with her strength , she had farmer 's shoulder 's and a farmer 's back , meant that she was soon taking tests in gray rooms in moscow , watched by men wearing plain green military suits , running and writing and reading and building circuit boards from memory and completing long equations entirely in her head . 
  there were others , of course . 
  some of them were selected to go up and they did not come back down , their last words were shouted cursing the untested science and hubris of their nation . 
  their deaths were kept secret , like fyodor 's , the government reported that they had died in accidents while piloting test aircraft , they were fallen falcons , not phantom cosmonauts . 
  yuri , a short man with a welcoming smile , survived and so his story was told . 
  valentina was the first woman to return , and katja put a postcard of her on her locker . 
  katja 's name was the one that was selected to fly to the moon . 
  a final reminder of the true equality of soviet society , where any woman was just as qualified as any man . 
  there were others with her , one man to pilot their return craft and another man to walk the surface with her . 
  a lunar lander is a complicated object , a delicate behemoth with a thousand parts that must all act in unison to return to orbit safely . 
  a surprise bump on the way down or even a screw turned one half turn too loose will guarantee its failure . 
  i did not want to be an articule and for the first 30 years of my life it seemed my wish had been granted . 
  of course , there were the lucky few who shared their souls with kings , saints , and other great men of history , but for most of us , the memories that invaded our minds were taken from a lifetime of misery . 
  for all but a select few of humans throughout history , all that was known was suffering . 
  how do you comfort a child suffering from ptsd after a field trip to a georgia plantation ? 
  did you see the clip of the british prime minister who visited hastings and suddenly remembered what it felt like to have a spear push through his innards until he died shitting himself ? 
  have you read about the three different american soldiers who woke up screaming during the first gulf war , tearing off their clothes and crying , saying they could still feel the stinking breath of a mongol raider , then months of carrying a forced baby that their brothers would kill at birth ? 
  it was a hot august day in boston , and one that my family wanted to take full advantage of . 
  we packed bread and jelly and coca-cola into a cooler and set off to cape ann , keeping the windows down and the music up the entire way . 
  i was watching my son and daughter splash in the cold tide , holding my wife 's hand , when i first felt it happen - the world began to blur and my ears filled with a noise like a thousand bees slowed down . 
  i ran my thumb across the bumps of my wife 's knuckles , i wanted to feel her as i -, 
  i was n't in 2015 anymore . 
  i was fifteen years old and my dark brown hair came straight down in front of my eyes . 
  i brushed the hair away and a ruddy faced girl was staring at me , wearing a fine brown dress . 
  i felt a hand push at my back , i knew it was my father 's , and i moved in to kiss her . 
  around me , an entire town cheered . 
  the noise pushed through my head once again . 
  now we were thirty and we were surrounded by children , although stones on the side of our log walled home told me that there should have been more . 
  the woman 's face was rounder now and the acne had disappeared , but her cheeks kept their rosiness . 
  i knew her name was julia and i loved her more than any man had ever loved before . 
  we slept on a thin , itchy mattress in a world lit only by fire and despite our bland diet of corn and squash , we never wanted . 
  the last flash forward was only two years later . 
  we were on cape ann and i was loading up a boat with rods and net , talking to my son about how to properly salt a cod when a pain in my head was followed by the sensation of falling and then nothing , trying to push forward in the memories was like trying to see with my elbow . 
  i woke up , had i been asleep ? , and screamed , gripping my wife 's hand so hard i could feel her bones shift under the pressure . 
  `` are you okay ? '', 
  my chest heaved , my breaths were quick and deep . 
  the `` improper '' english thing is just a cultural dialect , no different than speaking scouse , scots , inland northern , bostonian , etc. 
  just because the most accepted version of english is `` general american '' / the iowa accent does n't mean that it 's the correct english . 
  we have a living language , we do not have a royal academy like spanish to police every syllable and tense . 
  because christianity is much more than just hating gays and protesting in front of abortion clinics . 
  a lot of people find comfort in the belief that there are answers to impossible questions . 
  some people want to believe that there is more to existence than just the general misery of day to day life . 
  some people want to believe that their loved ones are not gone forever , and that they will see them again . 
  they have faith because it is a crutch , a candle in the darkness to help them through life 's troubles . 
  and yes , there are idiots like the wbc and your uncle at thanksgiving who thinks the best part of the pledge of allegiance is `` under gawd !, 
  '' , but there are also so many more people , a silent majority , whose faith inspires them every day to live better lives , to be better people . 
  it is so hard to find good books about byzantium ... 
  `` do n't mind me , '' said god as he sat down on the toilet . 
  he reached into the magazine pile on the side and grabbed an us weekly . 
  `` i 'll still be here when you 're done . '', 
  loretta screamed . 
  she grabbed the shower curtain and tore it from its hooks , wrapping it around her body . 
  the shower continued to run and the water bounced off the pale yellow curtain and onto the white tile floor . 
  steam spread throughout the room . 
  `` who the fuck are you ? '', 
  loretta stepped out of the shower and onto the wet floor . 
  `` alpha , omega , i am he who is called i am , you know the dri - '' god stopped as he saw loretta slip , she fell onto the edge of the shower tub and her neck bent unnaturally . 
  he sighed , pointed at her , and she rose up as if pulled by strings . 
  with a snap of his finger , her neck returned to its proper position . 
  `` loretta jones , 32 years old , assistant finance manager at brunk & spurlock , has never lived farther than 25 miles from her hometown of sacramento , california , dreams of one day meeting peter falk , i am your creator . '', 
  she brought her hands to her mouth as her feet returned to the tile floor , the water giving a quiet splash . 
  `` tell me , loretta , what were you just thinking about ? '', 
  `` umm , nothing . 
  nothing at all . '', 
  he smiled . 
  `` how often do you think about nothing ? '',
