  i guess pick the one that you think would challenge you more . 
  ah , just started mistborn last week . 
  ( i know , i know ! ), 
  i 'll probably pick these up along the way . 
  i absolutely adore monstress . 
  i 'm very excited for where this series is heading . 
  a whiskey and ginger ale is n't a bad drink , it 's a good safe go to if a bar has pepsi instead of coke and only has cheap bottles to mix with . 
  perhaps this will be like that ? 
  it 's perfect !, 
  even better , let 's implement far right policies while using this left wing name . 
  that way , both sides will vote for us !, 
  i thought i made him slightly grey-ish gold each time ? 
  i just wanted to say thank you so much for taking the time to talk to your fans . 
  rat queens is one of the best comics i 've read this decade , and i am a huge evangelist for your comic . 
  i buy the trade and give it to friends because i know that they will love it . 
  i hope you keep on being a kick ass person , and i hope you keep on making kick ass comics . 
  i also fully believe in you and your comments that tess 's art will continue to improve as she gets comfortable with the characters . 
  i ca n't wait to see where she takes it . 
  ah , i did n't want to sound like i was spamming for an acquaintance 's book . 
  the book was called ** the enlightenment of juan bautista chapa ** and it was self published . 
  the book is about early colonial mexico , when the frontier was still expanding and major cities like monterrey were only dusty outposts . 
  the first thirty pages were kind of slow as they engaged in a lot of world building , but then the major characters are introduced and it becomes a fantastic work about colonialism , racial castes , and the influence of religion . 
  every character is beautifully flawed and their individual faults all come together for a bittersweet ending that left me wanting to buy the book for my friends so i could talk about it with them . 
  i rate books by how fast i read them . 
  i had to force myself to read moby dick , pushing through a chapter per day just to finally complete it . 
  for this book , i read twenty pages the first day , forty pages the next day , one hundred the third , and then i finished it on the fourth . 
  a week later , i re-read it again in one night , doing that sort of marathoning that leaves you switching from chair to bed to couch and back again as your neck and arms get sore in different ways . 
  i do n't know if this book will ever crack the top million on amazon . 
  its main characters are an elderly italian immigrant , a mestizo former slave , and a deeply devoted priest , and the plot happens during the long dialogues between the three - if you told me this book was a play first , i 'd believe you . 
  but i loved it and it frustrated me how good it was and how i 'll probably only ever be one of ten or twenty people who will ever read it . 
  was given the prompt , `` something is stalking you from outside your house '' and then tried to turn it into a bit of horror flash fiction from the pov of a homeless person . 
  fyi - i think the monsters that were chasing her were real . 
  i think they were [ tariaksuqs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tariaksuq ) that had perhaps wandered too far south . 
  `` my name is toby ! '', 
  screamed the young boy , the whip slicing trails of red across his pale back . 
  `` your name is kwame ! '', 
  said kofi , his master , a portly man known to wear every fine piece of silken kente he owned only once . 
  he detested having to beat his slaves , especially the white ones , the last remnants of a land devastated by a plague that left almost all of the population covered in weeping black boils . 
  still , this boy would never make a good administrator if he refused to even learn his maths or to take a name that was more pleasing to kofi 's ears . 
  ah well , i 'll just blurb about what i remember from when i was in ghana studying the slave trade . 
  hopefully someone else can be inspired by it ? 
  african slavery was a slightly different institution vs american/european slavery . 
  while there were still slaves who were beaten and killed at the whim of their master , the majority were treated more like lowly servants , and some even became administrators and government officials . 
  frequently , the children of slaves would be born free , and slaves themselves would be allowed to own property and even their own slaves . 
  also , many west african societies had no concept of land ownership , and while there are records of people having up to 10,000 slaves , the entire system of plantation slavery was foreign and rare . 
  slaves occupied all kinds of occupations , but they were always low class people no matter how prestigious their job . 
  this is not to say that slavery was a benign institution . 
  many slaves performed dangerous , backbreaking work like mining , and they were often sent far away from their homeland to reduce the likelihood of escape . 
  in a society without property ownership , the capture and sale of slaves was often a way of life , entire tribes had their wealth built on their slaving practices . 
  slaving tribes generally treated their slaves more `` kindly '' than american or european slavers . 
  men were expected to work from dawn until the early afternoon , they had the rest of the day to themselves , to either work on their own plots of land or to try and make money . 
  any money a slave made was their own property . 
  women were often taken as wives and concubines as a sign of wealth , in north africa and other muslim areas ( not implying any islamophobia , please do not take it that way ) , it was not uncommon for girls to be sold off as concubines before their 10th birthday . 
  other areas waited until the girl had hit puberty . 
  obsess over it daily , like me !, 
  ( and feel sad all the time , too ), 
  one year later , i 'm still recovering . 
  will dickson had left a scar on every whore in the town of perdido , which is why it should n't have come as a surprise to him when grace notts finally gave him what he was due and shoved a razor through his eye and then his throat . 
  she fled on foot , nobody would be willing to take her in and hide her , the dickson gang owned the sheriff and the mayor and the dicksons ' pa owned the mine where most of the town worked . 
  grace was carefully clutching the six shooter she grabbed off will 's twitching corpse . 
  it was thirty miles of red canyon and white desert between perdido and the next town of mataninos , and grace was running on bare feet , cursing herself for not noticing that will 's gun only had one bullet in it . 
  the dickson gang found will 's corpse in the morning , one eye forever frozen in the final dying shock of betrayal , the other eye popped like a vintner 's grape . 
  the room smelled like dried blood and emptied bowels . 
  there were strips of torn cloth from a dress in his hands , he was laid out like our savior , his wilting erection spilling from opened wool pants . 
  will 's brother matthew threw a sheet over his dead sibling , and then punched out a window and screamed through the hole he made . 
  the four survivors swore that they would find grace , tie her down , cut out her eyelids but not her eyes , and then leave her for the buzzards and the coyotes . 
  they gathered their horses and followed the tracks out of town . 
  grace had n't bled in two months . 
  she knew that the life inside her would share will 's blood , she was his girl , he had marked her as such , and no other man had even touched her shoulder in nearly a year . 
  will had other lovers , but that was will 's way , he was not a man who liked to hear the word `` no '' and he always took what we wanted , stone crosses rose above the beds of three dead husbands who dared to defy him when his yellow eyes turned toward their young wives . 
  `` droyet day siggner , like the french used to , '' he would say . 
  grace was glad to be far from his grey teeth and whiskey breath . 
  at first she thought of killing his child , either by drink now - or by waiting until it came out and then grabbing it by the ankles and smashing it like her dead father said he had done to the indian babes . 
  while running , she decided she would leave it one night on the steps of a church . 
  it was for god to decide if a priest or a dog found it first . 
  the sun was hot and white in the sky , making the pale desert around her look like cremation ash , and the flat sand beneath her feet burned as each step kicked up a cloud of pitiful dust . 
  she hoped the well in mataninos was a public one . 
  the air grew heavy with the sound of soft thunder , a slow rumble that filled in intensity behind grace . 
  turning to look , she saw four men whipping their horses , she knew that hell followed with them . 
  their shadows rose against the endless horizon of the desert , she guessed that they were a forty minute ride behind her at most . 
  mataninos wasl a half day 's journey away , and the red slit of the canyon still needed to be crossed . 
  grace had only seen the canyon once , but now her head was filled with curses for herself as she remembered the jagged rocks that spread across its sides , their sawblade edges seemed to suck heat from the sun and radiate it so that a night in the canyon felt hotter than fieldwork at midday . 
  matthew dickson could see the girl in the distance , she was half running , half stumbling , and holding her tattered blue dress up above her knees . 
  he gritted his teeth and whipped the leather reins against the horse 's neck . 
  the girl was close now , he could see the way her black hair was matted by sweat and blood . 
  he let out a bellowing whoop and grabbed the buckled sheepskin hat off his head and waved it in the air , his three companions followed his lead . 
  grace reached the canyon 's edge and stared into the flame red hollow . 
  a single rope bridge teetered between the sides , grace had heard these bridges were built by indians long ago , like the empty white stone houses up in the cliffs . 
  the ropes that had made the handles had long since rotted away and many of the cut logs in the walkway were cracked or missing entirely . 
  grace stepped onto the swaying bridge and she heard the straining of thin rope stretched even thinner . 
  the men were less than a minute behind her now . 
  she crawled down on all fours and began to pull herself forward , the holes in the path allowing her to see the far bottom of the canyon . 
  there was a single skeleton at the bottom , its skull smashed like a firecracker 's burst , the sun paled bones stood out among the blood red earth and dried chaparral . 
  grace focused her eyes on the other edge of the canyon and kept moving . 
  the bridge underneath her swayed with a new weight , and grace 's skin felt too tight for her body when she heard matthew dickson 's voice . 
  `` where do you think you 're going , pretty girl ? '' he stepped forward on the bridge . 
  his three men 's horses whinnied as their riders descended . 
  grace felt matthew lean down and begin to crawl after her , she pushed forward as quickly as she could . 
  the three companions joined matthew on the bridge , grace was now nearing the end of the crossing . 
  the feeling of hard earth in her hands felt like salvation , she leapt up and onto the edge , turning around to see the four men all crawling at her like wild beasts , their sunburnt skins dripping with sweat .
