  northside ? 
  yeah , went there last week . 
  big fan of the old place in the dead mall , i was happy to see the new place crowded on a wednesday . 
  have you been ? 
  she usually gets anna kendrick ... but i can see this , too , yeah . 
  yep , ease of use was # 1 for my untalented self . 
  mainstrasse , covington , ky. 
  although i love louisville , bardstown road is one of the coolest places in the us . 
  thx breh, 
  it 's a very good beer , but its quality is tempered by the hassle of having to get it . 
  she 'd only agree if there were two joysticks . 
  the secret , mi amigo , is tacos . 
  cook a woman tacos and she 's yours forever . 
  stencyl , actually . 
  it had the lowest barrier to entry of all the engines i looked at . 
  hahahahaha, 
  `` why is bourbon so cheap and so delicious ? 
  : one man 's story of dying in a gutter at 30 . '', 
  yeah , it 'll be awesome . 
  every tuesday is dinner and a movie night where we cook food from a country and watch a film from the same place , and every wednesday is date night , and every thursday we go get trashed on bourbon and work on our novels . 
  wooo, 
  the final level , when she heard nosotros . 
  she knows the family 's history behind that song , and that 's when she started crying . 
  sadly , nope . 
  just a lot ( a lot ! ), 
  of trial and error . 
  one family gets thanksgiving , the other gets christmas . 
  then a champion is chosen from both sides and whoever survives the fight to the death has won the right for easter . 
  lolo 's bizarre adventure 2016 - now with career mode . 
  because those are the only animations i could steal , haha . 
  washed out - feel it all around . 
  it 's the theme from portlandia . 
  if you look closely , you 'll see that my girlfriend is actually a body pillow . 
  my initial , her initial , and a mispronouncing of my last name . 
  we write on the side , and if we ever sell anything , this will be the pen name we use . 
  lov the cov, 
  deleted the gym and hit my lawyer . 
  is this correct ? 
  it 's like staring into a mirror !, 
  at the very end , it 's revealed that lauren is actually the medic . 
  i made the proposal fancy so she would n't mind a reception at applebee 's . 
  this was good because it was easy . 
  if you 're a better programmer than me ( which is very likely !, 
  ) , i 'd recommend doing whatever you are most comfortable with . 
  platformers are well defined and there was n't a huge need to reinvent the wheel when it came to mechanics , giving me more time to focus on building levels and coming up with events from our history . 
  haha , indeed . 
  do n't look at [ m ] y gonewild history , okay ? 
  portland level, 
  to make up for this grave injustice in the universe , i went and upvoted all your links that were still unarchived . 
  good lookin ' cider . 
  luckily , i always keep 10/11/sam / watson slash fiction in my back pocket to throw and distract them when they 're enraged . 
  yep , jail blazers joke . 
  if you min max your build , it makes the game challenging and hilarious . 
  nah , it 's how people often mispronounce my last name . 
  no u, 
  de chicago , per mi familia es de monterrey, 
  `` if you want a baby , i demand a resolution of at least 720 '', 
  head hanging low , i flexed my hands and watched the sinews pull and contract . 
  the motion would have been laborious hours before and performed with frailer hands , but now it was fluid , painless . 
  ... had it even been hours ? 
  the only change that could be perceived was the shuffle of the crowd forward toward the pinhole of light in space that they had all entered facing , it was forever growing closer yet never within reach . 
  some others attempted to shoulder or stumble through , meting no substantial resistance , but the lack of result was enough to discourage their own future actions . 
  if there was any rule to the unremarkable and yet indescribable place we stood in , it was to avoid action that would be unsettling or draw attention . 
  it had been all the same to me . 
  i felt so heavy . 
  tired . 
  until there was a break in the lack of stimulation . 
  excuse us . 
  we would like to issue an apology to all entities present here . 
  we are sure that it has become clear to you at this point that you have yet to pass over . 
  i knit my eyebrows . 
  others around me tilted their heads upward , looking about expectantly . 
  i had perceived sound , but could n't sense where it was coming from in particular . 
  or you believed that there was to be no `` passing over '' and have mixed feelings as to what the point of this all was . 
  to these , we assure you that you have yet to pass over . 
  some quiet twittering sounded out among the masses considering these things . 
  for some reason , the ... oh , shucks . 
  they 're not going to understand the explanation . 
  is it --, 
  the voice we all heard -- or at least , seemed to be hearing -- suddenly changed in tone . 
  we should not condescend to them . 
  as sapient beings , they have the right to know what is holding back their ascension . 
  there was a pause . 
  okay , where are all of them from ? 
  the form their essences are projecting is reading laniakea , virgo supercluster , milky way , orion arm , gould belt ... 
  the life-bearing planet orbiting that underwhelming star . 
  let us consider . 
  the twittering around me had ceased , many of us were now scratching our heads . 
  imagine , if you will , a pond . 
  typically , you could throw small stones into the lake and watch them sink , but when the lake freezes , the rocks will just sit on top . 
  until there are enough rocks that are massive enough to break through the ice , and then things behave normally . 
  the surface of the water is the threshold between your physical plane and the one you were headed to . 
  the threshold has inexplicably lost energy and frozen over when it should n't have , and you all are the stones . 
  we 're trying to find a way to thaw out the pond , because probability has it that your species will almost definitely reach extinction before producing roughly eight quintillion stones . 
  look at them . 
  we 're only seeing a small bit of understanding amongst them . 
  referencing nature seemed to be the answer given the lack of shared cultural metaphors . 
  they are so young . 
  we told us that it would be a foolish endeavor . 
  the climate on that planet is so variable and many do not live in areas where this is observable .
