  she also games constantly , in the past three months she 's beaten red dead redemption , bully , saints row 2 , saints row 3 , the tomb raider reboot , everybody 's gone to the rapture , and she 's working her way through fallout nv as a high int energy gun neutral . 
  i also just bought her pokemon sun to help with our long thanksgiving drive between new york and cincinnati . 
  yessir , blatantly taken from a maplestory character generator . 
  she 's the artist , i 'm just a numbers guy . 
  instant dealbreaker . 
  she 'd probably had said no if it was too easy . 
  yep , procter & gamble brought me there and lauren kept me there . 
  i 'm still trying to figure out a way to turn all this karma into a way to pay for our wedding . 
  there 's a character you have to unlock first , `` that guy she told you not to worry about '', 
  hold up , buddy , i 'm not ea . 
  haha , thank you !, 
  this is definitely in top , uhhh , ten thousand moments of my life so far . 
  we 're married , i 'm in grad school , she 's my sugar mama , and our marriage is awesome . 
  we 've got a nice little townhouse in new york and she games while i study . 
  here you go : http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2003-05-19/news/0305190196_1_towns-ltv-steel-steel-industry, 
  nobody 's perfect . 
  `` if it 's not a jrpg , i 'm not touching it ! '', 
  hah , most of them . 
  i still pay for most of my own expenses , but the rent and utilities are in her name . 
  before when people saw us together , they were always like , `` oh , he must be rich . '', 
  but little do they know that i 'm broke and she 's the moneymaker . 
  and she regularly goes to trivia nights at ivy league grad student bars and wins . 
  and she 's creative . 
  yes , ridiculously so . 
  not yet , but it 's on the list after she beats bioshock 1 . 
  nosotros , it 's a standard with many covers, 
  you know , it was okay . 
  the lines were long and the beer is very good , but not worth a four hour wait in a late winter rain . 
  as long as i do n't have to play the game any time in the next two years , i ca n't wait . 
  my wife and i share this account for sending each other creative stuff . 
  so perhaps an androgynous german-mexican programmer , 5 ' 8 '' and usually smiling . 
  also , obsessed with gaming , probably wearing a cornell or cincinnati hoodie, 
  what ? 
  dude , as a chicagoan , i love the pizza . 
  i get it like three or four times per year , but that 's only because when i do eat it , i eat so much that i go into a food coma . 
  could be related to wanting to protect their trademark against kanye west 's rumored new album , which will supposedly be called turbografx16 . 
  link : http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/music/news/kanye-west-new-album-tracklist-turbo-grafx-16-a7465261.html, 
  martin scorsese . 
  that 's what the car says, 
  this is amazing . 
  is there a common linguistic root for `` river '' ? 
  i noticed yukon , wisconsin , and connecticut all have river in their name and they all contain `` con '' or a homonym . 
  local beer in pittsburgh , called iron city but pronounced like irn . 
  nice !, 
  i went back and forth on that . 
  i ended up deciding that the examples gave a little bit more weight to her decision as it created a bit of visual horror - if these are the things that we reveal she does see , what horrible sight awaits her when she catches glimpses of herself in the odd reflection of polished glass or a puddle ? 
  ( thank you for the critiques , by the way ), 
  as a mexican , i feel sad that i can no longer laugh at this joke . 
  when mexico goes to the copa , we 're not sending our best . 
  coke + very old barton 's is a great treat for under $ 1/glass . 
  you really ca n't beat it . 
  you 've convinced me to buy a copy !, 
  i did n't love broken empire , it was a bit too grimdark for me - but there were many images from it that are burned into my memory . 
  there 's no doubt lawrence is a talented writer , i 'm looking forward to reading this . 
  i used to work at procter and gamble and can verify this is 100 % correct !, 
  what kind of reputation did pat tillman have inside the locker room ? 
  i used to work at the united states house of representatives . 
  the two `` secret subways '' for the house and the senate are pretty well known and not that impressive . 
  i 've heard the president has his own private subway , too , and it can go between the pentagon , the white house , and the capitol - but that could just be a rumor . 
  anyway , the capitol building is filled with secret passages . 
  i do n't know what i 'm allowed to say , but there are plenty of false grates and hidden doors that allow everyone from vips to interns to move about the capitol without bumping into crowds of tourists . 
  i 'd love to see some pictures !, 
  i was in class from 9 until 1:30 . 
  awesome , thank you, 
  i was living in covington , kentucky when i became a swans fan , around 2013 . 
  and i became a fan for those exact same reasons !, 
  this episode was awesome !, 
  desi was hilarious and i loved the handoff . 
  as a cornell student , the cornell lab of ornithology is one of the coolest places on campus . 
  i 'm a finance student and i still thought it was an amazing place for a day visit . 
  seth dickinson 's the traitor baru cormorant is not only the best fantasy book i 've ever read , it 's may be the best book i 've ever read , too . 
  a hyper-intelligent thriller that is n't afraid to tackle tough issues , dickinson is up there with vonnegut and leguin in terms of using fiction to tell a story as well as to discuss philosophy . 
  i 've given four copies to friends , it 's fantastic . 
  this is really important !, 
  i hope this goes to the top of the subreddit, 
  as someone who is very far left on the political spectrum and also a finance mba student , i find the results of this vote kind of distressing . 
  i think that seeking more ideological diversity and exposing students to a diversity of viewpoints is a much better route than having students persistently hear the same perspective . 
  finally new sc . 
  it 's been nearly a year since the last issue . 
  such a mistake . 
  consumers will find a way to watch the shows they want , and the value proposition of paying $ 12/month for hulu vs $ 100 + / month for cable is one where hulu wins every time . 
  if you even try to study at sage , the mbas will beat you up and then empty your parents ' retirement accounts . 
  ** this is your only warning . 
  hi friends !, 
  if you could , it 'd be great if you would check out my microfiction blog here : www.lapike.tumblr.com, 
  i 'm currently working on a stonepunk fantasy novel , but i write quick magical realism stories for fun on the side . 
  i hope you find some flash fiction you like !, 
  damn , morning joe actually has an alright voice . 
  not great - but certainly above your average bar band . 
  do n't worry . 
  you 're here for a reason . 
  everyone 's path is their own , just keep on working . 
  i 'm working through ** sailing to sarantium ** right now . 
  kay does a fantastic job of writing supporting characters , and he fills his worlds with a lovely amount of mystery and vitality . 
  but his main character suffers from what i call `` magic dick syndrome . '', 
  there 's something about crispin 's dick that makes everyone want it . 
  it even gives a tavern girl her first orgasm . 
  passing nobles want cripsin to impregnate them . 
  i just finished reading girl with the dragon tattoo , another book where the protagonist had a magic dick that everyone needed , so perhaps i 'm just a little extra annoyed . 
  beyond that , i love the scene in the forest with the bison god .
