  brilliant writing there . 
  overall , 3/5 . 
  i almost wish this was a book of short stories about the various side characters , i think i 'd like that more . 
  i did read it . 
  and blegh , same thing !, 
  but kvothe is an unreliable narrator , so it kind of gets a pass . 
  as an american , we 've been hating him for even longer . 
  lovely, 
  awesome insight , thank you . 
  the article you link specifically states that mexico declared war on germany because of german actions during the battle of the caribbean, 
  my family is still mostly immigrants without college degrees . 
  our definition of `` decent '' is pretty different !, 
  i mean jobs like call center and administrative roles . 
  he 's not gretzky , but i have met people who have worked with gretzky in a business sense and everyone just thinks he 's a solid human being . 
  he 's competitive but he 's not cocky and he 's a huge team player in the boardroom , too , not just on the ice . 
  what 's it called ? 
  my wife 's grandfather fought in the second world war ... for the side that lost . 
  he apparently kept some paraphernalia and some * books * around the house , which highly embarrassed my wife . 
  i 'm not white . 
  my wife says the energy from him spinning in his grave could probably power a small country . 
  my wife and i are looking for something to do in pilsen tonight . 
  we 're not club people , we instead like chill bars with good beer selections , good breweries , or barcades . 
  if the music is too loud to have a conversation , it 's not really our scene . 
  any suggestions ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a native chicagoan , but procter had me spend 5 years in cincy . 
  apparently , chicago used to have a bar called cinners which did it pretty well ... but used to is the key word there . 
  the traitor baru cormorant is probably the best fantasy book ever written . 
  no wizards , no dragons , just beautiful characters and an ending that will leave you feeling depressed for days . 
  man , i want your awesome korra flair , but it looks like it 's been taken out of the choices on the side . 
  inspired by [ aquatic ambiance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldvkwsvuuga ) from donkey kong country , a classic that just scrolled up on my playlist right now, 
  honestly , i 've got a great marriage . 
  my wife is incredibly intelligent and so very giving , and i 'm pursuing a career that requires 100 + hour weeks , and it 's great to have someone like her in my corner . 
  my parents are visiting from the south suburbs . 
  what 's a good meat-and-potatoes kind of place where i can take them ? 
  the most adventurous my dad has ever gotten with food is he once put ketchup on a hotdog . 
  i 'm looking for up to $ 20/plate, 
  they have a car , so we can go where ever . 
  probably no farther north than little village , though, 
  it 's not great . 
  just do n't get any in your mouth . 
  it 's the same as any urban river , no worse than the ohio . 
  is that the chicago board of trade behind it ? 
  i 've heard so many good things about worm , your post is the one that has finally convinced me to add it to the queue . 
  i 'm going to the fire game this saturday . 
  anything cool to do around the stadium before and after ? 
  my wife and i went to the cincinnati meetup . 
  10/10 - pretty cool people , would hang out with again . 
  everyone was pretty much just a chill millennial type . 
  no neckbeards , no assholes - just friendly folk . 
  it 's true . 
  i once looked at bikini models on youtube , and even though it was two years after i graduated , they tore my degree in half and gave me one from dartmouth instead . 
  tammy ? 
  rick and morty tammy : http://rickandmorty.wikia.com/wiki/tammy_gueterman, 
  i 'm an investment banker . 
  people will often say that nobody in investment banking loves investment banking , but i do . 
  it 's high stress , but actually a pretty low risk/high reward job as long as you put up with the hours . 
  plus , it 's a great way to make a million by 30 , and retire by 35 if you want to . 
  i eat my feelings at jacks or wings over ithaca , or i sit on the benches at the top of the slope and listen to some good music on spotify . 
  sometimes i stand outside the johnson museum and watch the false star art display . 
  or i go to sage and i 'm reminded that even as unhappy as i am , i 'll never be as unhappy as a first year finance mba . 
  that 's why i 'm glad i 'm a second year finance mba ... 
  it 's ugly as sin , but i dig it . 
  i live in ithaca right now and it 's so wonderful . 
  because you fucked my mother until she died, 
  because you 've made my prostate triple in size . 
  so cool !, 
  because after taking a huge dump , i always need to turn you on, 
  yeah , better operations skills on behalf of management meant they were able to get more people in and make it feel like less . 
  that 's awesome . 
  because i wish you had more holes for me to use, 
  i 've always liked the small barber shop in the commons next to t-shirt express . 
  $ 15 for a damn g of haircut and the barber is quite the character . 
  * did anyone claim to represent seceded states in congress or any parts of the union american government during the civil war ? 
  * if so , did they have any actual power or were they largely symbolic ? 
  * knight can be any gender, 
  * wish must be within the powers of the ruler . 
  the knight ca n't ask for the sun to crash into the earth , but the knight can wish to fight the queen in a jello wrestling match - and so it shall be . 
  i hear some people say that swansea is an attacking team , and others counter that they 're dangerous when they 're not in front of the goal . 
  how would you categorize the team 's style of play ? 
  i 'm wondering if bill clinton and other conservative democrats created today 's republican party by allowing more hard right ideas to be in the realm of acceptability . 
  everyone here seems like a pretty intelligent bunch , so i 'm expecting a lot of good news . 
  came across this list on tumblr : http://catsbythegreat.tumblr.com/post/136837830804/horror-prompts . 
  i 'm going to try and tackle one per week , but i thought i 'd share with you all as they seem pretty good !, 
  inspired by [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/rjemlgs ) imgur post , i realized that i ca n't name a single work of `` great '' european architecture from antiquity that was n't built by roman hands ( or at least supervised by roman project managers / whip crackers ) . 
  i imagined that looking for great churches from antiquity would pull up some responses , but even [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_church_buildings ) shows almost entirely italian churches or areas that were once roman . 
  am i to assume that until [ 1070 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canterbury_cathedral ) , anglos , slavs , germans , and normans were all worshiping in thatched long halls ? 
  their kings ruled from tents made of buckskin and sinew ? 
  i 'm probably wrong , i 'd love to know how badly . 
  i 'm curious if the eu explores the empire at all from a political science angle . 
  what was the emperor 's tax policy ? 
  did quality of living improve at all ? 
  what important treaties took place and how high was the level of diplomatic intrigue ? 
  yes , yes , we know he was a sith and he was evil - but even genghis khan 's subjects write of him as providing a stable and peaceful government once the pillaging was over . 
  tell me a `` buried alive '' story with a southern gothic twist, 
  * it 's only 90 miles to eugene * , i tell myself , trying to forget how heavy my eyes feel . 
  the january snow has pushed me off of highway 58 , traffic had slowed to a crawl before freezing completely as idiot downstate and california drivers forgot that inclement weather meant you could n't do 70 on a 55 . 
  my gps 's robotic , british voice guides me down the unfamiliar backroads , all of them bearing creative names like `` rural road forty-five hundred . '', 
  i 'm not alone on this drive . 
  an intermittent stream of cars passes on the other side , maybe one every thirty minutes .
