  the backroads are n't as well maintained as the highway , though . 
  potholes and deer are a persistent danger , the blizzard and the thin moonlight do n't help either . 
  i spot the first broken down car shortly after i pass by notch lake , the car 's dome lights are on , but there 's nobody inside . 
  hardly any snow has collected on it . 
  i hope somebody picked up whoever was traveling . 
  these woods are deep and dark , and if the traveler was n't local , it 's easy to get lost . 
  a horror story my brother told me crosses my mind . 
  he said that pioneers used to go missing here , their bodies would be found months later , still warm , their faces frozen in terror , their organs removed as if done by a surgeon teaching a class . 
  the cuts were small and precise . 
  this story runs through my head as i see the next broken down car , a mother and a child are inside , their cupped hands pressed up against the air vents . 
  i think of stopping to help them , but i 'm reminded of how tired i feel . 
  and my brother 's damn story . 
  the next three miles reveal two more vehicles on the side of the road . 
  i 've never seen this many abandoned cars in my life , and certainly not on a drive as short as this . 
  i turn up the volume on my phone , singing loudly to try and remove the creeping dread . 
  as the moon 's sliver disappears behind the top of treeline , my phone dies . 
  i thought i had full battery ? 
  no phone means no gps . 
  three pops explode from under my car , followed by the sound of metal rims on asphalt . 
  i pull over and exit for a walk , looking for drivers while swearing at the cold . 
  no help is arriving from either direction . 
  i resign to wait in my car until someone passes . 
  i 'm sitting and praying that my phone turns on when i see the first pale face appear from between the trees . 
  it is a long white head , with almond shaped black eyes and a thin slit for a mouth . 
  there is n't a nose . 
  i rub my eyes , it 's just snow . 
  i blink , there are three faces . 
  their bodies are black , yet i ca n't fully focus on them , it 's like trying to make out the images on an instant photo that 's still developing . 
  the three creatures glide at me , leaving no trail , their mouths opening . 
  roxy counted the clangs of the church bells -- ah hell , it was only 11 , the night had already felt much longer . 
  the shadows were back . 
  she knew they wanted nothing more to punch her teeth down her throat . 
  she was n't tweaking , she had n't based in half a year , still she felt every hot pulse of blood as it ran under her skin . 
  she wanted to find somewhere warm , she wanted to find someone to share her bedroll with , someone to hold her close . 
  the shelter had turned her out , not enough beds , and she did n't want to wait in line and sleep under the cold concrete doorways like all the other latecomers . 
  perhaps she would find luella , that uretic old veteran kept a place under the tracks on 12th and mlk -- no , luella slept in the open , roxy needed walls and a roof . 
  * christ , when you 're homeless , the whole world is a haunted house * , thought roxy , right as she felt a shadow 's icy nail brush against her cheek . 
  no matter how fast roxy walked , she could still see the shadows keeping pace on the edge of her vision , where they moved they were an absence , removing whatever they were on top of until roxy looked directly at them -- then they disappeared . 
  she felt their hatred . 
  she knew they wanted to kill her . 
  white snow started falling , it was one of those fucked up seattle winters , she wished it would only either rain or snow , that would determine which jacket she 'd dig out of the abandoned drain pipe where she stocked her best clothes and lucky cans , the thin grey rubber jacket she was wearing was never warm enough , but her wool jacket sucked up water . 
  roxy closed her eyes and exhaled . 
  she kept walking , the creatures could n't attack her if she could n't see them , right ? 
  same rules as hiding from the monsters in her childhood closet . 
  she placed her hands on her ears . 
  dylan was dressed in the toughest hoodie he could find when the stinking woman bumped into him . 
  he was waiting for his dealer , a grey dreadlocked man who always proclaimed that what he had was `` the best shit in the state , '' and he did n't want to disappoint the two friends he had brought with . 
  `` oh , what the fuck ? '' he shouted , looking down at her , all frail legs and bloated belly . 
  snot was running from her nose and it had smeared on his hoodie where she hit him . 
  dylan pushed her to the ground and then looked at his friends . 
  bradley and logan shrugged their shoulders . 
  dylan knew they were n't used to neighborhoods like this , honestly , he was n't either . 
  `` got ta teach this dumb bitch a lesson , '' he said , deepening his voice . 
  the woman was on the ground , her eyes closed and her hands at her ears . 
  dylan delivered a kick to her stomach , she cried out . 
  he kicked again , then looked at the two boys with him . 
  they did n't stop him . 
  alex was carrying her sleeping daughter up her home 's stairs when she was startled by a violent vibration from her cellphone . 
  it was probably a text from andrea , her wife 's graveyard shift at the hospital led to quick messages between patients on less busy nights . 
  holly felt heavy in alex 's arms -- alex knew that a day was coming when she would n't be able to pick up her daughter anymore . 
  holly 's first day of kindergarten had been hard for both of them , although alex had managed to hold back tears until holly was already inside . 
  alex laid her daughter down in bed , flanked as always by elsa and anna dolls , holly 's face was illuminated by the red light of the plastic frozen alarm clock blinking 1:00 am . 
  downstairs , the movie 's menu screen looped on the television , waiting to be turned off . 
  alex 's phone shook in her pocket again , the sender displayed on her iphone as a string of zeros with no text , no preview and only an attached photo . 
  she hesitated , nearly returning the phone to her pocket , before tapping the screen to see an image of herself standing in her kitchen , wearing the same blue pajamas she currently had on . 
  she was screaming and looking at the unseen photographer through the glass panes of the kitchen 's back door . 
  `` andrea ? '' there was no response . 
  grabbing the rail on the stairs and leaning forward , she peered onto the ground level . 
  the house was empty and most of the lights were off apart from the blue glow cast by the television . 
  she crept down the steps and into the kitchen and flicked on the lights . 
  there was only her and the bay windows that became mirrors in the light . 
  alex killed the lights and looked out the windows into the black woods behind the house . 
  she opened the back door from the kitchen and looked about . 
  it smelled like oak and burning leaves . 
  andrea had referenced seeing a strangely dressed man traversing the neighborhood when she was at home during the day , casing houses . 
  alex shook the thought from her mind . 
  alex 's phone shook again in her hand . 
  now she was shown running up the steps , a freely-bleeding narrow gash exposing muscle and bone in her right forearm . 
  her jaw tightened . 
  this is n't funny ! '' she only heard silence in response . 
  another text , now only a hand bearing her engagement ring , lying limply on the dark hardwood at the top of the stairs , blood pooling on the ground and splattered on the walls . 
  each line of splashed blood came at a different angle , as if whatever had tore at her had made numerous cuts . 
  alex 's stomach turned . 
  her eyes began to water as her phone vibrated one more time . 
  now the image was of holly , asleep in her bed , a thin shadow cast over her , the bedside clock reading 1:15 am . 
  alex screamed , she was beginning to turn to go upstairs when the handle on the back door began to move . 
  the gofundme is here : https://www.gofundme.com/jason-thomas-family-support-fund, 
  jason thomas was loved by everyone here at cornell . 
  he passed away last night . 
  he leaves behind a wife and two very young children . 
  we 're raising funds to help them through this time . 
  hey folks , finishing up my nyc interviews and coming back to ithaca . 
  if anyone wants to come with , let me know . 
  i 'm an mba student , 27 years old , and we 'll probably be listening to the beatles or hipster music . 
  depending on how my interviews went , i 'll either be talkative or depressed , ha, 
  a year is normally a silent creature . 
  memetic beings willed to life by our belief in them , years are the result of man 's need to arbitrarily divide and classify everything . 
  2016 did not mean to be cruel , but in its final days and hours it does nothing but whisper `` i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry '' through gray lips . 
  natalie byrn was born with the unfortunate gift of only seeing people as they would look when they died . 
  walks through the park were filled with the sight of lucky couples , old and frail together , and unlucky ones , like the bald , skinny man who looked to be years shy of thirty and his wife who had bruises around her neck and black tears of running mascara .
