  person b : `` but council has stopped arguing with each other , and that pothole in hyperspace finally got filled after 20 years of petitions '', 
  posts like this make me wonder if perhaps he was a better administrator than we give him credit for ? 
  they told you it was a tradition for all of the theatre students to visit the old plantation once ever year , the night before their first show of the fall . 
  you keep your hands crossed along your chest , this october night feels colder than it should , and the inside of this creaking old house seems to tunnel the wind to make it even stronger than it is outside . 
  a branch smacks against one of the many cracked windows outside . 
  `` i 've heard that the hust family used to be one of the richest in the nation before the civil war , '' says samuel , a wellbuilt tech who seems to only dress in black shirts and jeans , `` there even used to be a building or two on campus named after them , but that all changed in the sixties . '' you 're not sure what you hear in his voice , but you hope it is n't disappointment . 
  he uses his phone to lead the way through the house , the damn thing was built like a maze in case of a slave revolt , but eventually your group makes it to the bedroom in the attic , the former quarters of abigail . 
  abigail hust was the last person from the family to live in the plantation , she was born in 1905 , but nobody knows when she died , she was last seen just before the earthquake of 1970 . 
  `` it was n't an earthquake , '' says melissa , `` but it was the devil himself coming to take her soul . 
  her family got rich on sin and she was left to have the debt collected . '' you are sitting in a circle now with twelve other students . 
  melissa reaches into her backpack and produces a ouija board . 
  the temperature in the room seems to drop twenty degrees . 
  you swear you can see you breath . 
  `` now we call to her for her blessing , we summon her for her protection ! '' melissa 's voice gets deep and playful , sounding like carnival gypsy . 
  there 's a reason she 's an actress and not a writer however . 
  six students place their hands on the planchette and it begins to move . 
  `` tell me , oh abigail , will this be the best production of the drowsy chaperone the world has ever seen ? '', 
  the planchette moves to no . 
  `` abigails being a bit of a bitch tonight , '' says juliette , who has the lead role of janet . 
  juliette takes a swig of vodka from a plastic bottle and offers it to you . 
  you take a sip , these are new friends and you want to fit in , but this stuff tastes like piss and battery acid . 
  still , juliette is n't the type of person to piss off . 
  she 's obviously the alpha in this group , and nobody ever tells her no . 
  `` she probably saw the 2006 version on broadway with bob saget as the narrator , '' says samuel , `` you ca n't beat saget . '', 
  melissa rolls her eyes , `` oh abigail , will any of us ever be famous ? '' the planchette slides to yes . 
  your teeth start to chatter . 
  you hear a pounding noise in the distance . 
  it 's not a tree hitting a window , it 's heavier , like hands against a wall . 
  `` hey guys , how much longer is this going to last ? '' you ask . 
  `` rookie , do n't be such a scared little bitch , okay ? 
  you 're going to kill our vibe , '' says samuel , `` you 're only an understudy , we can replace you . '', 
  the pounding is growing louder and closer . 
  a grin is beginning to crack along juliette 's face , its unnerving . 
  now the pounding is at the door , the handle shakes with the force , before the door gives way and reveals a bleeding woman in a tattered gown . 
  the woman comes at you with her arms outstretched , her eyes are black and sunken . 
  everyone is screaming . 
  you jump from your seat and past the woman , down the stairs and into the house . 
  an hour from this moment , you will realize that one of your classmates was shouting at you , `` come back , it was a prank ! '' but for now , your heart is pounding in your ears and you are practically falling down the first stair case . 
  perhaps you heard juliette say `` fuck \u2019em '' or `` forget about them . '', 
  this damn house is a maze you think , but you 've heard it 's always best to follow the left wall . 
  you ca n't remember where you heard that , but it 's better than nothing . 
  you twist through the house in the darkness , running your hand along the peeling wallpaper . 
  your escape ends when the floor disappears for only a foot . 
  you know it is only a small hole because your chin hits the other side of the hole as you fall , snapping your head back and filling your mouth with blood as your teeth pierce into your tongue . 
  you do n't fall now , you slide , down the edges of a tight rocky chasm that grows tighter and tighter until you 're stuck . 
  the blackness of the house has been replaced by darkness like you 've never known before . 
  your feet are trapped and your ankle feels broken . 
  you grab your phone but it tells you that it has no signal . 
  next , you reach for the lighter in your pocket , flicking it on and waving it up -- you ca n't even see the hole you fell through . 
  turning the lighter to the side , you see her . 
  she 's only a skeleton now , her fingers are pressed against the edge of the chasm , there are deep scratch marks close to where her hands rest and the ends of her fingers look like they were sharpened down into fine , blade like points . 
  you spit the blood from your mouth and scream but the rock seems to swallow the noise . 
  you scream again , louder . 
  when it comes to human body , survival is a game of threes . 
  it only takes three minutes without air to die , or three day without water , or three weeks without food . 
  they told you it 's a tradition to only visit this house once per year . 
  mexican here , came to this sub to take your jobs and women - instead saw some pretty kick ass flags . 
  these are very powerful looking , good job , ya fascist . 
  `` we are both characters in a story , '' said the green haired man to the doctor with the purple eyes . 
  `` and how does this story end ? '', 
  replied the psychiatrist . 
  the prisoner reached into the pocket of his jumpsuit and removed a ruby the size of his fist . 
  an alarm sounded but with a wave of his free hand , the doors to the psychiatrist 's quarters locked shut and the locks broke . 
  `` i got this from doctor destiny , '' said the green haired man . 
  his voice bounced around inside the psychiatrist 's head , his patient did not open his mouth . 
  `` i 've heard stories about you , you 've got a hunger like killer croc , but a brain like the riddler without weakness , or ghul without ego . '', 
  the psychiatrist flexed his fingers . 
  `` i do n't know how it ends yet , but i can tell you this , '' and as his voice trailed off , the walls melted away , revealing a mahogany walled study , books were everywhere . 
  a man was sitting in a chair in front of a fireplace , he faced away from them , lost in thought , his elbows on his knees and his hands folded over each other to form a rest for his chin . 
  the green haired man 's voice appeared again in the psychiatrist 's head , `` the next act features you enjoying billionaire foie gras . '', 
  a scapel appeared in the psychiatrist 's hands . 
  he smiled . 
  the actor playing the lucifer character seems to be a diamond in this turd . 
  maybe ? 
  but he 's very close to the way i 've always pictured gaiman/carey 's lucifer from the comics . 
  he has the playful swagger and the debonair attitude . 
  be still my heart . 
  it 's not awful , i think . 
  fuck , if she 's an elaine belloc stand in ... 
  serial adventure fantasy is a pretty common idea . 
  but it 's common because it works !, 
  i love worlds that are big and filled with mystery . 
  i like lots of things described , but not described too in-depth . 
  for example , martin does a fantastic job in building cultures , religions , and geography . 
  he gives me just enough to keep it interesting but not so much that i lose interest . 
  he does a terrible job on food . 
  if i have to sit through one more description of suckling pig ... 
  drifters tend to be the main character of adventure fantasy , so i 'd suggest reading [ the tv tropes ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/thedrifter ) page for inspiration , realize what tropes you want to use and which ones you want to invert . 
  fuck you , that was amazing . 
  now i want the full novel . 
  i love it . 
  it 's occurred to me that you do n't see too much industrial revolution fantasy set outside of london/london-in-all - but-name . 
  your response was very original . 
  oh my , especially if the villain was once the mentor ... !, 
  it 's very common to see an apprentice become corrupted , but seeing a mentor corrupted is a wonderful twist . 
  do n't spoil it !, 
  just write it !, 
  ( and let me know when it 's finished ! ), 
  hmm , that 's a tough one . 
  you 're a fantastic writer , and i know either would be rewarding to us readers .
