  which is exactly what varoufakis has been asking since february . 
  so , varoufakis was right after all , which means that the eurogroup ministers and their governments , have been lying all along , pretending that greece 's debt is sustainable while it is n't , and refusing necessary steps needed . 
  instead they have been proposing to greece to sign a deal that ignores the very fact that the debt is unsustainable , without required actions included , a deal that they knew greece 's government could n't possibly sign , and would lead it to a dead end . 
  it is obvious that the eurogroup has been working on a conspiracy to overthrow the greek government . 
  hello everybody . 
  i 'm about to tell you about the austerity conspiracy . 
  you might have heard that the southern european countries have been forced to accept ` austerity ' measures , and that any country that might disagree risks of being kicked out of the eurozone , with greece being a much discussed exampled in the last days . 
  if someone looks at greece 's numbers , he will discover that its gdp fell down about 25 % since the ` austerity ' started , its debt to gdp ratio went from 110 % to 180 % , and its unemployment from 9.5 % to 28 % . 
  the numbers speak for themselves , and make it clear that austerity is destroying greece 's economy . 
  but there is more than that . 
  how is austerity destroying an economy such as that of greece , and why do countries like germany insist in more and more austerity , if it is so destructive to greece 's economy after all ? 
  does n't germany wants to take back the money it loaned to greece ? 
  this is the official story that if you think about it does n't really make much sense , but let 's take a deeper look into it . 
  the austerity measures are two things : government cuts and tax rates increases . 
  what the increase in taxes like the vat and the gasoline tax do , is to inflate the prices of everything produced in that country . 
  just making the fuels more expensive , has an immediate effect on everything , as everything needs to be shipped around , things such as food , clothes , electronic devices , absolutely everything . 
  vat increase also increases prices . 
  so basically and clearly , what tax increases like those of austerity packages do , is price inflation of locally produced goods . 
  now let me tell you a bit about how the eurozone works . 
  the markets of the eurozone are united and globalized , and there are no fees aplied to imports / exports from one country to another . 
  neither there are conversion rates , as everybody is using the euro . 
  that means that someone from country a of the ez can buy and import something from country b , and only have to pay the actual price of the product to the business selling it , and the shippment cost . 
  it is also a fact that bigger countries because they are bigger can produce larger quantities , and thus also less expensive , because price is set by the amount of production . 
  that means that a german product for example of a given quality will be less expensive than an italian or greek product of the same quality . 
  even without the austerity measures , larger countries like germany have an advantage in the market over smaller ones , because they are able to produce and price their products at lower costs , which makes them more competitive . 
  that has been obvious since the euro started being used , as german export rates were launched to the heavens , german supermarkets like lidl showed up everywhere , and german products started being available at the other countries everywhere , costing way less than local products . 
  now factor in the fact that the biggest supporter of austerity is germany . 
  germany is been pushing the other ez countries to raise all their tax rates , which results to price inflation of local produced goods in the countries that adopt austerity , which makes them practically not affordable , while the german produced products are getting cheaper than ever , and the german companies more competitive than ever . 
  germany thus is making way more billions every month than what it gives as loans to anybody . 
  the austerity policy the southern countries are forced to follow is a conspiracy to make the products of these countries unaffordable to their citizens , for the shake of improving the competitiveness of german products , to raise german exports . 
  in the mean time , the economies of the countries that apply austerity are squeezed and devastated , as they bleed money that germany sucks , as an economic vampire . 
  that 's what austerity is all about . 
  numbers speak for themselves , and its pretty clear for anyone who looks at the numbers , that after austerity the countries that adopted it started losing money , due to imports , while germany 's economy was boosted because of the increase in its exports . 
  in his latest interview , varoufakis said that tsipras secretly wanted the ` yes ' to win on the referendum , so he would escape the responsibility of accepting more austerity , by dropping it to the greek people . 
  ( link in greek ) http://www.zougla.gr/politiki/article/o-varoufakis-ksanaktipise-i-simfonia-ine-praksikopima-na-pai-se-ekloges-o-tsipras varoufakis says that when he met the prime minister after the victory of ` no ' , all cheered up , he met tsipras and his council to be ` negatively charged ' and ` completely opposite to the mood of the people ' . 
  the two men are giving seperate interviews at the same time . 
  varoufakis is interviewed by an independent internet news website , answering tweets , tsipras by state tv and its journalists . 
  both interviews are in greek though . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ownbzwfyg-4 http://webtv.ert.gr/ert1-live/ some varoufakis quotes : `` i will keep being involved with politics '' , `` i will do anything i can to honor the vote of the greek people '' , `` members of the hellenic financial stability fund are paid 200.000 euros per month . 
  i asked the eurozone to cut their wages , but it refused '' . 
  ilias kasidiaris , a member of the parliamet of greece of the nationalist golden dawn party , teared up the papers which described the new deal of greece 's government with the eurozone . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urpfcfp02mq ( tearing up occurs in 3:30 of this video ) here is his speech : `` for many months now , since tsipras became a usual goer to all the international forums of the international loan sharks , and the foreign plutocracy , from texas to the london school of economics , golden dawn had said that this human had took the job of destroying greece , and today we are absolutely justified . 
  because in just a week they ( syriza ) come here to pass two seperate anti-national legislations . 
  the third , unwanted , antihellenic bailout , and the illegal immigrant legislation which legalizes the illegal immigrants , and will turn greeks to a minority in their own country . 
  the antihellenist schultz , this shameful trash of the europarliament , also verified to us . 
  he said that tsipras is the only one who can make the third bailout happen . 
  he is the man for the special operations of international usury , his the man that will destroy greece , through the unwanted bailout , through its economic destruction , and through illegal immigration which will make us the minority in greece . 
  you lied before the elections , you lied for 6 whole months , you sold us a big fairy tale , a theater act , with the supposed negotiations , which were a few small trips ... a few small trips in which you vacated in brussels and strasburg , and had fun being photographed for marie claire , and other lifestyle magazines , you promoted yourselves , and you come here today to say that you absolutely accept the sellout of greece . 
  having already destroyed the market , thousands of our co-citizens have lost their jobs in just a few months , and most importantly , after a resounding no , a no that expresses the vast majority of greeks , a no that constitutes illegal any decision of the parliament for the acceptance of the memoranda dictatorship , the international loan sharks . 
  minister tsakalotos talked a while ago for the ` rich ' . 
  `` we will hit the rich '' he said , who are the rich ? 
  is n't he himself rich ? 
  having more than 800.000 euros deposited in offshore banks ? 
  with more than 800.000 euros deposited ? 
  with more than 1.300.000 in deposits and 28 houses in total all over the world ? 
  who are the ` rich ' you are going to hit ? 
  when you do n't even dare to touch the benefits of the parliamentarians . 
  we gave a battle , during the second bailout when we revealed to the public about the benefits parliamentarians received , and new democracy was lying . 
  and you today crush the farmers with these new measures , you crush the freelancers , and you do n't even dare to touch the wages , and benefits of the parliamentarians . 
  you gave us a paper not even worthy for us to spit on it , a shameful paper written in english , which refers to a fund of 50 billion euros , that will be bidding the public assets . 
  where do these 50 billion euros come from ? 
  what are you going to sell , syriza 's offices that are on koumoundourou street ? 
  the fifty billions are our oil , the natural gas , the natural wealth of greece that germans want to take from us . 
  but they wo n't take anything from greece , and these shameful , odious memoranda that the greek people refused , will send you and your policy to the trash bin of greek history . 
  the parliamentarians of syriza are right to be afraid that golden dawn will become a giant through all this , through all this 180 degree turn , through your bailout policy , we will grow like a giant , because now only golden dawn expresses the honorable no of the greeks , the national resistance of greeks , the national sovereignty of the greeks , the greece that belongs to the greeks . '', 
  [ removed ], 
  hello , in this post i 'm going to write a few short paragraphs in an article about social phenomena i have experienced or noticed in my country , greece , that appeared or became more severe since 2010 . 
  i am not a professional writer or journalist , just another redditor , so please be kind . 
  i took the decision to write this , because i want to share some stories and `` get them out of my chest '' , and also because out of curiosity i wander if similar phenomena exist in other countries of our continent , and hear some input from others . 
  so without further ado , let 's start . 
  ok so one thing has to do with the relations of employers and employees . 
  they 've become worse . 
  there are two reasons for that . 
  one is the high unemployment rate which makes it easier than ever for an employer to fire someone and get someone else , and the second is the structural changes that according to troika will make the market more competitive . 
  so many bosses now take the role of the ` boss ' quite further than they should , accompanied with a feeling of smug superiority . 
  the less bad thing is that bosses now ask you to do all kinds of chores . 
  like for example say you are hired as a front-end web developer , and the employer asks you to go buy him coffee , take his dog for a walk etc. . . and of course you will spend more time at work , without getting paid for it . 
  at worst , employers keep postponing pay you for months . 
  sometimes after some months of not paying , they fire you and they never pay you for all the work you 've done . 
  there are some cases in which people demanded to get paid for the months they worked got attacked and injured . 
  perhaps you might have heard about the story from 4 years ago when at a strawberry field the boss started shooting at bangladeshi workers that were never paid and demanded their salaries : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/30/bangladeshi-strawberry-pickers-shot-at-by-greek-farmers-win-european-rights-case but this is just one case that got popular because of its size and the fact the attacked were bangladeshis . 
  there are more incidents of attacks , that do n't get to international news . 
  like for example recently a greek woman was attacked with punches and kicks by her ex-boss for demanding the salary for her work , but this news story was ` disappeared ' . 
  of course quite usually people who do work and are getting paid are harassed daily by their bosses with name calling and what not , and workers swallow their pride and accept it because they are afraid of losing their jobs and not finding another one after . 
  a job has become something rare , and if you are lucky to find one you are expected to do whatever you are told , even things not related to your profession , and being harassed , and feel lucky about it because you have a job while others do n't . 
  another phenomenon is the rise of fringe political groups , and political extremism . 
  politicians that were once thought to be clowns now have got into the parliament . 
  neonazis have become the 3rd strongest party in the parliament . 
  a bunch of neonazis murdered a man some years ago , a group of anarchists walked into the offices of some business and broke machinery in it like computers etc with hammers , recording it all with a cell phone and uploading it to youtube ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mbyeh3soku these are just hand-picked incidents , there are more like these . 
  a third phenomenon is people believing easier than ever in conspiracy theorist charlatans . 
  we are perhaps the only country in the world where an elected parliamentarian asked the government if it secretly ` sprays ' people with a chemical , following the popular `` chemtrails '' conspiracy theory . 
  aside from that , a few years ago a man appeared on tv saying he had 3 trillion euros ( !, 
  ) , and that he would give 600 billions from his wealth to end greece 's debt . 
  when asked where he found all that money , he said that the ` gods ' of ancient greeks were aliens , and that he discovered an abandoned spaceship of them , and that he sold the technology of that aircraft . 
  he promised that not only he would pay greece 's public debt , but also that he would give each greek 25.000 euros once he becomes the ruler of greece . 
  because of course he wanted to rule greece as a return for his favor ... and people believed him . 
  and they went to find him , and he convinced them that he can only use the money after he becomes the prime minister . 
  and asked people to pay so he can start a political party . 
  and some people paid , and hundreds of offices of his new party popped up at cities and towns all over the country . 
  eventually one of his organization 's members ( who are all nutjobs ) murdered another thinking that the other member was plotting to steal his place in this organization of nutjobs .
