  get out of here stalker !, 
  i feel you . 
  not really . 
  because this is n't organic growth , it only looks like growth because the government raised tax rates even further . 
  next year there will be a deficit again . 
  so mediterraneans are the happiest ? 
  my country is not even included . 
  i guess we are supposed to be very happy . 
  does n't make much sense . 
  it 's like saying to prevent pregnancy you are going to kill some ants . 
  to improve defense , duh . 
  instantly deport all illegal immigrants . 
  arm all policemen . 
  frequent patrols . 
  have isps block access to all ` suspect ' websites . 
  parents , send your children to learn martial arts . 
  walk armed on the street . 
  keep your eyes open . 
  that 's how one gets citizenship in the uk ? 
  just by being born there ? 
  it 's a good thing that in greece citizenship is only given to people that have at least 1 parent greek . 
  but stupid leftists want to change that . 
  so in france you can marry dead people ? 
  and it was n't much ago that i heard that a british married herself . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  is it only in my country that humans can marry other living humans ? 
  size does n't matter . 
  military tech and courage matter . 
  just look how the great powers had split the world in half deciding which countries to rule which . 
  their audacity is cringefull . 
  i 've been listening about usage of this area for years . 
  do you really believe they will actually , eventually , do something with it now ? 
  yes . 
  it says greece 's minimum is 684 . 
  i know a lot of people being paid 400 per month . 
  to integrate and work in actual jobs ? 
  i 've met immigrants from iraq too , but unlike afghans they came in families , sent their children to schools , and got to work in normal jobs . 
  bangladeshis immigrants are also only male and muslim , but they work in ok jobs , and they are kind ... 
  so it 's really not a matter of religion . 
  it 's just the national culture of afghans i think . 
  afghans started coming to greece since the afghan war started in 2001 . 
  unemployment started becoming a problem in greece only after the first austerity measures in 2010 . 
  afghans were not working before it was cool !, 
  ( many of them sell drugs and steal people , but i do n't consider things like these ` jobs ' ), 
  wait ... 
  there are afghan kids in germany ? 
  so afghan kids exist ? 
  : o the only afghans i 've seen in greece are men above 16 . 
  and they do n't go to school . 
  neither i 've seen any of them ever working . 
  they are the minority with the highest crime rate . 
  they kill you to take your phone . 
  there are such headlines ? 
  i mean greece agreed on every austerity measure schaueble wanted . 
  and the disagreement is between imf and eu . 
  and still its greeks who get blamed ? 
  that 's some serious scape goating . 
  thank you . 
  do you know what concerns me ? 
  the reason the jackals are leaving the balkans . 
  what could lead them to do such a migration ? 
  lack of food ? 
  then perhaps there should be an investigation why herbivores decline . 
  climate change ? 
  from the moment i read this news story , it really troubles me , and i think there should be an investigation about it . 
  georgia ... where colchis is . 
  this place was colonized by greeks several centuries before christ . 
  and it was at that point that we stopped calling it \u0386\u03be\u03b5\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 \u03a0\u03cc\u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 , and we changed its name to \u0395\u03cd\u03be\u03b5\u03b9\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 \u03a0\u03cc\u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 . 
  do you know what the problem is ? 
  here in greece we have a saying `` turkey exports its problems '' . 
  we say that , because it seems that it is a common practice of people of power in your country to make up issues between our countries so the public opinion and interest of your people turn to the ` conflict ' every time there are problems in your country , because the people on power want you to be absorbed with `` the others '' so you do n't pay attention to the local domestic problems of your country . 
  do you remember the conspiracy of operation sledgehammer ? 
  the military people of your country were planning to bomb your mosques ( ! ), 
  and kill your own people ( ! ), 
  and blame it to greece ( ! ), 
  risking a war , and at least making you hate us , only for getting the chance to establish a dictatorship . 
  it shocked me when i learned about it . 
  and what shocked me the most was not that they would blame us , but they would actually kill your people . 
  from that point i realized that something is really wrong in turkey , and i feel bad for turkish people having to go through this . 
  back then i actually liked erdogan . 
  he seemed progressive , and he was giving the impression that he wanted to make positive steps forward to make our two nations more friendly . 
  but recently he has changed so much , and now he looks as if he could do something similar the military conspirers would do . 
  i am appalled by how easily some of the people who have power in your country can endanger the peace between us , blame us without doing something , and even turn against you , their own people . 
  how should i feel with all this going on ? 
  try to put yourself in my place , and see how you would see things from my position . 
  the whiter someone is the more european he is ? 
  skin color has all to do with the distance from the equator . 
  the further you are from it , the whiter you are . 
  except from australia . 
  australia is the odd one out . 
  those maggots that say greeks are mixed with arabs because they are ` darker ' than northener europeans are just ignorant , as greece was never occupied by arabs , not even for a single day . 
  yeah . 
  the map is like saying that the percentage of greeks in turkey is higher than the percentage of greeks in greece . 
  kurds are a persian tribe . 
  turks ( original ) are mongolian tribe . 
  today 's population of turkey is mostly not comprised of genetically turks , but by descendants of turkified peoples of other nations . 
  i mean if you look at the face of erdogan ( forget everything he has ever said ) , you could even mistake him for a greek . 
  he has the large round eyes , the straight greek nose , even the protruding greek chin like an ancient greek statue . 
  the fact that he is brainwashed and probably hates greeks and does n't feel like one , does n't mean that 10 or 15 generations ago his ancestors were n't speaking greek and did n't considered themselves greeks . 
  look .
