  or the countries that do n't want immigrants could sent them back to their countries . 
  if that started happening , after a few months no other immigrants would come as they would know they would spend lots of money to come , for nothing . 
  ca n't build walls on the sea . 
  but that 's your point of view as a westerner . 
  what she is going to say is that it is opressive for women to wear skimpy clothes because they become sexually objectified in the west . 
  1/10 of my country 's population is albanian immigrants and i never saw one albanian woman wearing that thing . 
  some ( few actually ) old albanian women might wear ordinary head scarfs , but none a thing like this . 
  the young albanian women dress just like greek women of their age . 
  i do n't know how things work in the states , but here in a number of eu countries if someone is covering his / her face , is automatically considered a suspect for crime . 
  in greece were i live which borders italy , wearing masks or in another way hiding facial characteristics is itself illegal . 
  even having tinted glasses on your car is illegal . 
  a citizen is supposed to keep himself / herself identifiable at all times . 
  gypsies have dark skin , like egyptians . 
  which is why when europeans first saw them mistook them for e-gypsians , and they started calling them like that . 
  honestly i do n't think istanbul becoming a part of greece would be a good idea . 
  this city alone has as much people living in it as whole greece . 
  plus i consider myself more of a greek , related to plato and kleisthenis than roman . 
  the only greeks that want constantinupolis are those who think that `` our '' `` capital city '' is under foreign rule . 
  it was constantine , the roman who made it a capital city of the roman empire . 
  although the city itself existed long before , and was greek , before the roman empire it was just a peripheral city and did n't had the importance the romans gave it when constantine recognized christianity as the official religion of the empire . 
  it is mostly important to christians , and specifically orthodox as it was the city on which the first official church had its headquarters . 
  quite misinformed . 
  yup , but in dense urban environments it 's worse . 
  think of all the cars generating heat and emitting co2 . 
  it comes down to the criteria with which you evaluate . 
  athenian speaking , i live in a district that is within the boundaries of the ancient city . 
  although athens is far from the best city , it 's not the worst either . 
  personally , there are 3 cities in the world that i 'd like to live , and athens is one of them . 
  the most special thing about this city is its history and legends . 
  i take a walk around and pass from the hill on which socrates and phaedo talked about love in plato 's book `` phaedo '' , then over the river in which the ancients did ritual cleansing to the stadium were the panathenaic games were hold , then i move northwest and i pass from the temple of olympian zeus and hadrian 's arch , to walk on the street next to the foot of the acropolis hill ... 
  even a walk around can be fun . 
  having romantic moments with my other half at the hill of the muses , or spending all night with friends , whine and snacks at areios pagos , the hill of the first judicial court , with a view of the whole city and many of its landmarks ... 
  it has something especial . 
  of course there are negatives too . 
  now in the summer there are lots of annoying mosquitoes in parks and you ca n't have a pleasant sitting at many of them , plus there is a ghetto area full of immigrants with drugs and whores that i avoid as much as i can . 
  xd that 's so stupid , it 's hilarious !, 
  no we are not the nazis . 
  we are those who bring the earthquakes . 
  is there a list of these companies ? 
  are famous companies like mercedes , bmw , lidl included ? 
  first time i meet the term `` female imams '' . 
  what does it mean to ban jehova 's witnesses ? 
  grabing their material possessions is one thing . 
  but how does someone ban a religion , as in what a person believes ? 
  i do n't know much about what they believe , but if it does n't include harming other people or toppling the government , i do n't find a reason for a ban . 
  yes , some albanians have distinctive features . 
  as also some of us greeks have the `` greek face '' . 
  i was watching english speaking talk show the other day , and milo yiannopoulos was among the panel and i recognized him as a greek . 
  those large eyes and straight lines noses . 
  it created a mini tsunami of some cm height that reached some meters in the land . 
  where 's cocoa ? 
  you are right i forgot the translation . 
  follow this link : https://translate.google.gr/translate?hl=el&amp;sl=el&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.protothema.gr%2fgreece%2farticle%2f698388%2fperiergi-upothesi-sto-mouseio-tis-verginas-afrikani-katestrepse-arhaia-adikeimena-%2f as for the reason , it is unknown . 
  she secretly had a spray with her , with which she sprayed . 
  but its not going to allow it . 
  they violate airspace and sea borders right now , without such moves . 
  imagine if we actually used our national rights to help ourselves how jealous turkey would be . 
  it would 90 % start a new war . 
  good idea . 
  too bad neither of us have money to do it . 
  ethnic turks originate to mongolia . 
  right now there are indigenous turks living in china . 
  chinese do n't like mongols or any of the related tribes . 
  they built the great china wall to keep them out of china . 
  since modern turkey speaks about `` freedom of our brothers in china '' , china of course wo n't like turkey . 
  he tried to remove kebab . 
  i am with italy on this . 
  just stay out of the `` no go zones '' and you will be fine . 
  but they are 36 instead of 20 for some reason . 
  and the only non-country leader i know is langarde . 
  btw why is merkel always doing that gesture with her hands at photos ? 
  i think greeks are lying . 
  less than 10 % having tried once ? 
  give me a break ... perhaps 10 % is the amount of people smoking it daily , but i 'm absolutely sure that way more than that have tried it at least once . 
  i think the number in this map is so low because of the stigma weed smokers carry . 
  because weed smokers are hiding in the closet . 
  good . 
  over here the most popular names are george and maria . 
  temple of hepheastus on athens , greece from 450 bc , no reconstructions : http://www.lifo.gr/uploads/image/707232/temple-of-hephaestus.jpg, 
  i do n't think that 's the problem . 
  the first thing i consider is the fact that eu has set some specific rules , as standards that members must follow and turkish governments have n't conformed to these standards . 
  for example the `` anti-racist '' law which among others says stuff about protection of homosexuals . 
  the gay pride was not allowed in istanbul . 
  according to eu standards it should be allowed ... another thing has to do with the criteria that must be met for a person to be put under arrest and jailed , and especially after the coup these criteria are n't met either . 
  erdogan puts in jail whoever he wants with superficial accusations with no evidence ... 
  it 's a lot of things like these where the state / government acts against clear eu rules , and that shows to eu that turkey is n't really serious or even trying to get to the eu . 
  for the past 3 consecutive years i have had accute anxiety and depression showing up periodically . 
  and it 's always happening at the same point of the year , between late february and early march . 
  while it is true that february is one of the darkest months of the year , at least over here were i live , i do n't think it 's just because of that . 
  it 's also the coldest month , and i could say the most ` dead ' month of the year , because if you think about it , nothing happens around that time . 
  the closest festival ( easter ) is still many months away and so is subjective change in the weather ( spring ) , most tv shows start at autumn , video games come out usually either from early autumn to before the christmas or between easter and summer ... 
  so around this time of the year aside from weather factors , there also is n't anything to be excited for . 
  it means competition will become tougher for the businesses of both . 
  now a eu shop not only will have to compete with shops from other eu countries , but also with japanese shops . 
  it also means that japanese products eill become cheaper here , and our products will become cheaper for the japanese . 
  take 10c freely . 
  democracy is more than enough , he just is ignorant or lier . 
  the solution to people disagreeing : rule of the majority , ie democracy . 
  that sounds suspicious . 
  royalty ?
