  the capitals kke are for \u039a\u03bf\u03bc\u03bc\u03bf\u03c5\u03bd\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03cc \u039a\u03cc\u03bc\u03bc\u03b1 \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1\u03c2 literaly translating to `` greek communist party '' . 
  golden dawn describes itself as people 's nationalist party , and they have a racial ideology . 
  another poll said that the centrist union was getting 5 % . 
  this one does n't ever refer to it . 
  finally , a good news . 
  i say something , and you address to me with an ` answer ' that is n't even related to what i say . 
  no the greek people did n't accepted it . 
  the greek people voted no to it . 
  the government did . 
  but even if thats the case , still that does n't change the fact that these were not the ideas the greek government came up with , but the ideas of the lenders . 
  so if their ideas does n't work , would n't it be their fault ? 
  since its their own ideas that do n't work ? 
  here is one thing that have started some fires in the past : in greece cutting an olive tree is crime . 
  it was always a crime . 
  first they were saying that it was given as a gift from athena , then after jesus preyed under an olive tree at gesthemane , the olive tree started being considered blessed by followers of jesus ... and thus until this day the olive tree is revered in greece , and there is a law that makes it a crime to cut it . 
  now imagine that you own a piece of land . 
  and you want to build your house there , or a business , or whatever . 
  and it has olive tree ( s ) grown up on it !, 
  what can you do ? 
  you will not be able to make use of the land . 
  except if ... a wildfire burnt down the tree , so then with the olive tree gone , you can build what you wanted , right ? 
  great comment . 
  thank you, 
  video is priviate, 
  so greece is being ran by schauble , and in case schauble 's ideas turn out destructive , it will be the greeks to blame ? 
  nice logic . 
  fascist logic . 
  i read it in an article i do n't rememer from were . 
  it showed up in my facebook feed at that time . 
  i 'll scroll down on my facebook to see if i can find it , but it will be hard as many hours passed . 
  defense minister kammenos said the army will be patroling forested areas ; plead citizens to immidiately call the police if they see anything suspicious . 
  a little tortoise was burnt . 
  :( https://scontent-mxp1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/11059922_10207275023422295_8226683831229293061_n.jpg?oh=ddd060e825c274ac8ba920ff852c5578&amp;oe=561f0ac9 and who knows how many more little ( and bigger ) animals ... 
  at least when the time comes , we will all know who we will have to blame . 
  and no , it wo n't be ` lazy greeks ' . 
  i do n't know . 
  my guess is that greeks would find it stupid . 
  its one thing for a fire or 3 to start up one summer , a different thing to have 49 hotspots with fires all appearing at the same day , and with evidence of planning all around . 
  here is an idea by a non-nationalist greek : since as you say and it is true most of the historic macedonia is in greece , and the majority of your country 's land is in the historic kingdom of paeonia , why do n't you change the macedonia name for paeonia ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paeonia_ ( kingdom ) it would make more sense , and i think greeks would n't have a problem with it . 
  and you could use the flower with the same name as your national emblem or in the national flag . 
  i ca n't be sure . 
  but last time that many fires started on the same day in greece was at 2007 . 
  and the then prime minister costas karamanles publicly said that he was blackmailed to abort the deal between greece and russia for the natural gas pipeline , which he did . 
  8 years later , and a different party in government , tsipras too went to putin and said he agrees for the pipeline . 
  and ... fires again . 
  i think there is a pattern . 
  it ca n't be them . 
  the land and building market of greece is dead , the prices have dropped more than 70 % , and nobody is buying or building for the past years . 
  it has to be something else . 
  it was programmed and planned . 
  in april some people burnt down 3 watchtowers of the firefighter agency in the mountain hymmetus . 
  the oldest description of europe is that its a piece of land with natural borders the seas , and the uralian and caucasus mountains . 
  but politics act in such a way , that in this year 's eurovision which is a ` european ' song contest , australia joined . 
  i guess they use words such as ` western ' and ` eastern ' as economic jargon instead of the literal , geographical meanings of the words . 
  portugal is further in the west than france or britain , yet its on the ` south ' . 
  thats the single most smart and just thing i 've ever read on r/europe regarding the greece bailouts . 
  it 's something i had thought of too but had n't wrote about . 
  thank you sir . 
  we do it after our hours in job are over . 
  hmm ... but what are the criteria to decide if to deport someone or let him stay ? 
  i personally know lots of fake asylum stories . 
  people saying they are palestinian and flee israel 's bombs , while they are pakistani for example . 
  no i live in greece . 
  the vast majority of immigrants who reach greece does n't want to stay here because they ca n't get jobs , but they are not allowed to leave greece for another eu country either , because of the doublin treaty . 
  at the same time , because of what i described there are no deportations either . 
  the result of all these things is that lots of foreigners get stranded in greece . 
  the ca n't go forward to were they want , and they are not sent back , so they just stay here trying again and again to cross the border in secret until they make it . 
  but then again , there are countries like fyrom who are not forced by the doublin treaty ( since they are not in the eu ) to prevent the immigrants from their way , but they do arrest those who try to pass through their country to get to another eu country , and let them free at greece - fyrom borders , telling them that if they wo n't go back to greece , they will shoot them . 
  good idea , but lots of vocabulary mistakes . 
  tsipras needs to play mortal kombat with merkel , and loose 62 times . 
  the gdp growth on the graph at the link is faked . 
  the ex-prime minister of greece samaras delayed payments that greece had to do , to have more money in the drawer to pretend that there was growth . 
  had he paid on time , greece 's gdp would be negative again . 
  unemployment percentage has n't been lowered because greeks found jobs , but because some of them left , and others died . 
  and not enough new greeks were born to replace . 
  the only thing syriza changed , was to reopen the state tv station , and rehire some cleaner ladies . 
  it did n't changed the actual austerity measures such as taxes , lowered lowest income etc. 
  where did you saw greece 's debt to gdp ratio decreasing ? 
  i 've only been seeing it growing for the last 5 years at least . 
  well then that explains that . 
  could you tell me how deportations work in germany ? 
  i mean were i live the politicians does n't even dare to speak about deporting people , because the medias will scream `` racist !!!, 
  '' , so nobody is sent back , and we are overpopulated with foreigners who does n't even care enough to learn to speak our language , so you walk in your city and you feel like you are in a foreign country . 
  why is she weeping ? 
  germany offers the best and highest refugee benefits in eu and perhaps the world . 
  i personally know people who got to germany as wae refugees , and they were given a house to live , free food , and education , and had an agency to find them jobs . 
  the reason greece 's economy does n't do well is not such regulations , but these factors : 1 . 
  first of all , the combination of the globalization of the markets along with the spread of the internet , and e-banking . 
  its very easy and way cheaper for greeks to import goods from other countries instead of consuming local products , and that leads to an unequal exports - imports balance for greece , and greece bleeds money that way . 
  the money greeks make instead of being circulated on the local market , they are going to other countries , which leads greek businesses to close and fire the people that worked on them . 
  if an electrical device is sold 500 euros on the local shop and you can use google to find it on a foreign store for 150 euros , you will buy it from the foreign store , and you will end up paying about half the price you 'd pay if you were buying from the local store . 
  simply put , the combination of euro + internet + e-banking openned up the competition so much greek businesses ca n't compete . 
  greece 's major industry 30 years ago was agriculture farming . 
  half the greeks were farmers . 
  but when greece joined the eu treaty of maastricht at 1992 , it had to kill its agriculture industry . 
  maastricht only allows greece 's agriculture industry to be worthy of 3 % of the country 's gdp , which meant that farmers were forced to abandon their fields and find another job . 
  and what would they do ? 
  would you except a farmer to become a computer processor designer after he quits cleaning the stable ? 
  they lacked expertise on other proffesions so most of them decided to sell their land and open cafes and restaurants , which does n't require scientific knowledge to open .
