  but that way greece lost production . 
  the fact that the rich men of greece , those who have the capital to invest in growing industries absent in greece , have tunnel vision . 
  the ship owners have billions . 
  but they only ever invest on shipping . 
  they does n't invest in things such as factories for electric devices , or cars , or bikes , or electronic products ... 
  so ... greece is the number 1 country in the shipping industry worldwide . 
  but the international law says that the ship is not taxed on the country that the business that owns it is based , but on the country of the flag the ship curries . 
  and thus greek ship owners put foreign flags on their ships , the flags of countries which are tax heavens , so they wo n't pay taxes . 
  pfft . 
  more half truth propaganda . 
  the casus beli is for the islands and how far from the shore of an island is attributed to the dominion of the country that the island is part of . 
  it is n't about the airspace . 
  the thing is that this airspace is above greek land , meaning the turkish jet can easily let a bomb fall and explode on greek land if the pilot wants to , which makes us greeks nervous . 
  except that , while the airspace is n't globally ` given ' to be owned by a country , the global citizenry agency for airplane regulations , gives different countries the accountability to keep record , control and guide pilots in the airspace , telling planes which routes to go etc , and that happens with the pilots talking to the local air control centers . 
  and while the airspace itself is not officially and internationally ` owned ' by greece , the duty to perform such controls on this airspace is given to the corresponding local greek agency . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_information_region so no matter if turkish , or italian , or whatever country 's jets are flying at that airspace , the normal procedure is to inform and cooperate with the local greek agency , and the thing is that turkey 's jets are n't telling the agency . 
  that 's all folks !, 
  what i 'm certain they will do is to send away the illegal immigrants , which are about 10 % of greece 's population . 
  given that illegal immigrants who have no papers etc ca n't work legal jobs , and thus are living by stuff like black market which is untaxed , the reduction of black market might and will help the economy somewhat . 
  i watch them kinda both . 
  i wo n't get into details right now , but to give you a general idea : until now most of what varoufakis talks about is in the spirit of `` i suggested that , that , that , that , that , that ... to the eurozone , and they rejected everything '' . 
  tsipras is mostly like `` we gave a strong battle , the deal is n't what we hoped for , but things could be worse , so since we are no worse , its ok '' . 
  varoufakis is more precise and talks with details , tsipras talks more generally . 
  because the reason the government took the loans was to hand the money for free to private banks . 
  so rich people can get richer , and in return the common folk gets poorer because austerity . 
  what has britain to do with it ? 
  brits , i am greek and i do n't want this . 
  please pressure your politicians to not take part in this `` rescue '' of greece , which is n't even rescuing greece , but destroying it , by making banksters richer through moving taxpayer 's money from various eu countries to banks , and asking greek taxpayers to pay the money back to the other countries . 
  it 's the system that is broken . 
  you are voting on the premise that the one you vote has the same ideas with you , and will do what he promises before you vote for him . 
  but lying is so easy ... 
  yet that does n't mean that democracy has failed . 
  what passes today for ` democracy ' has nothing to do with actual democracy , where members of the parliament are picked by lottery . 
  the fact that greece is being asked to use its assets and remaining public services as mortgages for the loans the country ca n't pay back ? 
  basically what the eurozone said yesterday was that instead of haircutting or forgiving greece 's debts , it wants to take greece 's stuff as mortgages for the loans it ca n't pay back . 
  its not currently , it would have been if it had n't signed the maastricht treaty , which forced it to kill its agriculture business so it only amounts to 3 % of its gdp . 
  right now , with agriculture amounting to only 3 % of the gdp , the food produced in greece is n't enough to feed its population . 
  but they did n't came out promising in the pre-elections period `` vote for us to cook numbers so we can join the euro '' . 
  we would need an irish guy in the conversation to answer this question . 
  i did n't wrote on my post that imported products are free of tax . 
  then why is 1 litre of german milk sold in greece for 80 cents , and a litre of greek milk is sold in greece for 1.3 euros ? 
  i do n't know if what the greek media say is truth . 
  but i am a greek and i know what they are saying . 
  they are saying that if we leave the eurozone , the new drachma wo n't be as good as it was at 2000 , but it will have worse power than zimbabwe dollars . 
  ( there are paper cash in zimbabwe of 1.000.000 dollars ) the media say that if we leave the euro everyone 's business is going to close , and that it will be a genocide as we will die out of starvation , and that canibalism will be the norm to survive . 
  some people are mocking mainstream media , making memes like this : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-wlgtjyjcros/t7dachgl-yi/aaaaaaaao_i/pgf5vvjvnzs/s400/399156_10150830460958181_340299793180_9841030_138030621_n.jpg which reads `` inevitable coming of the antichrist if we get out of the euro '' . 
  and this : https://mpegleri.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/an-vgoume-apo-to-evrw-2.jpg `` we will be invaded by extra terrestials if we leave the euro < but will smith wo n't come to our rescue  '', 
  because lots of people of greece are old people living ` traditional ' lives , those being living in rural areas , with little knowledge about what is going on , and only voting pasok and new democracy because of what they thought these parties have been representing 30 and 40 years ago . 
  actually a grexit would be good for greece if it also changed its globalized market rules . 
  it would make greeks to consume their own local products instead of importing everything from other countries , and it would boost greek production and economy . 
  because after all , that 's what austerity is all about : inflating the prices of local produced goods artificially through high tax rates , to force the population to import the more affordable foreign products , such as german ones . 
  austerity = inflating local prices to make the population turn its back to local goods so it purchases goods from the market competitor , which is the one that imposes austerity to the other country in the first place . 
  even if they did n't left the country , the public money they stole from greece surely have left it , and are probably at off-shores . 
  ( switzerland comes to mind ), 
  because : 1 . 
  while the corrupted politicians were the government , they injected in the institution a piece which says that no member of the parliament can be taken to jury , and a member of the parliment 's legal cases are written off after the person quits service in the parliament . 
  that makes them untouchable by the law according to the current constitution for any crime they commited while they were / are in the parliament . 
  for a government to be able to change the constitution , 60 % of parliament members have to agree in a vote for it . 
  the current coalition of syriza - anel has about 52 % parliament seats . 
  why this is used as an argument against eu ? 
  because eu knew of all of this all along , and yet still handed billions in the corrupted governments in the past 5 years , that never reached the greek citizens , but yet its the greek citizens who are asked to pay back these loans through their taxes . 
  90 % of the billions eu and imf gave to greece , went 50 - 50 to paying back older loans , and giving them away to bankers . 
  yet the deposits of greek citizens were n't secured by that , but instead the banks used them as if they were their earnings and openned new branches . 
  you pick up isolated exaggerated cases and speak as if they are the norm . 
  yet i do n't see you refering to the fact that about 10 % of greece 's population are illegal immigrants who are stranded in greece because the doublin treaty forbids them from leaving the place to go to another eu country , and at the same time sending them back to their countries is promoted as ` racist ' . 
  guess what ? 
  illegal immigrants with no papers , ids , will do illegal stuff such as smuggling and black market to make some coin , and all of this is untaxed . 
  but nobody ever speaks about immigrants , right ? 
  well tsipras did a 180 degree turn and turned his back to his voters . 
  he burnt his seat of prime minister , and next elections his party will lose . 
  schauble , just keeps vetoing a deal indefinately . 
  am i happy that he made a 180 degrees turn ? 
  nope . 
  i understand the pressure he have had all these days though . 
  but you know what ? 
  for the past 20 years , the party leaders here in greece have been lying to us . 
  there is n't a single political leader who got elected and kept his promises . 
  we wanted to believe that he , tsipras , would be different , that for once , since the abolishment of royalty in our country , a party leader would come up that would believe in the ideas he was preaching before the elections and wo n't betray his voters . 
  we 've been wrong . 
  the whole time . 
  again and again lied to . 
  that makes about 40 % of us to just do n't ever vote or follow the news , to completely ignore politics . 
  some of us even say `` i want the junta back !, 
  '' , meaning the regime of the colonels that made a coup in the 60s . 
  the last 40 years in greece , politicians with all their corruptions , scandals , and lies have made many of my people to even say `` i woud prefer the dictatorship , even if we were getting beaten by the police for nothing back then , instead of this circus of thieves . '', 
  but i 'd answer ` both equally ' , and i am from greece . 
  its such a complex issue , you ca n't just pick one and blame it , neither explain it in a reddit post . 
  in europe yes . 
  :( at greece it had been 13 % until now , but in the negotiations of last month is a raise , to make that 23 % . 
  lol :p lesbos is quite traditional actually . 
  i am amazed she even found yoga . 
  greece 's military has already been weakened by the 2010 and 2012 bailouts that reduced military spending to just the minimum nato standard a country has to spend for its military , and for the past month both greece 's and ez 's new bailout deals included further military cuts that will drop greece 's military spending below nato 's standard anyway . 
  staying in the euro , with such a deal is going to make greece useless as an ally anyway , and it will only be useful for the ships and jets of other countries passing through it . 
  so tsipras steps back , ignores the ` no ' to austerity referendum win , proposes a supposedly ` new ' austerity plan that is practically 90 % the same as what greeks voted ` no ' for , and shauble still not satisfied . 
  he is quite stubborn . 
  lesbos is the name of that island . 
  the international term ` lesbian ' came up because an ancient lesbian poetress wrote homosexual erotic poems . 
  actual modern day lesbians ( people of that island ) get offended by it . 
  who wrote the subtitles ? 
  they are rubbish .
