  they are not tossing any money to me . 
  i 'm not a bank . 
  they are giving money to a bunch of banks with the greek government acting as the middle man , putting the debt on the shoulders of citizens in the process . 
  i am asked to pay back money that i never got in my hands . 
  but you are sleeping . 
  i am not a migrant . 
  well yeap your right in that . 
  but other than that ... 
  the government agreed to follow eu 's newest measures plan , that treats farmers as corporate businesses . 
  that means that a farmer will have to have his ` business ' taxed with 30 % annual tax , and then the ` owner ' of that business will get his income taxed an additional 45 % , and also he will have to pay vat 23 % , plus 250 euro each 2 months for the pension system . 
  these are just not viable , the money that will remain after all these reduction will be too little to sustain the average farmer , so basically the new measures are expected to kill the farming industry and lead farmers to unemployment . 
  eu is doing nothing more than giving orders and blaming . 
  enough already . 
  i see not only the british but also other member countries wanting to leave soon . 
  too bossy for my taste . 
  offers like these are only made towards turkey , and perhaps other countries thinking of getting in . 
  but once they get in the eu , things change and the bigger countries shit on them . 
  cretans are like the texans / rednecks of greece . 
  they have farms , they have guns , and they are ` old school ' kind of guys . 
  the people of cyprus never had religious problems . 
  they were always like `` let us live in peace you stupid politicians '' . 
  no more sacrifices for citizens . 
  we all had enough . 
  its time for the banks to start sacrificying too . 
  you are stupid and talk out of your ass . 
  read some more history . 
  maybe ... 
  but greeks also took jews in their houses during wwii and hidden them from the nazis , risking their own lives to save them . 
  and its the only country were there has n't been a single attack to a jewish person in the streets ever . 
  and it was the safeheaven that would welcome expelled jews from western europe from the fall of the western roman empire onwards . 
  the popular opinion is that they should had found a solution to the problem themselves ages ago . 
  but often palestinians get more sympathy because they are the weakest and the fight between them seems like david vs goliath . 
  when you see tanks fighting against stone throwing children , you are going to feel sorry for the children , because they did n't stand a chance . 
  this ` anti-semetism ' is a balkan-wide thing , not only a greece thing . 
  from around romania and further to the south . 
  its because the ottomans allowed jewish merchants to buy and own christian slaves . 
  the turks enslaved all christian populations such as greeks , serbians , bulgarians , and albanians . 
  and these people wrote down this as history , and thus some people of these nations see jews with the prejudice `` these were our slavers '' . 
  even if that 's the case , still . 
  it 's weird to not be feeling proud for who you are , ( whoever you are ) and trying to usurpate another one 's identity . 
  as for the name of that country , they could name it ` vardarska bonovina ' as it was the original name during the soviet union . 
  or if they wanted an ancient name , they could name it paeonia . 
  because after all their country is like 95 % or of what used to be a kingdom known with that name , and its less than 10 % of their country the amount of land that was part of macedonia . 
  i understand that in that country there are many slavs and albanians living , and that these two hate each other . 
  and i 'm sorry for that . 
  but brainwashing its citizens so as to make them think that they are ` descendants of alexander ' to make them forget about that and avoid tensions between them seems the wrong decision . 
  yeah , whats wrong with these slavs not wanting to be called slavs ? 
  hahahah yeah thats a thing i often hear from nationalists . 
  :p thing is we are not today wear we were back then . 
  nowdays we are in a way worse position . 
  so he means ... shotguns ? 
  and because of that europe as a whole must turn against russia ? 
  you know what ? 
  i could take this argument seriously if the world responded to other similar events that happened with a similar way . 
  but instead it 's a matter of double standards . 
  a thing is only bad when some particulars do it , and its ok when others do it , according to what i read here . 
  but this is not just . 
  and i 'm not trying to support / defend russia here , but rules should be set in stone and be clear , and to not be biased . 
  and what i see is a lot of anti-russian bias . 
  so its good when anybody else does it , but its only bad when russia does it , eh ? 
  come on . 
  you know that your government has been systematically igniting rebelions / wars on countries allied with russia to leave it without allies . 
  it was the us that sponsored al qaeda in afghanistan , the ` freedom rebels ' isis at syria because assad is an ally of russia , the new government of ukraine because the old one wanted to be friends with russia ... an analogy would be if russia started overthrowing governments to nato countries . 
  you would n't like it then , would you ? 
  well , try to see the situation through the other 's eyes , in particular russia . 
  and watch your compatriot alex jones speaking about this stuff without the prejudice that he is a nutjob . 
  turkey is occupying cyprus but i did n't saw the pentagon or anybody here calling turkey a threat to the mediterrenean . 
  usa was occupying iraq , but i did n't saw anybody calling the usa the threat to asia . 
  the hypocrisy of double standards is ridiculous . 
  the russian threat ? 
  when did russia threatened europe ? 
  unfortunately i notice a new wave of bigotry and scapegoating across europe lately . 
  anti-immigration , anti-semitism , and the new flavor of anti-hellenism . 
  i 've been watching for a while how some media cover news stories , and how for example redditors here comment on them , and i feel surprized and apalled . 
  take for example the immigrant / refugee issue . 
  as long as new democracy was ruling , that had a closed border policy , medias were saying greece is racist . 
  now that we have a government that allows them to come in , they say we do n't protect eu 's borders , and now this ` threat ' . 
  so no matter what greece does , some media and foreign politicians will see it as a chance to blame greece for something . 
  so obviously it 's not a right or wrong situation , but whatever the case , it will be called wrong by some . 
  and that feels unfair . 
  they should give us a break and cut some slack . 
  thing is its not just one matter but a lot of matters were it seems that no matter what greece does , it will get blamed . 
  like if there are 2-3 options , no matter what greece chooses to do , some media or politician will see it as a chance to blame greece for it . 
  greece does n't let immigrants in ? 
  it 's racist . 
  greece allows immigrants in ? 
  it does n't defend eu borders . 
  greece offers transportation to the immigrants ? 
  its wasting bailout money . 
  greece does n't offer transportation to immigrants ? 
  its apathetic and racist . 
  you could convey the exact same message without cursing at every sentence . 
  hahaha . 
  some humor is nice in that situation . 
  because turkey 's officials are like spoiled teenagers , feeling an urge to prove themselves that they have balls and they are the tough kid of the block . 
  no , not - phobic . 
  because phobos means fear , and they do n't fear us . 
  they actually like our culture which is why they draw and adopt so many things from it , but they like it so much that they are jealous and butthurt about it . 
  i almost sank the euro ? 
  my mother did ?
