  first he was . 
  but then after being a prime minister for 8 years he could n't be any more because constitution . 
  so he changed the constitution in such a way that gives more power to the president in comparison to the prime minister , and he became the president . 
  but then the time he is allowed to stay as president was coming to an end too , so he changed the constitution again with the recent referendum , so he can become the prime minister yet again , for infinity . 
  he 's been the leader of turkey for 15 years already , and if things keep going that way , he will remain for perhaps another 15 years , or even more . 
  he just makes up laws and changes the constitution any time he wants , so he can forever stay in power without practically becoming a `` dictator '' . 
  basically , he does what putin has been also doing all that long . 
  the government signed yet another series of even more austere austerity measures , yay !, 
  because they 're everywhere . 
  be thankful that these people just went outside the turkish embassy to protest , so they only got some kicks and punches . 
  back in 1996 people from around europe went to turkey 's borders to protest against the occupation of cyprus . 
  it did n't end well . 
  turkish soldiers started firing at unarmed protesters , shooting some un peacekeepers too . 
  you mean ` fists ' not feasts !, 
  :p a feast is where people come together to eat . 
  just tell him to not start imperial wars again . 
  perhaps koine greek then ? 
  that actually was a lingua franca at some point , and the new testament was written at it ? 
  there is such a thing as a european anthem ? 
  the bad thing is that a piece of this `` greekape '' was found on greece . 
  and i am from greece . 
  and do you know what will happen if i share this news story on my fb ? 
  the `` leftistantifascistliberal '' crowd is going to call me a racist and bully me probably . 
  because speaking about anything that could make you feel positive about your ancestry , country or nation is racist and fascist these days . 
  for both the africa and the europe story , i wonder ... why do people say that humans descend from that place , and then they go on to talk about x or y species that is not homo sapiens ( or even homo ) , considering that the human species is homo sapiens ? 
  it makes no sense and it 's confusing . 
  it depends on the part of athens . 
  the old city which includes districts like anafiotika , plaka , thesion , are awesome . 
  the rest is an ordinary city with gray apartment buildings and some ancient ruins here and there . 
  not constantinople . 
  by the way , is saint constantine and constantine the great the same person ? 
  i do n't remember . 
  here in athens we mostly drink wine and beer . 
  a very few people drink tsipuro . 
  still have n't met someone who likes ouzo o raki much . 
  this i do n't know then , and i ca n't have opinion about things i do n't know . 
  so now posting a thread from one subreddit to another is pkk terrorism too ? 
  please tell me you are joking . 
  there is also chicken gyro . 
  most probably you will meet the same kind of xenophobia all foreigners are experiencing . 
  the reason turkey has n't joined yet is because it does n't meet the standards . 
  and the reason it does n't meet the standards , is because its government has n't made changes that are required . 
  greece on the other hand met the standards to join the eu , and it became part of it . 
  but it did n't met the standards to join the euro and joined the euro by cheating a paper . 
  greece is punished for that cheat , with austerity . 
  he blames the result of his doings to others . 
  because the armenian genocide had the most victims . 
  i think ' it 's usual to happen . 
  nazis also did a holocaust against the jews , gypsies , homosexuals , and slavs , but often people only talk about the jews , because they had the most victims in the holocaust . 
  the ` persecution ' of turks was because turks were slavers , and the balkan peoples where rebel slaves wanting their freedom . 
  turks also enslaved african people . 
  the african people that were brought to europe as slaves of the turks , were not persecuted , even though they were muslim too . 
  up to this day there is a town in greece of black people that the greeks liberated from the turks . 
  http://www.enet.gr/?i=news.el.article&amp;id=415642 perhaps turks should n't see all people who were n't turks as inferior and enslave them . 
  but what did you expect ? 
  it 's reasonable when slaves rebel for their freedom to fight their masters . 
  anyone who has at least watched game of thrones knows that . 
  well you too invaded our homeland , burnt towns , and slaughtered people too . 
  the difference is that we were at at this place of the earth before you . 
  and that when we did it , at the places we did it , the majority in the local towns and cities had greek populations , so we did it to unite the local populations with the mother country , but when you did it , there were n't any turks living in the byzantium , and you did it just for the spoils . 
  it 's not accurate . 
  the mediterranean did n't existed , as the straight of gibraltar had n't opened for water of the atlantic ocean to pour into it . 
  one could walk from libya to italy back then . 
  reminded myself a political graffiti message i saw that was written during the 2nd bail out to ` save ' greece . 
  the graffiti read `` no more saving '' . 
  what massacre ? 
  give us your sources . 
  are there any photos ? 
  show some proof . 
  to satisfy erdogan 's ego , as also the inflated ego of the nationalists who follow him . 
  truth is , even if turkey somehow acquired 2-3 greek islands , turks would still get paid the same salaries , kurds would still fight in the east , and there would be nothing positive out of this for the ordinary turk . 
  but nationalism ... 
  it makes you want things that are absolutely useless , just for the shake of not letting the other one have them . 
  that would be if we were the same as them . 
  apparently for eu warning turkey , the eu claims the same thing too . 
  you are welcome . 
  it is true that some businesses dont give receipts . 
  that 's a real problem . 
  but it is n't the reason for a recession . 
  because that problem always existed , even at times greece had considerable growth and surpluses . 
  so the factor that is causing such big changes is something else . 
  ok then , let me tell you what the situation was . 
  first of all let me tell you that there was n't a single problem . 
  there were a number of problems . 
  you are correct that proportionally at least , greece 's public sector was larger than a number of other countries . 
  but this was n't really the main problem . 
  even before the austerity , there was another more important problem to the local greek market , and that was caused due to the combination of three factors . 
  one factor was that most greek businesses were ( and many still are ) introvert . 
  that they focused on the local market without caring / knowing , what happens to other eu countries . 
  a second factor is globalization , and a third factor is the spread of fast internet . 
  when the euro became a thing , along with it came legislation in our countries that would make trade between eu countries much easier . 
  so easy , that with the use of internet , someone could just order stuff from foreign shops quite easily , and take advantage of the reduced prices . 
  practically that increased competition very high , for all businesses in the eu , as each business since then did n't only had to compete with other local businesses , but also with businesses from the whole eu . 
  the result was that i could order for example the same exact thing from a foreign store through the internet at prices even as low as 1/3 of what local stores priced it . 
  that led local businesses to start suffering reduced profits quite much , and thus a market recession could already be seen at the horizon . 
  because of the reduced consumption that was a result of continent-wide competition , the money the greek government would collect from taxes started to drop , and that lead to a deficit . 
  to cover the deficit , the government wanted to take a loan . 
  but because its debt-to-gdp ratio had gone too high ( due to huge earlier loans it took for the recapitalization of private local banks ) , global banks would only provide a loan to greece with a very high interest . 
  at that point the then prime minister of greece , mr papandreou , went to the imf and asked it to help greece , so greece can take a loan with smaller interest rate . 
  eventually what they decided was that greece would instead take a loan directly from the imf , and greece had to apply some measures in return to that .
