  not because of ` laziness ' of workers , but because of stinginess of bosses , at least in most cases . 
  because it is a popular belief among bosses that the absolute best thing they can do is hire as few workers as possible , without taking into account other factors . 
  because of that , workers end up having to wear a lot of different hats ... having to do the work of different roles , all together . 
  and of course if you have one person trying to do the work of 2 or more different roles / specializations , this person wo n't be as productive or efficient as it would be to have a specialized , dedicated person for each role . 
  if you list a job for a programmer , and you expect him to also do the graphics , the marketing of your business , and take your dog for a walk , well he is not going to be as productive in programming as a dedicated programmer , neither he will be as productive as a marketing guy as a dedicated person specialized in marketing ... 
  yet that person might work 8,10,12 , or even more hours per day ... 
  yeah they have unemployment because they are lazy !, 
  come on . 
  the ` lazy southerners ' thing is a thing strauss khan made up , ( and others just adopted it after he said it ) that guy that is now in jail because he raped a waitress . 
  and it was an excuse for the increase in unemployment rates , which was really caused because businesses started moving their installations to other countries , because austerity increased tax rates , and well , many businesses moved to countries with lower tax rates . 
  do n't reproduce a fake excuse of a criminal . 
  we used to retire earlier , we do n't retire earlier any more . 
  at least i think so . 
  the age has become 67 now for retirement , what 's the retirement age in germany ? 
  the pension , at least for most pensioners were never high . 
  of course some people ( eg politicians ) would get high pensions , like 7000 euros per month , but for most private sector pensioners it would be something between 500 and 800 euros . 
  still greece 's pension funds were doing ok , until a certain prime minister of the country decided to secretly invest the money of the funds in a financial market bubble by buying rotten shares that lost their value , causing the pension funds to go bankrupt . 
  remember that , it was n't a problem of the pensions being too high , but a problem of an asshole wasting the funds . 
  not the ancient text though . 
  in the ancient text plato insists its true , and goes to lengths to describe the place its situated and its size and charachteristics . 
  where is that place you are from that has no plumbers , doctors , and taxis ? 
  yes , and plato describes that beyond the atlantic ocean , there is a huge continent , in 400 bc . 
  this man is shaping up to become the new kim jong un . 
  soon he will be seen by the rest of the world as a second kim . 
  as for kemal . . 
  although he did the ethnic cleansing everyone here knows about , and i 'm biased against him , i must admit that beside the genocides which were bad , he also done good things when it comes to turkey . 
  he brought the people of his country to the 21st century . 
  erdogan seems to want to revert and bring his country 200 years back . 
  you mean new democracy ? 
  the same party than in the years from 2008 to 2009 raised greece 's debt by 40 % , leading the debt to gdp ratio go beyond the limit eu placed on its countries ? 
  which is what made private banks stop giving the government new loans and as a result we had to go to the imf ? 
  and that at another case it took the savings of the healthy pension funds and secretly invested them on shares in the market bubble , which made the pension funds go bankrupt ? 
  ( which in part is what caused the huge debt spike , as the government took huge loans to re-fund the funds ? ), 
  if you look at a graph of greece 's debt ratio , you will spot 2 individual huge hikes . 
  one caused by andreas papandreou in the 80s , and one by constantinos karamanlis in the late 2000s . 
  these 2 men are the most responsible for what we 're going through now . 
  germany wo n't allow this . 
  it thinks that the solution to everything is tax hikes . 
  if greece does n't follow german rules , germany closes greece 's banks and greeks ca n't withdraw their money from them , and chaos comes up . 
  that 's just the individual income tax . 
  forced public social insurance and healthcare are added separately . 
  plus add the property tax , vat , and the rest ... 
  it 's a joke . 
  many start businesses in fellow eu countries like bulgaria or malta , even though they work in greece , because the taxes in greece are ridiculous . 
  and well taxes of a number of greek citizens who live and work in greece go to bulgaria and malta , and then the greek government says there 's tax evasion . 
  perhaps if the tax rates in greece were n't so damn high , these people would n't get in to the trouble of off-shoring their businesses . 
  and probably its not enough for troika , they are going to be asking further austerity , because that 's the only thing they know and do . 
  according to the latest news on the story , which was published after i made this post here that got downvoted , the terrorist was a child of libyan parents . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/salman-abedi-lpolice-probe-ibya-links-isis-manchester-bombing-ariana-grande-concert-a7752361.html which supports and kind of proves my point . 
  probably the 23 year old dude felt bad about what happened to his country of origin and did this in retaliation . 
  let me remind you my point dear people . 
  my point is that if you poke the hive , its bees will come out and sting you . 
  similarly if you start a war against a country , it is expected to have some casualties too . 
  because that 's how war is . 
  and war is bad . 
  perhaps you might think that because you have the power to deploy your military far away from your country 's borders , that you wo n't suffer casualties , but reality shows that this is wrong . 
  and lets be honest , for whatever muamar gadaffi used to be , he was libya 's most popular leader , and libyans wo n't get someone as good as him for at least the next 100 years . 
  some countries like britain and france unfortunately jumped in the bandwagon and turned against him , and sent their jets to throw some bombs to beat gadaffi . 
  the result is the same old one that has been happening in other muslim countries too , an extremist intolerant group is taking over libya . 
  if you are a european , during the gadaffi era you could visit libya for vacations . 
  now you ca n't go to libya because you will risk your life . 
  perhaps european countries should stop bombing the tolerant leaders who keep peace and balance in the muslim countries to replace them with intolerant extremist groups . 
  in both iraq and libya life has only become worse since saddam and gadaffi were removed . 
  yet here i am , defending the ideal of the sovereignty of nations and condemning bold interventions of some countries to the local domestic issues of foreign countries , and i get downvoted for doing so . 
  and you know what 's the irony ? 
  that i admire the british quite much , and how for their own sovereignty they took the decision for brexit , but my dear brits let 's be honest : the way you value your sovereignty and independence , all people in the world value it too . 
  and recently , perhaps against your will , or without knowing , your governments have violated the sovereignty of other nations by sending your military there and forcefully removing leaders they do n't like . 
  if an attack like that happened to my country , of course i would be furious . 
  of course i 'd look to people that look like they come from a place like the one the attacker originates from , suspiciously . 
  but i 'd also be furious against my government , against the politicians that sent our soldiers to some remote place , to bomb people to death , - creating new enemies in the process - without these people doing anything against us prior . 
  so what i would suggest to theresa may is to do two things : a. 
  publicly apologize for the war david cameron did against libya , and condemn the intervention , promising that from now and on britain wo n't be forcefully removing political leaders from other countries . 
  not repeat the same thing all over again . 
  i write this because i want your safety . 
  and it 's easier to just publicly apologize than let 's say deport all muslims , or install draconian surveillance . 
  it only takes some reduced ego to admit a mistake of a past government and apologize for it . 
  but look at the latest news : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/salman-abedi-lpolice-probe-ibya-links-isis-manchester-bombing-ariana-grande-concert-a7752361.html british police discovered that the terrorist had libyan ancestry . 
  which supports my point . 
  well i was talking about the period from arab spring and forward . 
  really ? 
  then he must have been ... crazy . 
  like really . 
  i could understand deciding to blow up yourself if a foreign country had bombed your house and killed half of your family , but blowing up because you did n't get a permit to stay at some country ? 
  that 's totally nuts !, 
  interesting . 
  that makes things more complicated . 
  because there is a coincidence , that countries intervening to the domestic affairs / civil wars of muslim countries are that have been attacked . 
  perhaps then , the state in these countries were people get radicalized like that , should pay much attention to the factors that lead people in these countries to be radicalized like that , and why other countries like for example italy , greece , bulgaria , spain , etc do n't have similar phenomena . 
  but 1 + 1 = 2 , no matter if far-righters want us to believe that 1 + 1 = 5 . 
  if you go next to a bee hive and start throwing rocks at it , you will expect the bees to come out and sting you . 
  because that 's what they do . 
  if wikipedia is to be believed , sweden got involved in libya . 
  according to wikipedia , germany too is involved in the syrian conflict . 
  is n't russia fighting in syria ? 
  this is ( one of the reasons ) why it is a bad idea to start wars against other countries . 
  remember , only countries that have bombed , or supported factions in the civil wars of libya and syria have had terrorist attacks recently . 
  you know what makes me wonder ? 
  schliemann discovered this city following descriptions from homer 's iliad , so it sits at the right place . 
  later archeologists measured the city to have been as old as homer notes in his book , and it was destroyed probably in a war also as homer wrote in his book , and everyone in the world calls it troy , yet you see some recent documentaries or articles on the internet saying that troy never existed and was a ` myth ' . 
  btw a strange coincidence : yesterday for some reason it came to me to watch the movie troy after 12 or 14 years or so for some reason .
