  if they do n't however and she is just bad-mouthing them , perhaps the law system has a point . 
  and i also wonder one more thing . 
  does sweden 's police / prosecutor goes on spying ordinary people 's facebook profiles in hope to discover criminals ? 
  actually i always thought of greece like king 's landing , and most specifically kl reminded me of constantinupolis , byzantine greece . 
  why ? 
  a ) it is on the south of westeros , as greece / byzantium is / was on the south of europe . 
  b ) in byzantium , there were as much plots for the throne and mad kings ruling it , as in king 's landing . 
  c ) the point were people throw shit at joffrey and he yells `` kills them '' really reminded me of justinian 's hippodrome massacre . 
  d ) it is heavily indebted to a foreign bank , the one of braavos , as greece is also indebted to imf and ecb . 
  :p e ) they have many gods and goddesses , as ancient greeks used to have . 
  f ) the sexuality of lannisters ( incest ) reminds me of the sexuality of some ancient greek gods / goddesses . 
  as for braavos ? 
  well except from the fact that this huge statue at the port reminds the colossus of rhodes at its placement and size , and the fact that it wears a suit of armor highly resembling ancient hoplites , there are n't really that many similarities i find with braavos . 
  there is n't one coming to my mind about accurate portrayal , but i can tell you that ` my big fat greek wedding ' certainly is inaccurate and not how we greeks are living . 
  at least not greece 's greeks , i do n't know what our diaspora in the us are doing . 
  actually i think this year 's eurovision was one of the most boring ever . 
  most songs were all of the same genre and so generic and samey , i 'd hardly recognize one from another , or remember it . 
  croatian , ajerbaijan and the cypriot one were a bit different , and i expected them to be among the top songs , if only because they were n't so samey with the rest of them . 
  my main complaint about this year 's eurovision was that there was n't enough musical diversity . 
  most songs sounded the same , and were ballads . 
  and ballads are too slow for my tastes . 
  i 'd really like to listen something more aggressive like lordi for example , or something more groovy and dance-able like verska serduchka 's songs . 
  this and verka serduchka were the best songs i 've ever heard from eurovision . 
  do n't remember verka ? 
  watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone, 
  yeah its kind of convoluted . 
  what he means is that the number of offshores the german minister said are too big , so big that it would make all of the businesses registered in malta to be offshores . 
  remember , malta is a small island with less than half a million population . 
  yup . 
  and there is not ` hellenic race ' in apollonia and magna grecia . 
  even then i do n't think anything will happen . 
  for some reason turkey is always getting away with everything its doing . 
  * it counts 4 genocides ( greeks , armenians , kurds , assyrians ) and have n't recognized or apologized for any of them . 
  * it has an active casus beli ( threat of war ) against another nato ally member . 
  * it continuously has been violating the borders of its neighbors like greece , iraq , and syria . 
  * it disregards or questions and defies international treaties and national borders , preaches irredentism and promotes nationalistic loathing against other nations . 
  * it has been caught to economically support isis jihadists by buying the oil they 've been stealing from syria and iraq . 
  * when the isis people were besieging the kurdish town of kobani in the borders of syria with turkey , turkey helped isis by attacking the syrian kurds . 
  * it continuously violates basic rights of its own people imprisoning journalists who does n't speak in favor of the ruling party , and banning all foreign services that want to be neutral , like international web sites . 
  if these things were done by another country other than turkey , the west would either place sanctions on it or go to war with it . 
  yet somehow the eu gave turkey some billions recently and america does absolutely nothing ... 
  conspiracy theorists often say that israel is getting away with lots of bad stuff , but perhaps they should instead speak of turkey . 
  for some reason the world has extreme double standards . 
  on another news story , he launched a new long-range ballistic missile test . 
  erdogan is acting more and more like the north korean guy every day ... 
  kind of hard i think . 
  in some mountain villages if you want to talk with the locals it would be very hard . 
  but on places like hotels i 'd expect you will be ok . 
  brainwashed . 
  except the subject is about operating systems in public services . 
  not what people use in their houses . 
  the biggest problem is that they teach windows on schools . 
  so children 's first experience with computers is with this operating system , and going to linux or bsd from windows is a very confusing thing , as they work so differently . 
  if countries wanted to go away from microsoft 's products , then they should first change the operating system in the schools , so the newer generation can handle linux , bsd , or whatever easily . 
  do n't whine for these taxes . 
  if you do n't like this , what should greeks do with up to more than 50 % income tax starting from 7k , another 20 % for forced public health insurance , 23.5 % vat , 45 % to 52 % electricity taxes , and so on ? 
  but you are right . 
  companies does n't like high taxes . 
  which is why they started fleeing greece since austerity measures started being applied 7 years ago , and lead the unemployment rate from 9 % to 27 % , which in turned reduced the gdp by 1/3 . 
  and the irony is that the goal of austerity measures was to increase the gdp !, 
  :d thank god scheauble does n't run your country 's finances . 
  nah ... it has many nice places . 
  both of antiquity interest , and natural beauty interest . 
  for example meteora , its so unique , it appears on call of duty and game of thrones 's eyrie is based on it . 
  mount olympus , the mountain of the gods ? 
  olympia , and others . . well it depends each one 's tastes after all . 
  for a ancient history or mythology geek , mainland greece is like a huge theme park . 
  each mountain , river , and lake has its own legend . 
  a heatwave ? 
  so soon ? 
  if heatwaves start from may , something 's wrong . 
  usually it 's july that such high temps start showing up . 
  also agree, 
  athens , greece here . 
  the weather is neither too hot or too cold . 
  during the day i can already walk outside with flip-flops . 
  some people get outside with t-shirts only , but i still wear a jacket . 
  at night i close the windows though because it gets colder . 
  right now the temp is 21c . 
  it 's mostly sunny throughout the day these days , but clouds might appear for a few hours , and a quick shower might happen during that time . 
  hello , i 'm in greece , athens . 
  i 'd just like to share with you this experience of mine , i 'm 27 years old , and this year is the coldest i remember . 
  the temperature today here in athens have gone as low as 0 celsius . 
  that 's the point where water becomes ice . 
  it 's really not usual for this specific area i 'm living at . 
  the coldest temp i remember from past years was like 8 celsius , but it was n't something it would happen every year , usually for athens during winter the normal temps were between 10 and 15 celsius . 
  i bet you can understand how the weather found me unready for such temps , i do n't know what to wear , as i do n't have clothes warm enough for so low temps . 
  to protect myself from cold i wear so many layers of clothes i become double wide . 
  how is the weather in other places of europe ? 
  do you think that this particular year is colder , or hotter than usual ? 
  have you noticed any remarkable change ? 
  ( link leads to greek source ) http://www.zougla.gr/greece/article/sigini-zevgari-germanon-plirosan-to-meridio-tous-apo-to-katoxiko-danio two more german citizens , \u0399ll\u03bf mechlinski-gerrwin and gerhard gerwinn , decided to give money to the greek government , to pay the amount of war reperations that is attributable to them . 
  `` we read on spiegel that greece was forced during the german occupation to give a loan to germany , with the worth of 12 billion euros . 
  considering there are 82 millions of germans , then each one should pay 150 euros . 
  we want to show that even after 70 years , germany should not avoid to pay back the loan . 
  we 've been coming for more than 30 years in pitsidia ( greece ) and aside from the beautiful nature , we also enjoy the hospitality of the local people , no matter the unbelievable past of germany in greece . '', 
  this is the second german couple that recently decided to symbolically give money to the greek government , to compensate for things germany did to greece during wwii . 
  in this week we learnt huge news . 
  christine lagarde publicized the imf 's review that has been known to the eu for some time , but was kept secret from the public . 
  according to the review , greece 's debt is unsustainable , and the imf 's proposition is a 30 % haircut , and a 20 year delay on loan instalments .
