  wtf is wrong usa ? 
  in the 70 years since ww2 you have made more wars than we did since the beggining of the byzantine empire 1500 years ago . 
  we have to be clear on this though : this anti-americanism you talk about is not in any way towards the american people , but towards the usual way american foreign policies work . 
  ( making wars every now and then here and there for poorly justifiable reasons ), 
  can somebody tell me why iran should be sanctioned ? 
  what has it done to deserve the sanctions ? 
  i 'm not romanian . 
  but as someone that got his teeth to such a bad state as to needing some of them completely removed , and others being filled with metal before even riching adulthood , and also becoming obese to the point of 150kg at an age of 14 , i endorse this . 
  also make sure to ban ice creams , pastry sweets , cookies , cakes , and the rest related stuff . 
  the thing is that ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) they do n't use the best technique available , but older more ` conventional ' standards . 
  i 'd be surprized to find a building in the mediterrenean using that technique . 
  the technique i 'm talking about is using suspension springs to absorb shocks , the same way suspension springs are used in cars . 
  hmm ... 
  i was thinking of adopting the specific technique used in japan . 
  in japan , they build a platform upon which huge suspension springs hold the actual building . 
  the springs are used in the same principle they are used for cars in the car industry , to absorb shocks . 
  thus when an earthquake happens , the majority of the shock is absorbed by the springs , and it does n't pass to the building . 
  it 's very effective . 
  i did n't said that we should destroy all old buildings and rebuild them . 
  but we could start from now and on to build all of our new buildings with the specific technic , so eventually , at least apart from the historical buildings , our cities will become gradually safer . 
  i think italy , greece , and other mediterrenean countries should adopt the japanese standards when it comes to buildings . 
  it strikes me when i see japan being hit with 9m earthquakes without their buildings collapsing , while in our neighberhood we have buildings collapsing with 5m and 6m . 
  we mediterrenean people should really up our standards when it comes to building buildings . 
  its southern area sits right atop where the african and eurasian plates meet . 
  along the meditterenean runs the southern edge of the eurasian plate . 
  especially for italy , greece , and turkey , the frequency and magnitude of earthquakes can be very high . 
  may it have a long and peaceful life with its neighboors !, 
  yes , thanks for correcting me . 
  the empire neven officially used this name for it . 
  it 's a name modern scientists coined to call it . 
  what we call ` byzantine empire ' was first called ` easter roman empire ' , and after the fall of the western empire , just ` roman empire ' . 
  there is absolutely 0 evidence that ionia was inhabitted by other peoples before the greeks . 
  what i said is based on accounts of a number of ancient greek history writers , and the old testament , that jews , christians , and muslims base their religions on . 
  have you ever read the bible ? 
  for it says that this place was inhabited by the tribe of javan [ ionian ] ( = greek ) the son of japeth , son of noah . 
  yet this is a name after a roman-italian king . 
  the original greek name of the city is byzantium . 
  the south-western part of anatolia , known as ionia was always greek . 
  motherland of the ionian tribe . 
  greeks colonized later the north-eastern part known as pontos . 
  but the middle of it , the north-western , and the east of it were n't greek . 
  i think we should let history behind and be ok with the current status of borders . 
  the first to set foot on the greek islands were the greeks , attested not only by the greeks themselves , but also the jews in the old testament . 
  it 's such an easily refuted argument . 
  i as a greek could claim that since alexander went all the way to india , then egypt , israel , palestine , syria , turkey , armenia , georgia , azerbaijan , lebanon , iraq , iran , pakistan , and afghanistan used to be greek . 
  the man is stupid . 
  i 'm sorry for the turks who have him president . 
  since when is india in europe ? 
  of course i do . 
  both were authoriative monarchic empires , invaded foreign people , had an ideology that they were superior and others where inferior , and enslaved and did genocides to other peoples . 
  no , no , no . 
  the reason that there are attacks by muslim people in some european countries has nothing to do with the existence of not of an ottoman empire . 
  it has to do with european countries putting their noses where they does n't belong , try to control certain ` muslim ' countries , and bombing many of them . 
  of all the countries of europe , those that were hit were countries that in the recent past took part in bombing some muslim country , be it libya , syria , or iraq . 
  the european countries that did n't took part in such activities had no such attacks , and i guess they wo n't have in the future either . 
  as for the question if it was a good thing that the ottoman empire ended or not , ask the armenians , the greeks , the assyrians , slavs , bulgarians , albanians , and the rest minorities that lived in it . 
  each one will have holocaust-like gruesome stories to share . 
  northern europe is lucky enough to have had a nazi like empire ruling it for just 5 years . 
  others were n't so lucky , and had similar kind of occupation for much much more . 
  so this article is rubbish to me . 
  its like saying `` oh there are neonazis causing trouble here and there , perhaps if we had accepted nazi germany to rule us it would be better because there would n't be neonazis now '' . 
  if germans accuse america of ` economic war ' because america asks back the money it loaned , then what should others accuse germany for , which has been forcing greece to take new loans although greece ca n't pay them back , to virtually raise the demand for new loans , to make german bank shares go up ? 
  after all the money germany loans to greece , goes to greek banks , and from there back to german banks , meaning the money is recycled in a loophole . 
  so german banks gets back the money germany gives to greece , with the extra of share rises , and greece stays with a never dropping debt . 
  oh come on . 
  turkey is like having an infinite number of `` get out of jail for free '' monopoly cards up its sleeve , always breaking international laws and agreements and stuff and getting away with it because the west acts blind . 
  for syrians it could have been turkey or cyprus . 
  for afghanis many more , asian countries . 
  syria might not stabilize for the next 10 or 20 years ... 
  depends . 
  how this total of money would be spent . 
  if it was spent the same way all these billions greece took as loans the last 6-7 years , then nothing would change , it would have no effect . 
  but if they were given to jobless people to start small businesses or enterpreneurship , then that would change a lot . 
  because unemployment is very bad . 
  not only the unemployed person misses things , but also that hurts the other businesses too because they do n't have it as a costumer , and it hurts the government too because it collects less taxes . 
  with unemployment at about 28 % , if it was going back down to 8 % , then the greek government would have more tax revenue and it would n't need bail outs . 
  that would be a change . 
  to the positive . 
  what 's weird ? 
  turkey won . 
  this is n't ` weird ' . 
  but you can not hide them in the aegean sea . 
  the aegean is a small see with 1000 islands . 
  wherever you are , there is always at least 1 other island on the horizon . 
  people live on islands , and use boats to fish . 
  they would see any turkish ship . 
  no its the leader of the kurdish party pkk that turkey declared a terrorist organization back in the 90s , he was caught by turkey and now he is at some cell for the rest of his life . 
  your generals should take notes from ours when it comes to coups . 
  why ? 
  i did n't want my country to get involved in this . 
  why do they involve us in this ? 
  or any third party . 
  because the heads at brussels have no empathy, 
  a small part of it like 5 % of its land is in europe . 
  i am stavros and you are wrong . 
  actually not . 
  after austerity measures , its very popular in greece for example for someone to be paid 2 euros per hour . 
  the vast majority gets paid anywhere between 2 and 3.5 euros per hour . 
  in germany , from people i know personally , the least one can expect is 7 euros per hour . 
  yet at this chart germany and greece are at the same level concerning food prices .
