  alex skipped laconia ( the general area where the city of sparta was located ) and the island of crete completely . 
  it was a region that was spread around these modern countries , but the percentage of that region that greece has is the highest . 
  the highest percentage of land that the country commonly known as ` macedonia ' occupies , belonged to the region called ` paeonia ' , and the highest part albania occupies was ` illyria ' , and the highest percentage bulgaria has was of a region called ` thrace ' . 
  macedonia is a region indeed , but that region is located in greece . 
  the region that the country macedonia is located at , was originally called paeonia , and after that vardarija after the vardar river that dominates its landscape . 
  another thing is ` macedonia ' is a greek name that came after the name ` macedonian ' that means ` slim slender ' , and the classic macedonians spoke greek , and the most famous macedonian and king of macedonia alexander iii considered himself to be a greek , and had the idea that he materialized of uniting all greeks to a single nation . 
  lol . 
  alexander the macedonian was the man who united the greek tribes to a singe greek nation , and thus the father of the greek nation . 
  he is to greeks what castrioti is to albanians , and george washington to americans . 
  greece needs a government that will be doing what it promised in the pre-elections period . 
  whatever that might be . 
  be it pro-bailout or anti-bailout . 
  if every party that is voted is doing 180 degree turns after it becomes government , there will be no stability . 
  because lies and fake promises anger people , who are then consider that the elected government is illegal since in `` representative democracy '' you are supposed to vote people who represent you , and when they lie to you to think that they do but they do n't , well you become the sucker . 
  left platform is just more syriza members , and syriza has lost its hype . 
  the fear is that now that one of the two anti-austerity parties ( syriza ) decided to make a 180 degree turn and sign a new austerity deal , an amount of its ` no to austerity ' crowd will move into supporting the other anti-austerity party . 
  ( golden dawn ) but for some reason i believe they do believe in what they say , and they will try to do everything they 've been talking about the past decades . 
  and that 's kind of alarming , is n't it ? 
  n.d. is over . 
  it will never become government again . 
  who will vote them after the karamanlis and samaras governments ? 
  only faboys and people who have immediate interests . 
  i really hope the centrist union gathers many votes . 
  i do n't agree to half of what he says , but at least he speaks honestly and does n't promise miracles . 
  ok that is too soon for elections , even for greece . 
  2 times national elections in a year ? 
  omg . 
  the first officially documented laws were actually written in 2000 b.c. 
  in babylon , and the first ` constitution ' with the modern meaning was made by a greek lawmaker called dracon ( draco in english , for some reason they remove the last letters of foreign names ) , and its laws were so harsh that the name of that person passed to legend and eventually became synonymous worldwide with a certain kind of folklore monsters ... http://www.mrwallpaper.com/wallpapers/dragon-art-1920x1200.jpg, 
  i googled it , and the architecture indeed looks very similar . 
  if you showed me a picture of its streets without telling me , i would have thought its from santorini . 
  strange ha ? 
  well , at least santorini still is special for sitting atop the edge of a volcano 's top . 
  i guess then that the erruption of santorini was the strongest one that happened at a time humans could document and record its effects and writing stories about it ? 
  i remember watching a documentary in parts on youtube , it should have been either history channel or discovery , or bbc , one of the big ones . 
  and it said that the explosion was huge and mass of its ejecta was even found in a layer of ice in the north pole or something like that . 
  while the name ` lesbian ' is used worldwide to mean ` homosexual woman ' , because the first literature piece of homosexual erotica was written by a lesbian woman at the 6th century b.c. , the modern inhabitants of this island do n't really feel comfortable with the idea of getting associated . 
  they are living more ` traditional ' lives , and with traditional , i mean christian , puritan lives . 
  mykonos just started being popular for having a nudist beach , but then a gay bar oppenned there , and slowly the island built a reputation among gays . 
  i just googled ` sheep sephered ' and chose this pic randomly . 
  but hey , there are lots of sepherds just like him in greece too . 
  and i could n't tell if he is greek or not . 
  greece 1 . 
  hundreds of immigrants from asia arriving at tiny islands , overcrowding them , leading to bad conditions that they have to endure until they get their papers done , which makes them angry . 
  the day of holy mary , a nation wide holiday , and conisdered by the local orthodox church one of the three most imporant holidays , along with christmas and easter . 
  a failed attempt of prison break in the jails of corfu island . 
  the jailed ones were digging a tunnel , but their plan was discovered as a passerby was hearing noises coming under the tarmac of the street , and called the police , and it turned out it was the prisoners who were digging the tunnel making the noises . 
  i think both planes and boats go there . 
  hehe . 
  from what i heard initially the idea was to paint both walls and roofs white , because white is the color that reflects the highest amount of sun light , and they came up with this as a solution to provide passive cooling , because at summer temperature rises quite high . 
  i do n't know how they decided to add blue though . 
  have n't heard anything about dirtiness in the airports . 
  but i have heard about delays of flights !, 
  the subway train though is kinda dirty . 
  here are some popular conspiracy theories in greece : 1 . 
  the chemtrails . 
  that 's globally spread actually , but in greece it became rather popular when a parliamentarian asked a member of the government in the parliament , if the government is spraying people with chemicals . 
  since then everyone knows about chemtrails here . 
  that the ` gods ' of the ancients were aliens , who have left earth and will come back at some day . 
  that the ` gods ' of the ancients were demons . 
  that earth is hollow , and in it live malicious beings called nephilim . 
  that under athens , there is a complex of subterranean tunnels leading to various places . 
  that all politicians since the form of the new state in 1800s , have been puppers serving foreign interests . 
  that under the surface the country is full of precious stuff like gold , oil , natural gas , etc , and the ` dark powers ' does n't allow us to make use of them , so we stay forever poor and indebted . 
  that the atlantis story is based on a real historic event , and more in particular that ` atlantis ' was ( is ) the island that became santorini . 
  that there have been many great inventions ( particulary in the defense section ) by greeks who showed their invetions to government officials for the shake of empowring the fatherland , but the ` sellout , corrupted , puppet politicians ' never made use of any of them , and did n't allowed the inventors to use their inventions otherwise either . 
  that they ` dark powers ' are leading the world to a global dictatorship that will rule the whole world . 
  that ` dark powers ' are manipulating foreigners to make them come as immigrants to greece , for the shake of generating unrest . 
  ( since greece has no jobs and the buying power of the average citizen is considerably lower than that of other countries , it would be a stupid decision for someone to come as an immigrant to greece ), 
  maybe . 
  but we greeks had another phrase with a similar meaning from even before ...  `` with it , or on it '' . 
  our first-first flag ( more like a banner of war ) that was created when the rebellion against the ottoman empire started , had a cyan cross on a white background , symbolizing christianity . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/greek_independence_1821.svg but then for some reason we decided to revert the colors , and we made a flag with a white cross on a blue background : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/flag_of_greece_%281822-1978%29.svg but at the same time that flag started being used , it was used only on land , and our ships used a different flag : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/flag_of_greece.svg in the end , the land for the sea , became our one and only flag . 
  supposedly , the 9 stripes represent the 9 syllables ( e - le - fthe - ri - a - e - tha - na - tos ) , the syllables of the words stranslated to `` freedom or death '' . 
  i am assuming that the blue and white colors where chosen because of the dominant natural features of greece , the sea , and the sunlight . 
  the cross of course represents christianity . 
  ( which is also why it is considered too insulting to have the flag upside down . ), 
  another interesting piece of info to know , is what the word greeks use for greece means . 
  `` hellas '' is a composite word from helios and las , ( sun + stone ) translating as `` sunland '' . 
  imagine if the maps named greece `` sunland '' ... 
  it would make more sense i think . 
  the word ` greece ' does n't really ring any bells . 
  supposedly it comes out from grecos , who was an ancient mythological figure of hellenes ... 
  so calling greeks greeks is like calling them `` minotaurs '' and their country `` minotauria '' or something . 
  lol, 
  if i am an immigrant , it does n't give me the right to throw stones at police officers who are doing the paperwork for my own good . 
  then let him go back . 
  europe is n't a magical place where everyone is given by law food for free . 
  in fact there are n't such utopias anywhere in the world . 
  why does al jazeera twist and distort reality ? 
  the immigrants have been waiting outside the police department to have papers checked and made . 
  there are only like 3-4 police officers on the whole island , and there are like 700-800 immigrants arriving on that island alone every single day . 
  they have to wait for days to get the paperwork done . 
  what the immigrants did was to occupy the streets around the p.d. , blocking traffic . 
  and when the police asked them to move to a basketball stadium nearby for the purpose of clearing the streets and protecting them from sunlight , they started rioting , attacking police officers with stones , and breaking cars . 
  the policemen did well to defend themselves with the batons , ( fire extinguishers , anything they could find ) as they were attacked by a mob of hundreds to be linched , for taking too late to provide the immigrants papers , because the immigrants arriving at the island every day are more than the immigrants being processed each day . 
  if the immigrants acted like that in the usa , the americans would have shot them all down dead . 
  the locals are in panic fearing for their lives . 
  10.000 euros ? 
  that 's even less than what the actual real estate costs , without counting the infrastructure build on it .
