  but it was too little . 
  there should have been more parliamentarians there . 
  there is a pre-french revolution vibe in greece these days . 
  the local politicians seem distant and oblivious to what the average people face , like they live in a walled fake reality , away from the people , like true bourgeoisie . 
  a parliamentarian was saved from lynching 2 days ago and only got away with a few scars and ripped out clothes , but had there no been riot policemen near , it would probably end much worse . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq9jvwawa1o everyone here feels being wronged and that there is injustice . 
  i do n't know when the next elections will be , but i bet that it wo n't be syriza the first party again , if something else does n't happen and the political status quo is n't changed by another way . 
  here 's what : when people start wishing for a junta to happen and slander the military 's generals for not having the balls to make a coup , and say they want to see parliamentarians hanged in the main square , and chant ` thugs - traitors - politicians ' , it means that something is really wrong . 
  there 's no free power , at least officially , even at greece . 
  if you do n't pay the bill on the short time they give , that is printed on the bill itself , you get a fine . 
  if you do n't pay it in a short time , a person from the company visits your house / apartment , and locks down the organ that lets electricity pass to your home and measures your energy consumption , and you are out of power . 
  the only way to have power again without paying what you owe , is by violating the machine / organ . 
  and that is a crime and has legal consequences . 
  my guess is that most of them who owe money are unemployed people . 
  given that greece is about 11 million people , and 28 % of its population has no job , that means there are about 2.91 million unemployed people in greece . 
  a bit more than those who will lose electricity . 
  the sad thing is that in the 21st century some people in europe will start living again with candles and wood ovens , like it 's the middle ages all over again !, 
  nah , we didnt forced them . 
  we just talked to other eu people in accepting them . 
  as we also did that for you too guys , but sarkozy did a veto . 
  then there would be men stealing kids from families and claiming their own , only to pass the border and then abandon the kids in the streets . 
  and why at greece in particular ? 
  why not in your country ? 
  i as a greek feel embarashed by tsipras . 
  i speak english better than he does . 
  and also , he could n't answer some questions . 
  he had a chance to appeal to investors and attract them , and he blew it off . 
  he is so incompetent . 
  i think it 's kind of funny . 
  when greece elected tsipras to be prime minister , the western medias in mass started making stories full of lies about who he is and what he wants , and they also demonized varoufakis with fake stories , and prior to last year 's referendum they were openly and boldly intruding politics of greece with demonizing the government , terrorozing greek people with threats if they would vote ` yes ' , and there were n't anybody calling them out . 
  now one russian news outlet does the same , but in a way more moderate way , and it 's a news story . 
  it 's obviously bad when russia is doing it , and when all the others do , it 's ok . 
  where do they come from then ? 
  please tell me . 
  i know that in an ancient greek book , a tribe of people called ` kardush ' are referred living in the mountain region of where today is eastern turkey . 
  and they say that these were kurds . 
  could they have been some other people ? 
  or were they living elsewhere at even older times ? 
  i had forgotten we are supposed to be that close to the winter calendar-wise . 
  here in greece for some reason we have abnormaly hot weather for the calendar season . 
  temps like 20c and 23c at midday , when it should be around 12c to 15c . 
  the problem with far right groups is that they get people 's support for one thing , but the people do n't support the rest of the things that come with the package . 
  in america , they voted trump , mostly because trump said he would create more jobs for americans . 
  in france they might make lepen president because she supports the national sovereignty of the country against an eu that seems kind of authoriative in recent times . 
  but i do n't believe that the majority of these people voting for such party agree with everything these parties say . 
  judging from local golden dawn party , that is also promoting social darwinism ( the idea that disabled people does n't worth to have political rights and should be forcefully barrened ) , most people vote it because they believe it will undo the austerity measures and send the illegals back to their countries . 
  some of their voters do n't even know what the party believes for disabled people , or others . 
  we have the knock on wood here too !, 
  1 ) and we are mostly exposed at immigrants from asia . 
  feel you on that one . 
  2 ) the same here . 
  when the euro came , the prices of stuff were rounded all upwards . 
  promoting : 1 ) the easiness in importing stuff from other eu countries at half the price they cost at local shops . 
  2 ) the easiness to visit another eu country easily . 
  demonizing : 1 ) largely demonized for waging economic warfare . 
  there is a strong narrative that the eu forces greece economic measures that the eu itself already knows they are n't going to work , solely to make greek people suffer in a sadistic anti-hellenist hate march . 
  a number of people believe that the plan of the eu is to artificially turn greece and other southern countries to become the chinas of europe . 
  countries with inhumane work conditions and povetry wages , to produce cheap worker 's hands . 
  2 ) demonized for trying to start ww3 along with usa and russia . 
  3 ) demonized for the way it treats the immigration issue . 
  most of eu countries are not close to the borders that the immigrants come from , and force italy and greece to deal with the issue alone , with minimal help . 
  i did n't even know that facebook flags existed . 
  can somebody explain what 's going on ? 
  of course , of course . 
  that was a lie . 
  the whole sentence . 
  i do n't know about middle-eastern countries , but in balkan countries turks have gotten such a bad reputation , they have become something like legendary folk creatures , like vampires and ghosts . 
  there were stories that they told their children , that if they do n't eat their food , they will give them to the turks . 
  that mostly comes from past historic events though , today such stories are n't being made any more , nor told by parents , and only can be found recorded on non-school history books . 
  actually most of today 's population of turkey are n't really turks . 
  not genetically , only culturaly . 
  most of you are indigenous peoples , with greek , assyrian , kurdish , and other ancestries . 
  if you take a look at people from purer genetically turkic countries like turkmenistan and kazakhstan , and at people from turkey the country , there are obvious differencies . 
  trivia : most of the ancient buildings were destroyed by fanatic christians during the early middle ages . 
  christians had a form of jihad too , the pagans of europe were n't extinct peacefully . 
  and assyrians . 
  it 's all over youtube in comments . 
  interesting . 
  while we greeks are of the people who suffered most under the ottoman empire , we have no similar coats of arms . 
  our coats of arms either have mythological heroes and monsters or christian saints . 
  the eu has not properly organized government and institutions to have its own military . 
  could someone explain to me how islam is repressed ? 
  or is she lying ? 
  so giving you the right to decide your future yourself is retarded . 
  what we have today is electoral oligarchy , not democracy . 
  when was it the last time you personally voted for a law ? 
  i feel sorry for them too , but i also feel sorry for turkey 's neighbours . 
  this interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjqlaleenkw, 
  because it has no jobs for them ? 
  trump openly admits himself to be a far-righter , and proud of it . 
  the american left is not hillary , but jill stein . 
  yet trump in an interview he gave to alex jones , said that bush was stupid having attacked iraq , fot not stealing its oil . 
  he defended the position that america should ~ ~ steal ~ ~ take the resources of the countries it ~ ~ invades ~ ~ brings democracy to , as compensation for the money it spent on jet fuels and bombs . 
  thing is they are both equally bad . 
  one has her name in a number of various scandals , the other is a mand that is acting more with passion than with reason , which is inherently dangerous for a leader . 
  if i was a citizen of usa i 'd vote for jill stein . 
  not that i fancy her agenda , but because she seems to be the less bad than the other two . 
  he is following hitler 's footsteps . 
  it comes from the sentiment of american politicians believing that america has to do at least 2 wars a decade . 
  80s : panama , grenada 90s : iraq , serbia 00s : afghanistan , iraq 10s : still none , but trump seems to want a war against iran .
