  this is like a sabotage , a conspiracy . 
  the article says that about 300 people gathered at a central square and then got to outside of the eu 's local offices , and chanted pro-immigration slogans . 
  a bunch of people gathered for a pro-immigration rally at athens , greece too . 
  http://www.zougla.gr/greece/article/a8ina-olokliro8ike-i-diadilosi-iper-ton-prosfigon but the bbc article said nothing about that . 
  and it is n't the first time . 
  the mainstream international media never report about pro-immigrant actions taken in greece , but they are always there to write stories about anti-immigrant actions . 
  it 's as if for some reason they want to fabricate a fake image that all greeks are xenophobs . 
  her name is greek though, 
  no more measures . 
  :( our month 's salaries for full time job has already fell down to 400 euro per month . 
  give us a break . 
  exactly . 
  the policemen had quite a few options . 
  either they would just throw food like that , or they would would have to use violence to force the migrants to get in a line . 
  who even takes these decisions ? 
  the immigrants ca n't stay in a line . 
  they are too uncivilized to do that . 
  instead they fall one on each other , push away each other , etc , because each one of them wants to say `` firsttt !!!! '' . 
  so what could the policemen possibly do ? 
  if i was a bulgarian , i 'd dream of regaining volga . 
  ca n't decide . 
  i 'm between pontus and egypt . 
  pontus is the oldest of the too . 
  we got there for the first time with jason at about 1500 b.c. 
  but in egypt ... 
  in egypt is where all the cool things happened . 
  there there was alexandria , with the library , philosophy academy , the tomb of alexander ... and the marvels of the egyptians themselves , the pyramids , the temples ... 
  unfortunately , though the turks did a genocide and our people who were living at pontus , and they had to find refuge in russia . 
  but the egyptians never sent our people away . 
  we often call people like this `` complexikoi '' ( plural ) `` complexicos '' ( single ) . 
  the word translates to `` the one who has psychological complexes '' . 
  another word more recently used is ` kangoores ' which relates to the name of the kangaroo animal . 
  i assume because the shirts they are wearing with the conjoined pockets are like kangaroo 's pouches . 
  i see . 
  the `` dictator '' ? 
  you mean the one that they voted democratically at 2012 's elections and gave him 168 seats in the 250 seats parliament ? 
  thing is he is not a dictator . 
  he was elected by the syrian people . 
  is this supposed to be a new story ? 
  because i remember something about turkey 's soldiers getting in iraq from some years ago . 
  so they got in iraq , gave a fight , left and come in again ? 
  or did they stayed in iraq for all that time and now they decided to fight against the kurds ? 
  that 's so confusing ... : /, 
  no , not like this . 
  first of all , there was n't a bottleneck in the way to various places of greece for albanians , because all the trip was on land . 
  and secondly , back then greece had a lot of jobs , so the albanians that were coming would find a job immidately , and so they could afford their expenses . 
  so they could come to a city , find a job , hire an apartment , and wait until their papers get fixed while they work and live . 
  these people who come from turkey though , arrive at greek islands with cheap boats , and then expect the government to ship them elsewhere . 
  but for the government to do that , it first needs to do their papers . 
  so they ca n't keep moving and have to wait at the same place until their papers get fixed . 
  and there are n't any jobs left these days , so they ca n't make money for the time it takes for their papers to get done . 
  so they get stranded in a place that they have to wait for too long , while they ca n't make any money and thus afford various things , and that gets them angry and violent . 
  nah ... persians are ok nowdays . 
  they do n't have a leader thinking he is a supreme being . 
  they also spelled ` island ' as ` iland ' . 
  what exactly of what the greek government is doing is ` racist ' ? 
  that the government pays private owned ships to ship these people for free ? 
  perhaps you think that for the bad conditions that these people have to endure as long as it takes to leave the island , the greek government or people are somehow responsible ? 
  it 's certainly not nice to sleep on soil , but what was the locals were supposed to do ? 
  prophecize that thousands of people would suddenly come to the island , so they had started 3-4 years ago to build more buildings on the island , so they can let the people who are coming now to sleep inside ? 
  i do n't think the locals or the government have magic powers to tell the future , or to make infinite money out of nowhere . 
  you touched a very important subject . 
  that the smugglers ouright lie to these people , to get them costumers and get their money . 
  they promise them utopias that does n't exist . 
  why would the us have a problem with russians fighting isis ? 
  are n't the us against isis ? 
  well if russia decided to do it , that means that the us wo n't have to spend its ammunition and fuel to do the job itselves . 
  greek folk song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgdxp67rlvi&amp;feature=youtu.be it dates back to the time of ottoman occupation . 
  ( 1800s ) it 's sang on a question - answer style , and its name means `` forty strongmen from livadia '' it tells the story of 40 young strong men who were passing by an old man . 
  and the old man asked them where they were going , and they replied that they were going to fight the turks to free the town of tripoli . 
  the young men asked the old man to come and fight with them , but he refused because he was too old . 
  greek national anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_u5nfdr7aa the lyrics sang on what is the national anthem of greece , is just a small piece of a long poem entitled `` hymn to freedom '' . 
  this was written by a poet during greece 's war of independence ( from the ottoman empire ) . 
  the lyrics describe images of the war in a very bold and graphic way ... like `` fresh brains were thrown at the grass in pieces , as sharpened swords were cutting skulls , and rivers of blood watered the soil , as the souls of the wronged cried ` until when ? ' ... '', 
  the actual part of the poem that is sang during the national anthem , is a piece in which the poet ` speaks ' to the personified lady freedom / liberty : i recognize you from the terrible edge of your sword . 
  i recognize you from your gaze that violently scans the land . 
  ripped from the holy bones of the hellenes , you are as you were in the beggining , established . 
  source : rtl t.v. 
  station . 
  : o why ? 
  nope . 
  :( someone shared it one facebook , and that 's how i saw it . 
  ... well the subtitles are in another language , i assume polish , and the watermark of the tv station ( rtl ) is n't one i recognize either . 
  this news story did n't played on any local greek news website or other media . 
  greece 1 ) lots of illegal immigrants coming from turkey . 
  some of them drowning because they over-load the boats , and the boats sink because they ca n't support the weight of so many people . 
  2 ) heatwave 40c today . 
  3 ) gang that imported drugs from latin america was arrested . 
  4 ) fire started at a madhouse , 4 people died . 
  5 ) mayor of lesbos island declared that the island is in an emergency , and said he wo n't set the ballot boxes for the upcoming national elections if the government does n't do something . 
  ( thousands of migrants , stabbing each other on who will leave the island first , attacking police officers and public property because they get angry for having to wait in lines , littering any place they pass by ... ), 
  how do they know how much money was lost due to vat evasion since to evade vat the transaction is ` invisible ' to the systems , ie black market ? 
  i mean since black market transactions are n't recorded , how do they know how many transactions of that kind were made and with what kind of sums ? 
  in what way did merkel helped them ? 
  there is no point in that . 
  since they are all from asia what should i call them ? 
  but then they will do even more extreme riots , and the fellow europeans will call us ` racists ' . 
  they 've been waiting for a ferry boat to take them for free to the mainland . 
  thing is a single boat ca n't take them all together , because they are too many . 
  so some have to wait 3-4 days on the island for their turn , until the boat goes to the mainland and comes back .
