  in our age and times ? 
  this political system was invented at ancient times when people still believed that gods with flesh roamed around , living with humans . 
  supposedly power was given to the gods and their children , and royal families carry the blood of gods , which again supposedly is blue according to the legend . 
  and them having the power was justified because of their `` divine '' blood . 
  with what justification would people offer the power to someone today , since the vast majority does n't even believe in the existence of gods with flesh living among humans ? 
  you forget those who believe that debit cards are the mark of the beast . 
  yes . 
  i 've seen funeral service businessman having some . 
  funerals cost from 1000 and upwards , so when your services are expensive enough to use some 500ers but not so much for them to be too many , it might be convenient to use . 
  it 's so hot it 's hard to sleep . 
  i slept with a fan hitting me with air , and at the night i woke up because sweat from my forehead ran to the eyes . 
  not literally constantinupolis , but taken from \u0392\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03bb\u03b5\u03cd\u03bf\u03c5\u03c3\u03b1 ` basilevusa ' literally translating to `` the governing one '' or `` the one where royalty is practiced '' . 
  which was a nickname of constantinupolis , as it was the capital city , head of the state . 
  the things i heard from albanians ( and some others ) about communism , is the reason i did n't became a leftist as a teen , which was the expected thing back then . 
  and since then one of my most basic arguments i use when talking politics with someone who supports the communist party , is what people who lived it say about it . 
  bravo !, 
  at least you have humor . 
  that 's kind of like saying whites and blacks in america will never be american . 
  let me guess , you walk out in the streets nude ? 
  i see . 
  well it 's bad taste . 
  what if kids get in r/europe and see it ? 
  historic facts are now excessive national pride . 
  i think it would be best for now if hagia sophia was used as a historic site . 
  now seeing istanbul with google maps , i see plenty of mosques around h.s. 
  in the neighborhood . 
  which means probably that there is n't really a need for hs to be used in such a fashion . 
  thus this action is clearly done for symbolic purposes . 
  ie trolling . 
  and those who object feed the troll . 
  do you speak greek ? 
  if so , watch this video of a greek-egyptian muslim arguing against this official mosque : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgc79g30_dg for people who do n't speak greek , here are his arguments : 1 . 
  those who present themselves as representatives of muslims in greece and talk with the government and press supporting the particular mosque are not chosen or elected by local muslims to represent them , and are linked to the `` muslim brotherhood '' that he calls a terrorist organization . 
  most probably these `` representatives '' are going to get a leading or other important role once the mosque is done . 
  the government is ignorant and the way it wants to create this mosque is wrong , for example it lists a number of muslims that this mosque will be open to , including sunni , shia , sufi ... 
  he says there are going to be problems because some of these groups consider other groups heretic and such and do n't get along well together . 
  that there will be infighting between muslims if this happens on who is going to lead and control the mosque , and not only that but in turn that quarrel will generate a climate of islamophobia for the rest non-muslim people , and that in the end only harm and problems will come out of it . 
  in another video he has called sufis `` mystics that do magic and dress like women '' pejoratively . 
  he calls one of the groups that is included in this list ( harigit ) a dangerous heresy that out of it have spawned terrorist groups like al quaeda . 
  it is a group that assassinated kaliph ali , and for the rest muslims ali is a much respected figure i get , judging from the fact that half of the muslim people are named after him . 
  i find the italian and french names interesting . 
  over here in greece we use the word ` coccineli ' for red whine , because its red . 
  it will be interesting to see how this will turn out . 
  the greek government has decided to build a jami in athens recently , and it currently is in construction . 
  and in its official statement , the government says that it 's going to be a jami for all muslims , and then it goes on to list the names of the muslim groups . 
  there is one greek-egyptian sunni muslim you does youtube videos in greek . 
  and in a related video he said he is against the creation of that jami , and one of his arguments was that the greek government , possibly because of ignorance have included a lot of different muslim groups together in the list of groups this mosque will be for , and that this is going to generate lots of problems . 
  himself for example does n't like sufis at all , he called them mystics who dress like women in a pejorative fashion . 
  and he was rather vocal and condemning that salafists and harijits were included , he called these 2 groups terrorist heresies . 
  he have also said that the people that present themselves as representatives of the muslim community were not chosen by the muslim community , and are linked to the egyptian `` muslim brotherhood '' who he says are bad guys . 
  so i will watch the news about that mosque in berlin with much interest if it becomes available before the one in greece . 
  if you are muslim and read this , please give me your input about the athens mosque and what this greek muslim guy says . 
  is he right ? 
  is he wrong ? 
  would you go to the same mosque along with sunni , shia , sufi , salafi , harigit ? 
  the public sector is modeled after the public sector that existed before ... the ottoman invasion . 
  which means the byzantine public sector . 
  which in turn is based on the roman public sector and bureaucracy . 
  have you heard about bureaucracy in the roman empire ? 
  it was even featured as one of the 12 labors of asterix . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtekumyecnk this video from asterix gives a perfect idea about bureaucracy in greece . 
  it 's like the writers of the episode wrote that part with greece in mind . 
  there was also a satirical greek rap song about the public sector ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et4-amvedcu, 
  we just do n't want your war jets flying over our heads that 's all . 
  as you also would n't like to see greek war jets flying over your head . 
  now argue about borders all you want . 
  the article kind of confused me . 
  does it say that central europe was originally inhabited by middle-eastern people and that then europeans came and replaced them , or the opposite ? 
  what a bunch of hypocrite crap i just read ... china 's status has been like that for more than 70 years . 
  and all of a sudden some pretend that they discovered human rights in china . 
  just after greece made an investment deal with it , yeah right . 
  and it is the same eu that 5 years ago replaced our prime minister with a puppet and turned our country to a police state , that had its policemen breaking peoples heads for protesting , another supposed human right ... 
  good . 
  glittering generalities ... 
  you have to factor in the social-cultural-geographical context . 
  they were desert people and had not much or clean water , neither today 's doctors . 
  plus pants were n't invented yet , and they wore robes . 
  sand would get inside , between the skin and the organ and it would be hard to take out , and would lead to infections . 
  it was absolutely reasonable hygiene wise back then , at that area of the earth . 
  kind of similar is the ban of pork meat for muslims . 
  there were n't any pigs in the desert ... for them it would be something similar for a european to ban camel meat . 
  we do n't have camels around so it would n't be a big deal . 
  good luck with that . 
  last time someone tried to ban it ( antiochus epiphanes ) with the same reasoning in mind the jews revolted , and this revolt is commemorated until today with hanukkah . 
  correct, 
  yes , and here it will become warmer again from tuesday . 
  no , it 's not shit , its a blessing . 
  meanwhile in greece , the last 3 years the weather has become more wet and kind of colder . 
  last winter i experienced -8 c in athens for the first time in my life . 
  as far as i remember ( i am 30 ) in athens the lowest we had before was 0c . 
  the summer before that , for the first time i saw storms during july and august , and even a bunch of tornadoes . 
  i had never seen tornadoes in greece prior to that , neither on winter or summer . 
  this year , this month , we have had about 8 days of rain out of the 18 in athens . 
  quite unusual for june . 
  one would expect that because we are both southern countries , we would get kind of similar changes . 
  but no , here we get more rain and colder temps and tornadoes , and there you get less rain and higher temps . 
  meanwhile in athens greece we have 18c and rain ... and people are split in social media between those who want sun and high temps so they can enjoy picturesque beach swimming , and the others who wish it goes on like that for the whole summer because they ca n't stand the heat . 
  it 's not even a joke any more . 
  now it 's mental retardation . 
  actually from 20c to 25c is the best temp .
