  the old fabled fatherland of us southeastern europeans , the millenial eastern roman empire . 
  genetically maybe . 
  its the cultures that are different . 
  # 1 why is `` greek '' in a different group from `` greco-roman '' ? 
  # 2 is there a board of some sorts with the statistics represented with actual numbers ? 
  # 3 does this profile represents the amount of different haplogroups for each person , or the amount of total ethnic ancestries in each country ? 
  # 4 can an individual do the test for his own self ? 
  # 5 am i the only one who ca n't tell the color difference of j1 and j2 ? 
  thanks, 
  that 's truly a unique and nice looking metro you have there . 
  when was it ? 
  please remind me, 
  really ? 
  i had no idea about such statistics . 
  :o we have a conspiracy theorist that is making a tv show since 2006 , and also speaks about aliens , giants , illuminati etc , and he has been promoting russia like mad all this time . 
  perhaps this is why . 
  although most greeks think he is a nutjob , everybody knows him and his bold favouritism of russia , and an amount of people that is making me uneasy believe the things he say . 
  the newest measures though are ridiculous . 
  30 % tax on coffee products ? 
  :( they try to make us abandon coffee and start drinking tea , to make us englishmen . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  i 've been hearing bad news for so long , a good news story feels like a hoax to me now . 
  it seems like the eu has become something like eurovision . 
  i expect australia to ask for eu integration next year . 
  actually the rules and standards a country has to comply with , to become a part of the eu are all written in stone and specific . 
  turkey just denies to do the necessary reforms that it must do in order to be accepted in the eu . 
  let me note something . 
  the article says something about anti-americanism , that i disagree with . 
  we do n't hate americans here . 
  it 's only the communists that make a public protest . 
  that 's what it said back when bill clinton was bombing serbia . 
  i love their milk , i hate their meat . 
  do n't they have a limit on how many times a single person is allowed to run as the lead of the country ? 
  i know in most places there is such a limit . 
  here it is 2 terms . 
  first of all , the money greece was loaned went to private banks , and from there what happened to them is unknown . 
  they were n't spent for benefits , neither infrastructure . 
  they just disappeared without ever being spent . 
  secondly , if the greek government back in 2010 did some moderate cuts , it would balance the earnings with the expenses and it would n't need either a huge loan , neither to raise the taxes , which has the side effect of reducing demand in the market . 
  the whole loan business was unnecassary . 
  so everyone else is allowed to have them , but them ? 
  i have n't seen israeli fighters going to iran . 
  neither iranian fighters going to israel . 
  it 's not iran at war with the kurds , but turkey . 
  you mixed that a bit . 
  as for lgbt , that 's part of their culture . 
  because you think something is good and bad , that does n't mean everyone else is going to share the same opinion with them . 
  i would n't like to live in iran , but i realize that it 's because of my culture , and that different peoples of the world have different cultures , and that i have no right to tell to other nations how to live in their countries . 
  you have to respect the sovereignty and cultures of foreign peoples . 
  the eu is always doing what america says . 
  perhaps some of its members might disagree , but in the end if washington says something , brussels follow . 
  and america is known for making wars for silly excuxes . 
  do you know that the eu currently has sanctions against iran ? 
  why ? 
  did iran attacked any country in the world ? 
  did it mistreated minorities ? 
  i have n't heard of anything like that . 
  but america wants iran to be isolated , so it happens . 
  yes , that 's an interesting part . 
  it 's because most people are stupid . 
  they see political parties like football teams and become fanatic supporters of the ` clubs ' , not thinking too much about it . 
  it 's true that economic policy is n't necessarily connected with such social issues . 
  but they put them together like that in the same pot , because they are acting more with passion than with reason , and they ca n't be assed to spend time to think deeply about subjects . 
  imo the left and the right are so abstract and generalized terms , that the only thing they effectively do is divide people . 
  the irony is that we the greek people already knew were wo n't be able to pay back this debt . 
  which is why we 've been protesting since 2010 , when our government was about to take the first big loan from eu/ecb . 
  we did n't wanted your money , because we knew we would n't be able to pay that back . 
  it 's not like we planned to take your money and never pay it back . 
  please stop this offensive joke . 
  greeks do n't want your fucking money . 
  instead since 2010 we have been protesting against taking your money . 
  but we are continuously forced to accept your money against our will by ours and yours corrupted governments . 
  if you do n't want german money coming to greece , stop voting for merkel . 
  even if we have oil , we are not allowed to sell it . 
  the eu & us already want to bomb iran because it sells its oil at cheaper prices than them and takes their costumers , if greece was becoming a new player in the international oil trade , to be competitive it would have to price its oil even lower than iran does , and then your governments would bomb us with some stupid excuse . 
  there have been stories of deposists discovered in the press a number of times , but the greek governments acted as if they are conspiracy theories to not be taken seriously . 
  do n't write things on the internet if you are so ignorant . 
  you only end up ridiculing yourself . 
  i had n't noticed that . 
  yes he comes at the anniversary of greeks overthrowing a usa aided military dictatorship . 
  why should we ? 
  how is what you just said related to trump at all ? 
  what is politics ? 
  politics = dealing with the issues of the polis . 
  what is a polis ? 
  polis = organized human society . 
  thus politics = dealing with the issues of an organized human society . 
  and that means that social and economic issues , are parts of politics , as they are issues the society faces . 
  and you do realize that if the money was used to pay back older loans , the newer loans would n't add up to the debt because the old loans would have been paid back ? 
  greece 's debt was 170 billions at 2009 , and now is over 400 . 
  i think not . 
  but i also want to note , that there are no ` angels ' in this world . 
  everyone has their own interests , and a position of power can alter everyone 's character to an extend . 
  it 's just that the money the german ( and others ) government gave to the greek government , were n't spend in some way in greece , but were recycled through the banking system and went to deutschebank . 
  so in practice the german government gave money to deutscebank , but greece has to pay the same amount to the german government because it acted as the middle man . 
  and greece got nothing out of it , only debt . 
  the debt ? 
  you mean the money that merkel put in the money laundering scheme that went from the german government to the greek government , to greek private banks , to deutschebank ? 
  because she could n't give money to deutschebank directly ? 
  which was mostly stolen during ww2 , and they never gave back .
