  that 's austerity . 
  i hope if the uk leaves , our countries make some eu-like deals that will enable us to trade and pay a visit to each other 's countries . 
  oh and deep down i want uk to leave , at least for a short time , only to land the pride of the eu to normal levels , because it has become too cocky . 
  i am a greek and i do n't want constantinupolis integrated with greece . 
  yes it was an ancient city of ours . 
  as others were also all around mediterrenean . 
  but today there are like 10.000.000 people living there . 
  as many as greece 's whole population . 
  if the population of greece doubled , the expenses of the state would also double , and the state is broke . 
  who will feed these people there ? 
  the thing is that greece for example , lets migrants go to fyrom , after they have been registrated , and fyrom agrees to take them . 
  in cooperation with fyrom . 
  but turkey did n't cooperated with greece to let them go to greece . 
  and come one , the migrants speak about what happens in turkey once they leave it . 
  the turkish policemen are getting paid by the migrants to be aloud to move to greece the equivelant of 300 euros per person . 
  i 'm sorry for your country . 
  :( and i 'm sorry for mine too , because erdogan being what he is , might do something stupid to get my people and your people to trouble . 
  lol . 
  i like how it depicts mace ... 
  i mean vardarija . 
  yeah european institutions are a bit ridiculous . 
  i mean come on , they even included australia in the eurovision song contest . 
  australia . 
  i 've been hearing about thessaloniki 's metro for like 20 years now . 
  i think the eu should issue a travel alert covering eu , saying that there policemen beat or shoot people for no reason . 
  it would make more sense . 
  i 'm sorry for this . 
  it seems globalization has only negatives for everyone . 
  the businesses leave one country to go to the other . 
  to the country they leave , they leave people without jobs . 
  to the country they go to , they hire people and do n't pay them . 
  people in both countries are not treated as they should . 
  i think at some point a government of turkey should leave nationalistic ancestor worship behind and come up and say `` look , some of our ancestors did terrible things , and yes between those things are some genocides , we recognize they were bad things and sorry for it '' . 
  that right there , what that man said . 
  it was n't greek who did the kurd , assyrian , and armenian genocides though . 
  i 'd knew the reason until before 2010 !, 
  :p but since the austerity measures packages started coming , the reasons started flying away very quickly . 
  i knew some georgian women who worked for my grandfather . 
  one was very fun and brought me one of those large things with nuts you make there . 
  it was nice :d, 
  i downloaded the picture from the other thread . 
  and to make the new letters be visible i had to erase the old ones first . 
  i took the idea from here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4labkn/funnydepressing_what_polish_google_says_about/ to create a similar picture . 
  i liked so much i made a greek google version : http://imgur.com/mcabzg9, 
  i think he tries ( albeit with no result ) to find middle ground between russia and the others , and act as someone who talks with both parties that dont talk with each other , to make them friends , albeit with no result . 
  thing is i find his position on this rather reasonable . 
  if shit hits the fan and there is ` hot ' war between russia and others , things are going to escalate and become rather shitty , even if it is n't a nuclear war . 
  so one haves the hope they will solve their problems and become friends again . 
  go start a war against putin then smartass . 
  that way you will stop his `` campaign '' . 
  oh and when it comes to sanctions , it easy for you to say it while your country is beteween the countries with the top economies in the continent . 
  come to live over here were people work 12 hours a day / 6 days a week for 400 euros , while a bread loaf costs 1euro and apartment fees for just 30 square meter apartment 200 euros at the worst neighborhood excluding telephone and electricity bills . 
  so putin started the revolution that overthrew the putin-friendly ex - prime minister of ukraine ? 
  i would translate this message as `` for the ( tip of the top ) men , every land is a grave '' . 
  the monument also has inscripted the names of all the battlefields were greeks gave battles , from the ancient times to the modern era . 
  the title is a far-stretched over-exaggeration and his words distorted . 
  it was a mutual interview with the pm of greece , in the process of putin 's visit to the country . 
  and i am greek and i watched the whole interview of putin & tsipras live , and i listened to the official translation of putin 's words from putin 's interpreter . 
  what putin said on the subject was that the nato weapon systems in romania and poland have a range that extends beyond the border 's of these countries and thus not only it can protect these countries , but also it has the ability to hit targets on russian soil . 
  he commented that the officially declared reason for these systems was to protect these countries from hypothetical future iran nuclear missiles , and that since iran 's leader made an agreement with the usa and other countries to stop the program , the official argument of why those missiles are there is eliminated , yet the missiles are still there . 
  so he said that russia will take the necessary precautions to be ready to defend itself in case nato decides to use those missiles against russia , and that 's all he said . 
  he did n't explicity said things like that he is going to aim weapons to romania or poland . 
  and now that we speak about , he has a point . 
  if the missiles were really to neutralize iran 's hypothetical future missiles , the us could have placed them to allied countries much closer to iran , like turkey , ajerbaijan , israel , or saudi arabia . 
  but it seems as if populism is transmitted as if it was a virus . 
  one sees another go populist , and decides to do the same . 
  for some yes . 
  in greece you have to pay income tax if you make more than 6000 euros per year . 
  the income tax for freelancers is 51 % after the latest austerity measures . 
  so if you make 6001 euros per year as a freelancer , your income after tax will be 3000.5 euros . 
  remove from that insurance fees , which is about 1500 euros per year , and you are left with 1500.5 euros to live for a whole year . 
  that 's like saying you have to live on 125 euros per month . 
  with that money , you ca n't even pay a month 's rent in the smallest apartment , in the worst district . 
  so in that case , essentially the only way to survive is to not pay the tax . 
  im sorry you have to have such a stupid and evil government . 
  ours is not good either , its corrupted and lying . 
  but yours seem to be even worse than ours . 
  would it be ok if lets say ... germany changed its name to cherokia ? 
  if they wanted to call themselves with the name of a native american tribe ( cherokee ) , although they are not native americans , but germans , and they do n't even live in america ? 
  when a bunch of slavs will stop calling themselves after the name of a n ancient greek tribe that has been fully integrated to a single greek nation since 2300 years ago , and instead they accept their ancestry heritage and decide to name their country something slavic-related , then the name dispute will be solved . 
  they have n't . 
  not all muslim countries want to become turkey 's servants . 
  there is no way the arab emirates and saudi will give up their powers to make turkey their leader . 
  first of all you are generalizing things too much and put everyone on the same basket . 
  `` europeans '' are like 30 different nations , with different languages , religions , ethics , customes , and cultures ... how many countries colonized africa ? 
  britain , france , spain , belgium . 
  just 4 . 
  as for oil , have you forgot the photographs from russian jet pilots that show isis selling oil stolen from syria and iraq within turkey 's borders , to turkey ? 
  it 's a bit far off unfortunately . 
  yes he supported the terrorists in the war on syria . 
  not only that , but there were pictures taken by russian jets that show terrorists passing the border to turkey and selling oil they stole from syria and iraq to turkey . 
  turkey is funding them . 
  but the west and east countries act like it did n't happened ( or happens ) for some reason . 
  the exact same thing happened to me too . 
  turkey apparently . 
  holland and germany did not allow turkish politicians to come and hold public rallies to the expat turks living there , for the turkish referendum . 
  turkey 's leader , who has been manipulating his country 's constitution for almost 2 decades to always stay in power , wants to change his country constitution once more so he can have even more power . 
  holland and germany do n't like this and did n't allowed people of turkish government to hold public rallies in their soil to advertise a positive vote for the referendum . 
  reminds me of something . . https://www.scrapbookpages.com/mauthausen/mauthausenphotos/oldphotos/viennaposter.jpg, 
  do you know monopoly ?
