  and all this rioting is just because of that . 
  there is currently one but its not enough.it would take a fleet . 
  the chinese people who live in greece never took part in riots , they are easy going people , and respect the place they are at . 
  you still have kingship ? 
  latin was at least as old as 300bc , if not older . 
  cyrilic was invented by ... well cyril . 
  a roman christian priest that lived ... well after the birth of jesus . 
  and latin came from greek . 
  and greek came from phoenician . 
  what kind of psychos would pee on kids ? 
  loving your nation is n't about being a disgusting misanthrope . 
  but then everybody would call greece ` racist ' , and the eu that loves us so much would ask us to pay fines for being `` so evil and racist that deported immigrants back to their countries '' , and because we would n't be able to pay these fines , they would then ask us to take yet another loan so we can pay the fines , and do even more austerity ... 
  those are not fleeing mesopotamia . 
  they already left iraq and syria days ago before reaching the vardarija-hellas borders . 
  this is about how they behaved on the fyrom - greece borders , were there is no wars , nobody trying to shoot at them . 
  and they are not poor people either . 
  they have iphones and what not . 
  police told them to wait in the line and pass the borders orderly . 
  instead they attacked police officers and invaded en mass . 
  that shows lack of respect to the authorities and law of europe , and guess what ? 
  if they acted like that in that case , they are going to make way worse crimes later on . 
  if i was ever migrating myself to another country , i would listen to the cops , and follow their orders . 
  and if they told me to wait in a line , i 'd wait in a line . 
  you have to show some respect to the country you are going to . 
  when they were here in one of our islands , they were wrestling each other on who will board the ship first to the mainland , to then come to your country . 
  lol :p let 's just way that we can keep lines ... https://financialpostcom.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/20150628-amx-greece-bg28.jpg?w=620&amp;h=465, 
  thing is , that at least for the greece - turkey borders , the sea that is between these two countries at some places is less than a kilometer . 
  in many occasions the immigrants sink their own boats halfway through and then start swimming , because according to international treaties a country is forced to collect all men ( and women ) at sea , inside its borders . 
  they are very cunning , they know what they do . 
  the fact that police was about to let them go through , but one by one . 
  instead they attacked the police , and tried to pass all together , to escape control , and they run away from the police . 
  which means they might carry guns under their clothes and coming to your country for terrorist attacks . 
  so what you propose is the action greece and italy who are the first european countries that accept them should do ? 
  open holes to their boats and sink them to their death ? 
  some stabbed each other in greece too . 
  i searched on google to find out that there is a municipality named paionia . 
  i did n't knew a place with that name was existed in greece . 
  but if our neighbors were taking the decision to call their country paionia , i would support their decision . 
  why ? 
  because the percentage of paionia that is in their country is way higher than the amount of paionia that is in greece . 
  ` fyrom ' is about 95 % paionia and 5 % macedonia . 
  and on greece the area of paionia is like 3 % of the ground that greece has . 
  and according to my thinking , since they have such a large part of paionia , and greece 's part is so small , the posibility of them naming their country after paionia is way more justified than ` macedonia ' . 
  other than that , we have historic sources from the ancient times stating that macedonians were part of the greek ethnos . 
  ( they spoke the same language , had same religion , similar traditions etc ) so that makes it harder for greeks to agree on the neighbors using the term . 
  but paionians are n't explicitly called greeks at any historic source that comes to my mind . 
  the first guy of our people who came up with a related concept was herodotus , who was born at 485 b.c. 
  thing is that the words ` nation ' and ` ethnicity ' of the english language have some slight different meanings , and in greek there is only one word used , '' \u03ad\u03b8\u03bd\u03bf\u03c2 '' , ( ethnos ) , ( from which the word ethn-icity comes from ) . 
  the greek word ` ethnos ' is closer to the meaning of ` ethnicity ' than ` nation ' , but let 's see what ` ethnos ' actually means : so herodotus defined an ethnos as `` a total of people that share the same ancestry , language , customes , religion '' . 
  now as you can see , greeks existed with that kind of definition from way back , but the thing is that while they were all greeks in their ` ethnos ' , in the beggining they were seperated in different country like formations ( city states ) that had independent political authorities , and often the different city states fought with each other . 
  so before alexander , while greeks recognized that they all had a connection between them , they also believed that they were different as in one was an athenian , the other one spartan , cretan , pellan etc. 
  and its not hard to visualize this , the same thing is happening at some places of the world today too , for example north and south korea , greco-cypriots and greeks , etc. 
  so basically the concept of alexander was to unite all the people of the same ethnos but from different ` countries ' to a single ` national state ' . 
  he just went on and said `` hey we all speak the same language , we all believe the same gods , we all live in that piece of the world , we have a common culture and understand each other , and we all have a common enemy , the persians , and we are risking the annihilation of our ethnos . 
  so let 's put an end to killing each other and unite to form a single ethnic state . '', 
  thing is there is not enough demand for engineers in greece . 
  and the amount of demand for computer scientists is irrelevant since a software developer could publish the software through the internet to the international market . 
  but to do so , one has to think of the possibility of becoming an independent self-employed programmer instead of thinking that the only way to get a job is to get hired in a local business . 
  you might have 1/2 of thrace , but the parts of thrace that greece and turkey have , are small compared to the rest of these countries . 
  thing is you bulgarians are serious and proud of being bulgarians , instead of saying stuff like ` orpheus the thracian king was our nation 's father ' similar to what our common neighbors say . 
  and as for who the real thracians were : according to historic sources they were not a greek tribe , but they were people with red hair and green eyes , that were so independent that when alexander went to conquer them , because they knew they would loose and did n't wanted to be governed by him , most of them fled the area and migrated elsewhere in europe , and the few that remained in thrace , left it too for unknown destination , when the romans went to conquer the place too . 
  since the massive exodus of the thracians at the roman times , the original thracians and their descendants are considered a lost tribe / nation . 
  it is , but few people take it seriously . 
  because the communist party seems to be arguing for the shake of arguing . 
  in the referendum they did n't supported no , neither yes , instead they printed and gave to their voters their own unofficial vote papers , for example . 
  it might had a rise in votes , but there is no way it will become powerful enough again to gather as many as they are needed to become a government . 
  to take part in a coalition though is not impossible . 
  but lets be honest here . 
  nd is as bad and responsible for greece 's mess as pasok is . 
  more nd will surely mean more of the same , i.e. 
  more mess . 
  of course you could say that perhaps another party , untested , might make an even bigger mess . 
  but greeks really feel a need that their country needs drastic changes , and nobody really thinks that that kind of change will come from pasok or nd . 
  because after all , if they were to change , they had so much time to do so . 
  decades . 
   st thing and th :(, 
  syriza is so pro-immigrant that it will wait after there have already been violent incidents to do anything . 
  at least elections will happen again in 29 days ... 
  migrants follow the money, 
  if greece directs the immigrants to where they want to go , the media will say `` see , greece is blackmailing and is doing that to punish the northern eu countries for the austerity measures ! '' . 
  if greece does n't direct the immigrants to where they want to go , as it does , medias will say `` see ? 
  greece is racist and does n't care about the problems of the immigrants ! '', 
  so basically , whatever greece decides to do , the press will be negative . 
  double standards and hypocrisy everywhere . 
  you are right . 
  the initial region called ` macedonia ' is entirely inside greek borders . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/expansionofmacedon.jpg the parts of macedonia that were spreaded to what is now other countries , were only became parts of macedonia after philip 's conquests . 
  and with philip 's son , alexander 's conquests , macedonia expanded to what is today afghanistan and pakistan . 
  this government will do nothing as long as its in power . 
  it has such a bias that it would consider it ` racist ' if it sent provisionary security forces to keep an eye on the immigrants . 
  in the case of the greek mainland that its surrounded by water in its west , south , and east , the thing is that the migrants buy boats and life jackets from turkey , and when they get at our waters they open holes to their own boats when they see the cost guard approaching , because according to international law , if a vessel is sinking and there are people in it , your country is obliged to save the people . 
  some times though some of them drown . 
  the spartans in particular were considered ` backwards ' and ` primitive ' even at their time , by the other tribes . 
  democracy started in athens , but other city states copy-pasted similar systems afterwards . 
  before philip macedonians was kind of irrelevant and neutral in the larger picture . 
  it did n't took sides on the in-fighting , neither it was conquering others , so it kind of just stood there and existed . 
  the fight in italy was what devastated athens as a military force . 
  when the spartans attacked , athenians were weak and had to hide behind the walls , and there was a siege . 
  in the end the spartans won using toxic warfare : they discovered that the river ilissos was used to supply the city with drinkable water that passed through a pipe that passed under the walls , and they contaminated the river and its water by throwing rotting corpses in it , which lead to thousands of athenians dying from related illness . 
  thing is they never fought with each other .
