because a ) we get to use foreign words daily for things that also have greek words . 
  b ) a big amount of the root system and the mathematical construction is lost . 
  reminded me of some japanese and greek words . 
  kota in japanese means happiness . 
  kota in greek means chicken . 
  tashaki in japanese is a name . 
  tashaki in greek means ashtray . 
  kabuki in japanese means theater . 
  kavuki in greek means turtle shell . 
  we have many words sounding the same , with completely different meaning . 
  that made me curious . 
  because it seems that the names of the colors mean only the colors at these languages . 
  at greek , at least ancient greek and not the bastardization that greeks speak today , most if not all names of colors had names related to stuff that had these colors . 
  for example the word for black '' \u039c\u03ad\u03bb\u03b1\u03bd '' ( melan ) is related to ` melani ' , the squidd 's ink . 
  and the word for blue '' \u039a\u03c5\u03b1\u03bd\u03cc '' ( cyan ) from the sea . 
  chrysos connected with semitic ? 
  the semites talked hebrew and aramaic . 
  is any israeli or assyrian here to say how they call gold in their own language ? 
  and you think that with a new party things will change and the new government wo n't do what germany wants ? 
  have n't you been taking notes ? 
  that right there . 
  what you just said . 
  at some point humans from all around the world should accept that it is right to allow any nation / amount of people to live the way it likes , in its own country / place . 
  i ca n't speak for turks or armenians , but there are some pure greeks left , albeit very few . 
  if one is found , is easy to spot as they have the shapes often seen in the ancient statues , such as ` greek nose ' , ` greek feet ' , slighlty curly hair etc. 
  but the number of people like that in greece are very few and its rare to meet one . 
  most of the modern greek population though has roman / etruscan features , and if you think about it , we 've been citizens of rome from second century bc until 1453 ad , when you guys came . 
  it 's about 1600 years . 
  so i have seen these ancient paintings from pompeei in italy , depicting romans : http://www.ancient.eu/uploads/images/961.jpg?v=1431036068 there are many modern greek citizens who look like that . 
  the shape of the eyes , the fat eyebrows , their facial features are rather usual here . 
  there are also a number of people though that have turkic features , and i mean turkic features like those i find if i search on google for turkic people , like these men for example : http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/42254000/jpg/_42254754_assembly.jpg but they are not so many . 
  hey , you forgot the centrist 's union !!!!!!!!, 
  our prophet leventis . 
  that 's right . 
  the symbol they use is taken from a decorative pattern found on ancient buildings , that resembled sea waves . 
  completely unrelated to far right ideals . 
  the first exit polls are out : syriza : 30 % ~ 34 % new democracy : 28 ~ 32 % golden dawn : 6.5 ~ 8 % communist party : 5.5 ~ 7 % the river : 4 ~ 5.5 % union of centrists : 3.2 % ~ 4.2 % independent greeks : 3 % ~ 4 % people 's union : 2.5 % ~ 3.5 % final results will take some hours . 
  economic situation ? 
  too little work and demand . 
  people have no money to spend , people do n't spend . 
  so if you are lucky to have a job , you go there and just stand or sit for the most hours because no costumers get in , because people are poor . 
  salaries have gone too low . 
  like 400 euros per month for many people . 
  you ca n't live with that money . 
  so you will see 30 year olds still living with their parents , because even if they do work , the money they make are n't enough to live alone . 
  politics ? 
  we have new elections at sunday . 
  people are unsure not only of what they are going to vote , but even if voting is even worth it . 
  many people have stopped believing that we are a free independent country and accepted that we are going to be governed by foreigners and that no matter who we elect , nothing is going to change , so many people say they wo n't even go to vote this time . 
  they find elections to be useless . 
  they say that the parliament will have a newcomer , and that the party centrist 's union will join the parliament for the first time , but not with a big percentage . 
  are n't good old fashioned missiles good anymore ? 
  lies ? 
  well certainly they were n't my idea . 
  that 's what i 've been reading all around the internet for the last days . 
  it was lehman 's bros who started the crisis , for which the greek government had to recapitalize its banks , and it was that , that skyrocketed greece 's foreign debt to beyond the eu limit , which brought us in the imf and the austerity measures . 
  and guess what , lehman 's was a bank that had its headquarters in the usa . 
  so instead of pointing the finger , you should be thankful that the world does n't ask from your country to compensate for the damages it caused . 
  out of place , off topic , unnecessary , stupid comment . 
  because doublin 2 does n't allow an eu country to let non-eu citizens to visit another eu country . 
  and we apply that . 
  we have been arresting any immigrants that tried to get on ships that would take them to italy . 
  but the immigrants we talk about does n't leave our country for another eu country , but they leave it for fyr macedonia . 
  and that country is n't an eu country , so we do n't violate dublin 2 in practice . 
  the doublin 2 only limits us from allowing them to visit another eu country directly after ours . 
  but the next country they step ther feet on is n't a eu country . 
  yup i see your point . 
  and you know what 's the irony ? 
  that that party , golden dawn , is getting support because supposedly it wants to preserve our culture . 
  but according to it , its the immigrants who will make us loose our culture . 
  hmm ... 
  the problem seems to be that you are so focused to protect democracy , that you ` loose the forest because you focus on the tree ' , and end up loosing democracy . 
  a basic principle of democracy is to allow everybody to have his opinion , and be free to state it . 
  that is also why in my country ( greece ) a party such as golden dawn is allowed . 
  golden dawn is anti-democratic , in that it has stated that if it ever becomes government it will undo democracy and install a different political system , and yet , for the shake of free speech we allow them to exist . 
  as we also allow the communist party to exist . 
  of course neither my country or yours , or any that comes to my mind has true democracy . 
  true democracy as in having parliamentarians chosen by lot , etc. 
  lol just 1.5 billion $ ? 
  :p in greece there was 96.5 bn euros that disappeared from the stock market , about 60 bn e disappeared from the pension funds , and nobody knows where the money our governments have been taking from the eu/imf the past 5 years have been going . 
  ( some say they are given at a handful of local private banks , but who knows ? ), 
  and we 've been protesting for years instead of days , we 've been electing for government parties that never ruled before , and no case of disappeared money ever is solved , and anybody who have been stealing the money of our country is still free spending them !, 
  and the international mainstream media are hiding the scandals , and instead say that our country is poor because we are lazy and do n't pay taxes , blaming simple citizens instead of the mega-sharks who stole billions of our country 's money , indebting it and bankrupting it . 
  you are so noobs !, 
  :d and lucky . 
  you are very lucky if only 1.5 bn $ was stolen from your country , and not several hundreds of bns . 
  but hungary is hungary . 
  it 's not bad when germany does it . 
  it 's only bad when anybody else does it . 
  so now , perhaps you should protest against merkel , and perhaps vote for another party next elections . 
  that was before . 
  when she wanted our countries to be overcrowded with these people . 
  now that they are overcrowded , she can stop accepting them . 
  so what 's the meaning of this ? 
  that she wanted our countries to be overcrowded by these people . 
  so ms merkel first calls all these people to go to germany , then she says ` we had enough of you , no more ' . 
  and what are all these people currently at greece , fyrom , serbia , hungary that wanted to come to germany will do ? 
  we have no jobs in our countries for them , neither infrastructure and resources , to accomodate them . 
  they are going to get angry , and riot , and cause trouble . 
  trouble that we , the other countries will have to suffer because of ms merkel .
