  it 's a temp you feel ok to be outside with a t-shirt . 
  up to 30c its bearable . 
  when it goes less than 20c , you start feeling cold and wear some short of light jacket . 
  when it goes above 30c , you are sweaty most of the time and its hot . 
  above 35 , you sweat all day without doing anything and have problem sleeping because sweat goes into your eyes and wake you up . 
  above 40 ... 
  it 's hazardous , breathing becomes harder , heat makes you feel stupid , you try to not be outside from 12 at the noon until 10 at night . 
  you avoid getting outside at all if possible and if you have to , you try to stay under shade , and always carry a bottle of water with you , and often throw cold water at your face ... 
  greece and troika . 
  one of the longest soap operas . 
  what 's the joke ? 
  i would n't kneel to him even if he was a real prince . 
  and even if he was my country 's real prince . 
  in some places like thrace for example , there are sharia courts recognized by the government . 
  its those places with muslim people that were left to live in greece after they became part of greece . 
  that 's what we 've been saying too . 
  we do n't like that we have so much debt either . 
  but the bigger countries it seems know better , or at least think they know better . 
  interesting . 
  do you know perhaps a site in which i can find more maps like that , to see the depths of various places ? 
  my mother 's pension is 440 euros , and my grandma 's pension is even lower . 
  i do n't know where you get these numbers from , but what i can tell you is that the majority of people here in greece get way smaller pensions than 882 euros . 
  i think that the reason the average is this high is n't because most people get about that amount of pension money , but because of inequalities . 
  parliamentarians get 7.600 euros pensions , ceo of public electricity company more than 200.000 euros ... 
  i 've never heard such a thing . 
  at another map it had cyprus united with syria . 
  wrong . 
  there are skeletal remains and tools of people living in europe during the ice age . 
  if i remember correctly , at the places of greece where muslims live and sharia is official , the muslim has the right to decide whether he wants a case to be judged in civil court or sharia court . 
  the state law does n't force muslims to go exclusively to sharia court , but gives them the choice to decide the kind of court . 
  thus in this case , since the dead person wanted his property after death to be given according to civil court , the case should be closed , and his will should be applied . 
  there are official mosques in greece . 
  perhaps you are confused . 
  it 's athens in particular that has no official mosque , and the case of building an official mosque in athens has been the subject of many recent news stories , controversies , documentaries even . 
  in north-eastern greece , there are lots of official , traditional mosques , with minarets and everything . 
  what is this supposed to be ? 
  i 'm missing the meaning . 
  if they target specifically religious veils , that 's not good . 
  in greece hiding your face in general in public is outlawed , with the only exception being at the carnival . 
  otherwise even wearing super hero masks in public is illegal . 
  the idea behind the law is that the police should be able to identify everybody at all times . 
  i do n't know if life in bulgaria is better , what i know is that the few bulgarian immigrants i knew have gone back to their country years ago . 
  wrong . 
  pella , the capital of macedonia , as also its ancient cities like amphipolis , are all in ground of modern day greece . 
  a principle is a principle . 
  but you want to play stupid it seems . . 
  so what ? 
  when it comes to identity , it does n't matter that much what you want but who you are . 
  attempting to impersonate somebody else is a crime . 
  in most if not all countries of the world , if police finds out you have a fake id , it will arrest you and you will face charges . 
   rent marxist parties in kosovo , why the fuck do you praise these guys ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  don do `` kla '' means uck ? 
  one woman was found dead under debris of a building that collapsed . 
  :( the old stone building are more suspect to collapse , newer buildings are more sturdy . 
  come to think of it , we live in one of the most dangerous areas of earth ( earthquake wise ) along with japan . 
  and we ... fight over who will have the most dangerous parts . 
  have n't seen / do n't know of any building built with this technology , at least at greece where i live . 
  we use another tech that uses metal bars that increase the pulse resistance of buildings , but still the pulse reaches the main building . 
  the japanese tech is such that most of the pulse does n't even reach the building , and thus it 's safer . 
  you are right on that japan has had more powerful earthquakes , at least recently . 
  the 2011 earthquake , that caused the tsunami had a magnitude of 9 . 
  as far as i remember , at least in recent history the mediterranean lands have n't had such a powerful one , but quakes of 8 point something have happened . 
  still , ` better safe than sorry ' i think . 
  not really . 
  ancient sources describe thracians as red-haired / green-eyed people . 
  they were also very independence-sensitive and they left thrace in 2 major migrations to escape foreign occupation , one when alexander went to conquer them , and another when romans went to do the same . 
  they are a lost civilization since then . 
  ok then . 
  if tomorrow some crazy chinese leader changes the name of china to vikingland and starts saying that they are the true vikings and nords and that norwegians where never related to vikings or nords , let it go away and recognize china as vikingland . 
  a true hd 60 fps video . 
  nice . 
  it is a name of an ancient non-greek kingdom that was situated at the geographical reason this country is today . 
  so they get an ancient name as they want , and greeks do n't have a reason to be offended . 
  why are they letting their olive trees die ? 
  actually i think we should adopt the tech the japanese use . 
  at japan you see earthquakes 8 + and their buildings do n't collapse . 
  if that was happening in italy or greece ... 
  better not think about it . 
  the japanese build a platform and upon that they place a building , suspended on huge suspensions that work pretty much like car suspensions , only much bigger . 
  same principle , different size . 
  so the suspensions absorb most of the tremble , and their buildings do n't fall . 
  genius . 
  some muslims , especially pakistanis , are too sensitive to this kind of things and they love to be at the spotlight . 
  they will riot for the weakest and most unimportant reason , they just love doing it . 
  since when the us is in the eu ? 
  easy to say , hard to practice . 
  how to jail a group of some thousands people on a square ? 
  sure . 
  it 's just that they both agree on that , and one is a rabi preacher so i thought it might be a dogma , as he often speaks for the religion and presents himself as an authority . 
  it depends on where you live . 
  where i live the defacement , insult , etc of national or religious symbols is illegal . 
  good . 
  if he was n't arrested , then muslims would want to serve justice themselves and there would be riots and probably lynching . 
  are you really an israeli ? 
  because there are some jewish pro-israel youtubers here , and they all are very against the muslim migrations in europe . 
  when i was a kid my parents used to tell me to not go outside the house because gypsies might kidnap me and kill me to sell my organs . 
  yes , and i am a greek and never heard any such curse about catalans . 
  the only ones who i remember attacking the empire are ottomans , crusaders , venetians , and bulgarians . 
  mostly the crusaders and the ottomans are talked about , because they did most damage .
