  from what i know the original race or tribe of `` turks '' that started the empire that went to the west , was indigenous to turkestan , that is today under control of the chinese country . 
  such people have bold asian features , and more specifically their eyes , like for example if you look at kazakhstan and uzbekistan , those people there are of turkish race / tribe . 
  in fact , the people there have protested and complained that the chinese do n't respect them as native peoples . 
  http://unpo.org/imgi/p/100.jpg most turks in the country of turkey look nothing like that . 
  your ancestors were probably turkified by these people , but it is very possible that your ancestors were local anatolians that lived in anatolia before the coming of these people , perhaps of hittite , greek , or roman origin . 
  i do n't get why people keep interviewing this guy . 
  because all interviewers ask him the same questions , to which he gives the same answers , so we do n't get to listen his perspective on anything new . 
  if you watch 2-3 of his talks or interviews , it 's like you have watched all of them . 
  the only country i ever thought that possibly could invade my country is turkey , and i never felt ` safe ' that other countries would join the fight with us against it , because if the other countries cared , perhaps they would have at least applied some sanctions to it for having an active casus belli ( cause of war ) against us , disputing our land , and continuously sending armed jets flying over our heads to intimidate and terrorize us . 
  we were left alone when mehmed ii besieged constantinupolis , and the allies kept their navy watching in 1922 as turks were butchering greeks at smyrna and my grandparents were jumping to the sea to swim to safety . 
  we were always alone in the acts of ottoman aggression , and perhaps we will always be , because turkey has an infinite stack of `` get out of jail for free '' cards . 
  not summer yet . 
  calendar-illy it will start in 3 days , and astronomically on the summer solstice ( 21 of june ) . 
  it exists in reality too ? 
  i remember playing a map at battlefield 3 with this . 
  the story of atlantis supposedly took place around this time ( at 9600 bc in particular ) . 
  the story says that at that time the atlantians discovered war and started invading other nations , and the gods punished it with a flood . 
  the interesting coincidence is that it 's the same time that the ice age ended , and as a result the altitude of the ocean was raised according to nasa 's website up to 125 meters . 
  with this fact in mind , one can realize that probably atlantis is based on a real story , and not only that , but that most probably there were many other cities that were also submerged under water too . 
  because humans did n't knew the flood was about to happen . 
  at these pieces that you see on the map as land and now there is sea , there were probably towns and villages of people living and i imagine thousands of people died ... 
  i do n't care who it belongs to . 
  the only thing i care is that if at some point of my life i have enough money , i 'd like to go there because there is a legend that the mythic hero bellerophon was buried there , and i want to do excavations ... of course everyone will tell you he never existed , but that 's what they also said about troy until schlieman following the descriptions of homer discovered it . 
  first of all take your chauvinism and stereotyping away . 
  ( you are greek , you hate probably hate albanians anyway ) . 
  it is off topic , and not even logical , how from what i said you get anti-albanian feeling ? 
  on topic : are you forgetting that those who orchestrated the revolution in ukraine was a ultra-nationalist far-right party , and that its goons started killing and lynching foreign people and mostly russian speakers ? 
  they also killed 7 of my countrymen , greeks , during that time , that they happened to be in ukraine . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbutmdwucp4 and they were on their way of ethnic cleansing , that only stopped because of russian intervention . 
  not only the russian minority , but all minorities in that place voted for not being a part of ukraine because ukrainian neonazis where butchering them with the new ukrainian government not doing anything to avoid it . 
  so how is that different from kosovo ? 
  did n't the serbians did similar things to albanians ? 
  tl ; dr : 1 ) the imf is not willing to be a part of the program because greece 's debt is unsustainable and it 's against its internal rules to give loans to countries with unsustainable debts . 
  2 ) the eu wants to keep giving loans to a country with unsustainable debt making its debt even bigger and thus even more unsustainable , while lying to everyone that it is sustainable , but also wants the imf to take part in it , so it 's not the only one that gets blamed when eventually greece defaults . 
  3 ) greek finmin practically says `` i will agree and sign on everything you tell me , just solve this issue you have with each other so we can continue pretending everything 's fine '' . 
  did n't read the whole article . 
  here are some comments on the portion of it that i read though : 1 chechens are foreigners to germany . 
  they must adopt to germany 's laws and ways , and if they do n't like it , they must leave . 
  2 is stealing phones still a thing in germany somehow ? 
  at greece it 's something that have stopped since the advent of smartphones , because smartphones have an imei , and can be traced geographically with an accuracy of + - 2 meters . 
  if someone steals your phone , the phone will signal were it is and the thieves will be found . 
  3 a willing authority can solve this issue . 
  have the police go door to door to all chechens and ask them questions . 
  sjws might say ` but this is discriminating ' and other such stuff , but if you want something to be done you have to do something . 
  you ca n't say that . 
  how is that true ? 
  this should n't matter and it 's not a legit excuse . 
  it 's a rule of nato to pay up 2 % . 
  members are supposed to follow the rules . 
  neither britain has an unfriendly neighbor , but it does pay up . 
  i do n't understand the double standards some of you people have . 
  nato removing kosovo from serbia is ok , but russians removing crimea from ukraine is somehow not ok . 
  wait , was n't chechnya a muslim country ? 
  yeah why the 23 out of the 28 are n't paying ? 
  greece is paying , and well , you know how bad its economy is . 
  so out of the 28 nato leaders only 10 are married ? 
  this city reminds me the good old days , so nice . 
  so you are telling me that these jackals went all the way from balkans to north germany and nobody else seen them in the process ? 
  weird . 
  yet he was a puppet that ruled the country , albeit for a little , that greeks did n't vote , and was instead chosen by eu + imf . 
  that makes some people to see him as a dictator and traitor . 
  you mean people who speak vlahic language ? 
  they exist . 
  but for the most part they live on small villages high up on mountains , so people living in cities that perhaps visit the islands for vacations , might have never seen them or heard them speaking vlahic . 
  i only once met a vlah , and that was because i had to travel in countryside for my military service . 
  otherwise perhaps i would never have met a vlah . 
  plus , the word ` vlah ' had evolved to be used for people living in the countryside , usually with older , more traditional ways , and they usually were putting their kids directly in family farming in the past , and did n't sent them to schools , so ` vlah ' became synonymous with `` country people that grow sheep and chickens and do n't go to school '' in general , even if they were speaking vlah or not , and it was used kind of pejoratively by urbanized people for some time . 
  eventually the general public started feeling that term ` vlah ' was negative , and someone rarely listens that word these days . 
  it 's even harder to meet a vlah , and even further harder to hear him speaking vlahic language . 
  so it does n't come as a surprise that apollonasx does n't know what you talk about . 
  the fact that you call these people ` aromanian ' and not ` vlah ' , maybe confused him even more . 
  discriminated ? 
  i hear all kind of different languages like albanian , arabic , chinese , and these aromanians seem to be the only ones who are not comfortable to speak their tongue in public . 
  i think that muslims dislike jews because of the creation of modern israel , and that the christians who dislike jews dislike them because of the banking system . 
  are there any other excuses / reasons ? 
  from what i understand it 's because of rothschild . 
  people assume that because he is the richest man , he governs the world , and that because he is a jew , that jews govern the world . 
  yet the jews i met are self-made . 
  they have got their properties by working and is not given to them for free by rothschild . 
  and from what i know rothschild is just keeping his money to himself instead of giving it to jews , and also rothschild does n't take orders from israel on what he does . 
  but some people 's minds are stuck and ca n't take the idea out . 
  you 've gone full retard , making things out of your ass there ha ? 
  are you a failed troll , or do you really live in an imaginal world of illusions ? 
  but greece should n't have taken these loans it took the last 7 years in the first place . 
  and greek people did n't wanted these loans and protested against them because they knew they wo n't be able to pay them back . 
  but screw greeks , they are just lazy people who want to live with other 's money , right ? 
  wait , was n't the newer austerity measures signed last week for that very reason ? 
  and do n't, 
  they do ? 
  you know what ? 
  initially i was kind of sympathetic towards kurds , because their situation in turkey reminded me of the ethnic cleansings done by turkey almost 100 years ago . 
  but a few days before i learned that back then the kurds happily joined the turks to carry out the ethnic cleansing of the assyrians in eastern turkey . 
  that makes me wonder ... why are there kurds today feeling they are not the same as turks , but 100 years ago kemal did n't considered kurds as ` foreigners ' , so he did n't ordered ethnic cleansing of their population , and kurds as if they were turks , joined the ethnic cleansing of non-turks . 
  could somebody explain to me why and when kurds and turks started seeing themselves so different , and fight each other ? 
  the ` spring ' might not have started by the west , but foreign interventions on domestic politics is never likened by a nation . 
  imagine this : if let 's say in your country , communists or neonazis started killing people and wanted to overthrow your country 's government , and then a foreign country invaded your country to bomb the neonazis or communists , to help them take control of your country , would you like it ? 
  if you do not support the faction that was helped , surely not . 
  but even you supported the faction that was helped , you might find the intervention convenient , but you will know that as the foreign power invaded last government , it might also do it again for the new government , because it does n't respect your people 's right and responsibility to decide its own fate . 
  perhaps i wanted to write this comment as a reply to some one else . 
  do you know why i think this happens ?
