  the mayor who starts speaking at 03:19 says : '' it has brought a big upheaval on the operation of my island . 
  we are surprized because nobody expected such ( high ) numbers of immigrants . 
  we try to get organized and face the situation . '', 
  but the eurozone wants to offer even less than what the imf estimated . 
  is that why all the bulgarians who had migrated in the 90s to greece , returned to their homeland after 2010 ? 
  what i see in this article too , is the half-truth technique . 
  greece 's pensions are higher than those of some other countries , but cost of life is too . 
  you ca n't make a conclusion about how poor or wealthy people are solely from how much they are paid , but you also have to factor in how much goods cost in each country . 
  and the latvian lady is wrong , the cost of life in greece is n't lower . 
  greece should legalise cannabis for growth . 
  new businesses ( coffee shops ) would open creating jobs , and a new wave of tourists would come to the country , the narcotourists . 
  so its the exact same proposal the eurozone gave to greece 2 weeks ago , that the greeks voted ` oxi ' for , with the only difference being that greece will cut 100 million euros from military expenditure instead of 400 millions . 
  was that such a big deal ? 
  what was the whole referendum about ? 
  i mean ... 
  i am greek and i am confused . 
  i was told to vote if i agree or not to a newer more austere austerity program , and that if i voted ` no ' , i would send the message that i do n't want austerity at all , and after i voted no , and no won , now tsipras sends a proposal to the eurozone that is 99 % the same as the one my people voted ` no ' for , with the only difference being less money cut from the military . 
  really ? 
  did all that worthed it ? 
  did the anxiety and stress and terror we 've been living the past 2 weeks , and the inability for pensioners to get their pensions , the freeze in the market , were all to not cut some generals from their positions or reduce their wages , while everyone else will have to dive deeper into povetry ? 
  the results of this ... tsipras will lose support from the ` anti-austerity ' crowd here . 
  next elections you will either see the official communist party winning the elections or the nationalist golden dawn . 
  just wait and see ... omg why do things have to only ever get worse and never better ? 
  but its very small , about 1 % or less . 
  if you are talking about the surplass of prime minister samaras last year . 
  and that came not because of growth , but because he delayed paying for some government expenses some months , so he in the numbers it looks like a surplus . 
  what stops russia ( their ships anyway ) to get to the mediterranean is not greece , but turkey , because they have to pass the narrow straight istanbul . 
  once they get to the aegean , its full of international waters . 
  yes , according to the article , because germany made a war . 
  perhaps greece should do one too . 
  are you living in a dream world ? 
  what syriza wants its an end to the failed policy of austerity that reduced greece 's gdp by 28 % , raised its debt to gdp ratio from 110 % to 180 % , and the unemployment rate from 9.5 % to 28 % . 
  to root out greece 's corruption ? 
  then they should help syrizza 's government to send half the people of pasok and new democracy parties to jail . 
  but wait , pasok and new democracy are the parties that support whatever the eu says , and the eu want to be ruling greece ... 
  who started it ? 
  and i thought i was the only one that was seeing a wave of antihellenism . 
  too bad 99 % of europeans who will read this article will force their minds to forget what it says after they finish reading it . 
  because in europe there is the brain washing propaganda that merkel , hollande etc , are angels executing god 's will , greeks are lazy and thieves , and tsipras is the devil . 
  greece is responsible for its high debt , yes . 
  but ` greece ' is too general . 
  me and probably you have nothing to do with it , and we are greeks . 
  it was certain politicians and rich greek businessmen who caused greece 's debt to be so damn high . 
  the responsibility of the troika is that the policy ( austerity ) it dictated and demanded from greece in exchange for the loans , is n't working . 
  the imf has already admitted this , it is european politicians who does n't , because that would damage their publicity and would end with their parties getting less votes whenever the next elections happen . 
  they pretend everything is ok and that greece / tsipras is a lier , to not lose their own votes . 
  some context please ? 
  can someone explain what was the talk about ? 
  please clarify what this ` help ' the greeks want is . 
  as for the terms , which practically are targeting to destroy greece 's economy with unlimited depression and turn it to congo ... qq, 
  the problem is n't that much the installments as is the austerity measures . 
  the austerity measures progressively destroy greece 's economy and reduce its gdp . 
  last 5 years of austerity reduced greece 's gdp by 28 % . 
  if that goes on in 10 years greece 's economy will be worse than congo 's . 
  it does n't matter if its a fascist country , a loan shark , or the bully from the highschool , not submitting to a more powerful one than you that wants to intimidate you , os in general something to be proud off and celebrate to . 
  what greek media reported was that putin called tsipras . 
  interesting . 
  no we do n't want them to give us more money . 
  in fact we did n't wanted them to give us money in 2010 and 2012 either , as we protested against it , because we knew that we could n't pay them back , but nobody listened . 
  what greeks hoped with the ` no ' on the referendum is that some austerity policies would be averted , so the greek market can start growing again , so new jobs will become available , so the unemployment rate falls . 
  for the same reason they celebrated ` no ' in 1940 when italy asked them to surrender to the axis powers . 
  it just shows lack of respecting constitutions . 
  this woman is named eleni louka . 
  she is known to everybody in greece for 2 decades . 
  she became popular by slandering against the pope upon his visit to greece because of the split of the two roman churches in the 5th century , and a rock n roll artist . 
  since then she has been camera-bombing all the time , and slandering celebrities to attract attention . 
  she is of the ` god hates fags ' crowd , an uber-conservative christian . 
  there are hundreds videos of her legacy in youtube : https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=eleni+louka, 
  yes , but remember : the very first bailout of greece by eu and imf in 2010 was in itself uncostitutional according to greece 's law anyway , and the eu and imf did n't gave a shit back then anyway . 
  greece did n't asked money to be given to the government to be used by the government . 
  it asked liquidity provided to its banks , so when greeks go to withdraw their deposits from the banks , the banks can give them back their money . 
  the global banking system works in a way that if everyone who has deposited money to the banks goes and asks to get his money back , they wo n't get them . 
  because banks give the money you deposit to them to others as loans . 
  but in case everyone who has deposits in the bank goes and to take his money back , the bank ca n't probably demand from everyone who took a loan to pay it back 100 % in one day , because that 's how loans work , when you get one you get in a program of slowly paying it back with installments . 
  to avoid such a phenomenon , the governments of the world decided that in that and only that case , the central bank has the right and the duty to print more money , and give these money to the banks that have the problem . 
  in a country that has its own currency that 's no problem , the country would just print more money , as the usa does . 
  but in the eurozone things are more complicated , because we have a common currency , and the european central bank . 
  thus normally , what the ecb should do is to print more euros , to give them to the banks that need them , but that would devaluate the euro , and the majority of the eurozone does n't want that . 
  and to avoid a devaluation , they want greece 's government to recieve these money as a loan , and have the greek taxpayers pay it back , with interest on top . 
  essentially the eurozone says that in order for greeks to be able to withdraw their deposits from the banks , they have to pay the banks the amount of the money they deposited to them a second time , through their taxes , and paying an interest rate on top of that . 
  yes , here it is : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5270_en.htm that 's what greeks voted for yes or no in the referendum . 
  on the bottom of that page there is a link to a pdf file that has the newer austerity measures listed . 
  no , the eu is not fail , extreme neoliberarism is a fail . 
  greeks should pay taxes . 
  the problem is that the austerity applied to greece overdone it with taxes , greece 's taxes were raised to such a high degree that instead of having greece being making more money ( gdp ) after the raises , it started making less money . 
  why ? 
  because raising taxes reduces the buying power of citizens , and the buying power of greeks was reduced so much that with the money they made they had to buy less things , which resulted in economic depression . 
  what economic depression means , is that the greeks reduced their spending so much , that the profits private businesses were making were so low the were n't profitable any more , and thus started shutting down , and firing people . 
  but who does a government collects taxes from ? 
  the businesses and the working people !, 
  so what happened in greece with austerity was that while each individual ( business and citizen ) was taxed with higher percentages , the total number of taxed businesses and citizens was lowered ( because of the reduction to buying power which in turn reduced buying and selling to the point greek businesses started shutting down rapidly ) to a much higher degree , resulting in reduced total money amount of tax collection for greece . 
  the argument is that even more austerity , would reduce the buying power of greeks even more , meaning greeks would spend less money , and an even greater number of businesses in greece would shut down , reducing the taxable individuals ( businesses and citizens ) even more , which would mean an even more reduced gdp for greece , and an even higher debt to gdp ratio . 
  and remember : the very problem austerity is supposed to solve is the high debt to gdp ratio . 
  austerity has been promoted as the solution to one problem : to bring balance between the expenses and earnings . 
  supposedly the austery in greece would make it so the expenses of greece are lowered , so in the end the earnings are more than the expenses . 
  that has been the projection of the imf and the eu . 
  the bad thing is that the projections ( and austerity ) failed . 
  because the austerity was so harsh that while indeed the expenses of the greek government were lowered , the policies had massive effect on the earnings too , and did more harm to the earnings than the expenses . 
  ( greece 's debt to gdp before austerity : 110 % , after austerity : 180 % ) the idea of cutting expenses is one kind of approach . 
  the other kind of approach is to boost earnings .
