  the measures were quite many pages , and the time the imf gave greece to decide the deal was quite short , so short parliamentarians did n't even had enough time to read the pages of the damn deal ... 
  so they basically voted for the deal without knowing what they were voting for ... 
  it turned out that with that deal greece became ` locked ' to the imf , and the imf got authorities that perhaps it should n't . 
  now as for greece 's public sector ... my main gripe with it is n't its size , but the laxity and laziness of public employees . 
  there is this weird law that i do n't like , that says that people who are employed in the public sector should not loose their jobs . 
  like your superior in the job ca n't fire you , if you are working on the public sector . 
  this law has lead to a culture of laziness in the public sector that i despise . 
  because many public workers are like ( since nobody is going to fire me , why bother doing my job properly ? ) . 
  so the main problem with greece 's public sector is that its workers have very low productivity . 
  if there were as productive as private workers , the public services would be so much better , so more functional and helpful to the citizens ... 
  so yes , there was a problem with a dysfunctional and oversized public sector . 
  but that 's not what raised our debt so high , neither what caused the market depression , and the high unemployment rates . 
  what raised greece 's debt too high , is mostly 2 things : 1 ) public spending . 
  but pay attention here : not spending as in giving very high pensions to pensioners , that the troika would have you to believe , but public spending as in , the minister going to a cafe and charging a 200 euros bill to the state for a single day out on the cafe ... 
  there have been numerous scandals of politicians over-charging the state , with siemens like scandals too . 
  the siemens scandal was just one of the many ... basically for stuff like infrastructure works etc , a minister would sign a contract with a private corporation secretly with ` unfair competition ' ways , but the private corporation would charge the government multiple times the normal price for their services . 
  in return , the private corporation would put a considerable amount of that extra money to the private banking account of the minister ... 
  corruption basically , at its purest form . 
  that way , greece 's government would pay for the construction of let 's say a single bridge , the equivalent money for 2,3,5 bridges ... and well , the debt would rise up higher than it should . 
  2 ) recapitalization of banks . 
  the greek government took loans of many billions from other banks , indebting greek citizens , to give that money to 4-5 private local banks . 
  a very unpopular move . 
  ideally yes . 
  but all that time the management of the whole story has been anything but ideal . 
  but but ... it 's counter productive !, 
  : o supposedly , the goal is for greece 's government to raise its profits , so it does n't have to be bailed out . 
  if raising the tax rates reduces consumption and sends businesses away so much that the government 's profits are reduced , there is no point in it . 
  perhaps . 
  but that 's fighting the symptom , not the disease . 
  it 's like couch syrup , not antibiotics . 
  i 've no problem with changes in the way the government works , or reducing beurocracy , or other similar stuff to make greece 's government spend less and also easier for businesses to operate . 
  but i think the tax raises that usually accompany austerity packs are bad . 
  :( for the reason i stated in my main comment . 
  i 'll tell you what i 'd do back in 2010 , where shit hit the fan and greece started applying austerity measures . 
  austerity measures are composed of two things : cuts on government spending , and raising up tax rates . 
  of these two , i 'd keep cutting down government spending , starting by the richest . 
  did you knew that the appointed ceo of greece 's public electricity company was getting paid 200.000 euros per month ? 
  instead of cutting the old lady 's pension from 600 euros to 400 euros , i 'd cut this motherfucker 's ( and to the others like him ) monthly salary to 10.000 euros per month . 
  still quite much though . 
  i 'd also cut the wages of public workers much . 
  i 'd also change the law that makes it so public workers ca n't be fired from their jobs . 
  yes , that 's right , in greece , once you become a public worker and start working for the government , the government ca n't fire you !, 
  this law has lead many public employees in greece to be lazy unproductive slackers . 
  since nobody can fire them , they barely work , and yet still get paid . 
  so i 'd change things so if someone is a slacker and is not as productive as he should be , he would loose his job . 
  but i would n't raise the taxes . 
  the raises in taxes are that caused all the negative things to happen in greek economy the last 7 years . 
  because raises to tax rates have the following effects in a globalized economy : 1 ) reduce the buying power of the citizens , leading to reduced consumption , and as a result to recession and eventually market depression , which translates to reduction of gdp . 
  2 ) make international corporations move their facilities to other countries with lower tax rates , leaving people behind without jobs . 
  since 2010 , 18 % of greece 's population lost its jobs because businesses moved to other countries with lower tax rates . 
  if these millions of people had n't lost their jobs , they would get income , and that income would be taxed , and the government would collect money out of it . 
  and maybe it would n't have to take loans , or at least it would only need to take smaller loans . 
  and if the consumption had n't dropped , again , businesses would make more money , which is always a good thing . 
  not really . 
  let 's say that greece 's debt is cut by half . 
  so what ? 
  would that bring new businesses in greece to power up growth ? 
  with such high tax rates , businesses will go to malta , bulgaria , or some other country with low tax rates . 
  the country with the lower taxes gets the most businesses , and the higher the amount of bussinesses there are , the higher the gdp a country has . 
  malta has 5 % business tax . 
  greece has up to 52 % business tax . 
  if you wanted to start a new business , would you open it at a country that takes 5 % out of your money , or 52 % ? 
  well guess which of the two countries have a better economy . 
  the one with the lower tax rates of course !, 
  it 's that simple . 
  there used to be companies in greece ... before austerity measures . 
  the unemployment rate was 9 % at 2009 . 
  now , after austerity measures , its 27 % . 
  here is what happened : the austerity measures basically elevated taxes quite much . 
  in an isolated economy perhaps this would have the desired effects , and bring more money to the government . 
  but we live in a globalized market . 
  so when greece started applying the new higher taxes , companies started fleeing greece for poorer countries with lower tax rates , leaving thousands of people without jobs behind . 
  with so high tax rates in greece right now , and with the german finmin wanting even higher tax rates in greece , there is absolutely no reason for a company to go to greece . 
  the opposite is more logical to happen , and even more companies will leave greece for other countries with newer tax hikes . 
  after all , the goal of companies is to maximize profits . 
  of course it would , was there anyone who did n't expected it ? 
  from 1 / 1 / 2017 even newer austerity measures were added on top of the already existing . 
  and every time new austerity measures are applied , the gdp falls some amount . 
  i 'd expect everyone would knew this by now , as it has been happening for 7 years now each time newer austerity measures applied . 
  and why it happens is pretty simple : the more expensive something is , the less people will buy it . 
  raise in taxes , raises end prices . 
  from one point and on , the taxes elevate the price of a good or service so much , people stop using it en mass because it 's too damn expensive . 
  and in the end less profits are gained . 
  because although the amount of tax money per individual sale the government collects is higher , the overall number of sales go so much down that the government ends up collecting less tax money overall . 
  and that is the main argument anti-austerity people have against austerity . 
  actually the church became a public service owned by the government and ran by the political power , from the moment it became official , by emperor constantine of the roman empire . 
  why not the best of both worlds ? 
  in many greek restaurants , at least in greece , there is a variation of souvlaki that is called `` cotobacon '' . 
  it has small pieces of chicken wrapped with fried bacon . 
  it rocks !, 
  xd the word gyros and gyroscope come from the root gyr - which means rotation . 
  so gyros meat is named like that because it is placed on a large stick that rotates , and well , gyroscopes rotate too !, 
  it 's interesting . 
  because here , when they say they sell kebap , what they sell is lamb ` meatballs ' , although they do n't have a ball shape , but a long shape . 
  but gyros is n't made with minced meat , but whole pieces of meat . 
  i thought that it kind of goes against the value of freedom of speech . 
  but then again , i 'm from greece , which tolerates a stalinistic communist party , and a neonazi party for the shake of freedom of speech . 
  but to they do such things ? 
  if they do , she is innocent . 
  since when telling the things as they are and not trying to hide reality is a bad thing ?
