  you think i do n't feel bad for the people living where you wrote ? 
  and not only there , but also syria , iraq , africa ... 
  thats what a few documentaries i watched on the banking system said . 
  you obviously have no class . 
  thank you dear scottish people !, 
  a large proportion of greece 's debt is odious , as it was generated by corruption deals the previous greek governments did with certain local rich overlords . 
  nobody has faced law consequences because the corrupted governments of the past passed a law giving immunity to people that are or had been in the government , and controlled the justice system so the judges do n't bring to justice the business overlords either . 
  the common sentiment of the greek people on that is that the rich corporate overlords should go to jail , and that the government should seize their wealth and sell it , to make up for the losses , and use that money to pay back the debt . 
  plain and simply , the imf and eu 's plan is not working as intended , and not only that , but its counter-productive , something that the imf has already officially accepted , but the eurozone officials are too stubborn to accept that the policy they implied to greece failed , because that would effect negatively the percentage of votes that their parties will get next elections . 
  since it was the imf and eu who came up with the saving plan for greece that in practice destroyed the greek economy instead of saving it ( look at greece 's gdp , debt to gdp , and unemployment rates now and 5 years ago proves that ) , they hold the responsibility for how greece 's economy deteriorated in the past 5 years , and its a huge responsibility they do n't want to admit . 
  because simply put , greece 's debt is too damn high to be paid back in full , and if it does n't get shortened , then greece will just default , and the losses will be even greater , and that will be even worse for the countries that gave greece the loans . 
  but the eurozone ministers risk it , they drive things in a way so that their own countries will end up losing even more money if this extending and pretending keeps more , for the shake of not losing now their seats and votes , because oh power is so sweet !, 
  the vast majority ( 90 % ) of the money that the imf and eu indebted to greece went to paying back older debts , and recapitalizing greek banks . 
  because the global banking system works in such a way that it loans 10 times more money than it has deposits , and thus if people stop taking loans from a bank , then this bank wo n't be able to pay the deposits of the depositors back to the depositors . 
  greeks after 2008 's bank crisis that had lehman bros closing , got scared and stopped taking loans , which would lead the banks to bankruptcy . 
  for the banks to not close , the greek government since then has been systematically getting foreign loans to recapitalize the banks again and again , launching the debt higher and higher . 
  but the average greek feels cheated , because he has already deposited his money to the banks , and to be able to take his money back he has to pay to the banks 2 and 3 times his deposits , through the loans that the greek government has been taking . 
  in fact the way the banking system not only in greece , but in all of the western world works , is a scum . 
  in any western country , if its people stopped taking loans and wanted to withdraw their deposits , they would n't get them . 
  because the banks are like that . 
  that proves that its not a matter of nations vs nation as the collective far right of europe wants us to believe . 
  it is instead a matter of certain policies vs other policies , and because of that people on germany , austria , britain and elsewhere , gather to central places of their cities to protest against these policies . 
  you ca n't get what i am saying , i 'm sorry . 
  different culture . 
  what i did was to collect a few images to show how the policies are effecting everyday life . 
  so should we hide the truth and censor it ? 
  you are ignorant , because you do n't take in mind a variety of factors such as the cost of life . 
  you get paid 230 euros a month , while i get paid 400 euros a month . 
  but where i live because of the austerity taxes a litre of milk costs 1.5 euros , and where you live it costs 0.85 euros , a loaf of bread here costs 0.8 euros , there 0.45 euros , a kilo of cheese here costs 8 euros , there 4 euros , a lockal transport ticket here costs 1.2 euros , there it costs 0.66 euros , a litre of gasoline here costs 1.7 euros , there 1.3 euros , and i could go on ... 
  the buying powers we both have are not that much different now , indeed . 
  because the higher numbers in our wages are balanced by the higher cost of life . 
  yet it is true that i do not see you crying , but there is a difference : you are how you are now , but you were only worse before . 
  we are in the same position you are now , but we were way better before . 
  and we would n't if there were n't the austerity measures . 
  and the fact that the austerity measures failed their single and only goal witch was to reduce the debt to gdp ratio , ( at 2010 it was 110 % , and following the austerity policies it is now 185 % ) means that we are suffering for nothing , that there is no purpose for us to go through this bad situation , as plainly and simply , austerity does n't reduce a country 's debt , but its gdp . 
  and its harder for us . 
  because lots of your people left your country and went to other countries . 
  but most of my people love the land they were born at so much that they will prefer to stay and die here , than leave . 
  why the downvoting on the thread ? 
  before ( or after ) downvoting , please let me know why . 
  it was more limited and less exaggerated . 
  7 years ago there would be 1 out 10 persons considered ` poor ' in greece , and that person would be in no position to have a smartphone , or hang along outside with other people as often as others or have a computer in the house , and would be seen wearing old clothes . 
  but even the poor would have enough money to pay for basic food , electricity , telephone . 
  nowdays 4 out of 10 people in greece are considered ` poor ' . 
  and the poor of nowdays , ca n't even pay for their food and services , and survive by help of others like family , friends , soup kitchens ... 
  greece should follow iceland 's model . 
  interesting not that much known fact : the oligarchs who own greek media ( and other kinds of corporations ) have been involved in corruption scandals in the past . 
  together with the governments of pasok and new democracy , for the past 30 years they have been stealing public money of greece . 
  a considerable amount of greece 's debt comes from outright crime and corruption . 
  and none of them was ever taken to jail because the governments of pasok and new democracy controlled the justice system . 
  the oligarchs are afraid that the government of tsipras might one day bring them to justice , and have their wealth confiscated to make up for the money they 've been stealing from the government the last 30 years . 
  some of us greeks are even thinking that tsipras might be assassinated . 
  it does n't matter if she did or not, 
  what i am saying is that if there is a certain policy that grows greece 's debt to gdp ratio ad infinitum while the single purpose of it was to do the exact opposite and reduced it , this policy should be abolished . 
  older greek people are nostalgic and do n't care enough to get involved to lern how to use the internet or computers . 
  their main way of entertainment and information are mainstream tv channels , that are in corporate groups that are owned by 5 ` oligarchs ' . 
  in these corporate groups are also other kind of businesses , like infrastracture construction services etc. 
  the oligarchs are corrupted and for years have been making dirty deals with members of the greek governments , to have the greek governments directly assign works that are needed to be done for the state , and in exchange the oligarchs would overcharge the greek government by pricing their services 10 , 20 , 30 times higher than the standard prices of the industry , and in return the additional profits would be shared with the politicians that would make these deals reality . 
  this has been happening for the past 3 decades , with the governments of the two major parties , pasok and new democracy . 
  and no oligarch ever had a jury , because the corrupted governments controled the justice system . 
  the party of tsipras has never been before in power , and thus has no ties with the oligarchs . 
  the oligarchs are afraid that tsipras might bring them to justice , and demand the money stolen from the greek government the past 30 years to be returned . 
  thus the oligarchs wants tsipras to go away as soon as possible . 
  and they have their media propagating a ` yes ' vote 24/7 , so tsipras will resign , so he wo n't have the time to bring them to justice . 
  younger greeks though like technology and love it . 
  they spend more time browsing the internet than watching tv . 
  and through the internet , they get alternative independent information , and learn about things that tv stations hide . 
  greece used to be quite productive . 
  it was a crops and farming giant , but you know what happened ? 
  maastricht treaty happened . 
  do you know what this treaty says ? 
  it forces each country to have limits in production . 
  that practically means that if a producer produces more than the percentage limit , he ca n't sell the additional produce . 
  the maastricht treaty signed in 1992 killed greece 's biggest industry , and forced the majority of our farmers to abandon their farms and change their profession . 
  and what the majority of them looked for was to open small retail stores . 
  you ca n't expect a 50yr old farmer to go to school and university all over again and spend years to become to a scientist , and start a new carrier in his 60s . 
  how is he going to feed his family all that time ? 
  and greece 's small retail stores were devastated because of the combination of the euro and internet expansion . 
  the euro globalized the market openning up the competition way to much , and internet made it rather easy for everyone to import stuff from other countries , for way smaller prices , and thus the internet and the euro killed small retail stores too . 
  the eurozone is like a modern marie antoinette , when people say `` there is no bread '' , it answers `` eat cake then '' . 
  my dear man , greece 's debt to gdp ratio was 110 % at 2010 before the austerity measures . 
  the austerity measures launched that to 185 % . 
  and yet you say you want greece to pay back its debt , and to keep the austerity , and expand it even more . 
  is n't it obvious that he larger greece 's debt to gdp ratio becomes , the less are the chances for greece to be able to pay back its debt ? 
  the ideology of fascism is that might makes right . 
  and people with fascist ideologies used coups and brute force to overthrow elected governments and rise to power . 
  thus trying to overthrow an elected government is a feature of fascism . 
  please since you are a brit , listen to nigel farage . 
  he speaks a lot of truth when it comes to the eu . 
  have n't you heard lagarde 's announcement from yesterday ? 
  where she says that greece 's debt is unsustainable as varoufakis has been saying since he became minister , and the eurogroup ministers who also new of this pretended to the public that greece 's debt is sustainable , just to force tsipras to a dead end and to resign because they do n't like him . 
  and please , stop being making assumptions and accusations based on nothing . 
  and thousands of others suicided because of what they austerity measures brought to their lives , but there are no pictures of all of them . 
  another one shot his head under this tree , becoming a hero . 
  here is a man who ignited himself http://lh4.ggpht.com/-fviabwk7wlo/tnnazv6h-0i/aaaaaaaabs8/vvzrqufeowa/aftopirpolismos%252520trapeza%252520peiraios%252520160911%25252029_thumb%25255b2%25255d.jpg?imgmax=800, 
  trying to overthrow an elected government is fascism . 
  this is progress . 
  since the austerity measures started , people started to suicide outside of banks . 
  moving from suicides to cries , is progress . 
  the greek pension funds lost lots of money because they had invested in greek government 's bonds that got ` haircutted ' .
