  of the loans greece took the last 5 years from imf + eu , some was given to pay back older loans because the new ones had lower interest rates , other amount of money was given freely to greek private banks for their recapitalization , ( recapitalization = when a bank steals the depositor 's deposits and does n't have the money to give him when he asks them back , so someone else is giving money to the bank to pretend that the bank never stole the money ) , and another smaller part ( about 10 % ) were spent for actual services of the greek government . 
  but if you ask how greece 's debt became so high that it was needed for it to join the imf and recieve a haircut in the first place , then yes , a great deal is because of corruption . 
  politicians of the government would make secret deals with uber-rich businessmen to rig contests so infrastructure works , and military equipment are assigned to the rich businessmen 's corporations , and in return the businessmen would overprice their goods or services 5,10 , even 20 times higher than the standard industry prices , for the shake of then splitting the extra money with the politicians who would take part in rigging the contests , while over indebting the state . 
  a large amount of greece 's debt is odious . 
  omg read some plato . 
  yet it was idealism that banned monarchies and gave birth to democracy . 
  it was idealism the idea that education should be free for everyone . 
  it was idealism women 's equality with men . 
  it was idealism to ban slavery . 
  greece 's debt to gdp ratio right before troika 's ` help ' : 110 % greece 's debt to gdp ratio after 5 years of troika 's ` help ' : 170 % --------------------------------------------------------------------------- greece 's unemployment rate before troika 's ` help ' : about 10 % greece 's unemployment rate after 5 years of troika 's ` help ' : about 30 % ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- greece 's gdp after 5 years of troika 's ` help ' : -25 % ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- / thread, 
  except when politicians lie . 
  which is all the time . 
  cut it . 
  no political party above , really ? 
  it was organized by the party new democracy , with parliamentarians of it like georgiadis leading it . 
  when we started to fight against the ottoman empire , we all the people of south europe wanted to make national states like north-western europe . 
  but the idea of national states was foreign to us , because we were for 400 years in an empire ( ottoman ) and before that to another empire ( byzantine ) , and before that to another ( roman ) and we never had such government organization before . 
  trying to copy north europeans we decided to copy what they were doing , and split ourselves to nations . 
  and the only two things that were taken to account for nation splitting was religion in the beggining , and then language . 
  so early on anyone that would be a muslim would be called turk , even if he was not from a turkic tribe . 
  we , the people who are in the balkan peninsula today , only split ourselves to nations later on , with language being the only consideration . 
  this map is very confusing . 
  first of all it has ` italic ' , ` greek ' and ` graeco-roman ' in three different groups . 
  italians and greeks have been living for like 1500 years under the same roof ( roman empires ) that they coined the phrase `` una facia una razza '' which translates to `` one face , one race '' , because we got so much mixed with each other its hard to tell one from another from the face . 
  it would make way more sense to just include ` greek ' and ` italic ' in ` graeco-roman ' on the same group . 
  could somebody enlight me for the difference between french and franks ? 
  i thought they were the same . 
  they are going to take your homes and you will be thankful they let you live . 
  depends on how you measure wealth . 
  its common for people who work here to be getting 400 euros a month , and some pensioners take even less . 
  well bulgarians get in leva the equivalent of 350 euros from what i heard , but in bulgaria everything is cheaper than it is in greece too . 
  so many bulgarians have a higher purchasing power than greeks . 
  we ca n't really do anything more for it . 
  turkey is letting traffickers pass people to greece daily , and then it does n't take them back . 
  greece records their names and then lets them do what they want . 
  they travel to the border of the country , which is closed , and they just stand there . 
  i wonder though why they want to pass through fyrom at any cost , and they do n't just walk some more kilometers to pass through albania or bulgaria , that still have their borders open . 
  the truth is that it would n't matter . 
  our borders are open any way and whoever wants can come from one country to the other . 
  no the argument isnt stupid . 
  macedonians were an ancient tribe of hellenic people , and all the different tribes of hellenic people joined a single nation thousands of years ago . 
  then there are some slavic people who migrated to an area that used to be called paeonia , and while they neither live on macedonia , neither they are related to the ancient greek tribe , they want to be named after it . 
  it 's as if the chinese started to call their country apachia and themselves apache without them being related to native americans or even living at america at all . 
  and the irony is that in general we have no problem with slavic people . 
  we actually like them . 
  but this particular bunch of slavs is just stupid . 
  and the worse part is that they are inventing a whole other version of distorted history , complete with conspiracy theories and scape goating to support that . 
  no they are not . 
  their country is situated on the ancient region of paeonia , not macedonia . 
  it means slenderland . 
  seriously . 
  macedon is a greek word meaning ` slender ' . 
  or they have an automated machine that makes them . 
  some , ( many ) did got to work on the public sector , and greece 's public sector was bigger than it should , i do n't disagree with that . 
  and i would n't have a problem with the government firing public sector workers that are not needed . 
  what i disagree with is the over-taxation of everything , which leads to the destruction of private sector businesses . 
  the higher the taxation percentage the lower the money left to spend , and the lower the money left to spend the lower the buying power too . 
  at some point if you raise taxation way too much , it just leaves not enough money to spend , and that leads to reduction in demand ( depression ) which means forclosures , which in the end reduce the actual tax budget the government gets . 
  from a point and on the tax percentage is inversely proportional to the sum a government collects from taxes , because it damages so much the market that even though the percentage each business is taxed with is bigger , there are far less businesses to collect a tax from . 
  as for the politicians , they should n't be gone . 
  they should be called by justice , and thrown at some dungeons to rot , while the state confiscates their wealth to make up for the losses . 
  i mean come on , in the case of greece at least , the running governments have been elected with lies for quite some time . 
  promising stuff to people , doing 180 degree turns once they get elected . 
  it 's not just tsipras . 
  this has been going on and on for quite some time . 
  that 's not democracy . 
  well not really . 
  democracy is n't just about electing someone , its about having the will of the majority rule . 
  and well that has n't been the case for quite some time in gr . 
  and that is just one side of the coin , there is also another which involves government people stealing money from the government 's funds and reserves and never being judged for it . 
  billions have vanished , and its always the fool , the commoner , who pays the bill . 
  now i do n't want the eu to dump money . 
  in fact since 2012 there have been protests in greece against taking more loans from the eu . 
  you see , that 's what you do n't get . 
  its not like we want to take your money but do n't follow any rules for doing it . 
  but we do n't want your money . 
  because a ) we know our country does n't have the capacity to pay such a big debt and do n't want you to lose more of your money . 
  b ) we ( the citizens ) barely see any benefit , anything positive in our lives from our government taking all these money , as they are not spend on infrastructure , or spend in any way that would be directly helpful to citizens , but about 90 % to 95 % of the money are spent to the recapitalisation of banks ( ie funding private corporations ) . 
  c ) our quality of lives become worse as the measures required are lowering the buying power . 
  so what is going on ? 
  we have a government that is taking your money and is giving them to some banks against our will , that drops the weight of paying these money back to us ( not to the banks that got the money ) , tells us that it wo n't agree with any measures , yet it agrees with the eu that it will apply measures that are all over the place and end up doing more harm than good , and starts applying them one by one slowly boring everyone to death and making you wonder if its actually going to apply them or decided not to . 
  so you see , i hope you can now see through my perspective . 
  the measures does n't make much sense to begin with . 
  they are intensifying economic depression , and the excuse for having to pass through this is that some banks need more money , and because they do n't get enough by charging interest at people 's loans , we will be forced to pay the banks the money they are missing for infinity through loans that our governments get against our will . 
  what does the us have to do with it ? 
  why does it even concern them ? 
  before 2008 greece 's debt was 75 bn euros . 
  since then the government of greece has been taking loans to give away the money to local private banks , and yes the debt was sliced , but all these billions were n't spent on the public sector , they were n't given to people , they were given to just 5 ( ! ), 
  in total banks . 
  yet i have the eu telling me what to do ( and not to the banks ) , and people like you telling me here how great they are for ` saving ' me . 
  you know what 's my personal opinion ? 
  if those private businesses f@cked up , let them face the consequences . 
  why should the government save and bail out any private corporation ? 
  why should i be forced to pay taxes to save someone else 's private business ? 
  and have misinformed people from around europe telling me how bad i am for using their money ( their what ? ), 
  and how great they are , all the time . 
  well i never got 1 euro from you , not from my government , i live by working in the private sector , i never took a loan ... 
  yet i am asked to be paying lots , and my country 's freedom has been compromised since a foreign power dictating how we live . 
  so eu = loss of freedom , blame + paying up for else 's failing private businesses . 
  me do n't like .
