  and earnings are boosted with growth . 
  so this approach says that greece has to start to earn more money . 
  but to do so it needs more businesses running and people working . 
  jobless people do n't get an income , and thus do n't pay taxes . 
  and 28 % of greece 's population are jobless . 
  for more businesses to open in greece and be making enough money to sustain themselves and contribute to the local economy , the buying power of the average greek needs to rise somewhat , because as it is now the collective buying power of the greeks is n't enough to support a bigger number of businesses . 
  and greece needs lots of new businesses to start be getting increased earnings . 
  i heard it is about 60 % . 
  personally , when i went to vote , i saw fewer people in comparison to national elections . 
  the fact that it takes place in summer is a considerable factor . 
  i know fellow greeks who would rather spend the day at the beach . 
  many greeks have completely lost hope on politics and think that everything that happens is staged . 
  the media are terrorizing people to vote for ` yes ' , telling them that if ` no ' wins , greece will be kicked out of the euro , banks will never open again , there will no be food , drugs and gasoline anymore , people will be turned to caniballs and start eating each other to survive , etc. . . scare tactics has been so clear and powerful this week , that about 100 people went outside 2 of the mainstream tv stations ( mega and skai ) and protested against fear mongering . 
  and imagine that the ` no ' wins , then the troika changes the wording , some punctuation , and offers it as a new deal that tsipras signs . 
  this article uses the half-truth technique , to drive assumptions . 
  the other half part of the truth is that at the government of karamanlis secretly invested the reserves of greece 's pension funds to toxic shares , which lead to the pension funds loosing 85 % of their reserves . 
  meaning they were left with only 15 % of the money they had . 
  and after a few years , the haircut damaged them even more , because the pension funds had invested in greek government bonds that got cut . 
  greece 's pension system used to be one of the best working ones . 
  greece used to be a queen in production . 
  but then maastricht happened . 
  greece needed reforms imo , but not that kind of reforms . 
  basically , the reforms that the eu and imf have been saying greece has to do , are of 3 types : 1 . 
  abolition of worker 's rights . 
  according to the troika , growth will come the abolition of things like being paid based on the total amount of hours that you work , and instead they say that having laws that allow the business you work on to always pay you a fixed salary , no matter if you work 8 , or 16 hours a day is a good thing . 
  another reform abolishes the law that said that a business is obliged to give a compensation to someone that gets fired . 
  what this have lead to , is to have businesses hire people for a month , then fire them without paying them a single euro , and hire new people to do the same with them . 
  so businesses get their job done without paying anybody , and people work for free one month and then are sent back to their homes to be unemployed again . 
  its a bit like slavery , as you work without getting paid , and the difference is that you are not owned by someone . 
  other type of reforms is for greece to privitaze public services . 
  this is the kind of reforms greece resist most to . 
  the troika says that this is good , but if greece privatizes some certain public services , there will be private monopolies , and that will launch prices of certain services way too high . 
  when a private business is the only one offering something to the market , it can and will price its product to a ridiculous high price . 
  another type of reforms has to do with social help to people in need . 
  it says that greece should n't offer medical treatment for example , to poor people that have no money . 
  that has lead to a tragic situation the past years , were people would die from things that are curable for more than a century , because they ca n't afford treatment . 
  this becomes a very huge problem if 28 % of your country 's people are unemployed , and thus without money . 
  corruption has indeed played a huge role in the size of greece 's debt . 
  most of it is odious . 
  there have been numerous scandals regarding public and other money theft in the past , and i ca n't possibly write about all of them here . 
  the thing is that troika 's reforms does n't battle corruption . 
  those who over-indebted greece with corruption , are members of the two major greek parties of the past , pasok , and new democracy , that the troika has been cooperating with the past 5 years . 
  those repsonsible for the debt burden because of corruption are still free and have n't faced any consquences . 
  because as long as they were governing , they injected to the greek constitution a law that gives them immunity . 
  they made it so the law itself is n't applicable to them by law . 
  and for them to be brought to justice , a new reform of the constitution is needed , and for that to happen it needs 60 % of votes in the parliament , that the current government does n't have . 
  the corruption lords of greece have stolen several billions of euros from greece . 
  just one scandal , the 1999 's athens stock exchange scandal , was about a theft of money that equals to 96.5 billions of euros that were taken to off-shores . 
  in 1999 96.5 billions were removed by the greek economy with theft , and those who stole them are still walking free . 
  and there are many other incidents like this . 
  if greece was let to progress normally , without corruption overlords stealing away money from it and over indebting the state , greece 's gdp right now would be double , and the debt way shorter . 
  africans are living pretty well ? 
  seriously mate ? 
  i see . 
  it is generally appalling to be seing people in need not recieving help . 
  it is also for the people who get slaughtered by isis in syria , the africans ... now regarding eu , the problem is that the mainstream politicians have decided to move toward that direction , federalization of europe and transformation of it to a use , but the people of europe where never asked if they wanted to lose their independence . 
  because the eu started as something very different , and its promise was rather different back then . 
  the way actions have been taken for further and further unification and federalization of europe is a ridiculous mess . 
  we are still people who feel belonging to unique nations , speak different languages , have different customes , cultures , but at the same time we can travel from one place to the other without a passport , we use the same currency , and we have to accept laws and rules decided by foreign people , far away from ` our ' respective lands . 
  but there are problems with uniting a continent in such a way , and that is because at different geographical areas of the continent , reality is different , and quite often policies that would be ok and make sense to one part of the continent , would be stupid in another . 
  but the power of the eu politics is concentrated to the central european countries , and the borderline , periphery countries often feel that their problems and local conditions are ignored . 
  if you take a map of europe and have a look at which are the countries that lie on the borders of the eu and the continent , you will discover an apalling reality . 
  the most northern country , iceland had problems , britain feels it has nothing to earn from the eu too , at the east side you have romania and bulgaria that are the poorest countries of the eu , at the south you have greece , italy , spain , that not only have had economic problems , but also unbalanced immigrant importation , at the western border , portugal and ireland also has problems . 
  while if you look at the center , germany , france , holland , belgium , switzerland , are in way better conditions . 
  ignorance is not an insult . 
  a human ca n't possibly know absolutely every single piece of information about every single matter and thing in the world . 
  not only the human brain ca n't hold so many info , but to get there one would need to be spending hundreds of years reading books . 
  so everyone is ignorant at something . 
  perhaps the things each human is ignorant at are different , but for every single human there are matters that he is ignorant about . 
  its because in ` austerity ' lots of tax raises where included . 
  tax raises that raised greece 's tax rates considerably higher than the tax rates of other countries . 
  if you had lots of money and you wanted to start a business that produces something , where would you build your factory ? 
  to a place where your business 's earnings will be taxed 35 % or to a place where you will be taxed 28 % ? 
  want a real life example ? 
  the coca cola company used to have a factory in greece , that covered the production of not only greece , but also the balkan countries and cyprus . 
  in less than a year since the first austerity deal was agreed , coca cola migrated to bulgaria , leaving the greeks who worked on it unemployed . 
  it would be stupid to blame the us . 
  the us had no say in greece 's debt and economics , it did n't dictate any economic policy to greece . 
  if obama had followed the european trend back in 2008 , and applied austerity in the us for supossedly decreasing the debt , america would be in the same situation as greece today . 
  instead obama invested in growth , and the us of a moved along the foreclosure of lehman bros with minimum consequences . 
  the us stands as a good example on the way it handled the financial crisis , but unfortunately many in europe have tunnel vision . 
  the problem with cyprus is that any propositions for it to become one country , had clear distinctions between grecocypriots and turkocypriots . 
  you ca n't build a nation out of two seperate ethnicities with a constitution that divides its people to two different ethnicities and places different standards for each ethnicity . 
  the only way for cyprus to ever become a single country , it is for there to stop being a distinction between turkocypriots and grecocypriots , and to only be cypriots . 
  at least in the constitution and the way they are treated by law . 
  what i 've been getting through the internet is that while a rather small portion of americans get to know what is happening with greece in europe , those who do , are rather greek-friendly and sympathetic , unlike many european people on the internets . 
  i guess it is because they are n't immidiately involved , and thus have an unbiased opinion . 
  because finding greeks and germans , and other people from eu who are not biased is hard . 
  throughout many eu countries there is a bad stereotype for greek people circulating , and at greece there are many who paralelize the eu with the persian empire , the nazi empire ... 
  in general the empires that invaded greece . 
  mind you , the eu , the euro , maastricht treaty , european constitution , all these things were forced to greeks , and no referendums for any of these happened there , unlike some other eu countries that had referendums for these . 
  many greeks see the eu as a villain empire , and the politicians who got them to it as traitors . 
  on the other hand , media from central eu pick up the large unemployment rate of greece that is caused by the depression of its market caused by the austerity measures , and to pretend that austerity is n't that bad after all say that the unemployment rate is so high because ... greeks are lazy . 
  i see scape goating from both the eu and greece . 
  which is kind of sad . 
  great . 
  the us congress blames the imf , the imf blames the eurozone , the eurozone blames tsipras , tsipras blames both the imf and eurozone . 
  i do n't say that there are n't worse conditions elsewhere . 
  that would be stupid . 
  you are making an argument against an issue i did n't even refered to .
