  my sister did ? 
  who did the fraud ? 
  select greek politicians behind the curtain without the people knowing , along with bankers from goldmann sachs . 
  the names of the people responsible have been publicized , and they are less than 50 people who did the great heist , and stole eu 's money , but placing the debt on the shoulders of average greek citizens , who hav to pay back money they never saw . 
  yet instead of blaming the persons in particular that did the fraud , you offload the blame to an entire nation . 
  that right there is bigotry dude . 
  thing is , now that we let them pass , they blame us because we let them pass . 
  if we did n't , everyone would say we are racist and evil . 
  no matter what choice we do , we will get blamed . 
  look a man who wants his fellow men to be shot and die , only to boost his nationalist ego . 
  i pity you . 
  no more ` help ' . 
  please . 
  we dont want more ` help ' from the eu . 
  every time the eu says it will ` help ' greece , something bad happens to greece . 
  thats ridiculous . 
  dont they feel embarashed asking this mambo jumbo from greece ? 
  are they for real or is this some kind of a comedy ? 
  do n't you see ? 
  its anti-hellenism . 
  greeks are the new jews . 
  the bulgarians that used to live in greece as economic immigrants have left and went back to their countries years ago . 
  the average person gets about the same amount of salary , 400 ~ 500 euros a month . 
  the difference is that everything in bulgaria is cheaper . 
  with the austerity measures greece is an odd place were you get paid bulgaria level salaries yet prices on everything are between france - uk levels . 
  making life too expensive . 
  i know some people that only eat bread and survive out of bread and water . 
  fortunately to my family its only 2-3 days of the week that we do n't have food , so i 'm thankful because we could be in a worse position . 
  according to the calendar at december 1 . 
  the december 21 date is according to astronomy . 
  somehow media seem to think that europe = european union . 
  here are some greek instruments : cretan lyra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe8yfrjgy7w pontic lyra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwsif5xrlse ancient lyra : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bewwi7pe1xs double flute : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reqgsyuzqki bouzouki : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpyefddc3nk, 
  ` syrians ' are mixed and have many colors . 
  among ` syrians ' are assyrians , arabs , kurds , and turkmens living . 
  but he is not a dictator . 
  he was voted . 
  of course . 
  and it was kind of expected , really . 
  the world for some reason always acts blind when turkey does something it is n't supposed to . 
  turkey is one of the handful of countries in this world that is free to break any international rule or law it wants without ever facing consequences or even bad press . 
  do n't worry , the dark powers of reddit downvote me too for writing what i wrote . 
  some dont want the truth of actual facts to be shared it seems . 
  on topic : imo the jet shootdown is in retaliation for russia bombing the convoy of isis that was transferring stolen iraqi oil to turkey , last week . 
  you 've lost some episodes . 
  back in summer turkey was supporting isis by bombing kurds in syria that were resisting isis , which is what lead to some kurds situated in turkey to start terror attacks at turkey . 
  and just a few days ago russia unveiled with images taken by their jets that isis has been selling oil stolen from iraq to turkey , meaning turkey is supporting isis financially for cheap stolen oil . 
  this happened a week after russia publiced images of isis convoy of tanker trucks moving oil they stole from iraq to turkey , for turkey to buy it . 
  last week russia unveiled that turkey has been financially supporting isis by buying stolen iraqi oil . 
  i do n't think its a coinsidence . 
  turkey has been violating greek , syrian , and iraqi airspaces for decades . 
  but i guess its only bad when others do it , when turkey does the same thing its allright , right ? 
  saw the video at channel 4 's facebook some hours ago , but they removed it . 
  the news story itself seems and sounds unbelievable . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  and telehraph 's article is full of rubbish . 
  it says it was full of syrians . 
  thats not true . 
  at least a family of them are afghans . 
  and you can immediately tell an afghan from a syrian because afghans have slanted asian eyes . 
  also this is obviously not a single video , not the film of a single camera , but an edit with mix of different cameras and different ships . 
  i can testify that the boat with the man using the boat hook is of the greek coast guard , which is recognizable by its decoration of blue and white stripes . 
  but then the video shows camera of military infra-red sensors , which ca n't be footage of a fisherman 's camera , let alone the fact that in the infra-red footage , the boat is n't of the greek coast since it does n't have the greek insignia / decorations where it should . 
  and lastly , the third part of the video is from a film were there is ambient light while the other videos were in complete darkness , meaning it is from another time . 
  this is bullshit . 
  you seem to have not enough historical knowledge . 
  was the french revolution done by nationalist fascists ? 
  do you even know how tyranny was overthrown and democracy was invented in athens ? 
  to overthrow a tyrant you need action . 
  and the tyrants are not going to just abandon power and rule because people asked for it . 
  and if you ca n't see how the modern political system of greece is corrupted and far away beyond the democratic ideals , and that the established order needs to be overthrown and a new system to be built from zero , i 'm sorry for you . 
  but just because you seem to be interested to democracy , do yourself a favor and buy the book ` athenian constitution ' ( \u0391\u03b8\u03b7\u03bd\u03b1\u03af\u03c9\u03bd \u03a0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b9\u03c4\u03b5\u03af\u03b1 ) of aristotle , to learn what democracy even is , because once you do , you will realise that the modern political system is only ` democracy ' in the name , and that the fundamental ideas of democracy are not applied in our modern society . 
  please do yourself that favor . 
  democracy was n't magically invented neither it was magically applied , but it came up as a result of struggle and revolts . 
  go back to school and learn what ` facism ' means . 
  and know one thing : if you are a stealer that does n't mean everyone else is too . 
  i never got a single euro from the government , neither as benefits , neither as a public employed , neither i was given a job by them . 
  i got nothing from them and i owe nothing to them . 
  its curious how you defend the most corrupted politicians on the world though , who have been continuously stealing taxpayer 's money , emptying the reserves of our country and indebting it , and getting away with it , because they have exempted their ownselves from the jury system with the immunity law and ca n't be judged . 
  perhaps you are deep in this crime yourself and that 's why you defend your fellow gang members . 
  and you know what ? 
  you have no argument , only insults , aka ad hominem . 
  and ad hominem is what low intelligence people who have lost an argument use , when they do n't have any other sound arguments left . 
  you calling me names is a proof of my victory and truth . 
  who is the fascist ? 
  it is you , that you try to silence people with name-calling and slander because you ca n't defend your argument in another way . 
  and by calling everyone who is against corruption and thievery a ` fascist ' , you are just empowering fascism , because you attribute justice to it . 
  so who 's the fascist , you hypocrite clown ? 
  the amount of votes the current government got is about 21.3 % of the eligible citizens , so they are a minority yet they rule the majority , which is anti-democratic you ridiculous clown . 
  21.3 % forces its will to the rest 78.7 % and you think that all is well with that ? 
  if that 's so then aside from a fascist you are also a mentally disabled person that does n't understand elementary school math . 
  you are too quick to make baseless assumptions and put labels on people . 
  i do n't care if he who done it believes in nazism , or communism , or free market , or whatever . 
  if politicians of new democracy , pasok or syriza , get beaten , it will make me happy . 
  because they are liars , thieves , corrupted thugs that have stolen billion of euros from our country 's reserve , and force us to pay back for the money they stole . 
  i hope they are hanged at syntagma square . 
  tell me , were the french who revolted against maria antoinette neonazis too ? 
  where ? 
  yeah right . 
  alternative tourism for hipsters and medieval geeks . 
  it gave me a feeling of catharsis and justice being served as i watched it .
