  it is like the japan of the internet . 
  some of the wierdest articles and videos i have ever seen . 
  hey man , the past is in the past . 
  think of the future of europe , not who conquered who . / s, 
  its just another feedback system to make sure customer care quality stays up . 
  if the server has a bad night , under us law they are entitled to minimum wage from the company is most places . 
  most of my friends who have been servers averaged out ~ $ 15 an hour at the end of the month ( i was making 10 in a normal job ) . 
  we complain about a lot of things . 
  not really . 
  when you extend th3 deadlines past a certain point it is a cancellation . 
  the amount it goes up in interest is dwarfed by general inflation ( the interest is very low ) . 
  this is effectively cutting what they have to pay . 
  imagine you borrowed 300 $ 30 years ago but did not have to start paying until now . 
  lets say the interest rate is 2 % but annualized inflation is 3.5 % . 
  your money , dollar for dollar is worth more now than the interest you have acrued and the difference is an indirect cut to the principle . 
  do n't worry it does n't lower my opinion of you , my opinion could n't get much lower . 
  this is not the first or the last time this has happened . 
  its mind over matter , there is nothing wrong with you but you assume the symptoms because you believe you have a problem . 
  kind of like a hypochodriac getting a rash because they think they should . 
  it 's happened a whole villages in africa and south east asia . 
  the real good episode of house where it happens on a plane that might be worth watching, 
  was that his way of inviting rosbif ( england ) ? 
  you are simply an idiot . 
  europe has as much blame in syria and libya as the us . 
  whether you like it or not and now only a few european countries are trying to help us fix it . 
  you talk the talk but thats it regarding our southern border . 
  its almost impossible to control the entire border . 
  it runs through the desert where even our guards only spend brief time . 
  there are signs , cameras , helicopters , and drones that try to spot them and intercept them to help them ( they even show some of the interceptions here ) . 
  these people actively evade our government because they do not want asylum , they want opportunities . 
  they would be arrested and deported in europe if you were in this situation as they meet no ones definition of asylum seeker . 
  we have 33,600 illegal immigrants per 1mil people . 
  it does when you 're going to lose more people than you kill, 
  200 mil  over 300 mil ? 
  according to him atleast, 
  you just made an interesting riddle . 
  what is the only type of shower that produces soap ? 
  2 years ago ? 
  if we had stayed under the articles , we would be british right now . 
  the way the eu is integrating is very interesting , in an experiment sort of way , to the rest of the world . 
  its like trying to get a bunch of toys from a little kid , they hold on to every single one of them as if their life depended on it . 
  wouldnt it just be easier to give the eu the power it needs and outline the national government 's power so that the eurozone does not leach all of them ? 
  was this a silly reply or do you want a source ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure source but reddit has ruined me . 
  its technically possible but generally it does not happen because the courts do not like to seperate families . 
  there is also usually s huge outcry when it happens, 
  you do realize european countries and china are the ones that control iraq 's oil , not the usa . 
  the fact that people say we control iraq 's oil is stupid . 
  i wonder if the russian people feel insulted that their own government thinks they are retarded, 
  everyone ? 
  i call b ******* . 
  what would we have nuked ? 
  we did n't even like nuking nagasaki as it was a bowl that saved part of the city . 
  imagine nuking the mountain is part of afghanistan , it would be a waste of time, 
  good german sausage or the french crap ? 
  interesting . 
  it would be hard to do that in america as anyone born on soil under the jurisdiction of the constitution is a citizen . 
  so their children would be citizens, 
  not to be an ass but if the british empire , the french empire , the soviet army at its height , and the us army could not do anything i doubt its solvable with military force . 
  add to that the fact that it would basically be 20 armies operating seperately and you have a case for a massacre, 
  no , we hate putin, 
  is this where he tells us his evil plan before telling us we will be buried ? 
  http://america.aljazeera.com/watch/shows/america-tonight/america-tonight-blog/2013/10/13/the-5-biggest-refugeegroupsofthelast20years.html this is a weird article because it comes from a news company that usually s **** on america on our tv . 
  i am sorry to inform you but europe is just as guilty at starting the arab spring/civil wars . 
  i dont recall european populations urging assad to kick the rebels asses.c, 
  i dont care about your opinion . 
  i care that it is hurting us . 
  the usa already has 11.3 million illegals with around 300 to 400k entering per year . 
  this is down considerably from a few years ago . 
  same shit , different name . 
  edit , around 33,000 per 1million citizens, 
  why the fuck are you all so racist against gypsies . 
  its disgusting to read over and over . 
  i could care less what your opinions are . 
  the way you are showing them by insulting us on a global scale makes it worse here for our prisoners because the politicians are being defensive . 
  people who used to preach prison reform have shut up because its no longer in the cards . 
  i wonder if you realize that all you are doing is making it worse for prisoners in the us . 
  you idiots are making our politicians defensive on the death penalty and isolation in prisons . 
  this guarantees that they will not fix it . 
  im not blaming europe . 
  i just think tou will get together to stop it from happening again, 
  that 's fake right ? 
  i never thought i 'd hear anyone ever say they wanted homeland security, 
  i personally support opening up legal immigration drastically, 
  the majority of the requests from around the world are people that the united states government has brought over . 
  they think that people might have a case , will not cause trouble , will leave if denied , or are from country we were heavily involved in such as vietnam and the philippines . 
  thats why the numbers are so small . 
  the rest of the requests are people from latin america or illegals . 
  well some of them act as though they are the majority opinion and , if so , the majority should be followed in democracy . 
  god i feel so bad for these people . 
  im sure europe will be able to solve this problem so that it does not happen again . 
  yes he was , the tzar was also a great ally to the united states . 
  that does not change a thing . 
  if you dont want nato , then leave it . 
  it is that simple . 
  we can not make anyone stay in it . 
  this insinuating that the us would attack a friend is preposterous and our history shows differently . 
  maybe you should take a good long look at good long look at european history ( of which i am well acquainted as history is my hobby ) . 
  it really depends . 
  ive lived in a small town most of my life and we had many immigrants from all over the world .
