  this may sound crazy buuutttt we are allowed to have our own idea what a government can and should do . 
  obviously it is not a high concern to us or we would have elected people who will do it, 
  the problem is i know the owners of both companies and they were very nice to me . 
  probably no worse than me driving from indiana to oregon :p . 
  all the two companies i have worked for in my field were from 100,000 to 55 employees and they all showed me loyalty . 
  in fact , they both offered me a job after i get my masters even though i abandonded them, 
  hm , would be very fun if it was true . 
  i love airplanes and have always wanted to fly in one . 
  i did when i was to young to remember but i dont count that . 
  as an american i can say , very few of us want to be exactly like europe . 
  we may do more in the healthcare sector and maternal leave but that is about it . 
  alot of americans can not stand entitlement which is what we consider most of your worker protection laws . 
  vacation time should be earned for showing loyalty , not forced by the government . 
  fuck , that would demoralize me, 
  how many years have they been in recession now ? 
  its funny , french people hate globalisation because they claim to not be able to compete . 
  at the same time , they are more than happy to export to other countries . 
  hypocrites, 
  itll end up being like afghanistan for them in the past . 
  the spetznaz will do amazing but one suicide bomber will manage to get in and take out 30 of them . 
  the problek is alot of americans like those `` flaws '', 
  the european spies were proved no better than the american spies . 
  this rulling is moot as you will be spied on by your own agencies as much as ours, 
  yep , its cheating taxes when a european country offers them a legal deal ? 
  the campaign is 14 months because we have to spend 6 to 7 billion in that time frame . 
  hard to do with 10 weeks, 
  usa can into bunga bunga ? 
  sanders is to far left to ever get elected, 
  it will be available for atleast 150 to 200 days before our government can vote on it . 
  this is just more sensationalist bullshit about how `` omg we cant see negotiations '' which is how every trade pact is done . 
  not even democrats really want hillary . 
  it will be four more lost years . 
  no advance , all party politics . 
  she is no change . 
  would be a good joke on the rest of the world if we elect him, 
  eastern europe seems to be much more realistic than western europe . 
  again , good and neutral are not the same . 
  ps spain has great food, 
  just like there are no curry shops in england . 
  we are just racists that cant integrate people . 
  didnt you know that ? 
  as always there is a serious reason the imf is the primary lender to be paid back first . 
  why should they offer debt relief so rich countries in europe dont have to pay when the poorest countries on earth are contributing the money . 
  some of the international monetary fund money is coming from countries so poor that they can not even pay teachers or feed all of their people . 
  they are moderate compared to most of their citizens . 
  for alot of saudis , even letting women leave the house is contreversial . 
  there was a bbc magazine article around a year ago that really shows how crazy they were , i dont have time to find it right now, 
  being neutral and being friends are completely different things as evidenced by ww2 . 
  swiss were really good at taking all that nazi gold and helping them launder it around . 
  yes , i know it was certain banks , but the country could have stopped it . 
  well lets look at history . 
  from basically 1830 until now the uk has been friendly with us . 
  what other countries in europe can we say that about ? 
  except maybe france , who we dislike but have to respect a bit . 
  its also very easy to trust countries you share ancestory with . 
  anglophone countries for us ofc . 
  yep , one set of people i believe i can trust if the world went to shit . 
  the other set would be unreliable at best . 
  well luckily it goes both ways  . 
  the only two countries i trust in europe are the uk and ireland . 
  i dont hate the un , i just dont trust it 's reports and announcements . 
  the un has become like reddit . 
  `` better yell about everything before i have the facts '' . 
  its usually only the europeans that have a problem with us but thats irrelevent as its not why i dont trust the un . 
  some abstract fear that it will be horrible is no reason to throw it away before it is out ( not to you but others i have seen on here ) . 
  you are one the most logical people i have seen on this reddit, 
  prepare for a shit storm ... ant ttip goooo, 
  what are the chances saudi arabia will break up ? 
  0 id sayx the holy lands are to important to muslims . 
  the saud family may fail but they are , arguably , much more moderate than their citizens . 
  we should just give them the few bil we were giving to pakistan for next year . 
  it would be money better spent . 
  yep , because you didnt say a single reason why you trust them makes a great argument `` lets call him full of shit and end it '' . 
  you have no reason but blind trust . 
  so your opinion can fuck off, 
  i dont have to source my distrust . 
  distrust is usually not a logical feeling anyway . 
  if you were to link any information from any neutral government , i would trust it . 
  its more that the un is becoming very politicized with the exception of the wfp and unesco ( i trust them because when i read one of their reports , it really seems to only be about the issue at hand and nothing more ) . 
  every time they release a report or make a statement , it has a political slant to it . 
  five years ago , i trusted almost everything the un said because they followed their own metric and were very apolitical about it . 
  now they have to push a non neutral agenda which , to me , has destroyed some credibility . 
  in fact , when the un condemed us for torture , they did it in a very matter of fact and apolitical way and i , as an american , was very embarassed and saddened by what we did . 
  now , i would have to find many more sources to trust it . 
  great imagery, 
  i dont trust that source . 
  the who is becoming bs, 
  meanwhile our stupid government pays over 1 billion for each b2 bomb we have . . 
  this, 
  normal friday in france , riot , assault random people , assault you boss , destroy some stuff your town paid for profit with wage increases it earned you go to a bar . 
  it made me spit up my water when i read that, 
  i cant believe it really is a threat to vw 's existence . 
  i cant see a future where germany would not save vw is something truly happened . 
  most people will forget about this scandal soon anyway . 
  most immigrants to the united states do not completely integrate . 
  in fact , the us government usually puts refugees with people of the same origin . 
  this allows them to feel some similarity while still integrating slowly into u.s. society . 
  you did hit the nail on the head on the fact that european governments , just like the us government , prefer to kick the can down the road . 
  however , as you say , this situation is too intense to keep kicking the can down the road . 
  a true solution needs to be discovered and stuck to which in the case of europe is a difficult problem .
