  from our viewpoint , half the laws passed in certain countries are nothing but protectionist and their courts/legislature work together to unfairly curtail businesses from the rest of the world . 
  most of our business news ( mainstream ) from europe is american companies being unfairly targeted while similar european companies doing the same thing do not get touched . 
  i cant see america voting on the trade agreement without some sort of protection . 
  thanks for making me think of south park right as i am anout to sleep ... ill just leave this here https://youtu.be/zuqk6t2esng, 
  putin is one of those people who will be completely forget in 30 years . 
  he is a populist that does not do much but fight with the rest of the world . 
  if he is remebered , it will be for wasting 50,000,000,000 on the olympics, 
  it was always fun to drive with her because you never knew when you were going to die . 
  are finns really as quiet as r/europe makes em out to be ? 
  i am not sure italians can see/understand that roads have rules . 
  we had an italian ex . 
  student who managed to rack up 9 warnings and tickets in 8 weeks . 
  mexicans prefer to beat the shit out of sponge bob square pants, 
  hello mostfinn , how are you doing today ? 
  enjoying the finnish weather ? 
  i am doing fine . 
  in fact , it has been a great day . 
  nice talking to you . 
  have a great day . 
  ~ america, 
  its probably just a job finding website . 
  they exist for american green cards , the company pays a fee if they find an applicant they like . 
  get em up to 3hp ? 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure they have photographic evidence to back up this statement . 
  they will definitely show it on russian tv and do their damndest to make sure it never leaves the country . 
  they did it with satellite images trying to show a jet firing a missile , why would n't they do it now ? 
  to be fair , this equipment is the limit of what humans can produce . 
  we ( usa ) have planes crash all the time , we just had one crash in germany today . 
  fighter jets are hugely complicated and hard to maintain . 
  when you fly them on alot of missions , they will start to show their failure rate based on hours flown . 
  even we have had to scale back our plans , we cancelled almost all the orders for the f-22 so we can afford more f-35s . 
  military funding is a game that requires having just enough of the best mixed with good to out compete the enemy . 
  we do not need all f-35s when we can keep using our f-16s and f-18s which are effective . 
  just the fact that you can jumpstart these programs , like the advanced tanks or next gen fighters , is a deterrent in itself . 
  debt-colony ... hmmmm ... are you from greece , estonia , italy , spain , portugal , lithuania , latvia , or ireland ? 
  i could just see estonia take over russia . 
  this one tiny bit here is the home country and everything is just an oil wasteland . 
  to be fair , thats because they are cheap . 
  we have access to old nasa and military engines galore but they are not nearly as cheap . 
  the russian ones keep blowing up on our private companies because they were not well maintained . 
  * edit * i am not referring to the onez sold to the us gov which seem to always work . 
  i am referring to the private ones specifically . 
  oh canada , we love our bestest friend . 
  i am very greedy , i want germany to give greece money.i want a very strong , very stable euro that can be a counter weight to the world . 
  i dont want it to be the dollar or the yuan . 
  i want it to be the dollar , the yuan , the euro , and possibly the rubble , etc. 
  atleast you stole his oil , that 'll teach him . 
  on a side note , how easy is it to invade your oil ... . . i mean visit your beautiful country . 
  yea , dont run with scissors . 
  you may scratch your gun . 
  my gun did get damaged by a sharp object ( someone threw a sword at me which i caught with the stock of my gun ) , so it can happen, 
  we can surprise statehood all we want . 
  its not just for germans : / . 
  ask hawaii if they thought they would be a state in 1870s  . 
  the money has helped those who benefit from it . 
  if your firestation got a new engine , it was well spent . 
  if yours did not , it was a waste of money . 
  americans always get mad and then realise the fed 's money helps everyone at some point . 
  this is a taste of what americans call pork barrell spending . 
  it may not be the most in need fire station but its the most politically correct place to send cash . 
  did it ruin the squid ? 
  i must know for primavera reasons ... 
  wouldnt it be funny if the next time you meet a german , right after you turn around , he goes into a fuhrer salute . 
  then you turn just in time to catch him and you can give him `` the glare '' and say `` i knew it '' . 
  he will then anschluss you but it will be worth it . 
  prepare for a shitstorm of northern europeans yelling muhmoney . 
  they got pwnt, 
  funny to watch . 
  like when your neighbors wife is throwing his shit out the window cause he cheated . 
  you know its bad but you cant look away . 
  interesting , i knew our government rarely fights extradition requests from countries with a good legal system . 
  usually its just an appeal getting turned down and then your on a plane . 
  does n't sweden have a history of attacking every other nordic countries ? 
  many times ? 
  considering selectice service is set up to draft up to 18,000,000 soldiers , i am not sure we would need the nukes . 
  with the exception of the ira , our gangs are much better at killing random ( usually innocent ) people than europes neo-nazis . 
  i was just working on fixing peoples furnaces and ac when they shot in my direction because i was white , they did not actually use the sights and aim at me but just having a gun randomly waving at you firing five or six shots is scary enough, 
  british rate of reoffense . 
  http://open.justice.gov.uk/reoffending/prisons/ american rate of reoffense http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/reports/0001/01/01/state-of-recidivism i will admit that open.justice.gov.uk is a much better statistic than the comparable us doj . 
  it really breaks recidivism down nicely among sentencing lengths . 
  most of the people held in solitary are not there for little issues , though if you google it you will find a few wardens who abused their power . 
  they are there because they are a danger to inmates , guards , themselves , or they will attempt to escape . 
  most of the non-terrorists at adx florence are there for murdering multiple other inmates or guards . 
  there was a documentary on discovery channel a few years back where they were allowed to inter view a prisoner . 
  he had murdered 3 guards and 5 other inmates at lower institutions . 
  when he was asked if he regretted it , he said he would do it again if he could reach the guards . 
  these are not normal prisoners . 
  america is also dealing with a gang problem most europeans would not believe . 
  i have worked in the worst areas of chicago and i have been shot at because i was white . 
  it is not a pleasant experience . 
  last time i went to florida ( us state ) , i coulnt take the elevators at 2 am because they were full of wasted brits . 
  hotel had to call like 10 ambulances . 
  the next fucking day , they were all drinking at the pool ... ... 
  this is why american consulate and embassies have to have fences all around them . 
  whenever somebody decide their anti american its time to blow up , shoot at , or throw a molotov cocktail at our embassies and staff, 
  uk about rehabilitation made me laugh . 
  your prisons are no different than ours . 
  damn it s tragedy . 
  its just like the article concludes , know where you are and prepare accordingly, 
  why,
