  the statistic is skewed by women taking time off for children or leaving work entirely . 
  there is also a definite better chance of promotion for males compared to females . 
  if you go for graduate school , masters or phd , most american and canadian schools offer free tuition if you work for the school for 10 to 20 hours a week ( there are usually 600 to 1k in adminstrative costs / semester though ) . 
  * edit * you also get paid by the school , generally 1200 to 2500 a month depending on where its located . 
  i had no idea there was mens volley ball, 
  meh , its the same here . 
  once you pass ~ 30 men earn more . 
  did they run anti immigration or is that the policy the media is latching onto ? 
  we have one of the least corrupt justice systems in the world . 
  these people you are arguing with are the idiots who would point the gun at the government . 
  i have gun but i use em for target practice and some hunting . 
  normal eu immigration is just like american and canadian immigration you pick and choose who you want from all over the world . 
  now you are getting everyone who can make it . 
  a completely different scenario, 
  they also came up with the best way yo eat fries . 
  a way so good , we in the usa cant handle it, 
  yep it embarrasses me that we are not in the top 10 . 
  especislly as our founding fathers said informed voters were critical to democracy, 
  i am for complete freedom of the press and zero censorship . 
  these replies made me look up the censorship in turkey ... : / . 
  it is completely unacceptable , i think he is trying to model it on iraq 's saddam censorship . 
  very unhappy , with a changed view . 
  i know the us is never on the top of the list for freedom of the press but i never notice censorship , just stupidity . 
  i also watch alot of bbc , france 2 , afp , ap etc since i like the news . 
  ah , makes sense . 
  they have a different view on censorship and spying than europe . 
  the next year is going to be the decisive time for europe . 
  we had ours when we wrote the constitution and abandoned the articles of confederation . 
  the articles would have led to the breakup of the united states with every state following its own policy . 
  europe has a chance to show solidarity with their neighbors and expand the powers of frontex to adequately deal with the situation . 
  the only other real choice is to just bicker for another year while wasting billions supporting all these migrants . 
  the second choice will still cost alot of money but will only widen divides between countries . 
  i am not saying you need a united states of europe , i am saying you need to work together to deal with an existential crisis very few countries have ever had to deal with in history . 
  this really could be a major disaster . 
  could any of the balkans countries survive 100k + people rioting in winter ? 
  i truly hope europe bands together to atleast make winter camps . 
  they can be slowly moved around as needed and they will have an actual location for deportation if they are not refugees, 
  next step , bus em back to greece but change the road signs to german, 
  does turkey do bad things in the european context ? 
  ive always seen them as a stable ally in the area, 
  im one of the mutts you find in america  with ancestors from every european country . 
  i have family recipes from every country and the roast beef is best  p.s. 
  our italian recipes are a little very old and poverty ridden so i dont like them . . 
  roast beef , scotch egg , etc are the best food there is ... 
  those would be black friday and the deals are usually 50 to 80 % off ( usually the higher end ) . 
  or , you buy a game system for full price and get 150 worth of extras above the consol + kit, 
  there is not a shred of evidence in the article . . just some guy named levie saying what he interpreted an article to mean . 
  he then backs this by saying eu governments are rushing through gmo foods to help the deal , again without a shred of evidence ? 
  does the guardian operate with a slant to anti ttip ? 
  because this article definitely needs more support ( though i could just be spoiled by peer reviewed scientific journals ), 
  the problem is , the fbi catches so many fucking people and the nsa takes credit by default ... making it look like a worthless program is giving results, 
  nice , its wierd to me they sub it in portugal . 
  we get foreign movies here too but they are usually dubbed . 
  ( i see alot more asian foreign films than european ), 
  saddam is dead , hes never being kept in power again 2 . 
  that fake quote shit is reserved for 4chan retards . 
  the coalition did kind of keep saddam out of power buddy boy . 
  however , seems like it was a mistake . 
  time to go back to supporting dictators, 
  the thing is , if the uk refused to help us in an attack situation , it probably would not happen . 
  it would change public opinion so fast . 
  its kind of like when your big brother tells you you are doing skmething stupid so you stop doing it . 
  canada , the uk , and australia are the only countries in the world that could sway our public opinion . 
  afghanistan , yes . 
  they were harboring osama and refused to give him up . 
  iraq , more than likely no . 
  we could not have invaded iraq without our allies . 
  we could have done it in the literal sense , however , it never would have passed the public opinion to allow it to happen . 
  is there a reason frontex is so small ? 
  are the shows dubbed into portuguese or do they play in english ? 
  that was good funny, 
  thats rich comming from the uk . 
  the country who helped us invade both countries . 
  your no more innocent then we are . 
  the country that forced us to intervene in libya ( which are some of the rebels id assume you are talking about sinve isis poped up there ) when our politicians were clearly against it . 
  well this is going great for europe , 
  well , europe did have years to deal with this issue and failed . 
  you could have helped assad , helped the rebels , helped turkey , helped the periphery eu members , or built camps in other countries . 
  europe chose to do nothing because it was the easiest option . 
  10,000 refugees a day . 
  could 've gotten worse . 
  im a fan of the american turkish empire . 
  it will be fun since we are good friends . 
  imagine a guys night out but invading stuff , 
  it is though ... . . 
  . europe is supposedly a single market so why build 28 different sites ? 
  yep , they must all be refugees . 
  we accept refugees aswell but only if they have proof of identity , in some rare cases they do not need it . 
  for most people , no proof means get the hell out . 
  * edit * we have this policy as we have already dealt with waves of `` refugees '' that turned out to be economic migrants . 
  nope , the poles did the work , we just watched . 
  and make mexico pay for it, 
  i think it would be hard to convince certain nato members to help you . 
  good thing europe was there helping us or do europeans not know how to make their own decisions ? 
  we do have a land route to south america and central america which is where we get alot of immigrants and illegals, 
  both the us and canada succeed because we pick who we allow in . 
  we both allow quite a few unskilled immigrants every year but they have complete background checks done with a work history so we know they wont be on the street . 
  germany is just getting everyone syria can throw at them . 
  this will not be easy . 
  da fuck is wrong with them ?
