  problem solved . 
  thatl show you for re-electing that communist . 
  watch as your economy grows muhahahahah, 
  i think people would just prefer not to blame their own government when it 's their fault, 
  federal governments are designed to be slow to make sure all legislation is supported . 
  the eu just happened to find a way to make the federal government significantly slower than even the us, 
  actually , detroit is already increasing revenue and population again, 
  ahh , hi tiny romania . 
   where are the people going to ? 
  the people that try it first usually fail . 
  we had to perfect it for ya . 
  taylor swift boooooo . 
  i am so sick of her voice . 
  she never changes it like other artists so she sounds the same in every song . 
  i cant tell your flag is , my mouse over is not working . 
  is it romania ? 
  fuck food taxes . 
  i used to live in a state with no food tax ... now its almost 9 % :( . 
  it adds up soooo fast and its completely unfair, 
  all i could think about when you said that was a drunk estonia from poland ball, 
  i meant in general regarding ttip . 
  our media is being alot more neutral when they report on it at all . 
  hm , more lies on what an isds actually is and how it is used . 
  european media is much worse than america media when it comes to propoganda , with the exception of the public broadcasters . 
  so are we going to be the bad guys when we have to bomb serbia again ? 
  haha i dont think you realise how nordic our prairie states are . 
  you 'd feel just at home with all the danes , swedes , norwegians , and finns :p . p.s. 
  rotten fish is not a christmas food ... ... 
  what are you on aboot ? 
  was n't estonia just called the estonian socialist soviet republic ? 
  to be fair , moscow has had fords patrolling since 1991 when we gave em a bunch of used ones . 
  cia world fact books probably has all that as well, 
  you lucky douchebags ... ... i want to be in the uk without having to be there o.o i cant ise vpn though as i have to hook my comp up to school systems so they check it for illegal shit so they do not get in trouble, 
  nope , you live in russia, 
  whenever i read official german government names , it sounds so sinister . 
  the native american massacres are an interesting issue . 
  the first `` massacre '' was disease which was initially accidental . 
  then it was introduced . 
  during the indian wars , the massacres were basically carried out tit for tat where the indians killed people then the settlers then the indians ( from the 1600s to the 1800s everyone managed to find a justification ) . 
  there are some really interesting book on what was basically the conquest of america . 
  the problems of the european/american conquests of native peoplez still live with all of us `` colonials '' ( us , canada , most of s.america , s. africa , and australia ), 
  even most of what we have done in syria was just to stabilize the kurds . 
  i doubt if most western countries would slaughter civilians , bomb schools , and destroy religious buildings with people in them during a civil war . 
  we had a major civil war in which 600,000 / 30,000,000 died ( with many times that permanently wounded ) . there was never a massive slaughter of civilians, 
  the holocaust was senseless and it definitely was chaotic . 
  watch the bbc documentary ( 6hrs ! ) . 
  there was no precision or planning involved . 
  barbarism, 
  but you referenced the big o'man . 
  socialists are blue here :p conservatives are red :d we dont follow your rules , man . 
  obama , red ? 
  depends on who decides to claim it :p, 
  you do realize the only agreement made was specifically that nato would not expand into eastern germany . 
  the rest of eastern europe was never brought up, 
  i know its fast tracked . 
  it will not go through nearly as fast as you think . 
  we have a time , several months , to look over the agreement before it goes to congress at all . 
  i am trying to find my source , a cnn article that explained it all , but i cant seem to find it on my phone . 
  ill try again when i get home in a few hours, 
  i have never heard anyone call them polish death camps . 
  ive heard austrian death camps - logic was she knew hitler was austrian but forgot what to call them . 
  has to be agreed upon , then it goes to commitee in congress , then it has to go to the house , then senate , if both accept it ( doubtful ) , president signs it . 
  the only one of those steps without a nice large gap is senate to president . 
  the other steps have large gaps between moving on ( not sure if its mandated by law or tradition ) . 
  it will be atleast 9 months from release to passing or maybe longer like nafta . 
  there was a `` small '' riot in the uk i seem to remember . 
  they determined race was a factor , big surprise . 
  it is also very easy to be `` american '' . 
  you dont have to be a citizen to be american . 
  the only real requirement is you consider yourself american and well consider you american . 
  that is an incredibly naive thing to say . 
  the eu and mexico , us , canada are the only two truly peaceful regions of the world . 
  its more of a side effect of our military spending . 
  even if the rest of the world kicked us out , wed still spend 30 % of our budget on the military . 
  well , it will take atleast 9 months to pass the us , by law . 
  you will have atleast that long . 
  do the countries have to volunteer or are they eventuallu going to impose quotas ? 
  just do what our government did , rent all the hotels . 
  / s its only 17x more expensive than building temporary housing units, 
  there are like 10 accents in syria along with the fact every minority has an accent p.s. 
  message from iranian friend : have fun sorting them out, 
  meh , i dont mind his french because i think his english dictionary is rather abridged . 
  i happen to speak english but i know french and his translations do not always have the same meaning . 
  a similar word here and there used in the wrong context between the translations etc. 
  i only ever saw the ones in south bend/mishawaka that had an indiana state seal and said `` this project is done on time '' . 
  it seems as though you are stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  hopefully someone decides your peoples future is more important than power . 
  im surprised that went so long un answered or downvoted lol, 
  makes sense when you point it out that way . 
  in our lab , we have like 8 logos to put at the end of papers . 
  i feel like both sides have a reasonable point of view . 
  if these people are not given the government wo n't they just bring down the one that is instilled ? 
  wow , i have never seen anything like that ( n. indiana ) . 
  the most i have seen is `` this project completed ahead of schedule by xxxxxx construction company '' with an indiana state seal at the bottom, 
  ah , does it make you feel more pan european ? 
  i mean since you can see the projects they work on, 
  hmm , i dont think i would like this guy : /, 
   `` same ( or less . . ) money '' do you see the eu as spending more than required on projects ? 
  ah , our government only posts those things in other countries so it seemed very odd . 
  thanks,
