  he only shows up in r europe and r/russia, 
  friends would stay in the eu just to prove they 're not germany puppets . 
  the bundeswehr is also incredibly pathetic . 
  the us national guard could probably kick its ass, 
  all i can read is balls and daesh o.o i dont get the context . 
  i have worked for a company that tests for plant pathogens . 
  the test for xf is very simple and requires only a few leaves and an overnight test . 
  it 's even very cheap to run , the company i worked for charged about 180 for a whole set of samples . 
  if they have xf and do not get cullee , every tree ( the ones infected now and many more including non olive trees will die ) . 
  it it 's simply not worth the risk to leave them . 
  you either need to cull or test . 
  the symptoms are very easy to recognize and usually distinct from lack of water . 
  they can have some similarities to lack of certain nutrients but thats another simple stick test of the soil . 
  so , a question for european . 
  how many eastern european countries are going to vote to reduce their own funding ? 
  or is it true that germany really does control the eu ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2010/may/15/google-admits-storing-private-data basically they screwed up on their software , and ended up gathering more data than they expected to, 
  i am so sick of the damn rain . 
  i want snowwwwwww, 
  wtf was that, 
  i like how you conveniently forget that it was an accident in which they deleted all the data after admitting that it happened, 
  you know what 's not f ****** cute , trying to pretend that v yugoslavian army did n't do horrible things when it was completely under the control of serbia i see serbians on here all the time trying to whitewash history, 
  you 're still just grumpy that we could not let you commit genocide in the 1990s, 
  maybe you should get your head out of your ass and actually look at history . 
  the united states has supported the eu at every step . 
  we made sure that france stayed a player after world war 2 , we supported the reunification of germany when most european countries were against it , and we gave the euro incredible financial support when it first started to give it a boost, 
  how would your welfare ideas work with such a great disparity between the monthly wages between countries ? 
  would the payment is the same across the entire continent ? 
  or , would it be based on your country of residence ? 
  as an american , i really do hope you 're up becomes more centralized and more able to be a true player on the world stage . 
  it can only be a good thing , especially since very few americans believe china 's rise will stay peaceful . 
  a powerful europe could be a good counterpoint to prevent another cold war, 
  sometimes i feel like the lisbon treaty is based upon this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/articles_of_confederation a complete failure of a form of government, 
  all of the worst airports are the oldest airports . 
  they have no room to expand and are unable to shut down to be rebuilt . 
  it just so happens that most of americas airport are old airport because we had them first, 
  i think it is just based on pure luck what type of experience you have . 
  i 've lived near o'hare airport my entire life and that 's the only place we 've ever flown out of and we have never had a problem . 
  ask historians is one of my favorite reddit . 
  they have an incredible amount of very intelligent people offering their knowledge for free, 
  western and ukrainian black boxes are designed to crush so the metal takes the damage . 
  this russian one seems stupid because all the first gets put to whatever 's in the box, 
  ... ... ... you are the distance from new york to mississippi off dude ... 
  yep but i dont think that you think before you write stuff . 
  you 're only response ever is `` did you even read what i wrote '', 
  its more the fact that no one except to russia and their friends in crimea say that the referendum was free and fair . 
  they were unbelievable amounts of issues which would have invalidated it even if some of the least democratic countries in the world, 
  there is quite a difference between one country taking another countries land and the people who live there going into revolution and taking land from the country . 
  in case one it is against international law while in case 2 is an internal conflict, 
  i guess because of that you can ignore the fact that for a month ahead of time russia was told by turkey to stop going through their air space . 
  it 's definitely not russias fault that they kept ignoring turkey 's demands, 
  well actually a lot of the non mexicans are not much different , there is a pretty horrible basically gang war going on in central america . 
  the countries do n't have control over a lot of their territory and the gang force people to join or kill them, 
  you are explicitly talking about which story to believe : /, 
  the right to be forgotten is completely incompatible with a democratic country . 
  an informed citizenry is the most important component free democracy and giving anyone a chance to be forgotten could compromise that . 
  is google tryef to censor american results using a european law , there are so many prosecutors in so many states that would love to jump on the bandwagon and sue them . 
  well since the russians have already lied 7 different times with falsified images and fake phone calls , think i 'll trust the european conclusion . 
  it really helps that the europeans have not lied or tried to use fake evidence . 
  well there is also the fact those upgrades are almost impossible to get in large numbers . 
  even russia only has half its tanks `` upgraded '' . 
  so you 're simply the iranians of europe, 
  i really like all the russians i 've met . 
  they are almost indistinguishable from americans in how they act here . 
  i hate putin, 
  you know that it is possible for people to just not like putin and what he stands for , correct ? 
  do n't worry , all its doing is helping monsanto, 
  unless russia changes fast , ukraine will eventually be in nato along with georgia, 
  a puzzle that 's missing a major piece is a pretty s ***** finished puzzle, 
  i know a shitload of people who co sider themselves dual nationality . 
  most countries do not accept dual nationalities like we do . 
  ill assume that means the greeks support the greeks and the turks support the turks ( i looked a bit into it ) . 
  what a surprise, 
  dude just leave the europeans alone . 
  they have no idea about history or even events that only happened 40 years ago . 
  they make the average american seem like an emritus professor of history, 
  do the turkish cyprus believe that the turks are illegally occupying the island ? 
  cyprus join the eu with the general understanding that only the greek part would be part of the eu . 
  cyprus was a de facto divided island and turkey definitely did not invade it well it was a member of the eu . 
  he literally jumped bail he agreed to . 
  whether he was guilty or not of why he was under bail is of no consequence . 
  he broke an agreement he made with the court system which is against the law, 
  i 'm calling b ******* on this one . 
  sweden is very good at telling us to go f *** ourself, 
  you are incredibly paranoid . 
  the us forgot assange even exists . 
  no one but europeans and australians thinks we care about arresting him the facts are : sweden has a loose definition of rape , assange `` raped '' someone allegedly , he refuses to answer their questions or go for an interview , and he did break the law when he jumped bail in the uk . 
  either way he is a criminal , he either raped someone or jumped bail edit * you guys are funny , we care more about what kim kardashian is doing then an attention w **** like assange, 
  think what you must , i have read many books on the subject . 
  the german hulk was definitely halted by soldiers not by industrial capacity . 
  there ussr soldiers that held out at stalingrad and many other town even when they did not have weapons were the true stopping force . 
  the only thing that saved the russia during world war 2 was the absurd sacrifices of men . 
  one of my friends came to the united states from russia in the cold war . 
  during world war 2 , his grandfather was given a rifle and told that if he were retreated or did not advance he would be killed by the people behind him . 
  actually the russians did pretty damn good in world war one . 
  until they started to truly run out of supplies near the end of their war , they were at 1 to 1 losses is with germany and austria-hungary, 
  if someone was holding a poster that supported the constitution here and the police arrested them : you would end up with some police that got their ass kicked, 
  i actually spit out my water when i read the part about how montenegro would not exist without russia . 
  is left there to their devices , russia would have made sure yugoslavia survived, 
  the us did not happen over night , nor did china and russia .
