  the real question is , when syria is a relatively stable country again , will the government allow all these refugees back ? 
  if assad wins , i highly doubt it since i see alot of interviews where refugees are rebel fighters . 
  screw the refugees . 
  treat yourself . 
  weed as in marijuana ? 
  by that point you 'll probably classify americans as refugees as well . 
  i meany strength and prestige wise . 
  loosing the uk would basically be 1/3 of your truly capable forces . 
  the banks would have to decide what more important : their international or european operations to move to frankfurt . 
  even then , theyd probably stay in london or go somewhere cheaper like dubai or singapore . 
  there are women that like every accent :p there are a few , such as indian , that still surprise me . 
  until i went to grad school , i did not think anyone liked it . 
  ukrainians that have come to the us are pretty cool . 
  very interesting accent :p, 
  this is less hate and more that they lied . 
  i love the bbc and truly loved the earth series, 
  our news shows quite a few immigrants just climbing the fence . 
  they just lodge up the razor wire , like on all fences , and climb through . 
  i think the issue is not can uk survive without the eu , it is what type of eu will be left . 
  the eu would go from being in the big 3 of us , china , and eu to being another russia ( considerably strong , but a mile from the big table ) . 
  the eu would also loose its largest `` indigenous '' banking center in london . 
  have some of your tiny little fish in olive oil instead , 
  its not really different . 
  its just mass market italian coffee brewing with american style bean roasts and grinds . 
  epa estimate , 8870 g co2/gal . 
  8870 / 35.3 mpg my car gets 249.9 g / mile my source is a pdf i dont know how to link to on my phone . 
  from epa office of air quality . 
  i am doing it by final emissions and fuel efficiency , not the silly way the law is . 
  * edit * i dont quite understand the downvotes . 
  all gasoline everywhere emits 8870 g/gal . 
  thats the amount you get when you convert the carbon into co2 . 
  the highest mpg ive seen is 53mpg by diesels which emite 15 % more co2 ( still better than gas on the co2 front ) . 
  some of us watch it illegally online . 
  yep , fucking french quagmire . 
  now you are just being an idiot for the sake of being an idiot, 
  why wouldnt companies just build new stations ? 
  unless you mess with the market , it makes them money to build more capacity, 
  they would definitely mention the nazi plans . 
  the nazis did not think they were wrong . 
  they thought they were doing a great thing for mankind . 
  the leaders were very proud of what they did . 
  it must suck to come last in a contest like that . 
  why wouldnt we use the nukes ? 
  there was no indication to the us president that the japanese were going to surrender . 
  all this recent stuff that the president should have known is complete bullshit . 
  the japanese did not approach the us and their radio traffic had no indication of surrender . 
  the us edtimated the japanese forces at ~ 30 divisions with 28 million home guard willing to die for the emperor . 
  we expected 514,000 casualties with almost 150,000 dead in the first 90 days of combat . 
  the army was planning on requiring 100,000 replacements a months . 
  can you even imaging 100,000 romanians injured a month . 
  the us presidents role is to defend the us and protect its citizens above all others . 
  he would have been a failure of a president to force a land invasion and waste so many american lives aswell as the massacres of all the untrained civilians attacking us troops . 
  actually , the familes of alot of those victims are still alive , albeit old . 
  this makes it completely relevent in world affairs . 
  you just want to ignore it because in your mind anything you cant remember does not matter . 
  i wonder how they will fare here , in the us . 
  our emissions standards are going up significantly in the next 10 years . 
  i dont believe our government will backtrack as ford , gmc , and chrysler have already invested way to much in eco boost style engines . 
  you had me for a fucking minute lol . 
  good one, 
  not ok but not nearly on the same level as you implied . 
  the fact of the matter is , people like stalin and hitler can not and should not be ignored . 
  they did things so bad it is almost unbelievable, 
  atleast our centers did not involve murdering tens of thousands of poles every few months, 
  its not really comparable . 
  people are still alive who remember what the nazis did and it was an unbelievable war crime . 
  western countries pound it into their students to make sure it does not happen to us again . 
  which also makes sure its impossible to live it down for quite a while . 
  only got to see highlights, 
  why the fuck would you have a plugin that lands prongs up . 
  ours tend to land on their side and the prongs are wide , its more stepping on a duplo block than a true lego . 
  jeremy clarkson would be proud . 
  fixing everything with a hammer is his trademark . 
  hopefully . 
  englebert should have been atleast 3rd from last ' . ', 
  somehow it got 70 % approval on rotten tomatoes when i went to see it ... . 
  are you electing mad max to be your next pm ? 
  why were you in eur?ovision, 
  haha made me laugh , 
  they probably hate me : /, 
  he seems to have a tone more of reassurance . 
  i think he is trying to tell england that ge will not leave wahtever happens but it got taken as a second meaining . 
  hey , its not even eurovision yet . 
  they may be able to come second to last instead of last in something . 
  on the bright side , germany might cut 20 % off your debt in that scenario, 
  ... that looks at bad as arabinc, 
  the three on the left are adults who know whays going to happen . 
  the one on the right is still bright and cherry . 
  just you wait , you will have a frown soon . 
  that debt thing is almost purely private or prestigious institutions . 
  you can go to purdue and only have ~ 20k in debt . 
  however , most in state students also receive grants ( unless their parents make a good amount of money which the state expect them to use to help their children ) . 
  i went through with a major in bio and a minor in chemistry and have ~ 4k in debt . 
  so he admited his fiance was homosexual ? 
  what is eduardos parents did not know ? 
  not correcting incorrect assumptions she knows about is like saying it in the first place . 
  if she knows everyone took it as an invitation and did not correct anyone , she invited them, 
  im sure you do not realise its alot more expensive to have soldiers patrolling than sitting at base training . 
  you have to set up command and control networks with adequate logistics to get everyone what they need . 
  your universities seem crazy .
