  it took china hundreds of years , russia over 200 years and here in the united states it took a civil war to unite our country . 
  it is not a simple task like people keep making it out to be, 
  the numbers on that website are so far off the record of numbers and reported numbers by the countries themselves i find it very dubious . 
  some of the numbers are just straight up wrong by an incredible amount, 
  i did not mean to insult anyone . 
  when you add all the european nato countries , it is significantly stronger than russia . 
  i just meant that those two alone were a match for russia, 
  france and england could easily repel any attack by russia without our help . 
  i know limiting it to 2 degrees is not much but i am happy we are getting something . 
  hopefully everyone actually follows through . 
  especially since my country , along with china and australia , have ignored all other deals . 
  a few days ago they were saying it was produced here in the usa . 
  in a few more days to say they were produced on mars, 
  those rating agencies are hurting us as much as everyone else . 
  my state is bankrupt but cant ho into bankrupcy as it is illegal for a state . 
  cant borrow money because the credit ratings make it too expensive : p, 
  actually it does not , they threaten our companies and their states all the time . 
  they made it to several of our states can not borrow money on the market, 
  it was only designed to stop up to an ak 47 round . 
  at that time , before composit armor was effective , it was deemed the best trade off, 
  these paintings might just disappear forever because of the museum went into the open with it . 
  well its not exactly helping greece when the forces will be posted on greece 's border with europe not with the sea, 
  we have 6000 abrams tanks in the united states . 
  think we could turn over a few thousand to be allies around the world, 
  this is basically nothing more than a part of a startup procedure . 
  problem is not getting the plasma , the us fusion reactor can create fusion . 
  the problem is creating a self-sustaining fusion reaction that can economically create energy . 
  i 'm very interested in how they prevent the heat from the fusion from destroying their reactor . 
  everytime ours creates and fusion episode , they have to replace thousands of dollars in parts . 
  does anyone know ? 
  they most definitely do have disinfectant resistant bacteria . 
  it is to the point that some chemicals used to clean hospitals are basically worthless, 
  the thing that scares me is pure out and all the alcohol / bleach wipes . 
  see them everywhere in the united states and all they are doing is creating bacteria that are hospitals can no longer destroy when they come, 
  that would be our holiday buddy boy, 
  you do realise people like to get paid for their work , right ? 
  you also have to pay the investors that lend you money, 
  if they did block him , what would happen if he was elected president ? 
  hitler was . 
  stalin was not, 
   america barely has the best interests of its own citizens in mind . 
  i think you have that backwards . 
  our military would defend anyone that we thought was important to our own defense . 
  i am also sure that we would abandon everyone if we thought we had to . 
  they are the us military and their main task is to protect us . 
  we are all guilty of indulging the troll . 
  i think this whole line of thought is stupid 2 . 
  poland probably would win as they have a functioning army with functioning equipment . 
  germany 's army and equipment is basically an embarrassment to germany . 
  no , you did not hurt my feelings . 
  you just made me think of stereotypical european or at least the american view of a stereotypical european, 
   one of the major differences between the us and europe is the way they project their power . 
  europe is more of a civilizing force , through cooperation , debate , soft power , more normative . 
   that 's external and a bit on how it 's organized . 
  internally , the countries usually are more socially democratic and , culturally , have a far deeper relationship with history and tradition . 
  it 's also the deep understanding of ` difference ' yet togetherness within europe . 
  that is one of the funniest things i have read in a long time . 
  good job, 
  i am completely with you . 
  fifa should have to pay out the amount that there official that taken in bribes to help develop soccer and all countries around the world, 
  i would like to see your proof in the ukrainian law code where it is illegal . 
  if i buy something or acquire something here and it 's stolen but i do not know what is stolen originally then i am doing nothing wrong . 
  in most cases i would even get to keep the item, 
  there is no proof that the people who have them are the ones who stole them . 
  well not straight returning the painting is dubious at best , i am not familiar enough with ukrainian legal code to say they are doing something illegal . 
  some european countries allow straight filesharing which in the united states would be considered a massive case of theft . 
  the legal code is not the same in every country . 
  yep and to expand on what 4ringcircus said said . 
  the euro would very likely be worth a lot less and have cost a lot more to start without the major support of the us federal reserve . 
  at first nobody bought euros , so the federal reserve and bought an insane amount to prop it up and start the market forces, 
  i dont see us leaving ee unless you kick us out . 
  plus latvian vodka is fucking yessssss, 
  i 'm an american and even i 'm sick of these your welcome europe b *******, 
  our southern neighbor does not want help . 
  all they want is money and they have turned down half of what we have offered, 
  except that a lot of western europe richard are based on the fact that they have free trade with eastern europe, 
  to be fair , in the uk it is also perfectly acceptable to pay for a new story or to pay a witness which would get you arrested here . 
   ofc stealth was shit then , and ofc its better now , and ofc it can be shot down like a bird with today aa . 
  the whole point os the f117 was a prototype to prove you could produce a stealth plane . 
  comparing that situation with now is silly . 
  the planes have made a jump past aa for the moment, 
  you do realize how out of date that stealth system was even in 1999 ? 
  comparing that event to anything that would happen now is just plain stupid, 
  it would more be symbolic . 
  if something were to happen , the nukes would be released to poland to use in a nuclear strike mission but i do n't see a nuclear war in the near future, 
  i am pro being friends with russia once putin is gone . 
  there is no way we can trust anything he says , he lies wayyy to much even for a politician . 
  he has also screwed russia hard , right in the ass . 
  z oh do n't worry , we have them technologically . 
  there is no russian computer in the near or even midterm future that will come close to american processors . 
   indeed . 
  whatever you think about the amount of money the us spends of defense it is often spent poorly and inefficiently as a result of the defense contractors using coercion to get their way . 
  bribes and jobs for voters often offer a more compelling argument than what the military men actually want when the time comes for politicians to make decisions on military purchases . 
  i dont think you know a single thing more than whats stuck up your butt, 
  we punish our carmakers all the time . 
  just search some of the fines , they dwarf eu fines by a shitload, 
  citroen , lol, 
  imagine a store that only has dollar store foods, 
  they are more where the french and british decided they didnt want anymore and gave it to the other after ww1, 
  indy is very interesting , i love this series .
