  the settlers were given food by friendly indians to protect them from naughty indians . 
  why do europeans think that their culture is so perfect imigrants should have to adopt it exactly as it is ? 
  adding another persons point of view makes you stronger , not weaker . 
  you mean future east germany ? 
  the vast majority of the republicans and democrats are middle of the road . 
  very few act on extreme ideals . 
  thats why its news when they do , the idiot from wisconsin is probably the most extreme . 
  i know where slovakia is and i am american . 
  there is that . 
  what a great performance piece . 
  i was totally entranced.and thought it was real . 
  using real bullets really was going the extra mile . 
  bravo / s, 
  no argument from america, 
  he will find a way to retract that . 
  it was a reverse act of kindness , making people give him food . 
  i went to a school with a very large engineering department , one of the best in the world . 
  they were actively recruiting people from all over the world . 
  they cant replace the variety they had even when they import from new countries . 
  alit of things russians were used to are european specialties . 
  besides it makes no sense . 
  we dont grow alot of herbs even though we could because they grow better in mexico . 
  we can then grow whats best for our soil ( usually wheat , soybeans , or maize ) and export it to those who need it . 
  i cant even imagine . 
  for my degree in the us , unemployment is 6 % among people actually trying to work in our field . 
  and that is why i love wisconsin . 
  cheap versions of all the european cheese that taste good . 
  you could also go for the great value brand and they all taste like colored velveeta . 
  israel does not even like jews that are not of their same stock . 
  i do not think for a second they would allow in foreign immigrants and more than just a few hundred, 
  well the total of people on disability is like 4 % of the population . 
  what i wonder is , how many people were injured because of the crisis ? 
  i know people who took jobs doing stuff they should n't have been doing but they needed the money . 
  usually they hurt their backs or damaged long-term injuries which made it almost impossible to work . 
  its a crazy situation for all countries . 
  it was a good experience for the immigrants . 
  you are european , social justice and all , its the immigrants that matter , right ? 
  i didnt realize spain had such high unemployment . 
  i cant imagine living with that, 
  i think your assumptions are wrong . 
  the us system was designed to do exactly what it is doing . 
  most legislation needed for running the country and making small improvements passes without much issues . 
  the exception is the budget which the parties both fight over every time . 
  the founding fathers designed our system to make it very hard for big , over reaching , and fundamental changing bills to pass . 
  the status quo gives stability , even if you fight over it . 
  the whole point is to make sure there has to be a debate and a fight . 
  all points need to come out . 
  during the obama care debate , alot of republicans used silly talk to try to slow it down like saying it would destroy the country . 
  however . 
  some republicans actually got up there and asked informed questions such as how would we pay for it in comparison with medicare ? 
  would it results in larger payments from medicare aswell ? 
  would the two bills be funding the same people ? 
  in most immigration contexts highly skilled worker usually means on engineer with experience or a medical degree with experience, 
  for one second i thought you meant during the diarrhea . 
  and i vomited in my mouth . 
  you 're forgetting what is really the most important part . 
  the american dream means that most people aspire to two or three kids . 
  not just one, 
  damn , he looks good in that picture . 
  damn greek and turkish blood giving them a perfect permanent tan, 
  how does europe have such low birth rate ? 
  my son , i shall reveal the secret . 
  you do need to make sure there are no sexual education courses . 
  you also have to get rid of a little bit of your safety net . 
  the most important part , however , is to raise your drinking age to guarantee teenagers get drunk, 
  i can not tell you how many people i 've seen pulled over or arrested for hitting bikers and university towns . 
  people need to realize that sometimes the police do care, 
  darwin awards, 
  so we have a lot of media , all of it stupid , but not all bad . 
  cnn , while incredibly stupid and sensational , is generally very neutral when they choose to actually `` report on something '' . 
  the same can be said pbs and npr with a little less of the stupid . 
  msnbc and nbc are both biased in a wierd way . 
  they report sensational biased reports both ways generally to try to get viewers . 
  i am not sure if this makes em stupid or equals out to unbiased . 
  fox news is very biased right but they also do alot of relatively fair reporting in their actual news section to try to appeal to the middle . 
  you will have one report that just suckles on the republican tit and then a relatively fair report . 
  case in point : a call for obama to produce his birth certificate and then , not 5 mins later , a story on a republican star screwing up badly and destroying himself . 
  * edit * bbc america is unashamedly left wing . 
  aljazeera america reports on anything to make israel look bad . 
  these are the major news stations . 
  there are also hundreds of magazines , radio stations , and news papers which all have their own bit . 
  in america , i learned about it at the fair cleansing of germans from territories they themself cleansed . 
  hell , that 's why we point this s *** out . 
  proof that we 're giving something back, 
  most of the european cost per gallon if usually tax . 
  it 's not going down even if gas was a penny a barrel, 
  fuzzz that sucks ... . education should be open to everyone even if they dont have the money . 
  it sounds like its not that way there . 
  indiana is known as a republican state but they have snuck through so many grants that at one time i have had more than 10 small ones . 
  it really makes a great difference, 
  wow , is that enough to live ? 
  i have always considered greece western with western prices . 
  i moved to graduate school at 1350 a month and it barely pays rent , utilities , and food . 
  i had to borrow from my parents for books . 
  how much do greeks make ? 
  when i was in uni working part time , i made around 10,000 year . 
  my first job out , i made around 38,000 . 
  i think i am confused on average wages . 
  what do greecians and romanians make each month . 
  public universities less than 10,000 .
