  alot of cities , counties , states , museums , companies , and recreational areas have historians, 
  illinois state as a graduate student - molecular biology, 
  750,000,000,000 dollars . 
  yuck , really ? 
  its only 90 planes , please dont forget that we spent 750 bil on the military last year . 
  we are good at wasting money, 
  your mini finland . 
  ofcourse you visit your own sites , 
  yes , thats the final cos5 to get them out to sea . 
  the problem with aircraft carriers is that each one is basically starting from zero . 
  you have the hull but then you have to upgrade all the tech that came between building them . 
  the first one will have tech from 2014 to 2016 . 
  the second one will be upgraded to what comes out between 2018 and 2021, 
  if it makes you feel any better . 
  a single b2 stealth bomber costs in the region of 800,000,000 . 
  our new generation of aircraft carriers are going to cost 10 to 12 billion each . 
  finland may use their stabbing knife on you for that one . 
  is poster reminds me of data from star trek the next generation, 
  how can a state pay people so much to do shit ? 
  off topic , i wish we would cut our military budget to 200,000,000,000 . 
  it would be more than enough to keep anyone from coming over as we have the island defense . 
  we could then say f the world and spend on our needy . 
  china is very good at building with in their means . 
  russia has never been hood at it . 
  our model is simple . 
  if we catch you , you go back . 
  if you can get past 100 miles , your basically safe . 
  this may sound stupid and biased because of the news i get but it seems these migrants dont want to work . 
  mexican , south american , and asian migrants in the us tend to work very hard and fo whatever they have to to succeed . 
  from what i read on several european news sites , the migrantz heading to europe seem to want benefits more than work . 
  is this true ? 
  or a misconception ? 
  i wonder if a war against russia would go nuclear ? 
  if they launch nuclear weapons , we would launch nuclear weapons and most russians would die as well as most americans . 
  would you rather lose a war or be exterminated ? 
  haha , how did they not expect that to happen . 
  this is like a sketch from a comedy show . 
  i 'm surprised it was n't completely cut off by protesters . 
  yes , yes i do.you cant have a war without completely defeating your enemy unless you wany anothet ww1 - ww2 debacle . 
  i went on a small trip ( 400miles ) 3 years ago for 2 days . 
  my last trip before that would have been around 4 years before that which lasted 3 days . 
  i dont get many vacations leaving more than 100 miles . 
  so the article seems likely to me, 
  haha you are so silly . 
  i am a democrat , as are most of my friends who i just asked , and they all support nato, 
  the problem is that nationalism causes us to think this is our science and we must keep it from them . 
  we must do everything to limit this fallacy or we will suffer as a result, 
  however , even a few thousand polish and american troops would be enough to delay until reinforcements could arrive . 
  i mean , we have shoulder mounted anti tank , vehicle , and air craft missles out the yazoo . 
  these can easily be dropped anywhere, 
  if we were to move that much equipment to poland , all it would do is escalate the issues . 
  escalation can do nothing but endager poland . 
  nato is supported in the usa and i have no doubt we would help if something happened . 
  we also have around 24,000 troops that can deploy in 24 hours , 50,000 in 48 and 70,000 in a week . 
  o.o silesia is poland ... i thought it was german :( my bad we really dont learn much about foreign geography . 
  we concentrate on the us and canada which is quite alot on its own . 
  i was going by the name sounding german . 
  i am sorry sir but that is the whole world . 
  in the usa if i do not support a republican policy i must be a democrat or vis verca . 
  i cant have my own political beliefs which steadle both parties . 
  people need to realize we are all individuals with our own ideas . 
  * edit * democrat not femocrat o.o, 
  we should always move forwards , the past is in the past . 
  we should strive for a better more peaceful future . 
  i hope that one day the world can be without wars, 
  hahaha israel is for the jews , we all know how israel thinks . 
  i have to pay attention to ride a bike . 
  takes skills to talk on a phone and ride, 
  i am surprised considering there are people all over the planet fighting something somewhere . 
  not really , it is the basis of your question . 
  that is like saying `` while communism takes over all of western europe '' without anything happening, 
  the germoney was a spell check on my phone because i spend time in polandball alot, 
  why not just take over the other nordics . 
  you could once man and i am sure you could again . 
  think of the oil . 
  new zeland and the aussies are the same thing ... . 
  how about . 
  the united states of america and the europettes . 
  not going to happen , is it though ? 
  join us  , in a few weeks the fbi will have put all your goverment workers in jail . 
  you would be corruption free  / s, 
  no , keep it to yourself man . 
  were still trying to get canada into bed but he always refuses ... 
  even if the us declined to go to war , all of the command and control is in place with the existence of nato . 
  to be fair , france , germoney , and the uk could probably handle it themselves . 
  more nukes ... go for it and see how fast you bteak europe, 
  would turkey still try to intimidate greece if they were both in the euro ? 
  or would it be peace ? 
  germans unite in southern cash ? 
  i wish man , we could drag over australia . 
  we 'd be chilling . 
  anglophone party over here, 
  smelly streets people piss out on the open on ? 
  usa things ? 
  we havnt destabilized anyone for like 2 years ... 
  i promise you , it will only hurt europe in the end . 
  if a european company comes up with something as far reaching as google , at this point the us would probably do everything we can to hurt it . 
  not just hurt it but move america forward . 
  that is why it makes no sense , it forms negative attitudes and opinions . 
  i can assure you that the real reason we want that protection is we do not trust europeans .
