  yesterday there was a post here about ap photographer forced to delete his film by a hungarian police man . 
  damn , that would be one hell of a road trip and they would have beat us to it . 
  good thing it was corrected . 
  just make footbal teams 9,000 and multiply the pitch by 1,000 x. 
  jobs for all the syrians . 
  if the saud family messed with the hajj in anyway , they would die . 
  saudi arabia is even more conservative than their kings . 
  it seems like most europeans are happy with freedom of movement for goods and people . 
  i dont see much federalism here for anymore than that . 
  have a thumbs up for having humanity, 
  how is 3 million significant besides and arbitrary point assigned . 
  i can find 3 million americans who would be fine attacking china and russia . 
  is that significant ? 
  no its not , its not relative of the population as the majority are indifferent or against it . 
  tele surveys are significant besides they are random and can canvass both sides . 
  this websites has to physically be accessed and voted upon meaning only those truly against it are voting . 
  the tents are about to be used so they are really not empty . 
  i like their map . 
  very manipulative , they must have learned from the media . 
  even if they get 3 million votes its less than 1 % of eu population . 
  we worked in chemistry and biology labs . 
  not a single one of us had a problem . 
  all the companies provided us with lunch etc. 
  i am imagining a metal hms victory with a broad side of lasers . 
  you can refuse consent to show something in the united states . 
  however , people paid by the state have no right to refuse as they are public servants . 
  i do seem to remember one or two exceptions but i know and all the states i 've been in there were none . 
  they provided lunch , snacks , and coffee . 
  they were incredibly nice and slowed down their work to teach me everything . 
  it was overall great . 
  i am not sure about europe but all of my friends who got science internships in the us had a great time . 
  all of the companies went out of their way to help us actually learn and gain useful experience . 
  no one was stuck on dish duty non stop or etc. 
  interns are paid in experience . 
  i was an intern for a summer and the experience helped me get a good job and then move to grad school . 
  this would be called journalistic censorship . 
  i have a tendancy to believe reuters , ap , bbc , and france press before governments on these issues when they claim this type of abuse . 
  i actually assumed that everyone was realising i was kidding :p, 
  he would drop them right under a bomb strike if he could . 
  * edit * i kind of assumed everyone knew i was kidding lol . 
  guess this sub needs / s now like world news, 
  thank you, 
  it was ~ $ 100 he just wanted the money, 
  white flight is literally white people moving from cities to suburbs . 
  alot of it had to do with the availability of the interstate system as well as racial issues . 
  is corruption really that bad there ? 
  if so , how does the state function ? 
  interesting , we had a cop fired a while back for taking $ 40 to not give a ticket . 
  thats the last time i have heard of corruption locally . 
  assad also told russia to go fuck themselves in diplomatic terms when russia offered to mediate . 
  nope , you will still be `` former communist romania '', 
  meh , our police are amazing at sting operations . 
  besides , this wont encourage anyone who is not already planning something . 
  if the us border patrol saw this , you actually could get rejected if you were a foreign national . 
  you would be considered a danger to americans who could snap at any time . 
  i have friends in florida who have had to reject people for much less . 
  now that the answer is done with . 
  you are basically a disgusting human being . 
  you could be hitler reincarnate if given the chance . 
  i truly believe you could be a greater threat to the world than any american , even a republican . 
  i know this comment will get deleted but idc . 
  damn you guys were right . 
  give the eu an inch , they take a mile, 
  more dikes . 
  you could probably convince them to switch it to kiev . 
  i feel like one day we will get voted out and nato will become the wuropean army lol . 
  i think you may have been assholes to them one to many times . 
  you had your chance to integrate turkey , morroco , all the north african states and you told them to go fuck themselves . 
  its a bit late for the current 30 to 40 year olds . 
  i wonder if we would attack mexico if the situation was similar here, 
  damn airbus , giving us jobs for planes that would make it to the us anyways . 
  they gave us jeerrrrbbbbbbssssss . 
  i am surprised the french let this pass with the insanity airbus does to protect european jobs . 
  yea , you are right . 
  when i first read it , i thought of a hunting rifle like shaun of the dead where they call 'em shell . 
  thats why i asked if you used a shot gun . 
  thanks , , 
  latin is the language of species names because it does not change . 
  its the same for law terms , the meaning of the term will never change unless we actively change it because it is a dead language . 
  20,000 agents for 2,000 miles . 
  the border patrol can stop anyone within 100 miles of the border and demand papers they are helped by a massive array of cameras , sensors , and even drones . 
  all the police in the cities along the border , the sherriffs and deputies , and the state police act as de facto guards aa they have to detain people they find . 
  people will do anything to get over . 
  i can promise you , 100 % , that fence will be as useful as a line of scare crows in a few weeks . 
  our fence is taller , more substantial , and better guarded and it does not stop people . 
  shotgun ? 
  ( made me think of shaun of the dead with how you said that ), 
  ooo i have always wanted to shoot some of those * the ak and luger * i have never actually seen a luger in real life but i have always wanted one, 
  we grow up with guns . 
  i was taught to shoot before ride a bike . 
  everyone i know hunts deer and eats the meat all winter . 
  we also love to target and practice shoot . 
  damn , who knew she had the biggest pair of balls on earth . 
  obama and putin have raisinettes compared to her . 
  i would very much prefer my solution to yours . 
  mr. crazy, 
  thats in the second edition `` the baltics scramble '' . 
  next we will hear how putin had him in his sniper sights but was so benevolent he did not shoot, 
  put them in a drone boat that takes them to us ( usa ) ? 
  then when we ask why you did it we can get the `` what refugees ?
