  source , worked at a lab that tested for monsanto . 
  not with the definition most europeans use . 
  they are displaying traits that they would not in the wild , nor would they if left alone . 
  its horrible they even attack the research . 
  also kind of funny when you consider apples . 
  every single apple in the world we ear is fake . 
  if you were to grow the seeds , it would either be inedible or taste horrible . 
  they are all the results of gmos when they spliced together different plants . 
  you do realize we accept a million immigrants and 70k refugees a year right ? 
  we already have 11.7 million illegals so you can deal with yours if you wont stop em . 
  well actually , and this may sound crazy , our politicians could have goven a fuck about arabs . 
  we only did anything because the uk and france were leading the way . 
  we did not take charge in any way whatsoever until it blew up in europes face and we had to try to bomb isis . 
  stop believing every problem in the world is our fault and that europe is innocent . 
  yep , great idea . 
  just another way we can jump ahead of europe . 
  europeans make americans seem incredibly rational when it comes to being ruled by emotions . 
  the bast majority of europeans have no idea what a gmo really is but are still against it . 
  same with the trade agreement , there is not even a document to be against yet and you are lininh up by the mile to protest what you dont know . 
  its not in the gutter . 
  they will take one hell of a fine and one hell of a hit in sales . 
  however , they will survive and we will forget . 
  ive never seen that lace thing before . 
  the wooden shoes , well mel gibson wore em best, 
  the epa does do that alot but they also let alot slip . 
  its soo unpredictable which is why companies try shit . 
  hm , they are probably going to get off cheap for lying to our regulators, 
  ` murican, 
  that article is good proof all the issues existed back in 2006 for the syrian civil war . 
  it gave options that could be exploited . 
  there is no evidence in that paper or any other that any option was taken . 
  there is some help . 
  alot of refugees are usually place in communities with a similar population so they can integrate . 
  syrians would probably only be place near syrians or jordanians ( not in a concentrated form though , 1 family in this townx 2 in this one etc ) . 
  this way the government can give the communities a bit of money to help them for the first 2 to 5 months . 
  regarding selection , we usually let the un hrc do the selecting and then the fbi vets people before we accept them . 
  i see frau merkel as wile e. coyote with her insane ideas and the rest of europe is avoiding all her silly traps i.e. 
  the roadrunner . 
  https://youtu.be/qwdfixn2mdo 1:40 to ~ 2:40 remind me of the last 2 weeks, 
  thanks norway , 
  i am in no way a moose jacker, 
  just ask general electric , vw , apple , microsoft , and bmw . 
  see who they want , 
  hopefully syriza wins . 
  in the us news , tsipras is portrayed as an idiot but the only idiot willing to do things a bit different . 
  any greek thoughts on this ? 
  jesus , i thought that was a swastika . 
  they aint even playing fake, 
  i couldnt concentrate enough to translate it , they were doing soooooo much, 
  im keeping the poutine and visiting tim hortons when i am near though . 
  cant take those . 
  you didnt have to translate that one lol, 
  you mean ham , right ? 
  all of america is the same but dont ever fucking call me a canadian . 
  i aint no beaver humper or moose jacker . 
  nope , that seems like ddcades ago now lol ... 
  good way to get decapitated, 
  yep , we started the syrian civil war back i 2006 . 
  this document is not pointing out that all the elements were already in place for sectarian violence by 2006 . 
  we are the devil , you caught us . 
  idiot . 
  yes , because our government making hypothetical plans makes us the devil . 
  no country in the world is `` good '' in the way most people consider it . 
  the purpose of a country is to protect it 's inhabitants . 
  our country plans for every single possible senario no matter how remote , as does every western european country . 
  history is full of the 1 in a millions happening . 
  countries that were friends for 200 years destroying each other in 5 . 
  you would be silly not to have a military command with a diversified strategy that can opperate all over the world in any situation . 
  if you think we are more evil for making hypothetic suggestions , you can go live in your happy imaginary world where everyone else is perfect . 
  nice ,, 
  stop being a dick to the one state actually offering to help . 
  luckily poland preserved some of them . 
  i am sure the germans would be willing to take the camps back . 
  look at # 2 . 
  you jerks knew russia would do this shiy 2 years ago . 
  you shoulda warned ukraine . 
  oh no , our government is logically dissecting a foreign state based on its crazy leader.everyone is doomed . 
  the swine said he might act irrationally . 
  it is nothing more than an intragovernmental assessment of another country . 
  most countries assess everyone they might possibly have to deal with diplomatically . 
  yep , cause you germany would be fine with terrorists killing 3000 people in berlin and then running away . 
  you wouldnt do shit would you ? 
  the migrants are going to come anyway , box those bad boys up and send them to turkey . 
  make a little pocket cash, 
  we will be blamed no matter so dont worry mate . 
  europe nukes middle east ? 
  terrorists bomb somewhere ? 
  fuck america etc. 
  read some of his english dude . 
  its google translate, 
  meh , english is a relatively easy language to communicate in . 
  the real benefit english has is that all the next superpowers speak much more complicated languages . 
  i ca n't see the world 's population trying to learn mandarin . 
  i think his english is not perfect so he feels more secure writing in french . 
  sometimes his ideas get lost in translation when i read his french compared to his english . 
  yeah sorry , i meant to type 500 mil  . 
  my phone disagrees when it comes to numbers . 
  the problem is you guys are making small countries defend the borders of 300 million people . 
  frontex needs to be given some money and a nice new pair of balls and let loose on the eu borders . 
  the traffickers usually sink the boats themselves .
