  i would go so far as to say that both copyright plans have their benefits and downsides . 
  they are definitely not based on the same cultural premises . 
  wow , if this is true , i truly feel bad for the greeks, 
  this might sound crazy to you but our cultures have different ways of refering to different products . 
  to you , a product with a geographical name has to come from that location . 
  to us , a name is just a name ae use to identify the type of item in question . 
  i write kleenex on my list all the time and sometimes buy puffs brand tissue , to me its the same thing, 
  i know we do , i was just saying that where i am from specifically most of the beaches i looked at as an investment . 
  the cities that border the beaches take care of them in the knowledge that during the summer it will bring a lot of tourists from other parts of indiana and chicago, 
  `` neither after them shall be such '' these are just a second class plague . 
  i have only ever been to the greatlakes in the us but the beaches have always been free and mostly clean o.o, 
  completely off topic but i would love to visit baltics one day  . 
  all three countries look like they have very cool cultures and architecture . 
  not here atleast , most people just say phone as a generic term for all types of phones . 
  `` phone number please ? 
  now is that your cell , home , or work phone ? '', 
  it disregards that they can all be different types of devices . 
  your argument seem to come only from a position of being completely opposed to the tt ip . 
  i was merely trying to inform you of why this is such an issue in the us . 
  i was not trying to give a slant for or against ttip . 
  regarding your claim on the iphone , if in the us the term iphone became known and regarded as the term for a cell phone in general , apple woudl lose its patent . 
  they would obviously try to fight it however under the law they would have no real defense . 
  it 's actually because once a term becomes common usage for a product people do not associate it with a certain company anymore . 
  when somebody is asking for a tissue here they are just as likely to say give me a kleenex as give me a tissue . 
  this is really a runoff from a type of consumer protection which prevents companies from copywriting the common usage term . 
  in the united states , once a term or name become the common term for a type of product it can no longer be copyrighted . 
  kleenex tissues have spent millions fighting the fact that their name is a common term because then they would lose the copyright, 
  wouldnt alot of this be down to large soviet migrations into the baltics ? 
  or is there some modern day phenomenon ? 
  i would very much like a synopsis please . 
  i do n't speak russian . 
  this ship seems kind of cheap actually , for the price of one aircraft carrier you can buy almost 16 of these ships as the ford class cost 10 billion each, 
  ahhah , that makes more sense . 
  i guess since we operate on a two party system it really is more undemocratic to kick somebody out of a party than in a place where there are multiple parties that they can join . 
  it is kind of like donald trump , he pissed off all of the heads of the republican party and all of the top party members in the last few days . 
  now if he wants to run , he will probably have to run as an independent because he 's lost any chance of the republican party backing . 
  i guess as an american , i ca n't understand the strict party discipline that most countries in europe force . 
  here people vote against their party all the time without much consequence unless they make an ass of themselves while doing it . 
  i know we do have some party discipline here , but it is definitely not nearly as open as in europe . 
  when party higher up try to punish somebody from voting against them they quickly get called undemocratic by the news media, 
  the more i read europe , the more i think that the cdu is a very slimy and dirty party, 
  its funny , they sell something for 100 that cost them 2 to make . 
  the inherent problem is , when they go to sell off all of the foreign currency reserves they 're going to increase the price of the frank again, 
  why collect next year 's taxes now ? 
  is it to try to keep a steady government income ? 
  i am confused , why are the collecting the next year 's taxes and if there the next year 's taxes , why are they not being removed from the next year 's payments ? 
  your country needs to put the fear of the irs in you , i 'm too afraid not to pay taxes in the us because if i got caught the penalties would be much much worse than the taxes were, 
  you always use the same smilley o.o , not a bad one but it doesnt always work , 
  its just light hearted journalism . 
  do you not have it ? 
  united states of europe . 
  use . 
  use . 
  use, 
  i think you will enjoy this . 
  then should the rest of the country have to allow them back if it fails ? 
  the us integrity is paramount , it leads to prosperity . 
  one region should not be able to ( for lack of a better word ) f ** k the rest of the country . 
  all of our states also owe their prosperity to the federal gov ' t which would never be repaid if they left . 
  canadian apecial forces were just deployed to your location . 
  do not worry , they will apologize as they kill you . 
  its not like germany where people are rational , only the people wanting independence will vote for a constitution change . 
  if the government tried to let a state leave , they would have another rebellion on their hands as they were tried for treason . 
  i firmly believe that if you have a union of states , groups can not be allowed to leave as they see fit as this would disrupt stability ( people would start thinking of themselves as separate groups ) . 
  i also would fight to keep the union together  . 
  but hey , thats just an american perspective on unity ( one out of 330,000,000 perspectives ), 
  texas would have to defeat the rest of the u.s army . 
  bavaia only has to convince the rest of germany to change the cobstitution . 
  is there no push for indpendece ? 
  are the regions not actually united ? 
  would franc3 never let go ? 
  i am asking because i really have no idea . 
  in my experience in us highschool in n. indian ( michiana if you are from here ) , they actively recruit people for spanish . 
  in fact , in my achool , you could not go through the senior year without 2 trimesters of spanish or french as we did not have enough classes to fill a schedule . 
  it does not seem like much but i can def . 
  read spanish and speak it a little ( easier to read than speak ) . 
  in college you have to take a foreign language . 
  alot of americans do know where you are comming from especially in the south west and midwest where there are alot of people who speak spanish as a first language . 
  the towns are def adapting as businesses around here want to be able to sell to everyone . 
  do n't forget that the us gov ' t has to deal though interpreters for business as well . 
  its not like we can just use english to negotiate the ttip or ttp . 
  most negotiations of any importance use a translator ... 
  the problem is , even if the eu adopts this as the common language of law , the rest of the world probably will not . 
  the eu maybe a european instituion designed to keep peace in europe but it looks outwards as much as it looks inwards . 
  something like 1.5 billion people can speak english . 
  i am also going to assume that a larger number than that can communicate in it but not necessarily `` speak '' it to a degree they would admit it . 
  the only other language that comes close would be mandarin , which is a langauge that for most def . 
  requires alot more time to learn as it is not based on letters but characters . 
  most westerns would have a hard time learning mandarin specifically because of the sheer number of characters and the amount of meanings each one can take on depending on context . 
  besides , when you add in spanish , french , portuguese , russia , etc a large portion of the world can communicate effectively with the eu the way things are because you have over 3 billion speakers . 
  how could you be sooo mean , i know we 've had our differences but to leave us out ... :( . 
  im just gon na go in the corner but i am def . 
  alright ( crying ), 
  that list , with uk in place of us , is exactly how i feel, 
  i bet ya even apple thinks this is going to far . 
  i say give the kurds abrams and let them fix the borders england and france fucked up . 
  the army or finland  but seriously , i am american and i would have trouble getting a grenade, 
  interesting , i thought all eastern european countries were viewed as orthodox . 
  on a side note , is belarus really the america hating country its portrayed as ; basically as russia 2.0 ? 
  * edit * add in the fact that our gov is incompetent in ever aspect and you can see why we dont let th do too much .
