  we only had one issue , ironically a crazy german . 
  everyone else was perfectly fine and joined in community events . 
  everyone here is a mut so just enjoy everyone you meet , 
  that is definitely an issue . 
  i had no trouble finding a job out of school and i worked with people from all over the world . 
  the company i work for even brought people from china japan and the middle east based on their degrees . 
  alot of the race issues will take time to solve . 
  there are still black people who remember national guard being called on them when they protested and there are white national guard who were happy to go . 
  we have to let the racism die with the generations and fight what we can now but realize alot is ingrained and will take time . 
  we actually do not get many asylum requests of the type europe is dealing with . 
  we usually get between 60 and 110k and accept about 30k . 
  russia was not an ally between 1917 and 1941 , they were an ally for 3 years , then they were the enemy again . . 3 years an ally does not makem, 
  maybe ask a south korean what they think of your opinion . 
  there have been small anyi american protests but large pro american viewpoints . 
  they matter in this equation a whole lot more than you do . 
  the soviets appointed the n. korean leader , monkey boy . 
  the leader in the south was benign by comparison and the southern leaders helped korea boom economically and become a democracy . 
  i dont get how they can have jurisdiction over companies in another country . 
  we have no cobtrol over european companies based in europe . 
  how is it a good thing that france , italy , and spain had riots over a little competitions . 
  * edit * you win , i didnt think it was / s, 
  it is a great deterrence . 
  look at korea , the north has not tried their shit since the 50s . 
  i think alot of it has to do with the engines themselves . 
  they arnt made even close to a similar way so the factories couldnt just be converted . 
  the nazis needed trains so they utilized what they could . 
  instead of just having 5 diesel trains , they could have 5 diesel and 2 steam . 
  i do n't know what type of peanut butter you 've been eating but the stuff that usually have about 75 calories for the whole sandwhich, 
  its bigger than a rifle but its no war winner . 
  unless they massively up its armor , its basically an up armored humvee, 
  so , when do they start issuing muskets ? 
  or driving shermans ? 
  most german trains were stolen from poland which did not have thise in abundance, 
  roast beef is amazing . 
  i cant see much more they can do lol, 
  my french teacher brought back 3 european p.nut butters with her and let us try them . 
  they are on a different scale than us . 
  you can not compare them in any sense of the word . 
  the romgarians sound like someone whos going to invade the eu and kick their ass . 
  peanuy butter is usually salty and savory . 
  some brands are sweet but most barely . 
  there are literally 10 brands at walmart alone . 
  would all the art and gold have to be returned ? 
  * edit * or is this concentration camp gold ? 
  ( teeth , etc. ), 
  they also get a cool panzer train to show off at a museum, 
  100m is roughly 330 feet . 
  a modern boxcar is 60 feet long in the us . 
  so roughly 4 boxcar train when engine and coal taken into account ? 
  the us usually only accepts 20 to 50,000 asylum seekers a year so we look bad o.o. 
  we do only average 71,000 asylum requests a year though . 
  we do have around 33,000 illegal inhabitants per 1,000,000 people . 
   years which really matter ( e.g. 
  if the invasion of poland kicks it off , or czechoslovakia , or operation barbarossa to the surrender of japan or surrender of germany ) : ? 
  1933 onwards , after the bastard took over  noun associated with the warfare period ( e.g. 
  shelter , fear , patriotism , survival ) : ? 
  survival and then patriotism . 
  my uncle worked on the west coast and he has mentioned how they truly believed the japs would invade . 
  he and his friends thought they would have to go defend american beaches . 
  obviously this died down when we decimated japand fleet . 
   noun associated with the end of the war ( e.g. 
  victory , defeat , subjugation , happiness ) : ? 
  victory  the role of your country in the war ( e.g. 
  pulling power , battlefield , punching bag ) : ? 
  bank , weapons supplier , fighter  the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss ( e.g. 
  i have no idea if any americans fought for germany besides one scene in the tv show band of brothers ...  the role of national partisans within your country ( e.g. 
  miniscule , patriotic , necessary ) : ? 
  none, 
  i agree . 
  in fact , i think we ( us ) need to accept more imigrants to continue at the top . 
  new ideas and ways of thinking to exploit have helped countries since the greek city states . 
  we have 360 mil people , we can afford a hundred thousand people without problem . 
  more than likely they would be south americans though . 
  i think your country has a bad case of colonial guilt sir . 
  would you like a glass water ? 
  how ... . . white people hating whiter people ? 
  i worked for an agricultural testing lab and the shit xf can do to groves is crazy . 
  italy needs to contain this epidemic fast or all europeans will pay at the register . 
  if you are looking for bombs on the internet , i think its ok if the fbi stings you . 
  its almost always a formulated plan where the fbi is the one `` selling '' the materials . 
  the fbi is not convincing people to do it but making sure they get duds, 
  you want 100 % freedom ,100 % protection , 100 % privacy , 100 % health , and 100 % review . 
  hmmmm . 
  this would be called a dream world . 
  do we want it to be a dream world ? 
  even americans want peace and security which is why we ally with some unsavory characters . 
  in the real world , some freedoms have to be given up for safety , some safety must be given up to maintain freedom . 
  the flip side of the coin is : europeans could have more privacy and safety if you spy on everyone else but then no one else is allowed privacy . 
  jeez 12 percent is like stealing over 2 trillion in the us ... ... 
  imagine if someone did that shit, 
  they stop attacks all the time ... ffs in nyc in the span of 2 months they caught 3 seperate people who were unconected in 2014, 
  even when its done , it wont work ... when i was in texas , someone took a mexican deuce and half and rammed through a weaker section of fence ... it took down like 5 sections at once . 
  why would these people be any less desperate ? 
  you forgot the / s, 
  that is the stupidest comment i have ever seen . 
  they were the property of whoever had them at the time . 
  all the successor states did not just give all the government owned property to moscow because it was theirs . 
  they have as much rights as the russians . 
  why do you think ukraine has a kgb archive ? 
  they inherited it ...
