  interesting ... are europeans ok with this ? 
  seems a bit odd . 
  communists = traitors to humanity . 
  socialists = ok . 
  they are almost always flush with the road . 
  they surround the steel with concrete and then go to asphault to prevent the potholes . 
  its basically a 6 ft by 6 ft concrete square with the man hole in the middle . 
  the asphault is then laid over the tapering edges of the concrete to prevent pot holes . 
  holy shit , i hope thos article has an agenda because i cant imagine this happening . . 
  the trans pacific partnership . 
  tpp https://ustr.gov/tpp/ edit , yes we are trying to make free trade agreements with all of europe and alot of asia all at once, 
  i wonder if american businesses really care . 
  we are getting a much better benefit from the tpp as it includes a bunch of unsaturated markets . 
  i know alot of medium sized towns are starting to build bike bridges over major roads so you do not have to cross the road . 
  its very nice, 
  i am the negative dclauzel  i learned french is uni but i dont speak it . 
  i use it to read french novels , some of which are amazing and need to be english translated, 
  our elections have always been long since the 1800 's . 
  england is just copying our awsomeness . 
  if you want to see a fun election . 
  look up what andrew jackson and his opponents said about each other, 
  dclauzel would be happy if this sub was named r/dclauzel and nothing more or less, 
  i was expecting dclauzel to have posted this . 
  you fake dclauzel : / everytime i see french in a title , i think of him . 
  everytime i read french , i think of him now lol ( which is annoying as i am reading a french novel atm ), 
  i like santa with the heroes, 
  sometimes it does.when your talking about death tolls like that how it moral to let 3 mil people die over 300,000 ? 
  1.2 million us and 2.4 million japanese losses predicted versus 300,000 japanese losses . 
  makes no sense , ikr/s, 
   and yeah , those kids in hiroshima , guilty as hell . 
  completely different scenario which is not comparable . 
  the us military estimated 100,000 us casualties and 220,000 japanese casualties a month for the first year . 
  at the time , dropping the bomb was the only way to win quickly . 
  the us leadership had no idea the japanese were in such a bad state and the russians never told us the japanese asked them to mediate peace . 
  the holocaust was plain murder . 
  no matter how you look at it , it was senseless murder, 
  ok , i was confused . 
  yes you are right . 
  it is illegal , you just cant turn them away without an assylum decision, 
  only a few countries allow citizenship by military service . 
  even here , in the us , you have to have a green card to join the army . 
  yep , germans are the experts at murdering civilians . 
  however , we attempt to ensure they are guilty . 
  edit , if its not clear , this is just me taking your turning of the conversation to it 's extreme . 
  the thing is , it is intentionally vague . 
  you can make it illegal all you want , under international guidelines yoi have to consider their application . 
  i actually would be happy if we just nullified all patents of drug companies that refused to sell to our government . 
  we have a legal right under international law to choose how we punish criminals . 
  we have decided that capital punishment is acceptable . 
  these drug companies are forcing us to use untried drugs which sometimes are less than effective to carry out our rights . 
  europe has all rights to make its own moral choices , i dont care what you do . 
  europe has no right to make our moral choices . 
  if the companies are purely european then they can make their own decisions but the second they operate in the usa , they are american aswell . 
  opinion . 
  actually , although i know its not popular , europe is a member to all asylum seeker protocols . 
  there is nothing saying they have to ask for asylum in the first country they go into . 
  it states they have to be given the chance to apply in any country once they have left theirs ( paraphrasing ) . 
  it also states you can not make it illegal for them to enter your country . 
  hmm sounds like we need to start ignoring european copyrights ( ofc . 
  the copyrights will still be on the books but we will just ignore them ) i am thinking we start with all drugs , especially those used in lethal injections . 
  i can not tell if you are a horrible person and saying they should not rescue refugees from burning buildings or if i read that wrong, 
  ignore us place names . 
  we stole most of them from the indians so they do not follow any time of english rules, 
  you are probably more learned on ttip than most meps . 
  i really meant bringing it up in any context . 
  people will instantly think of germany , holocaust , and genocide, 
  interesting logic you have there . 
   if you 're the gent that you are , you 'll be able to click the link , scroll down to the listed sources , . e.g [ * the assessment of endocrine disrupting properties in efsa conclusions * by the european food and safety authority ] ( http://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/supporting/pub/867e ) actually i tend to believe very little i read unless they link the source . 
  i geberally trust ap , afp , bbc , cbc , reuters , npr , and some times aljazeera as their webpages usually have sources at the ends of the articles i can read for more information . 
  the issue with any pesticide is that they are almost always going to target something with human homology . 
  unless you can find a pathway with no relations to mammals or related proteins , it will affect everything so we are definitely poisoning ourselves . 
  our perfect pesticide would work quickly , have a useful half life ( which would be quick enough it would be gone before human consumption and be destroyed before it could affect the ecosystem ) , and be water soluble so we could wash it off . 
  that would improve farming everywhere, 
  just weeks before the regulations were dropped there had been a barrage of lobbying from big european firms such as dupont , bayer and basf over edcs . 
  the chemical industry association cefic warned that the endocrines issue `` could become an issue that impairs the forthcoming eu-us trade negotiations '' . 
  it was european companies using it as an excuse 2 . 
  it is also not convincing as it shows no sources except links to other guardian articles with no sources, 
  germany will not be forgiven by usa , russia , and israel likely for a few more generations . 
  its different for eu countries since you have no choice but to interact with them daily . 
  isa has alot of veterans still alive as well as a large jewish minority ( same reason we support israel no matter what they do ) . 
  russia and israel for obvious reasons . 
  they did kill millions 2 . 
  every collaborator and german allied country is just as guilty edit , forgot to add my main point lol 3 . 
  germany has shown it repents many times and israel bringing it up non stop will not change the past, 
  yea , give us some credit, 
  yep , thats what i said . 
  i a not taking into account how biased this news site is orhow it obviously has been following a specific agenda . 
  just , this news site is bad . 
  maybe link a site with any proof . 
  i have been reading this same claim for a month now and it went from using a single activist as the source to not have a true source at all . 
  this is not a new site in any sense of the idea . 
  edit , ffs they have to disprove heir own headline `` the headline to this article says `` despite the public 's overwhelming opposition , '' but the publicly available scientific polling on these secret treaties is also being gamed '' is a fancy way of saying this is what we think so the polls are wrong, 
  yep , i mean this news site is not biased at all . 
  they also provide soooooo much proof for their claims . 
  yep , stupid statistic . 
  russia killed 45 fighters yesterday but they were only targeting the leader that was there the rest were just unintended but still enemies, 
  silly way to think . 
  itll take longer for the government to impose all it 's fines . 
  it will be like bp and keep it in the press for a while . 
  i keep forgetting you are just a troll to ignore without any arguments,
