  private , usually 30 or 40,000 plus . 
  edit * from what i have heard from foreign students , our universities generally have better equiped or more expensive under graduate labs compared to alot of places . 
  this one is just hearsay though, 
  im not european but this is interesting . 
  my cost per year was around ~ 8,000 . 
  i live in indiana and went to purdue in indiana so i qualified for a sheetload of grants . 
  i ended up paying around 300 per semester after all the indiana student in good standing grants came up . 
  i would just get fired, 
  he reminds me of goombahs from the 1990s mario movie . 
  http://www.mariowiki.com/goomba_ ( film ), 
  not you ... sighhh, 
  of course americans rank higher , our companies have more money to spend . 
  look at walmart , no one would call them a social warrior but even a small percentage of their money is enough to list them . 
  they only give a small percentage of sales to the community but it keeps so many nonprofits alive . 
  europe just needs companies with enough money . 
  this going to be a shit storm . 
  the old , failures are going to come back by lying and then greece will be at square 1 . 
  atleast alexis was something slightly different . 
  they let them be communist ? 
  does greece have 55 billion in assets it can sell ? 
  all the news i have read indicates they do not have nearly enough assets to liquidate, 
  the fact is : they try . 
  if they could find a back door , they would look at every single file . 
  the only issue is they dont have as many resources . 
  however , do not kid yourself into thinking they would spy less if they has the money, 
  the europeans spy as much as we do . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  ok , thank you . 
  makes more sense now . 
  at first look like complete chaos, 
  because they would hate them no matter the race . 
  the rage is all encompassing . 
  do they use engines for maneuvering in the port ? 
  i wasnt aware sail boats could navigate so well . 
  google drive is required at my school  . 
  it is how tas share information and power points . 
  we have hundreds using with no issues so if you need group collaboration this could be a nice cheap service . 
  i feel as though this has less to do with racism and more to do with immigration . 
  the germans who are being attacked because they are of other origin i probably being lumped in together with the immigrants . 
  i 'm going to guess that be germans are not very happy with immigrants from poor european countries either that have issues adapting . 
  is that what you get when you combine get and bent ? 
  hey asshole gent . 
  socialism would only work if a market based on demand underpinned it . 
  with a market you have 7 billion people making decisions . 
  in a soviet style country , only a few hundred make those same decisions and they can never have the same amount of info as the market . 
  something wrong tiny russia ? 
  i am judging everyone in that picture . 
  that girl on the slide is the easiest to judge . 
  in chicago and the lake michigan area , the police will just grab unattended stuff ( not stuff thats been there 5 mins but hours ) . 
  they will then put in local city lost and found until its time to destroy, 
  in the us you can get attempted murder for a string across the trail . 
  barbed wire would probably include extra charges . 
  during the us civil war , lincoln basically declared and emergency and pulled peoples rights to say pro rebel things . 
  he also arrested people without charge for the entire course of the war and only freeing them once the war was over . 
  why would you want to block the wind ? 
  unless the wind was incredibly strong , i love the feel of it on the beach . 
  nice smell , feels nice , and cools you off . 
  yea ... i meant alot of times the kidnapped person gets killed . 
  it works out better for criminals if they get away ( only a few have ) . 
  thats usually how it happens in developed countries . 
  you kill them right away so they arnt a problem and then take the money and run . 
  it probably has alot to do with the fact that police used the turn over of the money to catch a few criminals . 
  that is the problem with polonium flavor tea, 
  i think it 's only legal in finland and estonia, 
  it does kind of help that turkey is very stupid on the matter . 
  they wont fight them hard enough to beat them and they wont give any concessions to make them give up arms, 
  jesus , is all of uk so expensive ? 
  our house was 200,000 with 10 acres, 
  that would be how you pronounce poutine . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/poutine putin is more poo-tin . 
  hes a tin of excrement . 
  because russian . 
  have you see the videos about life in russia ? 
  everyone is drunk , incompetent , or jumping in front of moving cars for insurance . / s, 
  theres a huge problem , lithuania is a bit to small . 
  looks like its side os chopped off . 
  better fix that, 
  our flags already on the moon sooooo ... . all we have to do is claim it right ? 
  * edit * the flag is white now ... so the moon is french :(, 
  i say we blame croatia . 
  see i can say stupid stuff aswell, 
  you can never trust a dirty neutral . 
  what drives a man to have neutrality in his heart ? 
  the lust for power , greed , or both ? 
  all the back and forth is hilarious . 
  we must crush these 3 geese really well so no poor can salvage them . 
  pasticio and gyros * thumbs up greece *, 
  well it worked in the soviet union . 
  that thing blew up and little chaos, 
  yes , learned since i can remember in illinois . 
  i actually gave up a very nice job with full benefits to go back to school :p . sometimes tou have to do what ya love and damn the money, 
  yes because the sanctions are worth half of russia 's economy ? 
  dont forget , when you graduate , america needs engineers som ` thin fierce . 
   maybe visit for a while and make some cash, 
  because they know the us govt would never allow it . 
  chrysler was only sold because it was sell or go out of business, 
  european car manufacturers are alot more effecient than us , sadly . 
  thry might win on cost, 
  it is if you work in a museum . 
  i have no idea how it is in europe but their are alot of historians here .
