  ok thats all of european history  . <, 
  venice ? 
  edit * mark i think . 
  the ottoman empire did burn like tinder . 
  however , it did give us turkey . 
  go allies . 
  i do n't know who exactly it was but british monarchs were cray cray ( crazy ) . 
  hitler , is it hitler ? 
  it 's hitler right ? 
  is it hitler ? 
  or was it the warejew ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee3oskr2v4e maybe ? 
  the polygamy throws me off ... . . 
  the division of poland ? 
  the fall of the ottoman empire ? 
  i cant see why . 
  she was very diplomatic concering a contentious issue in germany . 
  she had no right to make an exception for a single person . 
  * edit * format p.s. 
  i do not even want to think what a republican would have said here but i imagine it would be along the lines of `` get the f *** out of my country '' . 
  the mongols starting the movement of the black death into europe ? 
  dustup at lake trasimene ? 
  edit * i messed up funny uropeein spelling, 
  columbus finding the best continents ever ? 
  would we have to take all of scotland or could we throw some of it to europe ? 
  xf is a horrible bacterium that is almost impossible to clean up . 
  all it takes to spread is one leaf blowing off a tree and hitting another tree . 
  there is no possible way to blame the scientists specifically . 
  in fact , just by touching an infected tree and moving on to another tree ( say when harvesting ) you are very likely going to spread the bacteria . 
  i feel like most italian farmers do not bleach every single piece of equipment or their hands and bodies between touching every single tree . 
  yes because you european did so good with a problem before nato stepped in to bomb . 
  your diplomacy completely cocked up the situation and did nothing useful to solve the problem, 
  they were literally ethnically cleansed in the area . 
  your argument is literally that we should have let them kick everybody out except for the serbian, 
  snowden betrayed his country and luckily he will never be able to come back, 
  we may think erdogan is a fuck up but most americans have positive views of our allies . 
  turkey has been our ally for quite a long time so it follows that most americans are either neutral or positive for turkey, 
  you are very good at ignoring what what 's happening at the time, 
  https://youtu.be/1wo2tllmhiw good video, 
  the vietnamese hate the chinese in a rivalry going back 1200 years . 
  anyone helping them against the chinese would be liked . 
  they also generally dont blame the us entirely for the war . 
  they know we did not really care about vietnam ( in that sense they are much smarter than the average american ) but were completely opposed to the soviet union . 
  dont look up tomorrow when we bomb your ass . 
  both of the last two major leaks had the issue of releasing too much information . 
  if manning and snowden had released only information relevant to what they were exposing , we have laws in place to protect them as whistleblowers . 
  however , they both released much more information than what they were exposing and this is treason in the government i can promise you that most americans take the government stance on them . 
  if the government tried to forgive either of them right now , the democrats or the republicans , whomever did the forgiving , would definitely be voted out of power . 
  we do only give them around 17 % of their military budget, 
  let 's face it , israel and turkey are two peas in a pod . 
  they both have very good lobbies in washington and we support both of them for strategic reasons . 
  that does not mean that they have not been good allies, 
  truthfully , the numbers probably would have thrown off the data too much so they were taken off, 
  i wonder if they would notice if we cut our support payments to them . 
  its only 2 times as much as the next highest payment, 
  it 's hard to put a number to '' go f *** yourself with the telephone pole '', 
  that will probably continue . 
  turkey has basically been a good partner since atat\u00fcrk came to power and a good ally since they joined nato . 
  i ca n't see any time in the future when the us president does not support turkey, 
  they do n't give a f *** that every time we support them we are hurting our reputation with almost every other country on earth, 
  why in the hell does israel dislike obama ? 
  we have supported israel in almost every stupid thing they have done, 
  let 's also just forget that tens of thousands of foreigners visit the us everyday without a problem . 
  there must have been something to flag them , even if it was as simple as the father having a normal felony . 
  thank you , i personally think the united states is going to go the way of nuclear with a mix of green energy for electricity and hydrogen for vehicle . 
  the nuclear energy would be the steadfast dependable well the green energy was there to add to the system . 
  the hydrogen for vehicles would be best as it would allow us to continue our habits as we have them now . . you would be able to just go to a hydrogen station and fill up your vehicle, 
  so not one of us americans will understand it ? 
  i think we need to spend more time on a molten salt reactor , the us military developed one but it had a small accident and melted down . 
  this is completely frozen research in that area . 
  molten salt reactors would not make the fuel incident but it greatly extends the life of the uranium mixture, 
  the anti-nuclear agenda has a big boost from soviet designed reactors . 
  they are unsafe , unprotected , and without a shielding building . 
  western reactors like france has , are actually very safe and have been getting safer . 
  the biggest problem is that new ones have not been built in decades to replace old ones, 
  actually it does not include the russians killed in world war 2, 
  my votes does not matter  . 
  i live in a republican state in the usa and i vote democrat , the presidential votes are awarded all or none . 
  from an outsiders perspective , eu rules only seem to apply when it is convenient for the german speakers . 
  germany yells austerity non-stop while having an illegal trade surplus that hurts the eastern and southern europeans , who they are forcing austerity upon , the most . 
  in all other union countries , money is moved from one region to another to ensure everyone is equal except in the eu . 
  '' classified '' and '' spotted '' my ass . 
  if they wanted it to remain classified , they would not have flown it in central moscow , this was just a way for them to give a pic of it . 
  they are just as capable of maintaining military secrets as we are . 
  we kept the stealth helicopter nice and secret until the osama raid . 
  they could to, 
  its more the recent history of france since about 1960 . 
  it is actually not a troll since no one else on earth comes even close . 
  it is truly impressive that you made 2 super powers give up trying to fight your espionage, 
  there 's a reason france is known as the greatest conductor of industrial espionage in the world . 
  without the espionage , the french defense industry would not exist, 
  the chinese not liking russia is an understatement , you guys almost went to war three times during the cold war . 
  for f **** sake , our president had to stop you one time, 
  we have such a capable military that nuclear weapons dont matter except to deter russia . 
  a good example of this in a non nuclear sense : it 's the same when talking about weapons systems . 
  western countries ( japan , united states , united kingdom , etc ) usually downplay what their weapon systems can do while countries like china russia and north korea tend to overestimate what the system can do . 
  are you saying british men and woman look exactly alike ? 
  yep , it wont solve anything . 
  israel isnt going to give up the land without their consent and the pa refuse to negotiate at all , they want 100 % of what they want . 
  he is literally a russian troll .
