  the fbi spies on us citizens , not the cia . 
  there is no chance in hell that the germans do not spy on other countries . 
  they would be a bad government if they did not . 
  i wonder if it has helped . 
  in the us , i see people caught in stings on the news where they tried to commit a terrorist act . 
  i wonder , has this intelligence bonanza done anything or could the fbi do it by it self . 
  can i have double bleach in mine ? 
  and some ketchup, 
  its slimy and moldy and not ` murican enough ` murica up that cheese son, 
  jesus , i hope they can track this . 
  defrauding an education ministry . 
  next they will be stealing from the ministry of old ladies baking cookies and offering one to you very kindly . 
  probably the fact alot of people remember you all as one country . 
  thats a nice looking machine pistol , compact aswell, 
  you are not doing enough ... or maybe too much, 
  put them in the european parliament . 
  let the e.u. 
  deal with it , literally . 
  i feel like delta force needs an all expense paid vacation to eastern ukraine . 
  we can even send some vehicles to off road in and some guns to target shoot . 
  well send missles aswell so they can get a little training while they are at it . 
  our free market works perfect . 
  there are 5 huge ones and hundreds of smaller but no european ones . 
  most european wont even allow tests on gm crops . 
  europe over produces because of cap . 
  your prices are to high so there are to many farmers . 
  if it were not true , your governments would not have to buy so much of the food . 
  we have the same problem here with the government ove4 subsidizing the food . 
  so much gets grown and thrown . 
  by any chance are you talking about the 5 main gmo companies in the us . 
  you know , the ones that have a very good corner on the market because europe refuses to allow gmos . 
  those ones ? 
  mexican illegals are keeping small town usa alive . 
  i enjoy having them . 
  you might be more of a `` specially abled '' person . 
  why should the rest of europe leave nato because one guy from bulgaria wants it that way . 
  if you dont like the us , dont pay attention to us . 
  this is insanely rich comming from people who stopped the prague spring . 
  dude , the us is the devil . 
  if he stubbed his toe , he would yell `` damn us is at it again '' . 
  i could care less about your opinion . 
  you are in the minority which means no one cares, 
  polish vodka is miles ahead of that russian crap, 
  have you ever spent hundreds of billions of dollars protecting your friends after the thing you cared about was over ? 
  luckily for you , some europeans are not assholes . 
  if you dont want warmongers in europe , then you better increase your military spending by quite a bit . 
  yes because the largest consumer products companies in the world are trying to poison russia . 
  putin is a retard and is not even happy to allow his people choice at the store . 
  anyone ready for some sexy gulags ? 
  the a 10 is a canon with a little bit of a plane on it . 
  except for the newest ta k russia just released , the a 10 can smoke the rest of their shit . 
  now with 1,000 % more stalin adoration, 
  makes more sense . 
  thanks, 
  its not really destruction as we have a completely different culture than you . 
  our culture is ever evolving with new arrivals and is not static ( same as yours if you would admit it ) . 
  we also have a very important law which states any one born in the us is a us citizen . 
  the next generation are not immigrants or citizenless people , they are americans . 
  it is not like many countries around the world where you can be born citizenless , you are a citizen from birth ( whether you like it or not ) . they are part of the country and the future . 
  they can not destroy the future they are helping to build . 
  i am very conservative on many things , however , i firmly believe that if you are born on us soil then you are a citizen . 
  with this belief , i could never agree with you . 
  with this reasoning , i am expecting greece to produce hubdreds of thousands of terrorists . 
  watch out , the next time you hear gyro , it will be somone blowing themselves up . 
  i will warn ya now . 
  it wont help and it will be expensive if they actually try to enforce it . 
  we have some experience with this technique . 
  ... how do they get to belgium ? 
  or does belgiume just sell aks, 
  i enjoy rain aswell though . 
  however , i could see being sick of what you have . 
  i get depressed and less willing to talk to people after like 6 days of rain . 
  i am like `` why wont the sky just die . 
  die precipitation '', 
  central il , usa . 
  ~ 200 nice days a year without over cast or precipitation, 
  wtf dude ? 
  where do they come from ? 
  thats actually the country i meant , 
  there are a few african countries that would disagree that syrians are the most deserving . 
  why does everyone think that local companies can just produce everything ? 
  alot of these goods are produced by companies as 60 to 100 years of experience . 
  they are not something that you can just start making tomorrow . 
  there 's a good reason every country including western countries import medical supplies from each other . 
  if the most advanced countries ca n't produce everything , how could how how could anyone ? 
  actually i can think of 13 organizations to help you if you are pior off the top of my head . 
  most people are too proud to take the help, 
  thats why i suggest stop all benefits so only the truly desperate come around . 
  i think the biggest issue is that europe is to nice . 
  europeans want to be nice to every immigrant and help them succeed , which costs money . 
  in the us , we didnt do shit to help anyone . 
  you got a job right away and worked your ass off . 
  if you did not do that , you starved . 
  we have had food pantries for over 100 years but that was a response to all the dying . 
  i agree with europeans , these people are comming for benefits . 
  the insentives have to be stopped . 
  only the ones truly in danger ( syrians , somalis , and iraqis ) will come if there are no benefits . 
  the countries giving the benefits are also hurting the rest of the eu as the migrants have to pass through all these other countries ilegally . 
  then all these countries have to help them just so they can leave the country . 
  actually , there were alot of indians there .
