  to be fair tackling a suicide bomber would just lead to him blowing himself up, 
  does he actually know what he 's saying most of the time ? 
  china has around ~ 377 fighters that could be dangerous to us . 
  the other ~ 1330 are outmatched by the f-16 or early f-18s its that simple . 
  or , it could be that the chinese airforce is still insignificant at this point . 
  most of their fighters would get massacred by f-16s, 
  ive never had tirkish kebab but this site makes me want it, 
  i think most of the world would rather go to war with you and then join you . 
  not a very good federation of the planet, 
  with all of the latest laws , i think my government might be spying on you guys less than your own government, 
  russia is a country of good people led by retarded monkies . 
  their leaders throw shit at a map and see where it sticks to determine who to invade next, 
  theres a whole movie on it , must be true, 
  this is going to get taken down . 
  you sir are delusional . 
  obama gave france a blank check , should be good enough, 
  that 's funny considering the europeans have never been in the middle east there would be no problems . 
  are you forgetting about all of the weird borderline . 
  all of the tribes pitted against each other for a hundred years . 
  soviet invasion of afghanistan which destabilized a semi stable country, 
  i really dont think you actually know what capitalism is . 
  you are many times worse than anything he says, 
  nice , i really like it, 
  all warfare is not directed at capitalism . 
  the amount of people , the staggering amount of people that have died as a direct result of communism is unbelievable . 
  communist make hitler look like he was playing child game, 
  i am not sure `` allowed '' is the correct word, 
   or look at capitalism ; communism would have a lot of work to do to catch up with the number of deaths and suffering capitalism caused . 
  i think you need to reexamine the death toll i 'm all of the communist countries just in the last 100 years . 
  poland cant into genocide ? 
  unlike europe we will will just send the ship back, 
  i didnt know slovakia existed ... 
   if ttip were simply an agreement to an across the board lowering of standards to the lowest common denominator , negotiations would already be over . 
  as it is , the eu will be keeping its bans on things like gmo and chlorinated chicken , and the us will continue its bans on things like dangerous cheeses and haggis . 
  nice attempt at making it sound like the european ban are so much more rational than the american ones, 
  i see a shotload of focuses , like mine . 
  cheap with alot of room, 
  reminds me of samurai jack . 
  good animation / style, 
  germans are damn good at killing . 
  look at the last two world wars , took a fucking sledgehammer to push back germanys ball peen . 
  i was hoping for : lads on war . 
  china made a copy of it , vastly inferior . 
  european planes will be worthless since russia has a next gen plane aswell . 
  the writing it on the wall for the f-16 . 
  the f-18 isnt much better, 
  we bought the canadian version lol, 
  we used it from inteoduction until '75, 
  the f-35 is having issues but its literally the next big jump once its working well , the frame will be good for 35 years, 
  if trump was elected president , the middle east would have no idea what hit it . 
  he would definitely send troops everywhere which would be a disaster for us, 
  i can see it , 
  our largest chain of super markets `` krogers '' offers the same thing as whole foods cheaper now . 
  obviously they dont have the selection but it is improving rapidly, 
  thats because heinz ketchup is perfect in everyway, 
  we literally have the same breads as europe . 
  ive had french french bread ( 1 day old i will admit ) and it was no different than my ( 2 day old ) french bread from the bakery, 
  europe really is not under a threat that nato needs to address . 
  i dont think russia will attack nato , russians have proved themselves too intelligent to destroy themselves, 
  there are quite a few foods that are considered unfit for human consumption here . 
  most of them are eaten all over the rest of the world but they have had issues or more likely to contain some sort of disease, 
  do n't even argue with idiots like this . 
  all you have to do is ask a simple question : what would they say if the parties were in the opposite position ? 
  they would say it was completely against the constitution . 
  that 's all you need to think about, 
  maybe europe should do something that actually matters instead of just these gestures all the time . 
  oh and i ca n't forget all the complaining, 
  your life must be fun working as a mc donalds cashier . 
  why the hell would we visit europe when we have more diversity here / cheaper, 
  was expecting nazis . 
  why not heat the asian mix ? 
  yep , i feel ashamed that europe wont help with the burden of developing new medications . 
  without the us healthcare system , their would be no lead to develope `` rare '' cures . 
  ashamed that in defense and development europe lets us eat the costs nonstop to pay for their systems . 
  europe is good at preaching and nothing more , 
  170 m people spread in the us is a whole lot more populated than a few million spread through canada, 
  that is just a plain stupid argument . 
  you have to have hospitals within a reasonable distance of everyone . 
  if they closed and centralised hopitals like you are insinuating , people would die of heart attacks that would have previously been saved . 
  that is not acceptable, 
  yep , because the us and the rest of the oecd is comparable / s. 
  uk :660 ppl / sq.mile eu : 186.76 ppl / sq. 
  mile us : 85 ppl/sq . 
  mile the fact is we have alot more land that our health system has to cover with fewer people per area so everything will cost more . 
  everyone wants to disregard logistics , logistics can not be disregarded . 
  our military is the strongest because of logistsics . 
  they only have to pay a deductible if its not medically required ( see acne treatment etc ) and the deductible is $ 200/year after which everything is free ( see acne again lol ), 
  hm , maybe less go sark . 
  florida is known as america 's penis here and its pan-handle deep into egypt :p, 
  there is no particular brand ( i only ever see it from big manufactures ) . 
  however , they do have packs with different types all in 1 pack , good and cheap , 
  thats 2011 , we have had a complete overhaul of insurance with obama . 
  the real decider is whether you live in a democrat or republican state ( republicans are refusing to implement some changes and it is affecting ~ 2 m people ) . 
  typical of everyone i have ever known . 
  now with obamacare , i dont know a single uninsured person ( alot of my friends pay $ 30 . 
  a month for insurance, 
  i payless than you do for insurance ( unless you are making minimum wage ) and everything is free to me . 
  the only real difference between the us and europe is we do not force the money out of peoples taxes . 
  even when i was incredibly poor , health insurance came before everything else . 
  people who cant afford it generally have access through government programs ( with the exception of 2mil people in republican states where the republicans refuse to give poor people coverage ),
