  he is also very good at mentioning sources if he uses new ones, 
  yep , i do not see it happening . 
  they threw other europeans under the bus so fast, 
  read the reuters article bout this . 
  only those they could not prove were citizens were refused, 
  russia did collapse in the first wo4ld war and came within 80 miles of collapsing in the second . 
  maybe not a good idea to bring those up, 
  uk : english breakfast , need i say more ? 
  poland : good friends 3 . 
  france : og ally , they helped us kick the uk 's asssssssssssss, 
  it really actually does in this case . 
  greece fucked up and has no money . 
  they are heading for their third debt cut ... . . sometimes it is that simple, 
  yep , kick turkey out of nato so they can join russia and take control of the middle east . 
  it is a good idea, 
  i like how your down voted for explaining how immigration works, 
  just ignore the monkey, 
  shooting down a nato jet would be a huge incident impacting 20 plus countries ( the ones that care ), 
   exposing the russian state 's weakness and hypocrisy is actually the best shot at winning the hearts and minds of crimeans . 
  russia totally controls the information flow . 
  you need a real shake for people to start questioning the 24/7 brainwashing and noticing the reality - it wo n't happen on its own . 
  russia has been a paper tiger since the 60 's . 
  they have the possibility of a powerful and influential country but they have to respect international law, 
  you are welcome ? 
  read the first post , it was summed up very nicely and in an orderly fashion ( just like germans like ), 
  the fact that turkey does not have a debt level that will have to be writen off again just to be payable is more relevant . 
  you make a billion but owe a billion in bills while i make 500,000 and keep 250,00 . who is richer ? 
  stuffed pepper soup ... ... . delicious, 
  you are going to be attacked here , the berlin wall fell within my lifetime so it is a bit to close to be objective ( for either side ) . 
   why is it always about the immune system in those hygiene related threads ? 
  they are arguing the hypothesis that your immune system needs to be challenged once in a while . 
  it is a completely correct hypothesis , being challenged once in a while is a good thing . 
  they ignore the human side of it though . 
  humans have rules for interaction and alot of what they argue ignores those rules . 
  does not matter , they have to help if they want to be volunteers, 
  i have and the king was not the one physically over there cutting off childrens hands because they did not harvest enough rubber . 
  that is a very childiah defense . 
  `` it was the kings , we had nothing to do with it '', 
  by force ? 
  that would be considered an act of war, 
  belgian congo was one of the worst colonies of them all ... 
  if you think any country can be forced to take people that are not citizens , you are sadly mistaken . 
  the only reason our deal works with mexico is because mexico agrees to take everybody, 
  not really , they are not turkish citizens so turkey has no obligation to them . 
  syria is where you have to return them to, 
  just to clarify , i think pete came from the moors not africans . 
  my friend said when she was a kid , her mom told her stories of pete the moor . 
  she was slightly scared of him 2 . 
  you clarified what i said . 
  slaves were used in the colonies by every colonizer at some point . 
  we had to deal with it more directly because our slaves are now valued citizens . 
  europe could ignore it because it was far away . 
  the government not allowing slaves in europe but allowing them in colonies is no better than anywhere else . 
  it is funny how you specifically say our past . 
  every european colonizer ised slaves which makes it equally bad . 
  europe just has not had to confront it 's past as we have because our slaves became citizens not members of some far off country, 
  he also had a tattoo that said something to the effect of down with kings, 
  i 'm surprised nobody 's mad at combined turk and greek, 
  from reading the russian reddit , a lot of young russians appear to think their country never did anything wrong . 
  i know the usa has f ***** up . 
  i know we need to be better . 
  one day there are going to find a way over and it will be an interesting day on bbc news, 
  i am 90 % sure he is only counting five or six countries in western europe out of the 30 + countries in europe, 
  i 'm poor by government standards . 
  where 's my cheese ? 
  its better than alot of europe ... except for the far north, 
  i hate you from the depths of my soul, 
  i am not so sure . 
  one is a functioning state with an army and security apparatii while the other is tunisia, 
  did you photoshop that ? 
  lol , my voice to text left three quarters of my message off and made it look insanely bad . 
  i 'll have to fix that when i 'm no longer driving, 
   a society which is not unified turns violent , you can just look at the united states . 
  i almost choked laughing reading that from a german . 
  all unity did in the past was make hitler for you, 
  i think you need to touch up your english . 
  you do n't understand what a terrorist is or what culture means, 
  nato would definitely react . 
  or should be more to putin to keep his f ****** plans out of nato airspace, 
  because they locked on with weapons radar . 
  this is a provocation, 
  yes , let 's compare a company that is doing nothing wrong with the murderer . 
  that makes complete sense . 
  it 's the government 's fault for leaving the loophole in the beginning and now that they know it 's there they should have fixed it instantly . 
  europeans are so good at blaming others . 
  starbucks is doing something completely legal . 
  stop blaming starbucks and fix your fucking tax system ( i know its the harder of the options but it has to be done ) . 
  just as many european companies do this so why only call out the american companie ? 
  to me it 's much worse when an american company defraud the us government then when a foreign company does it, 
  til russia is the venezuela of europe, 
  it 's weird to look at those main battle tank numbers when you realize that the us has over 6000 abram tanks, 
  yep , we dont trains 100,000 troops in alaska to fight in iraq :p, 
  well the first thing the germans did was basically the massacre belgians . 
  it does not make you look good to start a war that way, 
  so we can never kick a frenchman ? 
  we cant even read alot of ancient `` music '' since it did not follow the same format everywhere . 
  the russians have not been playing along with it except 1 or 2 random ones . 
  yes , because your comment is sooooooo balanced, 
  the us government earmarked 500m for their websites . 
  it `` only '' ended up costs 240m,
