that is the most opaque statement i have ever read . 
  my dad always used to say that must be your ass talking because your mouth knows better, 
  they also suck at steel production and refuse to credit for defective plate steel they send, 
  hm , to bad your soldiers are holidaying in ukraine right now or they could answer this . 
  what a worthless student union, 
  stopping russias little b **** with something that 's obviously wrong, 
  red bush definitely means a scotish womans ... um ... carpet, 
  even in indiana coats dont go on until freezing or when you canadians send down those -40 f week of temperatures . 
  we know your doing it on purpose , i have my eye on you . 
  do you guys really hate small talk ? 
  i cant wrap my head around that . 
  its bull shot . 
  the only really unsafe country in the americas is venezuela, 
  nah , it will be filled with how america is the devil . 
  how we have no environmental protection . 
  how our companies murder our workers . 
  etc it will also be filled with endless rants anout the nsa . 
  the spy agencies mission is to find out everything they possibly can to protect their citizen . 
  they will try to push limits as far as they can go but when they get caught , they will retreat a bit . 
  its that simple . 
  it would be embarassing if a spy agency was following all the rules to the dot anyway . 
  just proof they are not trying hard enough . 
  i know you dont agree with me obviously by your statements . 
  its the world we live in . 
  its usually for 1 . 
  people to dangerous to be in population ie killed guards or other inmates 2 . 
  terrorists 3 . 
  people who would be killed in population ie . 
  high profile inmates, 
  hopefully someone elses mom ... . 
  it just says various sizes so the term probably means different sizes in different countries . 
  suprisingly we only have 1 frigate but id assume thats because in a time of war the coast guard could easily provide that tole with their `` rescue '' ships, 
  if you want some fun , read what nick maduro of venezuela says . 
  appearently us special forces have tried to kill him/take over his government6 or 7 times this year but he has miraculously survived all attempts . 
  he is their venezuela ambassador . 
  neither country is good at history , they like to make it up in their books quite often . 
  do you not notice the chart with everyones preferences, 
  meh all this usa v russia stuff is stupid . 
  ive met so many russians since i started school that i am beginning to believe that russia is the most similar to the us after the former colonies and uk of course ( very positive for uk , if they refused to help us then i would truly think we were fucking up ) . 
  russians integrate in academia here so well  that might be because they are more left than normal russians ? 
  well do n't worry , you 'll soon see exactly what it 's like . 
  california much better at spending money than making money . 
  alot of us companies fall foul of our regulators as well . 
  look at how much we fined our banks , makes the rest of the world pale a bit . 
  that is definitely the reason people all around the world report what our dumbass presidents do but usually ignore germany . 
  right ? 
  california has more influence on the world than almost any country not in the top 10, 
  the uk is relevant because you punch above your weight, 
  this sounds like he said she said bull shit to get readers . 
  i dont see a study or a reputable person giving them the details . 
  obviously we are secretly arming isis to destabilize russia . 
  chicago hot dog ... never ever use ketchup lol . 
  why would you ... 
  are your hot dogs the same as ours ? 
  * edit * dog and toppings wise i mean, 
  they did not plan on california . 
  a state with almost 40 million people willing to throw money at the issue where there are no real car lobbies as they have no plants . 
  everyone knows a good meal is . 
  small salad , meat , meat , meat , meat , meat , potatoes , sugar, 
  i feel like this is more of an issue with their recent past than their future . 
  once the kids born after communism really start graduating from uni , wont it ameliorate most of the problems ? 
  actually , most vietnamese do not blame us for the war . 
  if they blame anyone , its the french for asking for help . 
  there has also been a massive positive rush followong 98 to 99 when clinton talked with vietnamese leaders . 
  add to that the fact most vietnamese hate and fear china , plus for us, 
  you dont actually make a point . 
  you believe one article completely beats out peoples actual opinions . 
  here are some people who do real research http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/1/survey/17/, 
  stop acting like a child . 
  `` oooo i didnt do anything , i just called for it and egged it on '' . 
  in case you are wondering , your government is involved in world affairs aswell . 
  i love how you make it seem like europe is peaceful . 
  the only difference between europe now and europe 70 years ago is that you dont have the power . 
  you didnt get any better , you just got weaker . 
  our taxes are lower than europe and we effectively have to defend half the world so sod off . 
  they have an american division . 
  they choose to operate here so they are liable to our laws . 
  they also have assets all over the world which they could say bye bye to if they ignore our fines . 
  i dont get this one . 
  in the us , all someone sponsoring you ( if they are not an employer ) does is get your name on the list . 
  you still have to go through everything else . 
  it could still take 2 to 3 years for them . 
  i believe they are using it as opposite of . 
  negative/positive . 
  gringos are white people o.o, 
  ive literally worked for the fucking company, 
  your bans go much further than protection of life . 
  you refuse to even let scientists research anything you are against . 
  if that is not an emotional response than idk what is . 
  chemical control is almost the same for safety purposes between the two countries , we just reach the ends in different ways . 
  europeans have to test every single chemical they use for years . 
  americans test them for safety and then use them , if something is bad , they pull the products . 
  this generally leads to the same level of chemical safety as the companies would loose everything when they really screw up . 
  just look at the last major chemical scares , the eu and us both ised the chemicals . 
  you cant live without a little risk, 
  not really . 
  most gmos are done exactly the same way just alot quicker in a lab . 
  they use molecular techniques to determine what genes they want and then breed it in . 
  inserting dna into plants is much less cost effective than you make out . 
  there are so many failures .
