  i completely agree . 
  i just meant that after the fact , the people who torched cara or did damage should be made to pay for the damage or prosecuted . 
  it seems like there is little insentive to not damage items . 
   and disabling the engine block ? 
  are you a little kid ? 
  do you get all your information from movies and tv ? 
  you know that pretty much never happens , right ? 
  you cant disable a tractors engine block , i specifically said electronics because they are out in the open . 
  the tractors i have experience with are nothing like car engines , electronics go out and your done . 
  if its anthing like us tractors , it would go right through, 
  ive accidently disabled a tractor with a ricochet . 
  its actually not hard . 
  the electronics are all usually on the top left and right behind the engine . 
  you would be shooting in the driver 's direction , however , you would be shooting several feet in front of him . 
  so they found a way to get a free top of the line upgrade to an intelligence ship ? 
  good for them, 
  haha this seems like something we would do . 
  some european parties are going a little republican . 
  i did not say you shoot the front . . you just have to hit the side . 
  its not like he is head on to everyone while pushing into the barricade, 
  yep , have the cow catcher mounted on the wall . 
  i have seen a series of unfortunate events that led to a .303 ricocheting and hitting a tractor with the case open . 
  the bullet hit electronics and a certain person ( obv . 
  not me ) got banned from the general area . 
  you dont have the break the block but only hit the electronics . 
  a riot shotgun would easily work . 
  nah , he wouldnt be shot unless he gunned it and was a threat . 
  they would disable the tractor and arrest him . 
  disable meaning to shoot the engine block . 
  yea ... in usa he would be arrested and hos tractor probably would have had its engine peripherals shot when he hit the barricade . 
  that implies someone will get arrested . 
  look at france , they let thousands of people break the law and do nothing . 
  well would ya look at that , must only count if the conflict is in your country, 
  she made very fancy and complicated french things . 
  most of it was way to sweet for us americans lol . 
  omg someone on reddit did n't go to the extreme and made a sensible answer . 
  i think my faith in humanity is somewhat restored, 
  a french person at our university was a vegan . 
  it is ? 
  several percent of gdp ? 
  love it, 
  to be fair , someone ( kid ) raised as a vegan can get physically sick ( vomiting etc. ), 
  from eating food cooked with meat . 
  i wonder if they had any inclanation as to the future, 
  random countries will just take non citizens , eh ? 
  europe turning into australia now ? 
  we have 18 , alot of our friends have horses aswell, 
  you cant deport to a random country . 
  how are you going to prove you are deporting them to the right place ? 
  * edit * meant to reply to above you , sorry, 
  if you bomb someone because of refugees then the world would bead max at that point . 
  id eat all the cows tongue before i touched horse . 
  horses are pets in the us . 
  you dony eat pets . 
  they also helped us settle the country, 
  black pudding = disgusting, 
  you are purposely miss identifying my statement . 
  this early in the discussion , we were still talking about blanking out the name . 
  we probably could if we wanted to , i dony think the rest of the world would acknowledge it . 
  its definitely a garage hanger . 
  right next to your helium neon laser and 2000 's modern art minimalist mural . 
  tesla has aesthetics on their side . 
  give 0 fucks . 
  we would call it retard texas or something and they could call themselves whatever they want, 
  they were `` assimilated '' by kicking the eastern romans asses and forcing them to allow the slavs to stay ? 
  that post soviet drop though : /, 
  idiot , obviously i meant on our maps . 
  you are trying to twist the subject . 
  we dont blank out georgias name just because it has the same name as our state . 
  * edit * edited out anger, 
  was it not the polish lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  the strongest country in eastern europe at the time ? 
  sooooo . 
  its not a responsible act to stop the murder of civilians ? 
  after 3,500 years of immigration and emigration , the people of greece would be a mix of a little bit of ancient greek mixed with everything else . 
  when the slavs settled into macedon , they did not just murder everyone . 
  they assimilated them . 
  they probably have as much ancient greek as you do . 
  they have tried to spite you how ? 
  by engaging you countless times which you always shrug off ? 
  by trying to compromise while you do nothing but insult them ? 
  on the international stage , they look to have been trying and you dont . 
  regarding your language claim . 
  modern italians cant speak italian from 500 years ago , same with english , does this mean that they are not the rightful inhabitants . 
  you do realize we have a state called georgia and we allow the country georgia to exist . 
  this macedonia bullshit is just petty little people being petty, 
  i think it was more former greek slaves of turkey . 
  this is the stupidest statement i have ever heard . 
  grow up a little bit , you have as much in common with the ancient greeks as they do . 
  even if we put a million troops there , we could not solve the problem . 
  it requires the populace to solve the issues . 
  a well handled military intervention would be france during the revolutionary war . 
  they came in and helped us , where we would have failed without them . 
  after the war , they allowed us to form our own government and deal with our own issues, 
  the west had nothing to do with starting the issues most of these migrants are leaving for . 
  we did not establish the doctatorships in africa and we did not start the arab spring . 
  we did interfere with the arab spring in libya and the idiots instantly divided in tribes . 
  its like the balkans pre ww1 and 1990s combined over there . . 
  yes , because we started the arab spring with our massive world wide arab freedom movement . 
  he also has a name that so british it 's almost a stereotype,
