  i hear so much now about how we should ignore the rest of the world no matter what happens . 
  go back to pre ww1 isolationism basically . 
  i wonder how the world would act if they had to answer to china . 
  this will go over well . 
  especially since they are basically suing for social benefits . . 
  or , and this could be insane , we have 12 million people in this country that our farms could not survive without . 
  we may just have a small issue if we just kick them all out . 
  easier to give em green cards if they have been here working for x number of years . 
  we are being screwed more than any country ever . 
  the issue is , the way laws generally go into effect , the current holdings would already be grandfathered in . 
  ita the future holdings we could tax . 
  there was an interesting article about how the top 6 us companies could pay off greeces debt in exchange for them being a tax haven and still pay less than bringing it to the us . 
  hey , neo nazis have feelings to . 
  dont bootstomp their hearts / s, 
  is that yeasty aswell ? 
  he commited a crime when he ran from the charges . 
  the shit was made up in first place and he punished himself . 
  the real problem is , he broke parole which is a serious crime in any country as it undermines the judiciary, 
  meh , truly , only we can maintain multiple armies in multiple places as we have the supply chains to do it . 
  russia could probably handle the logistics for one country but i doubt two . 
  especially if they required 100,000 troops and etc. 
  appearently people only care how stupid russia was for selling us alaska . 
  to be fair though , imagine if alaska had been russian during the cold war . 
  there definitely would have been a real war so it worked out in the end for both sides  . 
  they are in american funny videos :p you see a girl walk in , obviously german , and hear that silly music . 
  theres usually a guy under a glass table . 
  once she goes to pull down here pants , it cuts to black . 
  this is america and we only allow visualization in our movies . 
  god hates nudity in movies , he told us himself, 
  you usually hear vaguely 1990s east german techno music in the background lol, 
  in the us , germany is made fun of all the time for this `` artistic work '' . 
  stupid funny movies and even south park have some germans walk in and ... ... you get the gist, 
  in thr us , this tax stuff happens all the time . 
  the authorities do a calculation of how much they loose from the deal vs how much they make from the new jobs . 
  if they lose , they say no . 
  if they win , they say yes, 
  its interesting how much power russia has over its neighbors since its economy is 400billion less than the state of california . 
  is it because the inherited all the real soviet infrastructure ? 
  you are the embodiment of european hypocricy edit spelling , i was typing on a phone and the damn keyboard is flipping between vertical and horizontal ... 
  it would be a slaughter . 
  alot of these gangs members are from or influenced by the south american rebels and drug lords . 
  your first argument is stupid . 
  80 years ago your countries justified murdering 6 million people , how many people tried to stop it ? 
  very few , enough their names can be put in a single park in israel . 
  whatever the fuck you think , morals are literally the most subjective thing on earth . 
  they only exist because of society and saying anything different is just silly . 
  our moral standards say that the government providing justice is more important than a criminals right to life . 
  maybe the death penalty will go away as our morals change . 
  the urbanized sections of the us have abandoned it but who knows ? 
  yep and we have that right of determination . 
  we also have a right to live where ever we please jn the us including states without the death penalty, 
  you only think that way because that is what your society has determined . 
  my society has determined that capital punishment is a fair punishment for certain crimes . 
  we have all right to make that determination just like you have all right to make your . 
  as long as every country has a central bank that is unwilling to transfer funds between them to fix money imbalances , fiscal unions will not work . 
  it has to be all or nothing in the fiscal sphere . 
  used eu rules ... 
  i had no idea there were eu ambassadors, 
  commie terrorist lover . 
  go suck a trees dick somewhere . 
  there is a metric bot . 
  you just have to type it right 5 ' 11 '', 
  did this just turn sexual ? 
  i am not sure i can get it up on command o. 0, 
  the only 3 real differences between the us and eu are . 
  chemical legislation 2 . 
  emissions 3 . 
  gmo, 
  our pedestrian safety regulations are almost as strong as europe . 
  those grill guards are considered aftermarket . 
  even if you buy a car with one made by the car manufacturer , the dealership had to order it separately on the car so it is considered aftermarket, 
  actually pur standards are completely different . 
  europe is much more strict on co2 for climate change and we are much more strict on no for health reasons . 
  do n't worry it wo n't pass . 
  europe wo n't pass out without protecting the cultural foods . 
  america will never pass it if foods are protective, 
  well , he did not go to take the eurostar to paris and accidently end up in afghanistan . 
  going for the dutch upvotes ? 
  well if we have it public for 200 days , ik sure you could get it online for that long  . 
  if the eu does not let you see , protest protest and pritest , 
  seems completely logical, 
  i dont know about a year but it will be public in the us for a minimum of 200 days before the vote . 
  i tend to believe the police 's 100000 much more than the protesters 250000, 
  this is literally the opposite of tolerance and multiculturalism . 
  why would such a tolerant society want such intolerance to be introduced, 
  ah , our state are basically like independent little countries . 
  the federal government handles comparatively little . 
  the states do most of the stuff for themselves, 
  do you realize how much independence our states actually have ? 
  actually it seems to be a string of eu saying stuff that pisses off england, 
  basically how are states though . 
  the federal government 's is tasked with a common foreign policy 2 . 
  that army idea is horrible . 
  the german army had that same setup pre war 1 . 
  from everything i 've seen , it 's definitely handicapped there army in the beginning, 
  i like that flat tax , very interesting, 
  the uk could piss off most of the world and i still would not see us abandoning them, 
  is talking the truth . 
  the best each state could hope for if they surrender those powers if you have as much sovereignty as our individual states, 
  california wine ftw .
