  i dont think its really possible for an american to understand a european or vis-versa on issues like this . 
  our cultures are , while similar in almost all other aspects , are opposite extremes when it comes to the government . 
  the gov has no right to tell us what can be in the news unless its a state secret ( the whole all speech is free except yelling fire in a crowded movie theater ) . 
  we truly dislike the idea of censorship in peacetime , which is what we see this as . 
  combine that with the fact that it is a company deciding what to censor and you have a shit storm of muh freedom . 
  hello , my name is jamie . 
  i am from the usa . 
  from an american perspective , the right to be forgotten is a disgusting bit of censorship . 
  if google tried to censor those results in the u.s because france forced them to , they would be up shit creek without a paddle in a boat that has a hole in it while holding 500 lit sticks of dynamite . 
  i cant imagine prosecutors not going after them in every way possible . 
  they would also have to deal with the doj which basically does not respect any other countries right to make laws . 
  https://youtu.be/zxqr-cpxlmy jasper much lithuanian ? 
  i was very tired when i wrote this , did not consider that o.o, 
  because we did a candy trade with soviets . 
  got rid of that disgusting mars bar and got us a sexy sexy reeses that can hold 200 seamen, 
  the problem is that journalist act in a sensationalist way , not a professional way . 
  he would be well received in the us if he had just restrained himself a little . 
  my friends and i were in university when he first released his documents and at first he seemed like a whistle blower . 
  however , soon it became apparent documents were being released carte blanche and alot of them were just put out to embarrass america and not expose the spying . 
  it also seemed to become much more random once he was in russia . 
  atleast that is our perspective . 
  meh , treason is treason . 
  my view , which is also the view of most of my friends , is that he gave up too many documents . 
  if he had only given up relevant documents , it would have been another deepthroat/water gate but he gave up documents to just insult the us . 
  bradley manning did the same thing , going way beyond the confines of whistle blower and into the realm of treason . 
  * edit * i figured i might as well give a mid western perspective even if it gets me downvoted . 
  the majority of u.s. banks paid back bailouts with interest , albeit a low interest rate, 
  so chrysler and jeep suck there as well ? 
  that couch in the last picture looks like its from late 1950s to 1960 usa . 
  the italians are truly 20 yrs ahead in fashion . 
  i know , i completely support their right to strike . 
  i dont support the damage i always see the various strikes causing . 
  why should it be ok to destroy some other farmers hard work to make your point ? 
  this is silly , the fact of the matter is that everyone works in the context in the period they lice in . 
  if india had the power to subjugate england , they sure as hell would have . 
  in 200 years , everything we do will be unacceptable and people will say we are horrible . 
  `` can you believe they bought clothes made by someone in another country living in bad conditions '' . 
  no matter what you do as the world power , people will hate you . 
  just look at england , russia , ottoman empire , and usa . 
  they are vandals ... . . not strikers . 
  in the us , the gov ' t would have called the national guard by now . 
  i would also like to state that i truly believe in the special relationship . 
  if the world were going to shit the only 6 countries i would trust are the uk , canada , mexico , australia , japan , and south korea . 
  moreover , the uk would be at the top of that list . 
  we elected him to support our interests , not any one else 's . 
  our interests just happen to be a strong , united , and unshaking eu . 
  ita where you work and then you live a little bit but not much because it might interfere with work . 
  get back to work ya bum . 
  jesus , its like 1950 's mississippi in poland, 
  well , macedonians did kinda try to burn it to the ground a 15 years ago . 
  the state department remembers this kind of stuff . 
  ofc no one want to fence their embassy , it looks bad and it makes the host think you do not trust them . 
  however , our embassies have a nasty habit of magically bursting into flames , which a fence helps with . 
  u.s. army tried similar in the late 70 's . 
  did not work for many reasons . 
  my dads unit got to `` play '' with them as they were called fun blocks * edit * never mind , they were steel boxes with concrete in the inside , so this may work, 
  dont worry , our social security will collapse aswell . 
   we can be in the shit boat together, 
  i shall assume that it is about the same as in usa . 
  the racists are a minority but a vocal minority . 
  they seem larger because they yell so loud . 
  we had an indian temple get defaced here and the police / fire fighters / volunteers helped clean it up . 
  https://youtu.be/3ufww9a3d4e i dreamed that love would never die i dreamed that god would be forgiving, 
  admission : first thing i think about is someone on a walmart scooter riding around with tea in the basket and then tossing it . 
  ofc , wearing a usa t-shirt, 
  yes , yes bring back east india company . 
  we will throw another tea party for england . 
  bring some biscuits for the fishies . 
  bring some iced coffee as well , indian custumes are hot as shit . 
  team rocket prepare for trouble make it double to protect the world from devastation to unite all peoples within our nation til , the eu is team rocket, 
  i hate the swiz and italy way of writing it in your link . 
  i would assume ( given multiple lines ) it somehow interacts with the line above : / . 
  americans , so unused to other cultures lol, 
  why do you have that extra period on four hundred . 
  i think you meant 400,000 with a comma, 
  i think even europeans have trouble understanding where we come from on this point . 
  the us government is massive , so to us , these numbers seem tiny . 
  in 2014 the government spent over 3.1 trillion usd . 
  i cant even fathom that number , much less understand it . 
  before i get a silly reply , i would be fine with the us helping . 
  greece has been a good ally and friend . 
  they have put off some of their issues with turkey for otan . 
  most important , gyros . 
  the imf should never have operated in europe anyway . 
  regarding the haircut , why should the world have to pay for greece ? 
  europe , almost all 1st world economies , does not want to loose a few billion so why should a 3rd world country lose money ? 
  europeans can handle the loss easier . 
  ill stay out of european affairs, 
  i would love to see that guy try to work for 1 month in america . 
  i would expect alot of job hate / capitalistic pigs talk, 
  sitting on a hill surrounded by corn fields eating peanuts with a blue sky overhead . 
  nothing better, 
  dont worry , they are just a bit behind . 
  first they will get tacos and then poutine and then they will be first world . 
  varus , give me back my legions ? 
  napoleon was a populist o.o, 
  varus battle of the teutoberg ,, 
  collapse of ottoman , flare ups in the balkans / civil wars , 30 years war ? 
  vague ... 
  allies for life !,
