  stop mentioning the war . !, 
  * edit * i meant to reply to the op , sorry, 
  and europe has been the model since 1765 of how not to interfere in other countries . 
  yea ... 
  i prefer only allowing the ones the fbi and cia vet first . 
  in the us , sheriff evict people all of the time . 
  eviction is a court order that must be carried out so it is a function of the state, 
  is that a jimmy savile quote ? 
  we have done it twice but with relatively small numbers . 
  ~ 1 million cubans and ~ 1 million vietnamese . 
  they were seperated by 10 years between events and were integrating into a country of over 200 mil people so it was easy . 
  europe does not have it as easy as we did . 
  rustling a jimmy sounds like an innuendo . 
  from what i see on the news , at was the only one willing to not act like the rest . 
  to bad hes gone, 
  well , its funny you are giving away nazis . 
  since austria convinced the world that hitler was german not austrian, 
  fox news is garbage news, 
  the eu is to effing complex . 
  you just need an elected president who has a voter mandate to pass european wide agendas . 
  they are ministers from your governments which your elected governments chose . 
  bull shit , parliaments will pass frame works but they do not know whats happening . 
  the executive is always the one who knows be it a president or prime minister . 
  no treaty is written with the knowledge of parliament . 
  even in glorious states of europe . 
  its impossible for negotiators to comprimise with hundreds watching them . 
  the treaty has to be written before people can judge it so they can negotiate around set positions . 
  that is why states vest so much trust in their negotiator . 
  nooooooo, 
  dont block their car in , they might riot, 
  i would not mind russia respecting the rule of law and becoming friends with us . 
  they definitely have much more in common with us than they do with asia, 
  for some reason , coming from a german , this literally scared me . 
  the pit of my stomach fell for a second ... 
  i wonder if you are one of the tiny minority that has read some of the eu documents on ttip . 
  i am going to guess no . 
  the eu has made this one of the most transparent trade negotiations ever . 
  the only reason it is kept secret is to allow a bill to be formed . 
  you dont knock your own politicians for writting bills themselves before submitting then to vote , do you ? 
  or do your politicians write all their bills in open source google docs for you to change while they are typing ? 
  the secrecy is just so a document that has both sides demands can be created which both sides can then ammend , pass , or veto . 
  this great theft of your liberties in the form of international tribunals is a protection for both sides . 
  it prevents countries from punishing companies , stealing assets , or breaking agreements . 
  very rarely is it abused but the abuses are all that are reported . 
  and to tell you the truth , americans do not trust europeans to be fair . 
  french departments fine american companies all the time while french companies doing the same thing are ignored . 
  it is a guarantee that everyone will be amicable and fair , nothing more . 
  ttip is just a buzz word europeans like to use because they think their regulations on everything are better than ours . 
  this simply is not the case , especially in financial regulations . 
  we will have to give up some bank regulations for europe to accept this treaty, 
  dont make me think in gilligans island . 
  i cant get the theme out of my head now . 
  interesting is that really true ? 
  there are n't too many americans joining isis compared to a population and our military is pretty effective at recruiting muslims . 
  that is rich comming from a european . 
  you just blame us so you do not have to accept your part in all of it . 
  maybe take some responsibility , this is the big boy table . 
  the last time you stubbed your toe , was the nsa in the corner moving your furniture ? 
  they are not the same thing . . they are as similar as jews and palestinians . 
  thats why gulf states treat them like shit . 
  yes because osama on trial would definitely not led to another attack . 
  i could not see al qi eeeda not doing one last strike if we tried to try osama . 
  your corbyn sounds like a right git, 
  the hedonism party ? 
  hitler and a monkey throwing poo at canada id what i get from him, 
  trump is a pile of hair cream with some garbage attached, 
  this is quite possibly the biggest load of b ******* i have ever read . 
  if you look at my post history i 'm usually kidding but i am not here . 
  trying to blame everything that happens in the world on us really is getting on my nerves . 
  we did not start what is happening in syria nor libya . 
  bullshit we would let them go . 
  there would be so many hoosier militiamen that it would be a war whether you like it or not, 
  i wonder what would happen here if the whole west coast left . 
  oh yea , we would force them back . 
  never mind, 
  frau m. : you are not doing enough for the refugee crisis . 
  germany must do all the things again / s, 
  if the population declines , welfare collapses as less people can not support many . 
  germany couldnt take it , norway could . 
  the german govt said as much ~ 1 year ago , it was a link on here . 
  but all of our allies are . 
  if you wanted it not to matter to us , then nato would have to disband and you would all have to stop being allies with us . 
  saying it does not matter to us is just plain stupid . 
  it really truly is our business . 
  its just a display that its a large and important topic for many of the redditors here . 
  if it is important to them , why not talk about it . 
  for alot of europeans this mass migration ( from a different culture ) is new to them and talking helps give support . 
  there is nothing we can do about it . 
  americans will still exist, 
  cool ? 
  am i supposed to be worried ? 
  america is america and will always be america . 
  white , black , yellow ... these are not america . 
  freedom , prosperity , law , rights , the american dream , a fair chance ... these are america . 
  thats just because they live in hungary . . 
  dude , both of us have more immigrants than they do ... are our cultures gone ? 
  nato caused the arab spring ? 
  no it did not . 
  its that simple , nato reacted to something already in progress and did nothing in syria until it was already fed . 
  i had to spend alot of time for french class on the french parts of the internet .
