  you just invited soviet union 2.0, 
  people in the us do not realize bikes have the same rights as cars . 
  we can ride where ever the hell we feel like in our lane , 
  lets go with your technology example . 
  the computer was started by the government for its wartime usage and then discarded , the government funded it only for the war . 
  researchers kept it advancing for decades and it improved at aminiscule rate . 
  once it became slightly usable , the giants ( ibm , apple , intel , etc ) made it into a truly revolutionary machine . 
  the government was loathe to support computers to their full potential , it was private industry seeking a profit that saw the future, 
  its funny since our horrible for profit model leads to the most innovation . 
  https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:mmm...cheddar_cheese_and_apple_pie_ ( 5286947972 ) . jpg apple pie with cheddar chese , 
  i am actually saying we did n't care about the arab spring until the uk and france wanted to intervene . 
  my senator said he didnt care about n.africa as long as they respect israel to calling for intervention the next week when uk and france wanted help . 
  because the taliban were willing to and wanted to support alq . 
  besides , afghanistan is more stable than iraq ( oddly ) and the majority of the fighters there now are from other countries . 
  breakfast for dinner is delish . 
  except blood sausage , blood aint food, 
    afghanistan was required . 
   as for syrians coming to europe ? 
  well european countries are quite nearer than the usa . 
  which is why i said you had 4 years to deal with it . 
  its also why we intervened in the arab spring , think : libya is near europe , england is asking us to intervene , we owe them . 
  afghanistan was required . 
  i do n't know why we went into iraq . 
  libya and syria are europe 's fault . 
  we did not want to intervene , france and england along with some other forward-thinking european countries made up . 
  look up the debates on cspan , a lot of the positive urging is backed by request from the uk and friends . 
  these countries are also right next to europe and europe has had for years to deal with the problem . 
  until people started coming to europe , europe acted like the problem was planets away . 
  why dont you ask all those europeans in syria right now why syrians are coming to europe in drove, 
  you really have no idea about what has happened in the world in the last 15 years . 
  read some news and get back to us mr. uninformed, 
  i cant see us having a problem with the eu as long as the uk was at its core, 
   people from all around the world respect europe because it is a beacon of freedom of expression , secularism and humanitarian beliefs and thats because of us taking a step back from our imperialist ways of the 19th and 20th century . 
  you 're good at saying that but very bad at practicing it, 
  i actually meant her . 
  she is the reason that a lot of academics are not trusted . 
  they use their title to give their opinion and pretend it is a fact when they should the only giving supportable data, 
  idiots like this really do foster an attitude of ignoring intelligent people . 
  when someone important does say something or make a plea , they get ignored . 
  the red cross is much more efficient than almost any other org . 
  making it cheaper for all involved . 
  their `` profit '' is to cover those to poor to pay as well as other charity work . 
  even if we nationalised health care completely ( which we wont do , we do have health insurance or medicaid for all now ) i do not see them taking the task from the red cross . 
  they are way to efficient and charitable . 
  here is what we get from walmart http://www.2wired2tired.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/effortless-meals-subs.jpg i can go to a local place but its 10 for your meal deal, 
  it is not free unless you donate . 
  our blood supply is handled by the american red cross and they have to pay all associated costs . 
  blood is not cheap but the red cross does not make much money off of it , it is all the costs of running a blood distribution network for 330m people . 
  they need blood distribution points , vans , labs , refrigeration , communications with all hospitals/clinics , and people to deliver the blood . 
  that sanwhich would easily be 10 to 12 us alone . 
  better ingredients ? 
  my friend works for big pharma in the us . 
  free meals , free vending machines at every corner ( for you and any guests you feel like inviting ) , and free hotel stays for friends you want to visit you ( they attract alot of californians and we are nowhere near california ) . 
  chinese is about $ 13 here with drink . 
  no limitations though edit , i usually pack my own lunch . 
  cost - $ 1.5 to 2, 
  i get a little card that says if i need blood during an operation , its free . 
   `` the state is your best friend '' is what people use to say here . 
  the stereotype is true . 
  i grew up in a small town and no one trusts the government . 
  my state does not even register guns and we are fine with that  . 
  europe and the us , culture wise , diverged greatly between 1800 and the 1950 's . 
  europeans worked with the state while in the us , we have just tolerated it as a necessary evil ( imagine a nation of realist anarchists ) . 
  with the exception of people on the far left , i cant even think of people i know who want a more powerful state ( with most people considering taxes and social programs an interference ) . 
  depending on whatever other welfare they leave on top , i could see it being cheaper . 
  however , i will have to argue with your last sentence . 
  i am happiest when i interact the least with the government in my life . 
    it has the tendency to make people more creative , happy and productive . 
  i am interested as to how this will work . 
  this seems like it would consume more than half ( 56 % ) of finlands 2013 tax revenue . 
  the same program in the us would require 1.2 t a year , half the tax revenue . 
  native speakers, 
  why would our way be the incorrect one ? 
  we have over 300 million native speakers well europe has 100 million . 
  sounds like our way would have the majority, 
  they do have quite a lot of terrorist i can send to europe, 
  europeans are very much ruled by emotions / logical thought processes . 
  all trade agreements are negotiated in secret and then voted on in public . 
  it would be impossible to get a fair agreement for both sides if every single bit of it had to be debated at every step . 
  the problem is : the current system has proven to be even less effective than the us system . 
  that is a feat in and of itself . 
  poland can into major nato ally, 
  i know i 'm going to get chewed out for this but here it goes . 
  i really think the eu needs of congress , or a two level system . 
  a senate appointed by statehood and then a house that represents population . 
  or , at least the more representative system then what is there now . 
  a lot of the issues that i see represented on here are about democracy . 
  i do not think the current eu government successfully represents all of the constituents . 
  no other european country could come close so it would become a 2 power system, 
  good he can take that million pounds and go support isis as well, 
  they have done this insane thing and have actually been implementing policies they agreed upon . 
  unlike the former government which only institutes policies they felt like . 
  or , and i know this sounds crazy to europeans , i 'll keep my own opinion based on when i know and you keep yours . 
  i am actually trying to refer to when the rest of the eu said greece would suffer if they re elected him . 
  that their economy would collapse and all gains would be lost . 
  i am happy greece voted in a different party , their other parties obviously could not deal with the issue . 
  it 's funny that i was so downvoted . 
  it was an obvious joke since both sentences contradict : / . 
  ohwell lol, 
  just move your minefields to the border .
