  if you think we 're a nation of thieves then take a look at germany and france is record of corporate espionage . 
  they are the two worst countries on earth for stealing other people 's inventions, 
  i like most of nato but i am sick of germany always piggy backing on nato while criticising at the same time i dont trust germany to do their part, 
  that is a complete white washing of history to fit your narative . 
  maybe read a book or two . 
  we also lost alot more than 50,000 but alot less than russia . 
  you are trying to ise knowledge our president did not have to make decisions for him . 
  why did england and france not stop germany in 1936 ? 
  it would have stopped the holocaust and hitler 's military only had one equiped division . 
  the us military was planning on losses of 100,000 a month for the first year after the invasion . 
  why dont you ask russia and china to be your best friends then . 
  privacy and the rule of law wont even be a facade at that point . 
  china spies more than we do and neither respect even the faintest rule of law . 
  yep , i would prefer we left nato and concentrated on our own needs . 
   why do you down-vote comments so often that do n't agree with you , you realise that 's against the rules correct ? 
  i have not downvoted all your comments . 
  thinking it was all me because everyone else agrees with you is called paranoia . 
    happens to be the best listed out , no other reason . 
  it also includes a big civilian kill by us  it was also completely irrelevant since it 's a single year . 
  it is still completely relevent . 
  it takes a mass chunk of data and divides it up among who killed who for a specific tike frame . 
  you just do not like it because everyone does not say usa . 
  happens to be the best listed out , no other reason . 
  it also includes a big civilian kill by us, 
  you can only fight so many battles in blocks of text at one time . 
  yep but i will just leave this here for you . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_civilian_casualties_in_the_war_in_afghanistan_ ( 2009 ), 
   and your experience on that / r/history sub does n't really mean a lot , that has nothing to do with what a country itself thinks actually , that was just a place its very common . 
  its also the common responses here when it comes up . 
  `` the collaborators had nothing to do with the whole country '' or `` we did not want to do it '' . 
  yes , we do support saudi arabia just as europe does . 
  support for the country is the same thing as supporting what they are currently doing . 
  even if you are only supporting them for their low cost oil shipments . 
  any improvement is a good improvement . 
  this is great especially combined with the fact solar cells are starting to become close to cost effective . 
  the only country in europe to acknowledge anything is germany . 
  all the other countries have tried to pass the blame for everything they have done . 
  simple little things like belgians claiming the congo was not their fault because `` it was the kings property '' ( which i have seen many , many times in r/history ) are proof europe has not come to terms with it 's past . 
  claiming collaborators were a small minority when most people did not fight occupationm etc. 
  most of europe is in the same league as the us and japan with denialism . 
  yes we have done bad things . 
  yes we have accidently killed civilians however , your example is bad . 
  we have no operations in yemen except anti alq . 
  the rebel/saudi issue is not our problem . 
  the diplomatic cables from the saudi leak prove we cant tell them to do shit . 
  one has done it a few times by accident while the other murders people every day . 
  why not ask : `` what is the difference between the europeans now and the europeans who commited genocide in ww2 ? 
  they are all from europe '' both are stupid questions with truly retarded leaps in logic . 
  morality does not mean much to any army . 
  they are there to do anything to protect you . 
  is there any chance greece and cyprus qould not just say no ? 
  they break because 1 . 
  they are stretched to the limit 2 . 
  the acid weakens the plastic significantly, 
  i know realize your are just a troll , or a russian minority which is the same thing, 
  i wonder how many people realise stomach acid has a ph of like 2 . 
  basically it will eventually dissolve anything except glass and a few plastics, 
  i wish nasa , esa , jsa , cnsa , canadian space agency , and the russian space agency would all work together for a mars mission . 
  would n't it be amazing if the first people on mars were not from a country but from the whole world . 
  then it would not be a big dick contest, 
  but now esti is a member . 
  esti cant into space . 
  that would be pretty dam costly for europe . 
  we have leases on most of those bases with term left . 
  good way to get the us army to just steal your technology and use it how they like anyway . 
  now the esa cant into space : /, 
  it sounds like they could get nato to do it easier lol since so few countries decline to host nato troops, 
  they would have to spend less overtime on their own officers and police . 
  the countries comming in would also more ths likely hzve to help with supplying the refugees . 
  less random people running around your country . 
  i dont see a lose i the situation . 
  they have nothing to gain except having to spend less themselves . 
  why does the eu not call in it 's `` quick response force '' ? 
  20 or 30,000 soldiers could stop all the anarchy over night if put in greece for containment . 
  build a 5 mile wide trench filled with thousands and thousands of sharks with a taste for human blood and . 
  dude , no hitting below the bible belt ... 
  its between 1/3 and a 1/6 of what silicon valley gets each quarter , depending on what quarter you are talking about . 
  the lost city of bielefeld should be forgotten lest we have another atlantis we have to search for . 
  meh , swizz are just piggy backing off nato without helping in any way as it is physically impossible to invade switzerland without invading nato, 
  its a little late for thay but better late than never, 
  i wish he was sitting on the golden throne from 300, 
  we were talking the justice system 2 . 
  lobbying is not considered corruption 3 . 
  europe and brussels have just as extensive lobbying apparatii . 
  just google amount spent lobbying in eu, 
  we dont pay much attention to the world unless we are invading it . 
  when the ukraine issues started , one of my friends asked why russia was invading its own territory ... even i face palmed, 
  `` paternity leave is far less common : at least 79 countries ' national laws include paternity leave entitlements , nearly all of which are paid . 
  the duration of the paid leaves vary greatly as well , but all are far shorter than maternity leaves , ranging from 1 day of full pay in tunisia to 90 days of 80 % pay in iceland '' from a long , pain in the ass magazine type article in time . 
  all i can find on how many men take the paternity leave is from wikipedia stating not many outside europe . 
  per inch ? 
  are we rubbing off on you ? 
  there is no link in your logic . 
  you made a jump over the grand canyon there fella . 
  there is almost no corruption in our system . 
  we have a high numbers because the system is stupid , not corrupt . 
  women are more likely to earn lower paying degrees such as elelmentary or middle school teacher versus males, 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2013/08/20/did-you-not-get-that-promotion-because-youre-a-woman/ https://hbr.org/2010/09/why-men-still-get-more-promotions-than-women the newer articles seem to be from less trustworthy sources, 
  n. european men , almost no other men on earth do . 
  is switzerland as open to the refugees as europe or are they premepting the migrants ?
