  2 bucks a bottle, 
  europe keeps trying to use diversity to fill this trade agreement with protectionism . 
  if any of it gets through , i hope we either have just as much or throw out the trade agreement . 
  why should we give full access when europeans wont have to on certain items ? 
  ak 47 is less accurate for trained troops . 
  more durable for rebels though . 
  it was barely a dozen bombs total snd we only actually lost 5 of them : / s, 
  yep , i could not survive it . 
  when a child dies , you know its gone . 
  imagine your child being alive but not being able to see them grow up . 
  i included that . 
  without nukes russia would not even be a regional power . 
  hell they would be a nothing if the eu military became more united . 
  russia 2014 , 1.86 trillion gdp usa 16 trillion + state of california , 2.2 trillion i would say regional power, 
  we have jewel osco , al 's , and martins but most people think walmart, 
  wow , the difference is striking . 
  we have 8 to 10 stores that are 24/7 including pharmacies, 
  hey hey hey , there is a time and place for everything . 
  they are saving their bombs for when they vacation in sweden, 
  i dont see why we dont just send more . 
  its not a huge contigent of troops, 
  does europe not have 24hr stores ? 
  depends . 
  alot of left democrats want to give blanket green cards to anyone who has been here for like 3 yr plus . 
  would solve that problem . 
  you dont pay taxes if you are paying them to a foreign country in most cases . 
  you usually just have to file , its a form thats 2/3 a page with like 50 empty boxes you fill in and done, 
  bakeries or things like walmart . 
  i do love me some 2 am shopping . 
  technically gluten is good for you with a tiny tiny tiny percentage of bad interactions . 
  i cant see , for a non celiac , a reason to drop gluten for those tiny bad interactions . 
  ah , the turkish restaurants did not have those when i went to chicago or i would have tried them . 
  kebab is good . 
  its to bad turkey and greece are not along our borders . 
  then we could have real mexican , greek , and turkish food and life would be great , 
  ah thanks . 
  europeans have alot more in common than what seperates you . 
  especially compared to 80 or 100 years ago, 
  do they taste the same . 
  i love gyros so i bet i could love doner, 
  https://youtu.be/yfkzwsfw70m https://youtu.be/4inlithlh2i rember , only you can prevent forest fires . 
  is doner like gyros ? 
  what are the feelings in europe ? 
  do europeans want a federal system like we have ? 
  or , would you guys prefer a confederation where every member deals in his own affairs except on a few issues ? 
  i see comparisons alot on here but the us and eu cannobe compared . 
  when the us made a federation , we were basically 15 english states . 
  europe is diverse and would have many challenges to face . 
  when he greets in german and french , is he greeting all the german and french speakers or just holland and merkel ? 
  so they used a completely legal mechanism the eu set up ? 
  how is it dodgy ? 
  how are they getting around the rulling as this story implies ? 
  the ecj rulling only affected safe harbor, 
  but these are not party stances . 
  they are negotiating positions . 
  releasing them would undermine the negotiations and it would almost guarantee this would die . 
  99 % of the drafts wont make it anuwherw though . 
  they will have no effect on the end result . 
  they are just negotiating positions . 
  this is just like the keystone pipeline in the us , some people have found a project to latch on to . 
  its disgusting , all the misinformation and lies the activists are spreading . 
  it is just as bad as fox news . 
  once its out , turn the fucker down if its not in europes interest but stop lying to europeans about what it will do when you dont even know qhat it says . 
  what is wrong with actually seeing the document before you make judgement ? 
  dont bring up the transparency bull . 
  you cant have transparent negotiations . 
  if you believe there is such a thing as transparent negotiations , try to enforce them on your countries companies and see what happens . 
  indiana is red by accident . 
  the republicans here pass as much forward legislation as illinois on most issues . 
  especially education . 
  republican, 
  however you purposefully left out a major part of story . 
  the 2 party system gives us stability . 
  it also allows incremental changes which the entire country generally supports . 
  its alot less reactionary than you think . 
  take obamacare as an example , at this point the republicans could n't touch it . 
  they lost their chance . 
  i dont think you realise that every single us state has multiple university state systems . 
  indiana has indiana university and purdue which are both cheap if your in state . 
  illinois has illinois state and university of illinois , again both cheap . 
  i got my degree from purdue in biology with a chem minor and i have 3 to 5k in debt, 
  bankruptcy works here because we all pay for it . 
  the banks know it will happens and try to build it into their business model . 
  meh , its up to the data regulators . 
  i dont think many will kill safe harbor they know we would retaliate against european businesses some how . 
  thank you, 
  nope , you would still get a shitload . 
  we dont give migrantd anything and we have over 11 million illegals, 
  they also help repopulate dying towns . 
  its not like they get drag the wages lower , all the farmers pay them minimum wage anyway around here, 
  i mean theft , damage to property , assault , etc. 
  you cany fault someone who wants a better life . 
  those people who want to deport all illegal immigrants are definitely in the minority here and this is a red state . 
  overall migration is good . 
  in indiana , we dont even care if your illegal or not . 
  dont break any laws , dont leech off the state , and dont annoy people and no one gives a shit if you do break laws , well send you the f back where you came from, 
  that is the wierdest word order i have ever seen . 
  is that a google translate thing or is that actual dutch word order ? 
  it is american news cnn , nbc , etc, 
  its less of a `` this is how they all are '' and more of a generalization of the riots we see everytime there is a little bit of globalization or competition,
