  she is that last fucking piece that does not match anywhere no matter how hard you try . 
  just got ta put it in the empty place and pound it with your fist until it `` fits '' . 
  we 've already siluted it 7 % . 
  i really hope the great conveyor does not stop or most of europe with be what fin pand currently is . 
  then the nordics would have to drink more, 
  if you look up n. america , i think you fall in the bay lol, 
  thanks for putting me in greece  . <, 
  so how many people 's necks has the defense minister of poland broken before the picture was taken ? 
  to be fair , they would m9re than likely last ~ 20 to 30 years like most infantry vehicles, 
  california wine  english wine  french , 
  the dayton agreement was designed to stop the war and nothing more . 
  the country was supposed to work out its own government after the treaty came into effect, 
  do you guys have australian liq . 
  in europe ? 
  its black liq . 
  flavored with fruit and stuff . 
  never heard of salty but it sounds oddly good . 
  same thing . . 
  it is the athletes duty to report and they should pay the consequences if they do not 2 . 
  the whole federation should be banned since it was most of the federation working on the doping scheme . 
  it was also an open secret , and without harsh action will be no deterrence, 
  is he joking with the smoothie ? 
  i hope so . 
  if your leader has more than 60 % support , something is wrong, 
  there is nothing reputable about this source . 
  if stalin was still alive they would call him `` defender of the workers '' when they interview him . 
  i am not a fan of that one at all . 
  meh , the satisfaction he will never be `` home '' again is good enough . 
  with some people i see on reddit , those videos are probably making facebook employees vomit . 
  seriously though , is it just a function of how embedding the button works ? 
  how are they getting non-user data ? 
  not really , their trade is locked up in europe so they are not attempting to find new markets . 
  unlike the rest of the world , half the world would be very receptive to uk trade agreements for their historical significance . 
  the history of the british empire is easy to dismiss but not easy to forget, 
  unlike any other country in the eu , the uk has the entire anglosphere to fall back on . 
  they could quite easily ramp up trade with the comminwealth , us , and china, 
  nordiclands works and sounds game of thrones-ey, 
  it pisses me off that with my midwest accent word = wird . . almost exactly the same sound, 
  that sounds fun . 
  i generally prefer to make my own pizza :d but i had to try the crust with hot dogs in it . 
  i like a honey-wheat pizza crust with italian beef , pizza sauce , giardiniera topped with mozz , provolone , and parmesan . 
  do you guys have the glory that is pizza hut ? 
  they just brought a hotdog crust pizza here frem england . 
  its bad like all british food but funny . 
  obviously it 's all of the economic people traveling from the middle east stealing all the food from the government, 
  i was totally expecting starving poles, 
  the only thing holding it up is a us law saying that we ca n't sell gas to other countries . 
  the republicans and some democrats want to sell gas to europe . 
  it will probably happened during the next presidency, 
  if it makes you feel any better , there 's currently a bill that may pass our congress which would allow us export gas . 
  right now , us companies can not export fuel . 
  we could sell liquefied natural gas cheaper than russia can sell their pipes gas, 
  it definitely triggers more ransoming . 
  a lot of groups just leave american citizens alone because they know our government would kill them before they pay, 
  federal europe needs to operate on some of the same principle as a federal usa . 
  no person is too big too powerful or too important to be replaced . 
  even george washington face several challenges to his command in the beginning, 
  its possible on the newer planes but the faa does not trust it, 
  reapers can fly higher for longer with much better optics . 
  thats alot of agents/population . 
  good job, 
  you just need to make your own version of the fbi . 
  the fbi mercilessly attacks any corruption it can find as this job gives it legitimacy . 
  unless its someone huge , we dont even hear about it . 
  my parents are paying 1.81 in indiana which annoys me to no end, 
  i sometimes feel like we have the same relationship with france that the uk has . 
  we both love to insult each other but we always end up as allies  p.s. 
  i like how he corrects himself by saying the french work more than the germans ( germans are seen as the hardest workers here ) . 
  $ 5.30 a gallon ... . increases due to taxes i 'd presume ? 
  how much did it go down in europe ? 
  its currently 2.20 / gal in illinois :(, 
  hey , we dont want your allegiance but maybe a call now and then . 
  or atleast a thought might do . 
  every time their is the want from a million people there should be legislation ? 
  the eu governs 500m not 5m . 
  1m people is .2 % of the population . 
  the real issue is our belief in a small government , even if its not true . 
  alot of republicans think obamacare makes the government to big . 
  if you tried to socialize medicine like europe , youd have republicans and democrats opposing you . 
  i could see maybe 35 votes in the house for it . 
  she says that straight white men do not have s right to an opinion and has hinted in the past she thinks we should not exist . 
  she is not much nicer to straight white women . 
  we have almost every social program that europe has but we wont admit it . 
  i can have a roof over my head , i can get free food , i can get money from the government . 
  the real question is : do i want it ? 
  alot of americans are embarrassed to ask for help . 
  i dont want the governments money , food , or shelter is the general attitude . 
  they have people on the news who admit they dont want any help from the social programs becauze they would feel like they failed . 
  the system is not designed to have as much infighting as it has . 
  however , it was designed to be painfully slow in times of peace . 
  the difficulty of getting legislation through means unsupported bills can not be passed by tiny parties . 
  at this point in time , if an election were held tomorrow . 
  any one of the republicans would loose to both of the top 2 democrats . 
  there was also a survey on the news where people said the republican candidates crying about the cnbc debate makes them look childish . 
  the debate itself was in essence no different than the last one except that most of the republicans bombed it . 
  i like trevor noah , although i agree he is not jon stewart . 
  he is more like jon was in the 3rd season ( a reset if you will ) . 
  bahar is literally one of the worst human being alive . 
  if she had authority she would be the next hitler . 
  she pulls this shit non stop .
