  you can do whatever bullshit you want but do not drag your kids into it . 
  hahahahahaha hahahahah hahaha australia only makes boxed wine , 
  first you insult poland and then bam holocaust . 
  the law makes perfect sense . 
  they are just trying to prevent it . 
  was n't this already established ? 
  californian is best , 
  sounds like you are just lazy . 
  paid for 40 and actually work half of it ? 
  security council is stupid anyway, 
  the 90s are perceived as a good time, 
  that would be the end of the world . 
  we would retaliate , they would fire more and then india and pakistan would just say `` well why the f not '' . 
  hey not fair , esti is to cute . 
  this whole vw scandal has the feel of something walmart would do : /, 
  the issue is where you from i guess . 
  my early comments were based sol1ely on polls ive seen on tv over the lasy several weeks . 
  my real belief is that i dislike them both . 
  i , and every democrat i know , am a center right democrat . 
  i want health care and social security for all of those who need it . 
  on the other side , i want my right to bear arms and for the government to leave me alone except when absolutely necessary . 
  basically , i want a government big enough to provide essentials and no bigger, 
  some people bought the cars thinking they were green aswell . 
  the loss of trust will be crazy, 
  europe does : /, 
  that is just plain silly when you watch the news and see the polls . 
  hes the democratic trump . 
  people can see him winning the primary but not the election . 
  the issue really is not the primary . 
  its the fact that he would loose to the potential republicans - trump . 
  every american knows shes establishment . 
  however , she is the establishment from the 90 's when people were doing good . 
  they want to recapture the clinton years, 
  the only records i have heard about him breaking are attendance at his own events . 
  the real problem is even obama is too left for alot of americans . 
  bernie just could not win , the polls ive seen on the news tv point to this fact . 
  however , imagine if it was bernie versus trump , he could win then, 
  he could win the primary all he wants to , it would make the republican win the presidency . 
  bernie sanders would have no chance of winning and everyone knows that . 
  unless something changes , hillary is going to be the nominee . 
  reddit is dominated by liberal americans which is why they are so addicted to bernie sanders . 
  bernie is not doing bad but all predictions here indicate he would lose, 
  you are going to get the `` the charges are all political etc etc etc '' . 
  even if they were , he broke the law the second he jumped bail . 
  edit . 
  however , if there is a medical issue , he should be taken to a british hospital . 
  life isnt exactly worthless , all life is precious . 
  proxy war best war . 
  it be like old times again . 
  we can supply isis like we supplied al qaeda in afghanistan . 
  as isis retreats , there is going to be cultural destruction like we have never seen . 
  they will probably even crumble the rubble so we couldnt examine it . 
  does n't the german army have the quick set up steel barracks that nato used in iraq ? 
  i 've bought one from the us army and you can make them double walled to put insulation inside . 
  hmm , well i prefer the sound of american/turkish empire to the eu , 
  ooo i thought you meant hot or cold beer and vodka ... sounded sooooo bad, 
  dude , you guys are definitely that stable friend that lets you crash at his pad to us . 
  you know , the one that lets you store your nukes in his garage  . 
  you get in a fight once in a while but after you think about , you realise how much you guys just work . 
  now to europe , my friends at school ( germans , french , and russians ) said you guys were still family . 
  although , they dont like your current leader . 
   a recent laugh out loud argument my friend made was `` russia + india + china + serbia can destroy nato , nato will never do anything to powerful russia it would probably take ( the world - nato ) to beat ( nato ) at this point, 
  hot beer ? 
  wtf ? 
  i really like tacos though, 
  hm , i like that . 
  very interesting especially since it goes against so many laws in the us to spy on us by proxy . 
  i am using talk to text on a phone . 
  it is n't perfect . 
  it confuses your and you 're all the time . 
  yep , if they were not spying they would not be doing their job . 
  im impressed they are spying on us and i wonder how auccessful they are so we know who to fire :p, 
  he insinuated that we have no culture which is one of the dumbest things ive ever heard . 
  if you think the same , you are just plain stupid . 
  our culture is a mixture of everyone we have absorbed with a healthy mix of british colonial freedom mixed in as the base . 
  america is so great that by by being born within our territory that greatness is instilled in the children . 
  we have more history as a single country than germany by over 120 years ... 
  no idea , he does not know how shit cnn is ? 
  yep , just go buy a proven aircraft thats no better than an f-18 . 
  ofcourse new planes will have issues but their advantages will outweigh the problems in the long run, 
  deflation is only bad when its noticeable . 
  the people you dont want to stop spending are the general public , if they notice prices going down 3 % a year , they are going to wait until its as low as it will go . 
  japan is a great example of this . 
  look at their consumer spending levels when deflation became noticable . 
  luxuries among the middle and low class just drop off a cliff . 
  hmmm the baltics seem nice . 
  but i read so many articles where your asylum seekers say they just want to work / s lol, 
  hmmmmmm seems plausible edit , although i just looked up some pictures and lithuania has some beautiful sites . 
  thumbs up , totally assylum there . 
  ive only seen the trains stop when there is an accident or someone commits suicide on the tracks, 
  of course they can still implement it . 
  a company self regulating requires no european input . 
  it also shows the eu commision that companies are willing if they make a new plan . 
  our government always deflects questions to the relevant authority . 
  whether that be another department or a different country . 
  there is nothing weird about our country deflecting questions about a european decision to europe . 
  nonstop wars in germany since roman times will do that to a country, 
  i would be happy to be isolationist . 
  we have to many homeless and poor to keep wasting money, 
  i wonder if the rest of the world realizes how sick we are of risk taking ?
