  its like drug boats here . 
  spend 5g on a boat , make 150grand , sink noat when you reach destination . 
  yes because germany , sweden , austria , greece , italy , spain , denmark , france , and hungary have been bastions of border protection up until this point . 
  they definitely did not let in 150,000 people last month . 
  on a scale of 1 to 100 i would give them a 2 on border protection . 
  stop being so fucking hypocritical . 
  if you are in a fallout shelter , you need to watch out for vaulttec 's experiments . 
  you also have rad roaches , water problems , and that fucking overseer to watch out for . 
  its funny they can flout their own laws so easily . 
  ooooo you completed everything you had to do ? 
  well fuck you , you aint joining . 
  they are generally there to protect the protesters . 
  they make sure things dont go out of hand . 
  big groups of people can escalate into violence very quickly, 
  we do , its called american football, 
  you could concentrate these people in camps . 
  integrate those who can right away while the rest take language and culture classes . 
  europe is not like the us , people dont become europe just by living there that said , even we usually concentrate people in neighborhoods with people who are already here . 
  it gives a bit of familiarity in a new land . 
  if hungry actually decides to prosecute the policeman , i ca n't see its boding well for relations . 
  good point . 
  it is alot of inter connected policy that would be required . 
  jesus that is convoluted . 
  i did not realize how much there was to it . 
  makes our system sound fast o.o, 
  any chance on a little bit of translation ? 
  i cant get it to copy to google translate it . 
  do the political parties not come together when something is essential ? 
  ( forgive the silly questions please , i know more than average about europe but not politics ), 
  the eu needz a wealth transfer clause . 
  in the us , once a year all the heads of the federal districts come together and transfer money fro one area to another . 
  from california which has a shit load of money to georgia which does not . 
  these are not loans but a recapitalization to allow all regions to function . 
  in europe , when greece needs money from germany they essentially have to pay to borrow their own money since they are using the euro . 
  they are in effect having to borrow their own recapitalization . 
  these huge trade defecits that germany is sitting on are essentially locking money away and preventing poorer regions from having access ( this has been slightly eased by the printing of money but not generally ) . 
  one of the problems is cost , is it not ? 
  why does the eu not just make a fund to help the outter countries fulfill the dublin protocols ? 
  is there something in the rules preventing the use of funds for it ? 
  i have always been interested in how the eu can deal with such wage gaps . 
  a good example would be $ 1500 a month in germany vs $ 400 in hungary ( not 100 % sure on this oke but its a median of numbers i saw ) . 
  thats an insane wage gap between very close countries . 
  i cant fathom a border is worth so much . 
  anyone want to talk to me like i am 5 here ? 
  the biggest gap here is ~ 28,00 a year average with mississippi the lowest at 23,800 . 
  interesting . 
  apparently all companies want to make money . 
  who knew ? 
  i hate to break it to ya but `` there is no upper limit on asylum '' tranlates as everyone welcome, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine that little thing has been in effect for almost 200 years . 
  americans dont even think about it , its taught in school as dogma . 
  you may have just rustled some jimmies and some feathers . 
  alot of the most dangerous fighters caught and killed by the us were foreign fighters . 
  alot of saudis and pakistanis . 
  democracy is great . 
  europe adopted false multiculturalism, 
  the real problem with afghanistan is there 's a lot of the people causing the issues are not afghans . 
  they have no incentive to make it better becaus3 its not their country . 
  the us has no way out for a good reason . 
  every state gets help from every other state at some point . 
  this arrangement is not possible if a state could leave whenever it was successful enough on its own . 
  we need integrity to ensure the greater good . 
  why should 30mil people get so much help and then be able to leave when they are asked to help ? 
  it wouldnt be a threat . 
  it would be war . 
  i cant imagine our police having any mercy . 
  it would definitely be a call in the swat momentm, 
  they are just convienently enforcing laws already in place . 
  its greece 's problem . 
  not germany 's . 
  why does the eu always start with threats on every issue ? 
  i cant read german but i hope this is fake . 
  eu citizens have a right , how can further integration take place if there were restrictions . 
  i could not even imagine being kicked out or barred from a us state . 
  i literally find it incomprehensible . 
  mmmmmmmmmm italian pasta baked with a little pizza crust to seal in the flavor . 
  amazing, 
  never been to ikea so i have no idea what a meatball hell hole is . 
  however , i follow the general rule that if it aint red , its dead . 
  wouldnt the secret police have been enough after the war ? 
  the gestapo were good at finding rebels , were n't they ? 
  i was taught the slave labor was mainly because 6 million germans were in the army and the germans would have rather killed the slaves . 
  if germany had won all that , i dont believe they would have stopped . 
  history is a strange beast full of what could have beens . 
  however , you have to look to the future using history as your guidebook to keep from making the same mistakes . 
  generally we let them in and arrest them . 
  if there is video of them breaking the border , a trial is just a formality . 
  its probably because we can easily increase production and flood the market, 
  stop rustling jimmies , your in shock, 
  they are ranked where they should be , behind youtube videos that get allloooottttt more views because dm sucks . 
  yea , the taxi drivers are getting to much from you, 
  ive lived in the country my whole life . 
  i promise you i can find enough people . 
  everyone i know would rather action than words . 
  obama is very un loved here, 
  why ? 
  whats different from what were asking compared to every trade agreement europe settles with other countries ? 
  the only real difference is we are the usa so you must have better regulation than us on everything . 
  is europe still held up on the fact we wont recognise their regional foods ? 
  i wonder if this is true .
