  to few ? 
  reading r/europe does not put you in a good spotlight in terms of the roma . 
  almost every european seems more racist against roma than any american i have met being racist against anyone . 
  is it harder to learn english when you dont use the latin alphabet ? 
  i stopped reading right when i realized they were trotzs ... dont get me wrong , i believe socialism can work if you had a democracy with production being controlled by supply alone . 
  however , socialism if the favorite hideaway for dictatord . 
  well , atleast its not the highest in 80 years . 
  the fact of the matter is that this war is twisted by all sides . 
  i can read an article in the us from pakistani sources about a drone killing 17 people known to be terrorists . 
  the european article will say we killed 1 terrorist leader and 16 civilians . 
  they are also kinda in a warzone . 
  i wouldnt go to afghanistan without some idea something may happen . 
  such as ? 
  you do realize the governments of the countries we do drone strikes in have generally authotized it . 
  why do you think the strikes in pakistan stop whenever they get mad at us ? 
  it truly is a case of our police being expert at sting and rat operations . 
  so basically no better than any other balkans country . 
  just pushing it on others . 
  first germany and austria and now serbia / croatia . 
  its like if baby hitler said `` cilll all de juuuusssss '', 
  probably a flavor thing . 
  chicken broth i make can never taste like progresso so i use progresso in some recipes . 
  our beer is about the same as england . 
  appearently if you serve them school lunches , they go away . 
  they will also go away if you do not give them 30 % more than your own citizens . 
  darn hungarians , refusing to give the refugees more money than their own people . 
  midwest usa , chicago https://youtu.be/jdcjepqto9k, 
  i knew the poles controlled everything from their utopia-warsaw . 
  depending on the situation , it can . 
  alot of times they will offer you a bit above the high end just to get you to leave since its expensive to go to court . 
  when the case is out of courtx they usually offer the low end as a kind of punishment . 
  lets say your house is worth 140 to 170 . 
  they start at 185 but if you fight themx they will only offer you 148 because it is still a fair rate . 
  john oliver makes some good trump jokes, 
  isnt it more that they want to be able to make their own ? 
  not just buy our equipment . 
  to bad they are all just completely independent governments doing what they think is best for themselves . 
  everything you mentioned is just a country acting selfish . 
  either wanting something or wanting to be friends with someone . 
  he was smoking some of that sweet smog . 
  russia is so worthless neither me nor my friends give it any thought . 
  hopefully a republican does not won 2016 or it will turn into another big dick competition between us and russia ... . . 
  waste of money and time . 
  i think its more of a cost and usage issue . 
  these stats ignore what each drone is really designed for . 
  if you are just surveying an area , you dont need to be as big as the predator . 
  the predator is basically a fighter bomber replacement missle platform . 
  it was designed and built for its role . 
  does their government actually support the other sectors as much as natural resources ? 
  it does not look like it . 
  hm , yep . 
  it really points it out when we made germany , japan , italy , and korea into states after world war 2 . 
  oh wait , we did not . 
  or ... we have a right to think about it . 
  why does the world care about the us presidential election ? 
  what a fucking ` tard . 
  how can he say something like that when so many people in soo many countries are angry about it . 
  the number one thing i see anti eu on here is its lack of democracy . 
  this idiots first thought it `` i better yell how i am not elected so i dont care what you think '' . 
  i hope this does not make it worse in uk as this will sound like a big fu to them . 
  he did , for 4 years . 
  ah , i thought stuff more based on our news like family guy and south park would not travel well . 
  it is an american cartoon usually adding in our current news cycle ... ... so it seemed wierd, 
  europe has family guy ? 
  yeppers . 
  the third bailout has literally not changed a thing except move the problem down the road . 
  greece needs comprehensive help from the eu as well as a comprehensive overhaul of its own laws and unsustainable market . 
  the us is taking some . 
  actual assylum seekers still in camps as we are not crazy enough to take the ones in europe, 
  http://www.ers.usda.gov/amber-waves/2014-march/adoption-of-genetically-engineered-crops-by-us-farmers-has-increased-steadily-for-over-15-years.aspx pest managemet usually means the plants are less stressed and can grow larger . 
  this article also seems to state thay farmers use less destructive herbicides with ge crops . 
  however , all the farmers i know use roundup so i dont see a difference unless they need less of it . 
  so , it does not reduce resource use when a crop grows larger in the same conditions ? 
  i got greg from wales out of that . 
  cereal is a whole aisle , both sides . 
  as is chips , and alcohol, 
  i meant their territory . 
  my speak to text missed it . 
  i did not , i meant their territory . 
  i 'm using talk to text to post : /, 
  i actually meant they have no effective control their territory . 
  australia effectively has control over everything , even the deserts if they desired, 
  in the us , the news states they actually control little . 
  just a few big towns and the roads connecting . 
  mostly because their territory is a desert . 
  how is there anything wrong when the country agreed to it . 
  there is no lost revenue as there would be 0 revenue from apple without the deal . 
  if russia attacks poland , i doubt it will take 3 months for us to react . 
  we do have 1.7 million soldiers and reservists . 
  ive always had health insurance with 0 copay for medication . 
  would be free for me . 
  why would they not give back stolen stuff ? 
  what if it was french artwork or something ? 
  it seems like the costs are justified though . 
  500 for youth employment and 1.2 bil for refugees . 
  obviously the dairy farmers one seems crazy to me but whatever, 
  how is that even possible ? 
  that is professional incompetence . 
  we can still deliver 50,000 troops with equipment in a week by air lift command, 
  it would only happen with a senate only layout .
