  peter the great also tried to build something similar in saint petersburg . 
  as far as i know , these things had double function : they serve for transportation and for flood prevention , they are used to drain water from inland areas into the sea . 
  these channels are not confined to cities , they would be used to transport goods between different areas in the country . 
  for example there is a channel connecting rotterdam and delft that is still used for goods transport . 
  not all cities have that because your city have to be sitting quite low with respect to the sea level . 
  hence the popularity of this type of layout in the netherlands . 
  japan has disputed territories that it would like to get back from russia , the [ kuril islands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuril_islands_dispute ) that were occupied by the soviet union . 
  it had been quite a major topic there , so i guess the current government sees it as a way to score some political points by showing solidarity with ukraine . 
  technically japan and russia are still at war since these disputes prevented them from signing a peace agreement for past 70 years . 
  and no , japan is not dependent on russian gas . 
  yeah , a friend of mine works for microsoft . 
  she just sits at home wearing pajamas , doing conferences on her laptop . 
  pretty awesome . 
  in the netherlands you can live and work just fine without speaking dutch . 
  dutch phillips is big on biomedical engineering stuff , they should have the jobs . 
  and the netherlands is right in a middle between paris , london and berlin , so you can basically take a train to anywhere in europe for a weekend if you like . 
  in ww2 allied forces included usa , uk , and ussr . 
  there was no hierarchy between them and they still did well as an alliance . 
  i do n't believe that strict hierarchy is necessary in an alliance . 
  maori were fighting the brits just fine without it . 
  as long as there is a shared strategic goal it will work . 
  and currently eu strategic goals should be to work on security at home , not to run around playing world police . 
  being allied with us is like going for drinks with an emotionally unstable thug that you know from back in highschool . 
  sure he 's a great friend and he will take charge if you get into shit . 
  but chances are he 's the one who started it in the first place . 
  yes , there should be an eu-army . 
  and the nato should be abandoned . 
  currently eu has more than enough gear and troops to defend itself from any feasible attackers , it spends more on army than china and russia combined . 
  i believe that it can be fully independent from usa support . 
  eu is bogged down in nato alliance , which is anachronistic and irrelevant . 
  it is not a defense alliance anymore since it turned into more of a gentleman club where big countries get together and decide which brown people they will bomb next . 
  furthermore , if it ever comes down to full out war involving nato , say with russia or china , it will probably be provoked by usa geopolitical ambitions and eu has nothing to do with it . 
  eu should coordinate its defense efforts , come up with a feasible security pact like nato and work on that instead . 
  eu army should be more germany than uk . 
  focusing on domestic security and peacekeeping as opposed to nato-style invasions and geopolitics . 
  everything is going towards it , with the eda , battlegroups and all these things , and the sooner this move will happen the better it is for everyone involved . 
  uh60 has a range of 1400 miles with aux fuel tanks . 
  so yeah , you might be able to pull it off with 3 refuels . 
  and going at 105 kt you can fly from ny to london in 20 hours . 
  as a matter of fact , [ yes you can ] ( http://theaviationist.com/2014/03/06/tu-95-bear-on-ebay/ ) . 
  what does the i stand for anyway ? 
  what , like that time a us president died in a middle of a nuclear standoff between us and ussr ? 
   massive orders of magnitude in how those laws are made what do you mean ? 
  its the same laws . 
   and how they are enforced the same way ? 
  rioters go to jail in russia the same way as they go to jail in uk . 
  same goes for environmental activists and such . 
   who they are enforced against what does that matter ? 
  it 's the law , its the same for everyone . 
  like that time they tried to fish out assange from equador embassy . 
   and how often they are used injustly . 
  how often are they used injustly in russia then ? 
  do you have any examples ? 
   well the economy is stagnating now still better than eu . 
  growth is positive and unemployment is at 5.6 % . 
  if russia is stagnating , what would you say about eu ? 
  that it 's collapsing ? 
   we dont think we 're superior at all your very first comment was  ... go on , im curious to hear about all these state killings by eu governments of political opponents . 
  lets hear all about the violent repression of dissent and opposition viewpoints in the eu ... 
  here you state that russia practices government-sanctioned killings , violent repression and censorship as opposed to free and liberal eu . 
  but all you 've shown are just rumors and presumptions . 
  i 'm guessing that you think that there is no censorship , poverty or corruption present in eu . 
  well , if you are interested , i can find you more than a few examples of that . 
  was n't that your question ? 
   labelled them a systematic thing what makes you think that * state killings * and * economic stagnation * are a * systematic thing * in russia ? 
  something you 've read on cnn ? 
   reading rt over and over again i do n't read rt. 
   putins policy making and attitudes to criticism there is plenty of criticism of putin , his policies and all these things in russia . 
  it 's not saudi arabia where they just chop your head off . 
  you are mistaken if you think so . 
  in russia you can write a book about cutting putin 's head off and sticking a dick in it , no one will stop you . 
  now you say , ok , we as a society criticised our mistakes and still do . 
  but did anything come out of it ? 
  you just assume that since you are * allowed * to criticise anything your government does this makes your country somehow * freer * or your opinions and your government policies * more legit * . 
  and yet uk still went to libya , with majority of population being either supportive or indifferent . 
  western media is no less indoctrinating than the russian media after all , there is no other explanation . 
  to the point of the * policy making * , anything putin had introduced recently with regard to protests or ngo functions is taken straight out of uk and usa law books . 
  it 's the very same policies that had been introduced in uk and usa as part of * anti-terrorism , crime and security act * or the * patriot act * . 
  people seem to get a kick out of criticising russia for these , disregarding the fact that their own countries have the very same legislation in place . 
  then you have a pile of allegations of * murderous regime * . 
  is putin 's regime any less murderous than of those countries that compose the nato alliance ? 
  not really . 
  and yet you hear the loudest criticism from these very countries . 
  uk officials have no right to speak from a high horse denouncing russian regime as murderous when they have just as much blood on their hands . 
  is it more corrupt ? 
  perhaps . 
  but the majority of russians are fine with it , as long as living standards are rising like they did throughout putin 's time in kremlin . 
  there are few things that can make them change their minds and hypocrisy is certainly not one of them . 
  all the bullshit you hear about russia on cnn and bbc only strengthens their resolve . 
  meanwhile in the west people like you seem to have this silly notion that their own regimes are somehow * superior * to the one in russia . 
  even though there are more than enough issues at home as well . 
  no one wins really . 
  everyone is just deluding themselves happily . 
  in the beginning you asked for examples . 
   i cant be bothered to go through a long list of loosely related questions just because youre unable to use google i give you examples and you just dismiss them . 
  well , if it makes you sleep better ... 
   litvinenko theres [ entire wiki page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/litvinenko_assassination_theories ) dedicated to every conspiracy surrounding his death , from weapon smuggling to mi6 . 
  i might as well claim tony blair killed david kelly . 
  heh , and you said putin was killing his political opponents . 
  instead you gave me a long list of journalists killed in russia .
