  it should come with a slogan too . 
  and it should be as catchy as u-s-a . 
  or slayer . 
  these eu guys are really shit at making things sound inspiring . 
  europe should get a catchy chant . 
  like u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  or ros-si-ya !, 
  in eu that would be just like ... yu-rop !, 
  meeh . 
  i 'm asking a very simple question . 
  scots have their snp . 
  who are * them * that would want to have a referendum in chechnya ? 
  who are these people ? 
  where are they ? 
  who represents them ? 
  dutch premier rutte does not think that the situation would escalate or de-escalate and he thinks that the solution should be found using international forum . 
  he is also a bit skeptical about effectiveness of any sanctions , since russia did n't care about them last time around , during georgia conflict and it would n't care about them now . 
  but he still believes that they are justified and necessary . 
  maybe one of the reasons is that the netherlands are quite independent energy-wise , unlike some other eu countries . 
  but then russia is also a very major trading partner of the netherlands , so yeah , its tricky really . 
  i 'd say the popular position here is being bemused by what 's going on . 
  i think there is nothing eu can do to pressure russia . 
  it is too dependent on russian resources . 
  any sanctions would hurt eu more than they would hurt russia . 
  threats of sanctions are really just empty threats and they should stop if eu wishes to preserve any credibility . 
  the best thing it can do right now is to support ukraine . 
  give them money , specialists , even arms , whatever . 
  send some * concerned citizens * their way , with apc 's and all that . 
  i have serious doubts that eu leaders are willing to pursue this tactic . 
  they will just keep sending * very stern warnings * to russia and i am afraid that ukraine is in for a very bitter disappointment . 
  eu is pretty shit at dealing with contingencies like this without us to guide them . 
  this would be a good time to start but i do n't think that would happen . 
   then let them have a referendum . 
  i think you are confused . 
  what * them * you are talking about ? 
  what do you think are the goals of chechnya separatists ? 
  and what part of the population do you think share these goals ? 
  i say if georgia can into eurovision , then chechnya can too . 
  i know their history . 
  what i am talking about is right now . 
  it took germany 10 years go from fascism to joining the nato . 
  things change . 
  why is it so hard to grasp the notion that chechens would rather enjoy their current status as part of russia instead of chaos that would come with their independence ? 
   people being uninformed about politics yeah , kind of hard to [ miss this guy ] ( http://inapcache.boston.com/universal/site_graphics/blogs/bigpicture/chechnya/bp24.jpg ) . 
  they also have streets named after him . 
  it might seem extraordinary but not that unrealistic . 
   but that does n't mean a thing has changed first thing that had changed is that the war is hardly on anymore . 
  second thing that had changed is that chechnya was re-built . 
  third thing that had changed is that there are no more russians left in chechnya . 
  fourth thing that had changed is that russia spends 10 times the amount on chechnya than on any other region right now . 
  lets imagine for a second that chechnya is not a part of russia anymore . 
  what do you think will change ? 
  what , chechnya will suddenly turn into a democratic country ? 
  adopt liberal values ? 
  seek integration with the west ? 
  none of this would happen . 
  what would happen is another war , this time between kadyrov and doku umarov . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone in their right mind wanting that to happen . 
  not in chechnya not anywhere . 
  ukraine might have a chance of pulling out of their mess if eu bails them out . 
  but no one gives a shit about chechnya except for russia . 
  well , who do you think they would vote for ? 
  the communists ? 
  the nationalists ? 
  or the guy who made it a policy to spend 10 times more per-capita on chechnya than on any other russian region ? 
  i would have kadyrov over [ this fucking creep ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izbwzr-osh0 ) any day . 
  note the fun part around 9:05 . 
  it 's been 15 years since the second chechen war . 
  everything has changed since then . 
  the kadyrov regime is the best regime chechnya ever had . 
  kadyrov as a leader enjoys a personality cult in his republic . 
  he is worshiped . 
  kadyrov regime is the best regime chechnya will ever have . 
  i am not a fan of kadyrov or putin . 
  but objectively , chechnya right now is more safe and prosperous than it ever was . 
  and if chechnya gains independence from russia it will be neither . 
  there will be nothing protecting them from the islamic militants . 
  and there will be no one giving them aid . 
  to chechnya there is nothing to gain by becoming independent and everyting to lose . 
  it is fun to cheer for chechnya . 
  in a same way it would be fun to leave a shit on putin 's porch . 
  but that 's hardly the right reason . 
  because there is just no good reason for chechnya to be independent . 
  there is literally nothing good to come out of it . 
  many russian nationalists will be more than happy , chechnya would just be fucked again . 
  it is a very simple thing to grasp . 
  there is no hypocrisy . 
  if you honestly believe that chechnya wants independence from russia or even that it would be a good idea you just have no clue . 
  western advocates for chechnya independence are not just misguided , they are borderline retarded . 
  believe me , the only ones who want chechnya out of russia are russians themselves . 
  there is no need for referendum . 
  there is no point in it , chechnya would choose to stay as it is . 
  if you want chechnya out of russia you have to hold this referendum in russia , not in chechnya . 
  oil prices have hardly anything to do with chechnya . 
  there are oil fileds in dagestan and such , but that 's nothing compared to all the oil in siberia . 
  yeah , well , the majority of people living in latvia do n't walk around wearing [ this ] ( http://content.foto.my.mail.ru/mail/pride-dvd/_myphoto/i-64.jpg ) like chechens do . 
  i 'm not even joking , its all the rage these days . 
  hehe, 
   after one generation change there will be a war again .
