  ubuntu mobile is also hit-or-miss . 
  perhaps if google will stop bundling it 's proprietary apps ( such as google play ) it will solve these compatibility issues . 
  for once the chinese tourists show appreciation for countries culture and look where it got them ... 
  yeah , looks like whatever technique they are using goes from 30mil to 150mil . 
  like our teacher said , `` you can find trends in anything if you plot it on a log scale and use a fat sharpie . '', 
  here 's the [ funky remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jrlcbb7qk8 ) version . 
  in italy they have some sketchy history with atomic . 
  at some point in the 90s their mafia got a hold of some nuclear waste disposal contracts and just dumped all this stuff into a hole in the ground somewhere or shipped it off to africa . 
  and they have better toys . 
  yeah , but most other airlines do n't give a shit whether you printed your boarding pass out or saved it on your phone . 
  ryanair is the only one to charge you a full check-in fee if you did and it 's written in tiny letters somewhere . 
  their website is not the easiest one to navigate either if you are looking for something specific . 
  personally , i never had troubles with them , but my girlfriend flies like every other month and sometimes she hates ryanair . 
  they are not particularly consistent with enforcing their regulations , so she always carries a printout from their own rule book if they decide to fuck with her , which happens all the time . 
  they have this reputation for a reason . 
  they have a penchant for being extra anal about these small print rules tho . 
  like only accepting boarding pass barcodes if they were printed on paper * or * downloaded through their app . 
  did a check-in online but forgot the printed boarding pass ? 
  gotto pay the check-in fee !, 
  got a pdf saved to your telephone ? 
  pay the check-in fee !, 
  traveling with a musical instrument that exceeds the luggage requirements by 10cm ? 
  pay for an extra seat !, 
  paid for an extra seat ? 
  sorry , gotto put it into hold !, 
  to be fair , ryanair probably makes more money with unchecked luggage surcharges and lottery tickets at this point . 
  the streets shall flow with the blood of the petite-bourgeoisie !, 
  but hey , at least it looks nice . 
  they had a russian king !, 
  the guy showed up there in the 1930s , [ proclaimed himself the ruler of andorra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_skossyreff ) and everyone just went along with it . 
  his full title was  boris i , prince of the valleys of andorra , count of orange and baron of skossyreff ... sovereign of andorra and defender of the faith . 
  he successfully ruled andorra for ~ ~ years ~ ~ two weeks until the spaniards showed up and whisked him away when he declared war on the bishop of urgell . 
  he then refused to be deported to portugal because the spaniards would n't pay for a first class ticket . 
  nobody i 've spoken to on the subject really seems to mind . 
  and most people are aware that nl is a tax haven , at least among the people i know . 
  whatever little taxes these corporations pay here do end up in local budget , so while they might skip on taxes elsewhere it 's all good for us . 
  supposedly . 
  the weirdest part is that my dutch is n't even bad . 
  i 've been here for 12 years ffs , got a passport and everything . 
  i just have a heavy accent . 
  like i go to a supermarket checkout and i say `` hoi '' to the cashier girl and immediately she starts talking english to me . 
  i reply in dutch and she still talks english . 
  like wtf man . 
  is it written on my forehead or something ? 
  i 'm a ( white ) immigrant myself here in the netherlands . 
  and i 'd also rather live in a mixed neighborhood . 
  at least there everyone has an accent . 
  also , rent is cheaper . 
  and for many people congregating in these `` white '' neighborhoods the fact that it 's `` white '' plays a huge role when selecting a house , i 'm not sure i want to be around that . 
  both south korea and japan spent decades under us occupation . 
  their very first constitutions were drafted under american supervision . 
  i 'm not sure how much agency did japan or south korea even have around 40s-60s in drafting any of their reforms . 
  and i ca n't think of many topics that they adopted from the west in conservatism department either . 
  the japanese were living under feudal rule well into the 19th century and then just went straight for `` make japan great again '' that still persists to this day . 
  back in the 60s and 70s , they had all sorts of distinctly japanese conservative movements , like the one led by yukio mishima . 
  i doubt many of them really give a shit about smith or burke ideas outside of academic circles . 
  here in the west people have centuries of protestant thought and various french liberty movements that had been ingrained in peoples minds by now . 
  in asia , they had none of that . 
  any semblance of western-like thinking is just that , a cherry-picked set of customs put there at various `` modernization '' periods that they went through and has fuck all to do with western religious or philosophical movements . 
  it 's purely cosmetic . 
  it 's not like they even need any of that . 
  china has 5000 years of history to draw upon and half a century of building its own distinct brand of communism . 
  japan has its glorious feudal and imperial days to reminisce about . 
  one exception is perhaps taiwan , which is not particularly conservative , but who also had come to these reforms naturally as opposed to having them installed under military occupation . 
  i 'd also expect them to drop the death penalty sooner than the other asian countries , as they move away from the ideas they had during their period of military dictatorship . 
  all aesa radars that you mention were tested for the very first time around the mid-2000s . 
  all gripens on order right now will have the aesa . 
  and all typhoons will be upgraded with it in the coming years , certainly by the time the f-35 reaches combat readiness . 
  the f-35 is n't more mature just because they slapped it on straight away . 
  the system still has a host [ of issues ] ( http://www.i and it 's still not combat readybtimes.com/us-militarys-f-35-fighter-reaches-peak-fail-thanks-radar-glitch-forces-pilots-switch-2332566 ) of its own and they had been fixing it all this time . 
  i 'm not sure that `` mature '' is the right word here . 
  at least the systems currently installed on eurocanards * actually work * , while the f-35 is still a flying testbed . 
  taking issue with captor-e delays is a bit silly , since in case of f-35 the whole airframe is famous for assorted broken bits and delays . 
  and in case of gripen the americans [ actively fucked with their aesa upgrades ] ( http://flightglobal.rbiblogs.co.uk/the-dewline/2010/12/wikileaks-shows-us-played-aesa/ ) to win competitions . 
  shows great confidence in their product , by the way . 
  plus all the eurocanards can make use of targeting pods , while the f-35 ca n't and never will . 
   360 degree view around the aircraft wha , like the hmss ? 
   multiple missiles that 's like [ the basics ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/pentagon-worries-that-russia-can-now-outshoot-us-stealth-jets ) . 
   at the moment , the f-35 carries only four amraam missiles inside its weapons bays , but that might be expanded to six in the future . 
  older fighters like the boeing f-15 eagle carry no more than eight missiles -- while the f-16 usually carries no more than six weapons . 
  that means that if a fighter has to fire -- for instance -- three missiles to kill a single enemy fighter , the pentagon is facing a serious problem . 
   `` getting a first shot is one thing , '' said a former air force fighter pilot with extensive experience with russian weapons . 
  `` needing another shot when you have expended your load is another when your force structure is limited in terms of the number of platforms available for a given operation . '' they typically shoot a salvo of several missiles at once , anything less is just harrassment . 
  and the 50 % figure is nice but it depends on a whole load of different factors . 
  like the distance , trajectory , counter-tech , etc. 
  in reality it 's [ more like 0.3 ] ( http://www.ausairpower.net/apa-notam-070109-1.html )  as an example , if the aim-120 launch reliability of the f-35 yields three shots , and each shot has a post-launch pk of 0.3 , then the aggregate kill probability of launching at three adversaries is 0.9 kills , or at a single aircraft is 0.66 kills . 
  if the enemy is present in superior numbers , such yields will be insufficient to dominate the battlespace . 
  and  that 's a big if since no 4.5 th aircraft has accomplished such a feat against a 5th generation aircraft . 
  i do n't see how that 's such an if . 
  it 's big , it 's hot , it can be detected by a radar . 
  the only question is how close does it hase to be . 
  50km seems to be the low-end estimate , from the time typhoons met with the f-22 , with their current pre-upgrade captor array . 
  according to the russians , their new systems can detect it even further away . 
  plus unlike the f-22 , f-35 does n't mask its exhaust , making it prone to ir detection . 
   the f-35 is not actually that slow , sure it may not able to supercruise but it 's no slouch . 
  also the f-35 has demonstrated rather impressive high aoa performance that 's not even an argument . 
  what aoa performance ? 
  both the gripen and the typhoon have like half the wing loading of f-35 . 
  the typhoon also has more thrust-to-weight , can fly at mach 2 + and has a higher service ceiling . 
  same applies to su-35 by the way .
