  but it 's also a bit away from the center and there 's not much going on there . 
  my favorite areas are centrum , west ( nieuwe binnenweg and up until delfshaven ) , coolhaven , noord ( around bergweg and zwarte jan straat ) and blijdorp . 
  noord should be a nice bang for the buck : it 's been gentrifying lately , with lots of new venues and places to go out , but the rent is still ok as far as i know , if you do n't mind the whole multi-culti vibe . 
  also if you start looking for jobs you should check out delft area as well as rotterdam . 
  there 's like a shitton of tech-related startups there lately and they readily hire internationals . 
  the commute is pretty chill as well . 
  charlois is getting nicer lately . 
  friend of mine just bought a house there not long ago . 
  i think in the long run the whole kop van zuid/charlois area will grow increasingly more attractive . 
  yeah , well ... 
  i 'm sure there are places out there where you can live like a king on 5eur/h , just not here :p, 
  yeah , i do n't know about that , been a while since i did any minimum wage gigs . 
  but there really should be some sort of reform . 
  just from my personal experience , i was doing construction work in my late teens/early 20s . 
  when i just started , i and the other kids my age would be given the shittiest tasks around . 
  i remember me and another teenage kid had to carry a 150kg steel i-beam 4 stories up the stairs , since that was cheaper than renting a construction elevator . 
  and all sorts of shit like that , all for minimum wage that was barely enough to buy fishsticks for dinner sometimes . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous . 
  it 's one thing when you live with your parents an fill up supermarket shelves for some pocket money and another one if you gotto pay the rent and make a living at that age . 
  in the netherlands the minimum wage varies with age . 
  i think to get the full one you must be like 25 or something . 
  i remember earning something like 4eur/hour when i was 17 . 
  on the one hand i guess it sort of makes sense , since most teenagers working minimum wage still live with their parents . 
  on the other hand , i moved out and was working full-time when i was like 19 and surviving on 5 eur/hour was quite a bitch . 
  quite progressive imho . 
  the thalys tgv interiors are [ garish af ] ( http://railb2b.com/raileurope/images/stories/trainphotos/2ndclass_7.jpg ) tho . 
  i think the local french tgvs were only slightly better . 
  spaniards got the best trains , with movies and snack vending machines and everything . 
  i think the general public tends to over-estimate exactly how reliable/useful unmanned aircraft really are . 
  manned aircraft is n't going anywhere at least until the * next-next * advanced combat aircraft system . 
  the crash record on the current unmanned system is pretty shit . 
  i mean sure they do n't have a pilot that could get hurt , but it 's just nice to have something that can take-off * and * land with some degree of consistency . 
  the operation costs of unmanned aircraft are not less than that of manned aircraft and often exceed that . 
  you still need huge investments in infrastructure and lots and lots of planning and ground crew for each mission . 
  in the end there are only like 2 real advantages to unmanned systems : it can fly missions that last 20 + hours and if it crashes over enemy territory you wo n't have gary powers-style clusterfuck . 
  neither is particularly important for an air superiority fighter . 
  politically , eu would probably be better off without britain . 
  personally , i 'm involved in an industry that has a strong presence in britain and i 'd rather they changed their minds and stayed , or at least kept the free movement part , i do n't care about the rest . 
  well , if you were to nuke belgium that might work . 
  but that 's about as effective as it gets . 
  any kind of cruise missile would be intercepted by the airforce and shot down . 
  and nuclear scuds had a pretty limited range . 
  again , you would n't be able to reach anything further than belgium . 
  the bomb itself is just a part of it . 
  even if , say , the netherlands had the bomb they would still have to deliver it somehow . 
  bomber aircraft are out of the question pretty much , unless you can invest in something like b2 , and even then you probably would have trouble going against any country with real air defenses . 
  icbms are your only option . 
  so the netherlands would have to kickstart an entire domestic space program just for that or purchase these things from someone else . 
  and there is no real market for icbms as far as i know . 
  they had the bomb for years now , but they still struggle with making a delivery system so their bomb is basically useless . 
  i 'm russian , i just live in the netherlands . 
  i still know people there and i still follow their news . 
  my qualms with navalny come from the fact that he mingles with russian nationalist movement and the toxic environment within this whole opposition clique since anyone speaking out against him is branded as a regime puppet . 
  and in the west , he 's portrayed as some kind of russian mlk or something . 
  yeah . 
  not a fan of the current regime , but fuck navalny . 
  i wish russia actually had a real opposition movement . 
  between krampus and hot-air balloon turk , being a child in austria must be terrifying . 
  i 'd say as the `` peripheral '' europeans start earning more they also start buying more shit from western europeans , which is a pretty tangible benefit in itself . 
  do they actually taste different ? 
  dutch mcdonalds burgers taste like flavored paper towels . 
  not just afraid . 
  sometimes you arrive at a new place , looking for a place to eat , so you go to whatever cafe and realize you have no fucking clue what do any of the words on the menu mean , or what it is , or how big any of it is . 
  also , each country has different eating schedules . 
  like in spain there are all these cafes that are open all day , but only serve food at lunch . 
  the fuck is wrong with them ... 
  i do n't feel comfortable with the possibility of going to court for liking some dank isis tunes on youtube . 
  i thought he is carrying it in case he would get tired or something . 
  the banking crisis hit a whole lot of placs outside the eu as well . 
  the euro crisis ? 
  i do n't recall euro entering hyperinflation or anything , it 's the second most traded currency in the world right now . 
  blaming the refugee crisis on the eu is like blaming the us for the holocaust . 
  and talking about international tensions , it 's been quite a while since germany had a war with anyone . 
  n\u00eb\u00ebds m\u00f6re d\u00f6ts . 
  i 'd be cautious about swinging boobs around uncle sam these days . 
  he might get grabby . 
  it 's not just american . 
  it 's an american program , but all the partner countries also participated in development . 
  italy included . 
  yeah . 
  the effect on vote outcome probably would be marginal at best , it will play right into erdogans populist rhetoric and fucking with foreign consulate functions is just sketchy in general since they are inviting turks to fuck with german consulates in retaliation . 
  also * we all know what the referendum result will be * is hardly a valid excuse . 
  / r/empiredidnothingwrong, 
  he was also the one with personality cult though . 
  other genseks were less flamboyant and were more a part of the apparatus rather than its embodiment . 
  what culture , exactly ? 
  there are like 20 + different parties out there . 
  ranging from fundamentalist christians who want to repeal women 's suffrage to local pirate party who 's leader used to be a porn star . 
  sure there are some parties out there who campaign on behalf of `` dutch culture '' and `` national values '' , but i 'd rather eat a bag of dicks than be connected to them in any way . 
  the only thing that protects my rights is the constitution and a small army of bureaucrats tasked with enforcing it . 
  the bureaucrats about whom i feel at most ambivalent , unlike the ecstasy that some feel about their mythical `` nation '' . 
  nationalism is retarded . 
  oh shi , that was him ? 
  what a hero !, 
  did n't get into it at first , thought it was one of these other animated shows with juvenile humor just for the sake of it . 
  but it turned out to be so much more than that . 
  yeah , it 's fantastic . 
  its hilarious , it 's epic and it can get heartbreaking too . 
  all the cast personalities are detailed , unique and there is character development between episodes . 
  and it holds nothing back .
