  as russia fragmented into a whole bunch of principalities that were in constant state of strife with one another and had no centralized authority . 
  there was no centralized authority in russia until the mongols took over . 
  and it remained this way until mongol empire itself started disintegrating . 
  much of the institutions and the infrastructure that were installed during the mongol rule persisted into muscovy and served as a foundation to united russia . 
  yeah , but kievan rus ' was just that , a predecessor . 
  there 's like hundreds of years separating them and tsardom of russia . 
  before the mongol invasion there was n't even russia . 
  it had been a bunch of warring feudal states that had been united into one kaganate under mongols . 
  if you ever filed for tax returns or some municipal tax exemption you 're a tax avoider too . 
  leave pepe alone :(, 
  how do you tell an isis supporter from a journalist doing research on them online , a person with interest int the topic or a gore junkie watching their execution vids ? 
  and why is isis singled out , should this supposed law also affect other extremist ideologies ? 
  or not so extremist ideologies . 
  should it be limited just to persons with residence permits , or to citizens as well ? 
  i mean you kick out the foreigners , fine , what are you going to do with the natives ? 
  if this thing ever gets passed it would be incredibly vague , since it 's difficult to determine what a certain view is , to prove that the person actually holds these supposed views and singling out persons with residence permits means that different laws apply to them apparently . 
  in the end it will end up as another stomp on personal liberty passed on the wave of hysteria , much like the patriot act and it 's analogues in europe . 
  i get the point , but the whole expelling people based on their supposed views is kinda sketchy . 
  as a linux user , maybe that was the case like 5 years ago when you still had to edit config files to get sound , video or wifi drivers working , or stuff like flash or second screens or whatever . 
  but these days for a general user who uses the computer mostly just for the browser linux is fine . 
  most newer distros are just plug and play with everything working out of the box . 
  it 's really just the compatibility issues with some software . 
  but i think that will go away , since android is probably the second most popular os right now , and people use it for everything these days . 
  and common stuff like the the office suits or image editing are all moving online anyway . 
  what ? 
  no man , i 'm keeping it clean . 
  if it shows my username on some garbage then its tripping . 
  i think it got hijacked by / r/european people . 
  would it ? 
  i mean i am not a lawyer , just a crime tv show junkie , but in my book something that would warrant an investigation would include : an actual recording of communiques between the parties involved , where they discuss misappropriation of funds , evidence that misappropriated funds were spent on something other than intended from beginning , evidence that all the faces involved are actually in touch with one another , or some witness that can corroborate misappropriation of funds . 
  i did n't make it past 10 min in the video , but the most `` hard '' evidence they had was medvedev 's online shopping list . 
  which could 've been put together after the fact , just based on the shit he wears in the pictures . 
  and navalny had been busy peddling this sort of `` investigative journalism '' for years by now and he 's yet to find anyone at all to actually go on record for him and confirm his findings . 
  now i 'm not going to dispute that russia is corrupt as fuck , but all these `` investigations '' are n't very convincing , to me at least , because they lack any sort of ground besides speculation and conjecture . 
  if i saw pics of medvedev chilling in a pool at one of his mansions , or going for a fishing trip on board of his yacht , hanging out with his alleged co-conspirators , then sure , maybe . 
  but like this it 's just throwing sensationalized shit in the air and hoping that something sticks . 
  it 's like `` would you look at that , this ceo of a large oil corporation has a fuckton of money !, 
  and he went to school with medvedev wive 's second cousin !, 
  shocking !, 
  not a fan of putin or whatever , but all the stuff in the video is at best circumstantial . 
  doubt that would stand in court or anything . 
  well , they could 've just said * russian intelligence services * , but they just had to go for the more clickbaitey anachronistic one . 
  even calling it a * spy agency * is kinda retarded , they are more like the fbi , really . 
   money-laundering operation run by russian criminals with links to the russian government and the ** kgb ** someone should send em a memo that the kgb had been renamed like 26 years ago . 
  afaik the catalans believe that they are the one of the most productive regions in spain ( which they are ) and they are upset that they have to send a lot of their dough to madrid , receiving less in return . 
  that 's the main reason , really . 
  on top of that you have the whole history thing of course . 
  for some time catalan language and culture were under pressure from fascists , so catalan nationalism is a sensitive subject . 
  the spaniards of course object that any discrimination is currently taking place , as it were under francoism , and that catalan nationalists should stop bitching about this stuff , since it 's all ancient history . 
  at the same time they argue that its in catalan interest to remain part of the larger country and they are nervous about them pushing for independence , since that would set precedent for basques to follow or whatever . 
  in reality there 's a bit of a shitshow on both sides : an average spaniard would n't believe you if you told em that catalan money keeps the poorer regions of spain afloat , and catalans expect to end up with some sort of utopia if they gain independence , which they probably wo n't , and there are also some sketchy characters in the whole independence scene . 
  i had one of these `` talks '' when i was younger and lived in russia . 
  the agent was assuring me that if i keep going like that i will not be admitted to any university or leave the country for that matter . 
  typically you get summoned by police when a : you did something wrong , b : you know someone who did something wrong , c : you did nothing wrong , but you live in a police state and those assholes want to fuck with you . 
  meeh , that 's just semantics . 
  every big liberal party is bitching about immigrants these days . 
  dutch libertarian party wants to abolish border control altogether . 
  so does the american one . 
  any fundamentalist libertarian must be anti-borders , since borders mean government control . 
  there are also libertarians against borders , so hay ... 
  i think us security detail would be delusional to just show up in random countries unannounced , rambo-style and dragging the president along . 
  any country . 
  maybe it 's not the same everywhere . 
  i just checked my own mobile carrier and the phones that they had vs. prices on amazon , and it 's the same pretty much . 
  monthly payments are just the full price of the phone / 24 for a 2-year contract . 
  how is it a ripoff ? 
  over here if you get a phone with a contract the monthly payments are exactly the same as if you bought it in one go . 
  i do n't think it 's even possible to get rid of turkish citizenship though . 
  do n't know about nyt , but wapo and cnn had been consistently full of shit when covering trump . 
  i like my news free of any agenda , whether i agree with that agenda or not . 
  well , some took it harder than the others . 
   unlike westerners , the russians have never experienced prosperity and are still capable of living modestly . 
  that does n't apply to turkey . 
  i 'd say russia and turkey are more alike in a sense that both used to be huge , important empires that have descended into irrelevance . 
  the alternative is that they will be sent off and probably go back to doing jihad stuff with no consequences at all . 
  does the fishery control agency really share so much business with gender equality agency that they have to sit next to each other ? 
  i did my internship there for a few months , and i remember getting an abonnement was n't so easy for non-spaniards . 
  like they wanted a spanish social security number . 
  also biking on pedestrian walkways felt a bit awkward , coming from the netherlands . 
   i can only came up with economical interests . 
  well , that , and the fact that these states do n't * really * sponsor terrorism . 
  all these sheikhs could n't give two shits about this stuff . 
  now if these regimes were to fall , the next guys taking over would n't just slip some pocket money to them every now and then , they would probably go full isis . 
  a dash of schizophrenia perhaps ... 
  i came from russia . 
  i was hoping that russia would be more like europe . 
  now europe is becoming more like russia . 
  what the fuck man . 
  i think hatin on various ethnic/religious groups is the favorite european pasttime . 
   told us we are missinformed and other shit oh yeah , what was their argument ? 
  well , i 'd take russia over half a dozen absolute monarchies that made it higher on the list . 
  or singapore for that matter . 
  also half of the countries on the top 30 occupy one place or another . 
  wtf makes turkey more free than russia and crimea less free than saudi arabia ? 
  it has potato quality, 
  if you find me the original photo with the soldiers ... 
  at our faculty they really push us to put together a journal paper at the end of master , even though half of the stuff that actually gets published is garbage . 
  in general the whole `` more is more better '' culture is bullshit . 
  i 'm working on my own thesis right now , and after fucking with it for more than a year i 've realized half of the papers that i cite are bullshit . 
  and i 'm talking papers with 2k + citations and dozens of others that mimic those .
