  like 100 e in my first year , bought a whole pack of books from another student who did n't need them anymore . 
  after that i figured out i could use the library/download pdfs/borrow books from teachers . 
  with some courses the teachers actually provide us with scans of relevant book chapters , with some others you could * rent * a book from the faculty for the duration of the course . 
  i speak dutch , english , russian and spanish . 
  ill probably learn french next , maybe also german at some point ... 
  same here . 
  persian empire was truly magnificent , and modern iranian history is pretty intense too , albeit tragic . 
  and the way the jewish state was founded and persisted for the past seven decades is quite spectacular as well . 
  really want to visit both of these places , but should probably get a second passport to keep the stamps separated heh . 
  i remember when the netherlands campaigned for nato intervention in libya , and participated in the overthrow of the regime there . 
  and i remember there were posters with assads face pasted at every train station , calling on cutting him away from russian assistance . 
  and now many people here are moaning and groaning about refugee influx , like the country had fuck all to do with any of it all this time . 
  although the numbers of people actually allowed to stay here are ridiculously low , compared to jordan , turkey , or even lebanon , which probably hosts more refugees than entire eu right now . 
  which is a fucking disgrace , since lebanon is a dirt-poor state size of netherlands , and eu is the biggest economic block in the world . 
  it must be very confusing for the foreigners when the dutch come to their country and start asking for pin machines , and whether they can pin for something . 
  lebara should have the best rates for this sort of thing , but not all stores carry it . 
  vodafone is a bit of a ripoff , but you 'll find it everywhere . 
  in most places you can buy a pre-paid sim-card for like 10-20 euros , with balance on it and data included . 
  depending on the country you would get more or less plans to choose from . 
  like when i was in spain there were only a few prepaid plans to pick from and you had to provide an id . 
  here in the netherlands there 's a shitton and you can pick a burner sim card at any grocery store . 
  just from my experience , data-only plans are not very common , but a normal burner sim-card should get you enough data to use watsapp and google maps or whatever for a week or so , used cautiously . 
  and if you re-fill it then it 's not that expensive . 
  there are plans in the works to remove roaming charges within the eu , but i do n't know how far they are with it and it whether it applies to prepaid as well as contracts , you should look into that . 
  i think the main reason is that asylum procedure outside of central/western europe is a mess . 
  states like poland or latvia actively shut out refugees and block eu proposals that would make them accept more of them . 
  in russia they keep refugees in limbo status for years , without possibility of employment , and deport them on short notice without giving reasons . 
  i 'm fairly certain that if polish asylum application procedure was on par with german then they would get about as much refugees as their western neighbors . 
  they would have to join eurovision first . 
  you should check out [ sonar ] ( https://sonar.es/en/2016/ ) in barcelona . 
  it 's in the city , so you dont have to camp out . 
  i personally never went there , but it 's a well known festival and everyone that i know who went there liked it . 
  and barcelona is quite an experience . 
  if you 're there during the full moon , go to mar bella beach in poble nou . 
  there 's a big party there every night when there 's full moon . 
  you do n't have to pay and can bring your own drinks or whatever . 
  in the netherlands there 's [ pinkpop ] ( http://www.pinkpop.nl/2016/nl/programma/ ) . 
  this is more of an outdoorsy festival , with tents and mud and all that stuff , and it 's pretty well known around here , so lots of big names on the lineup . 
  it 's probably sold out by now , but you can still buy tickets on some reseller website . 
  if you want music and you are on a budget you might want to check out some summer festivals like rock werchter , lowlands or sziget . 
  it 's fun and you 'll meet people from all over the place . 
  from what i hear this sort of stuff is ridiculously expensive in us . 
  most central european festivals sell for like 150e for 3-4 days , a beer costs like 2.50 e and a meal is 8-10e . 
  if you go to a festival in eastern europe you can cut that in half , and the music lineups are the same . 
  just get the tickets as soon as possible , they sell out quickly . 
  exactly . 
  but this is what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's not just the subsidies . 
  the whole scene is in decline . 
  but then now for every 7-dancefloors-drunken-teenager-whatever place you 've got some sweaty-basement-fire-hazard-deathtrap popping up , so maybe it 's just going back to the roots or something . 
  yeah , but then you also see some typical edm venues rebranded as poppodiums , with all sorts of things on the lineup . 
  and there are no new venues to fill the gap . 
  all the new venues kind of go for the same formula . 
  i mean it 's not bad , i just do n't think edm is as hot as it used to be . 
  i think it 's losing popularity though . 
  there are less and less venues recently . 
  i think it 's very common . 
  almost everyone i know went on a weeks/months trip throughout europe at least once ( me included ) . 
  it 's very common to do that before you start with the university , or just after you finish it and before getting a job . 
  you meet tons of people in their early/mid 20s along the way . 
  especially brits and dutchies . 
  and of course just going to berlin or paris for the weekend is pretty easy : you take your toothbrush , find a blablacar and off you go . 
  planning to go to spain next year . 
  i lived there for a few month during my internship . 
  i know a lot of expatriates here in the netherlands . 
  biggest hassle seems to be competing with locals , if you are a freelancer . 
  it 's a bit harder to make connections . 
  and if you work for a contract then language requirements might narrow down your list of options . 
  here in the netherlands it 's ok , just knowing english is often sufficient . 
  spain will be a bit more tricky i think . 
  but besides that , there is very little administrative hassle involved . 
  the commission does n't actually make any decisions , it has no legislative powers . 
  it generally gets tasked with drafting changes in legislature , and then passes it onto the council or the parliament . 
  likewise , the council does n't have any powers either , they can only make changes to whatever the commission came up with . 
  in the end the only body capable of making it into a law is the european parliament , so once the nation leaders of the council make up their mind about the whole thing it will get passed on to them to be approved . 
  that 's all theory though . 
  in practice the ep is [ kind of pissed ] ( http://neurope.eu/article/european-parliament-refuses-co-operation-council-schengen/ ) that the council is the one actually making schengen decisions these days . 
  never been to zurich , but basel and bern are lovely places to spend a day or two . 
  i do n't know how long you 'll be staying there , but it may be worth a visit . 
  yeah , i know , they almost did n't let me board once when i had a weird temporary residence permit . 
  the thing is that ensuring that all refugees can get their * paperwork in order * without resorting to whatever they are doing right now would simultaneously solve human trafficking , boat people and hungarian/greek freaking out problems . 
  and would probably cost less than fishing them out of the sea/keeping them in those shitty camps for months . 
  the truly ridiculous part is that they have to go through all this nonsense with boat smugglers and riot police while technically they should just be able to buy a plane ticket to munich . 
  [ lil kleine & ronnie flex - drank & drugs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_swivbesd50 ), 
  living in one of the most `` islamized '' cities in europe , the panicky shit that google churns out on the topic really cracks me up sometimes . 
  ah , lovely , so you 've read something on the internet . 
  then it must be true . 
  what do you know about muslims , living in lithuania of all places ? 
  yeah , no , still racist . 
  europeans only whine about brown people leeching . 
  americans are fine . 
  you can come . 
  it 's unfortunate that you have a portuguese passport though . 
  the programs that you mention ( student assistance , loans , etc. ), 
  often come with a condition that you either have to be a country national or some strange rules ( like having a certain amount of working hours for example ) . 
  and portugal is kind of broke , so you probably wo n't squeeze much out of them . 
  still , things are tuition fees will be the same for you as for any eu national and you probably will be eligible for certain other subsidies . 
  the only tu delft bsc taught in english is aerospace though , gotto learn dutch for everything else . 
  international baccalaureate schools offer gcse examination . 
  check the one nearest to you .
