  young people included . 
  if you make cars cheaper you 'll just get more cars . 
  paris is already a perpetual traffic jam , the city is packed . 
  and i 've been there during a heat wave . 
  you can barely breathe with all the smog . 
  it 's like auschwitz in there . 
  so yeah , this really is for the common good . 
  twenty years is n't even that dramatic , it 's all just rust buckets anyway . 
  it 's not . 
  every international agreement with is done in secret , and for good reasons . 
  the final version will become publicly available before the final vote , so there will be plenty of time to debate the specifics . 
  you 're not missing much . 
  the comments are just literally describing what 's on the pictures , and there are some snide remarks about ukrainian role in the whole thing thrown in . 
  doubt it . 
  most of these `` oldtimers '' are bmw e30s that guzzle more petrol than an suv and have maybe 3-4 more years left in them . 
  old cars suck . 
  i was hoping the remainers would win , but now that the thing is over i just wish they got it over with already . 
  if the whole thing with britain remaining will actually go through , we 'll never hear the end of the butthurt from the leavers . 
  at least the remain butthurt would be contained in uk . 
  i found that in many places in spain people who do n't speak english would actually know french . 
  especially in the north . 
  also many people here mention russian , but nobody really speaks it outside of baltics . 
  or maybe they do , but they just hate russians so they pretend like they do n't . 
  they should 've added a question about drug policy . 
  because of stupid eu you ca n't even buy proper shrooms anymore . 
  wow , they have comic books too ... neat !, 
  i do n't get people bitching about ttip . 
  the thing would n't even go public until it 's finished , so any scaremongering about it 's contents is just speculation . 
  you also have [ lightshot ] ( http://app.prntscr.com/en/index.html ) , for both macs and windows . 
  it replaces the prt sc and you can edit/upload picture from there directly . 
  and for linux there 's xfce4-screenshooter that has most of the same functionality . 
   glyphosate is very effective in what it does for now . 
  some people had been warning about roundup-resistant weeds that had been evolving recently . 
  a day will come when roundup wo n't be so effective anymore . 
  he also said that it would be a temporary ban and he [ later clarified ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/trump-shifts-muslim-ban-focus-terrorist-nations/story?id=40132071 ) that it would only apply to people entering from `` hot '' areas . 
   donald trump said today it `` would n't bother me '' if scottish muslims went to the united states that 's how i know . 
  and if you want a historical precedent , jimmy carter banned all iranians from entering us back in the 80s . 
  in the end i think they will just increase * racial profiling * at us airports . 
  note how they call it * racial * profiling , even though they really look for people that have a `` muslim look '' about them . 
  i 'm not assuming anything . 
  i 'm actually a fan of the guy . 
  but when trump says `` muslims '' he does n't mean indonesian muslims , or tatars , or turks , or uighurs . 
  he means arabs and persians from syria and the gulf states . 
  whatever he talks about christians does n't serve as proof of anything . 
  most of his electorate probably are n't even aware that there are any christians living there . 
  but everyone knows exactly who he 's talking about : ragheads or towelheads . 
  and it 's not just people from specific country , or religion . 
  when someone in us attacks an us-born sikh for being a `` muslim '' this has fuck all to do with xenophobia or religion . 
  that 's just pure racism . 
  i do n't think semantics are importnt . 
  there are no races to begin with . 
  biologically there 's probably little difference between an iranian and a russian . 
  or an arab and a jew . 
  races are social constructs more than anything , tied to ethnicity as much as color of the skin . 
  when trump talks about muslims what he really means is middle-eastern brown people . 
  poles in england are definitely an ethnic group , and if you want to go into specifics , slavs are not the same race as britons according to more exhaustive taxonomies . 
  i think racism expresses itself as any discrimination or harrassment , based on ethnic * or * racial markers . 
  maybe in america . 
  in a world where the japanese are racist against chinese , chinese are racist against tibetians , pakistanis are racist against bangladeshi , hutu are racist against tutsi and the serbians are racist against bosnians , the english definitely can be racist against poles . 
  an average 20 year old native probably costs something like 250k just to raise and put through secondary education . 
  which puts him in direct competition with a kuka robot , which probably costs less . 
  an average migrant you can put to work at no cost , besides maybe a language course . 
  and for 250k you can make each migrant into a rocket surgeon and you 'll still have some money left . 
  well , china still buys these things from kuka , so hey ... 
  love the tactical two-by-four ... 
  berlin is more fun than paris . 
  maybe not as pretty , but it is fun . 
  also way cheaper . 
  but yeah , i 've been on several road trips through germany . 
  i think it could be one of the best eu countries to just bum around , really . 
  go from place to place . 
  small towns , big towns ... 
  the views are lovely . 
  also in my experience people there are pretty open and friendly to travellers . 
  this season they are fantastic , yeah . 
  but then the greek elections when communists ran against neo nazis had plenty of drama as well . 
  remember all the varoufakis memes ? 
  american politics are pretty fucking boring , compared to eu politics . 
  especially when it comes to parliament sessions and such . 
  there 's like 2 parties and they only get air time is when they talk about abortion or gun control or a dozen other token issues that they had been whining about for decades . 
  and even then , individuals always stick to party line . 
  in eu every minor issue turns into a massive shitstorm with dozens of actors all having their own opinions about everything . 
  i like how he kicks it off with * whos laughing now * and people start cracking up at 5:00 when he mentions the trade deals . 
  sure , english is important , but it 's like a self-fulfilling prophesy . 
  not saying that they should quit teaching it , but maybe teaching kids a * third * foreign language would n't be such a bad idea . 
  i speak four . 
  the only people i know who speak less than three are my parents . 
  big world we live in these days . 
  i 'm actually quite enthusiastic about the whole thing . 
  english is n't going anywhere ( and yeah , ireland is still there , and chances are scotland will be too ) , but now i 've got an excuse to pick a new language . 
  since french and german seem to be relevant again . 
  i 'm just wondering , why not spanish ? 
  more people speak spanish than english anyway ... 
  cheers !, 
  was just about to do that ... 
  yeah , first i could n't read it either , but now i could . 
  and i 'm still not signed in . 
  their website is tripping . 
  there 's a whole lot of time between the downfall of kiev rule and the mongol invasion . 
  kiev had been trashed several times in the meantime , descending into irrelevance .
