  and one of the huge reasons why it 's so expensive is its stealth . 
  after every flight , every external panel on its body has to be re-aligned and every seam has to be re-filled with stealth putty . 
  meaning that for every hour flown it has to stay grounded for days , 50 man-hours per flight hour compared to gripens or typhoons 10 . 
  none of the current 4.5 gen fighters have this problem . 
  spain had been a democracy for 40 years by now . 
  the first thing that they did after the transition is abolishing the death penalty . 
  like most european countries , spaniards actually had an experience with running a democratic state during the restoration era and the second republic . 
  for them , the transition was natural , unlike these asian countries that you mentioned for whom democracy always has been , and to some extent still is a foreign concept . 
  by mid-80s spain was one of the freest , most democratic regimes in europe . 
  any kind of semblance of free , democratic policies in asia right now were copied directly from the west , came decades after it became the norm in the west and often were only adopted because of international pressure from the west . 
  and they all still rank near the bottom on issues ranging from the freedom of the press to the gender gap . 
  if they were n't rich they would all be considered about as democratic and free as ~ ~ uzbekistan ~ ~ belarus . 
  spain has been over it for decades . 
   the f-35a , which takes off and lands on runways , will cost between $ 80-85 million each that 's still like 2x the gripen flyaway cost . 
  and that 's not counting the maintenance costs , which will be enormous for the f-35 . 
  gripen costs like 10 times less per-flight hour than the f-35 . 
  and yeah , the chinese and russian stealth is a meme . 
  as for the concepts , well , they are still concepts . 
  someone is yet to demonstrate that stealth is such a game changer for multirole aircraft that it 's worth investing in . 
  afaik the simulated combat that they did with f-35 did n't show much benefit over current non-stealth aircraft like the typhoon or su-35 , i dunno how it compares to gripen . 
  stealth is a gimmick that will be made irrelevant in the next decade or two . 
  mind you that f-35 can either be stealthy * or * carry extended payload , since it loses its stelath benefits with external loadouts . 
  and when was the last time a western army went against another air force anyway ? 
  and yeah , gripen has less range and payload capacity . 
  but is it really enough to justify the 3x price tag ( or whatever it is ) per-unit ? 
  none of these countries even had a concept of human rights movement until late 20th century . 
  south korea remained a totalitarian/authoritarian state well into late 80s and still has a host of issues with its democratic transition . 
  same goes for taiwan , that transitioned to democracy in the 90s . 
  taiwan had its first president elections just 20 years ago . 
  japan government never really shied from authoritarian tendencies and it had been increasingly more authoritarian in the recent years . 
  and i mean shit , child porn is still legal in japan as of 2017 . 
  should we also have a debate on that ? 
   no one truly believes that no one deserves to die . 
  says who ? 
  it has all the fancy sensors ( like aesa radars ) , can carry all the fancy gadgets ( like maverick and meteor missiles ) . 
  what else do you want ? 
  yeah , sure your justice system is doing just fantastic . 
  highest incarceration rate in the world and all . 
  so free . 
  i 'm sure they are all old and wise in whatever bumfuck totalitarian states where they still practice it . 
  maybe you need a touch of senile dementia to appreciate it . 
  this support dropped 25 % over the past 20 years . 
  i guess the majority of the younger generation are n't really comfortable to be in the same justice system league as saudi arabia , china , and the united states . 
  bang for the buck . 
   connection of only eight megabits , four times weaker than that for an average british household that would be a worrying comparison . 
  if the average british household router was built using only hardened mil-spec hardware and was able to transmit this data tens of kilometers away . 
  yeah , navalny is gross . 
  and here in the west , he 's revered like some kind of liberal jesus . 
  i 've talked to a girl who works for an ngo in russia , she told me if you are active in opposition circles and you speak out against navalny you are branded as a regime puppet and shunned . 
  hot damn far east ... must be lonely in the tundra . 
  yeah , the americans pay well no matter where you are . 
  i 'm talking about lower tier blue collar gigs and just `` normal '' jobs in general , from my own experience as a russian immigrant . 
  i was aware that there were many dutch guys my age doing the same work and they were all paid more than i was . 
  to whomever would be the contractor we 'd cost the same money * to hire * , but how much of that would trickle down into your salary differed depending on whether you were dutch or not . 
  if you are an eastern euro signing up for a few months living in dorms it 's not the best conditions , but you do n't pay much for housing so you can save up and you never sit without work for long . 
  i was paying my own rent and sometimes would have to go for few weeks without any income , so it was really paycheck to paycheck existence . 
  sometimes my salary would be delayed . 
  once i got scammed out of full month of payment altogether . 
  it 's just shit , really . 
  you are not in a good bargaining position as a working class eastern euro . 
  also whenever you had some job that went against osha they would get some eastern euro to do it ( like dragging a 120 kilo i-beam up the dutch stairs to save money on renting a crane ) . 
  whenever something on the site would go wrong and some damages had to be paid they would blame easter euros for it ( like the plumbing breaking and flooding the offices on the ground floor . 
  just blame it on some polish randos that were never near it ) . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  there are tons of girls in hijabs at our uni . 
  i 'm just glad they were giving an opportunity to pursue higher education in a country where it 's acceptable . 
  yeah . 
  people bitch about the stats , but if anything , coming to europe where this shit is illegal probably saved a lot of girls from being mutilated wherever this is the norm . 
  yeah , both of these . 
  there are a lot of polish workers in construction . 
  there 's even [ songs about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qvq_2nsvtk ) . 
  and most are young dudes in their 20s , forced to sleep in tiny apartments by the dozens . 
  so many get bored and party at home or go out to town and get rowdy sometimes . 
  i 've worked construction with poles and other eastern euros in my early 20s and went drinking with em as well . 
  in many bars they specifically do n't let crowds of poles go inside since they expect em to start shit . 
  i do n't think they are more prone to starting shit than any other nationality of young working class dudes going for a drink , honestly . 
  there 's some racism towards eastern euros , but it 's pretty isolated . 
  mostly it 's just people bitching in private that they steal jurbs , drive the salaries down , do shitty work , etc. 
  incidents of people telling them to `` go back to poland '' are mainly restricted to politicians . 
  and obviously eastern euros salaries are lower , even for the ones who speak the local language . 
  i think that 's the most unfortunate part of it . 
  like you can bitch that you are paid less for being black or muslim , or a woman , but if you 're from poland you 're just assumed to be down with it . 
  and it 's one thing if you just sign with an agency , come here to do the job for a few months and then go back to poland ( like most of them do ) , and another if you actually live here . 
  all the armenians i know here speak russian . 
  yeah , the reason i mentioned the us tax thing is that judging from what dual us citizens post on reddit few are even aware they have to deal with this whole tax bs . 
  and also from what i 've read elsewhere many still end up paying some sort of fees even if they do everything right . 
  i 'm just wondering if it 's still worth keeping since most eu passports should have the same visa-free travel options as the us one and stuff like job permits should n't be that difficult for an eu citizen unless your work area is regulated by itar . 
  mine is , so i was doing some research on how to get it , that 's why i 'm curious what other perks there might be . 
  it 's not like they have any super awesome welfare benefits or anything . 
  in the end , it just comes down to the fact that getting rid of it costs like $ 2.5 k. 
  i dunno , you should talk to an expert . 
  i just heard all that from the immigration officer when i was getting my passport . 
  apparently , custody battles can get quite nasty with multiple nationalities . 
  also , why would you keep an american citizenship if you already have french and british ? 
  are n't you stuck with the american income tax ? 
  the only benefit i could think of is if you 're working in some itar-regulated industry . 
  hope they will drag them all off to a field somewhere at least and not just dump them in a landfill . 
  bad or good it 's still history , it 's artistic work and it should be preserved . 
  in 100 years or so , no one will even remember what these things meant to people 60 , 20 years ago or today . 
  it will be just monuments .
