  ideally i 'm expected to churn out another paper confirming all the other bullshit that people wrote and put it up for publishing . 
  and so the cycle continues . 
  solar power combined with power banks , sure . 
  but besides lighting the roads up you could also use that power to place car chargers along the highway . 
  so you would n't have range anxiety anymore . 
  it would be even easier to build a solar-powered charging station than a conventional gas station when there 's nothing else around . 
  because people need to go from a to b and sometimes there is nothing in between . 
  5.2 million dollars for a * normal * road without any solar panels is pretty average . 
  and if they the covered entire 1000m with these things ( 2800 [ m2 ] ) , i 'm guessing they do n't just light the lights on that stretch , but also extend it further on . 
  if these things can generate like a * quarter * of what normal panels would generate ( 3.0 * .25 = .75 [ kwh/m2/day ] ) that thing can power 2800 [ m2 ] * .75 [ kwh/m2/day ] / 3.6 [ kwh/day ] = 583 lights , or enough to light up 20 + km stretch of a 2-lane road . 
  considering you use mh . 
  with leds that would be like even longer . 
  and yeah , putting a solar panel on top of every streetlight for a 20km stretch would cost a fuckton still . 
  also i remember people bitching about led lights in the same vein , that they were `` ridiculously expensive '' or whatnot , it 's like everyone is a fucking expert all of a sudden . 
  let 's do the math . 
  a typical mh street lamp consumes like 0.4 kw . 
  to run one for 8 hours through the night you would need about 3.6 kw . 
  this translates into about 1.5 m2 worth of solar panels , weighing about 30 kilos . 
  that you have to prop up on the top of tall-ass pole , secure and storm-proof somehow . 
  and you have to put two of these roughly every 80 meters or so . 
  is it really cheaper than rolling these things into asphalt ? 
  fuck , i do n't know , apparently not since they 've manage to secure 5 mil just that to see if it works . 
  since when is is cheaper to prop things up high than rolling them into the ground ? 
  and if they build more in the future it can only get cheaper from there . 
  what if there are no roofs around ? 
  what if you 're in * le bumfuck * , in the mountains or whatever , and there are no electricity hook ups ? 
  well , maybe they should . 
  because you can power road lights in remote areas locally , without bothering with pulling any electric cables from the nearby towns . 
  you do n't have the risk that the entire grid goes down if the cable breaks at any point , since at most one or two lights would go off , so you would only need to fix these . 
  it 's a tradeoff in maintenance costs really , would it cost more to have a highly reliable and redundant `` conventional '' system , that has to work all the time , or a more flimsy `` unconventional '' one , that can break once in a while without much consequences ? 
  and is it more economical to pull a large cable all the way from somewhere , or is it more economical to generate the required energy on the spot ? 
  yeah , well , you could actually do the math : say there 's 2800 m2 , generating 3 kwh/m2/day , for 365 days . 
  that 's 3e6 kwh/year . 
  at 12 cents/kwh that 's 367k eur worth of electricity . 
  now you take 5 mil that it cost to build , divide by the number , it should pay itself off in 13 years . 
  and the road you get for free . 
  i 'm sure it 's more complicated by that , with maintenance costs and all , but the article is retarded clickbait bs . 
  it just says `` ridiculously '' expensive while giving zero reference for what 's actually `` normal '' . 
  expensive , compared to * what * ? 
  5mil/km is pretty standard for a * normal * 2-lane road without any solar panels in it afaik . 
  i 'm actually surprised they managed to make it so cheap , with untried technology and all . 
  i do n't think it was big news here , since it 's the first time i hear about it and i ca n't find any further info on whatever happened to that guy afterwards . 
  yeah , being in this kind of environment surely does n't help . 
  but then there are all sorts of terrorists who had higher education and middle class families , so there 's more to it than just growing up in a ghetto i guess . 
  yeah , i live in rotterdam and like 10 + years ago there were all sorts of shit areas around here . 
  nowadays it 's all hipster coffee houses and second hand apparel stores . 
  going to paris or brussels feels like going to a ghetto by comparison , sketchy af . 
  on the other hand they did some research and apparently there 's no big correlation between socioeconomic condition and the probabilities that someone turns terrorist , so there 's that as well . 
  meeh , arguably . 
  the whole thing was pretty controversial . 
  man , in retrospective the stealth bomber and the pershing ii turned out fucking useless . 
  and the anti-satellite weapons are so shit they should be made illegal ... 
  there 's a bunch of figures . 
  , which comes down to 4 % and 2 % , depending on whom you ask or how you count it . 
  there 's like a shitton of sources all stating different numbers , 5 % is a reasonable estimate . 
  also [ 30 % of `` orthodox '' russians do n't even believe in god ] ( http://www.bbc.com/russian/russia/2013/12/131224_russia_religion_polls ) . 
  considering that only something like 5 % of general population in russia attend church , i 'd imagine not that many . 
  sure , but even if they find out \u041c\u0430\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0430 was an fsb sleeper agent all this time , wtf are they going to do about it ? 
  pressure the democratically elected french government to censure an opposition party ? 
  man , is it just me , or the guy totally looks like john belushi ? 
  why the fuck is the us government investigating it though ? 
   we have probably the biggest inland port in the world ( fu rotterdam ) yeah , well , and our port has twice the throughput . 
  maybe you would n't need so much space if you were n't so lazy . 
  well , ideologically i ca n't think of anyone quite as enthusiastic about eu as juncker , which is why i think he fits quite well . 
  and yeah , he might be oldschool , but that 's the same thing that makes him so into eu i guess . 
  pre-ukip , fn , pvv and all that . 
  [ where ??? 
  likely how ? 
  because they say so ? 
  and is michalkov anywhere in the video ? 
  and what did they film , exactly ? 
  that video does n't even take place in ukraine . 
  i do n't believe there is or ever was any evidence that there are minors fighting in ukraine . 
  noooooo . 
  juncker is like the only guy with any personality up there . 
  without him eu is just a bunch of boring assholes in suits . 
  and merkel with her sour face . 
  who cares about britain , juncker is the real treasure . 
  commission is just a part of the eu . 
  it makes no sense for them to do anything at this point until the parliament and the council actually decide on what the course of action should be . 
  ec doing backroom talks with british officials would n't be very halal to begin with , since they do n't really have a mandate for this sort of thing . 
  maybe estonians were too slow to claim it for themselves . 
  sounds like a russian joke ... 
  there are no essential google dependencies in android . 
  android does n't even use google 's java api anymore , since they are switching to openjdk . 
  i feel bad for the dude . 
  i mean he spoke russian and obviously had an appreciation for the culture . 
  must suck to dedicate such a large part of your life getting into it and then not even being able to visit . 
  if i have steam on linux , none of the games i download depend on the flavor of distro i have installed , or any libraries i have on it . 
  why should android be any different ? 
  where 's the actual benefit ? 
  all of these things are available on iphone , so evidently they do n't require any google bits bundled with the os to run . 
  i have android push notifications on my blackberry q10 . 
  push notifications do not require any google services integration . 
  anything else ? 
  like what kind of features ? 
  people already root their devices just to get rid of all the google apps that serve no function other than take up space and eat up battery and bandwidth . 
  blackberry os10 was running android apps designed to run on android up to 2.3 or so . 
  newer apps often come with google play services dependencies , making em incompatible . 
  despite the fact that they do n't even use them most of the time .
