  soocialism is n't supposed to function without currency . 
  it 's supposed to function as a `` transitional '' state on the way towards communism , which would make currency redundant . 
  but then having money is what sets socialism apart from communism . 
  love the dashcam at 2:20 . 
   there is no evidence of widespread vote rigging and other electoral irregularities in singapore as there are is in russia . 
  i think if any western country had as much scrutiny over election process as russia does , they would all register the same amount of electoral irregularities . 
  if not more . 
  in 2012 elections they had a [ camera pointing at every ballot bin ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2012/02/06/russia-launches-election-monitoring-website/ ) . 
  in most western countries they do n't even keep track of id 's . 
  and singapore is most definitely not a democracy . 
  it 's a single-party authoritarian state . 
  the fact that its is more * liberal * ( which is debatable ) , economically * well-off * or * western-friendly * does not make it any more * democratic * . 
  ah , the * nano * - fascism . 
  much modern . 
  many relevant . 
  very stylish . 
  russia also . 
  ah for fuck 's sake ... 
  it 's like people there are getting dumber by the day . 
  some of the greatest russian works of art that the supposed `` russian patriots '' are so proud of these days were banned at the time they came out . 
  in russia they attribute it to napoleon . 
  although there is no evidence that he ever said that . 
  they are still maintained and upgraded though . 
  furthermore , sweden developed gripen to comply with their own defense policy in mind . 
  that would be like the eu version of f-16 . 
  rafale is the only one certified to land on us carriers , and performance-wise that would be like f/a -18 . 
  and the typhoon has the best air-to-air performance of the three , so that would be like the f-15 . 
  so bitching about three different aircraft in production is a bit silly . 
  i think having ten different aircraft in use is more of an issue . 
  and while uk is zooming around in their typhoons , romania still has mig-21s on the books , which is a bit ridiculous . 
  yeah , but having 3 models in production is not that dramatic . 
  gripen and typhoon are two very different aircraft . 
  operating ten different models is another story . 
  3 models of fighters ? 
  stop the nazis !, 
  join the islamist cause !, 
  haters gona hate ... 
  krakow is lovely, 
  [ more like ... ] ( http://static.zoom.nl/9daff888f8e3d4b640053e5633506f91-fietsen-in-de-regen.jpg ), 
  yeah , that 's it pretty much . 
  i 've lived here for 10 years , speak dutch , hold a dutch passport and people still speak english to me . 
  even when i check out at the supermarket and have n't uttered a word clerks start talking to me in english . 
  it 's like i have * foreigner * spelled out on my forehead or something . 
  i think it 's a bit silly to be proud of anything that you had n't actively accomplished . 
  so no , not really . 
  but ... what about poles complaining ? 
  it 's not just awkward , it 's borderline schizophrenic . 
  if you go to moscow or saint-petersburg you will see a city not so different from any european capital . 
  but then you will see lenin statues standing next to mega-malls and you see that it went awry somewhere . 
  the society is just as polarized . 
  on one hand you 've got the supposed patriots , who support putin and stand by everything he says and does , seeing that russia has it 's own way . 
  on the other hand you 've got the opposition , who hate everything russian and want it to be more like europe . 
  there is no middle ground anymore . 
  to me both sides are quite ridiculous , really . 
  i wanted to see russia more pragmatic , intelligent , seeking partnerships with europe . 
  i also believed that it has a strong cultural core and it does n't need to blindly copy everything western . 
  but both of these ideas got lost along the way . 
  by embracing russian * cultural roots * the society adopted some toxic mix of chauvinism , statism and religion , disregarding 2 centuries or russian intellectual tradition of rebellion and being on the edge . 
  and the opposite to that is just hatred towards everything russian mixed with some kind of inferiority complex . 
  which just plays right into hands of the former group . 
  it 's terrible and it 's just sad , really . 
  not really . 
  i think the general attitude towards russia had shifted from neutral to negative after the pussy riot case , arrest of dmitry borodin and subsequent attack on dutch ambassador in moscow , `` gay propaganda '' law , etc. 
  downing of mh-17 was just the icing on a cake . 
  but then people blame it all on the russian government , they do n't believe that russian people support any of that . 
  they think that russian elections are falsified and there is actually some kind of grassroots movement in russia being stifled . 
  which is only half-true . 
  in reality the majority of russians do in fact firmly support putin , his regime and everything it stands for . 
  when the whole russia shitstorm started back in 2011 , as it became clear that putin is coming back for the third term . 
  i was born and grew up there . 
  i was holding on to my russian passport and even mused of going back someday . 
  then i saw that i do not identify with most people there anymore , ideologically or morally , and that russia is going in an opposite direction from where i thought it was going . 
  yeah , i 've got one of these tubing things too , but mine is just hand-operated . 
  if you buy canned tobaco it 's cheap . 
  but it 's also messy , tobacco everywhere , at least with mechanical one . 
  nowadays i 'm just rolling . 
  also makes you smoke less , cause it takes more effort hah . 
  and more zen somehow . 
  [ english version ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/buitenland/evidence-proving-flight-mh-17-was-taken-down-buk-missile ) of the article cracked me up . 
   german rocket scientists schmucker and schiller . 
  rocket science is not actually a real thing . 
  it 's aerospace engineering . 
  ahm yeah , you 're right . 
  so the smokes gotten cheaper ? 
  sweet !, 
  uhhh ... in the netherlands a 20-box of marlboro is like 6 euros these days , that 's 4.3 pounds . 
  in spain it 's something like 4.50 euros . 
  looks like someone messed up gbp/eur signs or it just does n't make any sense at all . 
  if you click the first link on any wikipedia page and keep clicking , you 'll end up at philosophy no matter where you start . 
  well ... maybe a little bit . 
  fancy beamer slide swipe and chemists mixing colored liquid kind of cracked me up . 
  also the latin lover dude is totally gona tap that . 
  i would try em all . 
  salted pig lard is delicious . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is on my bucket least . 
  and deep fried pizza ... woaah . 
  the part about [ podemos ] ( http://www.zimagez.com/miniature/screenshot-03172015-121700pm.php ) , [ national front ] ( http://www.zimagez.com/miniature/screenshot-03172015-121827pm.php ) and [ ukip ] ( http://www.zimagez.com/miniature/screenshot-03172015-121914pm.php ) taking over mainstream parties kind of cracked me up . 
  and the american generals pinning medals on ukrainian soldiers was just a bunch of challenge coins handed out , a us military version of pogs . 
  the whole event was awkward at best rather than being an awesome power display . 
   we are a very young empire !,
