  what 's your objection ? 
  you say that there is some * them * in chechnya that call for referendum and do n't want it to be part of russia . 
  much like the activist groups currently active in crimea . 
  so where are these people ? 
  you repeatedly failed to describe who these people are . 
  you just made up this conjuncture that there is some dissent present in chechnya , that involves a group of people large enough to be taken seriously and calls for some measures , such as above-mentioned referendum . 
  but you have no evidence of it , it 's just some nonsense you made up to make your bullshit assertion . 
  boo-hoo , evil russkies are being hypocrites again , oppressing the freedom-loving peoples of chechnya . 
  oppressing whom ? 
  you really have no clue about the subject , about the players involved , and so far your only arguments were some child-like assumptions that have little to do with reality . 
  what 's your point ? 
  why not hold another referendum in pakistan and afghanistan , if these guys would like to have the taliban take over . 
  might have another one in iraq , a referendum where the public would take a pick between the sunni militants paid by saudi and the shia militants paid by iran . 
  then you could have a referendum in syria , nigeria , mali and the rest , about their willingness to accept al quaeda as their legitimate leaders . 
  then you could hold a referendum in lebanon , about having hezbollah in charge . 
  i mean shit , why stop there . 
  lets run a referendum in mexico , asking if people would like to be governed by local drug barons . 
  then you could have one in cambodia . 
  they still have some khmer rouges running around , no ? 
  independence for everyone !, 
  fuck them imperialist dogs . 
  let 's give basque country to eta , ireland to ira , sri lanka to the tamil tigers , india to maoists , serbia to serbs , bretonia to bretons , fuck it , national self-determination for everybody !, 
  there are thousands of russians marching in sevastopol , asking to become part of russia . 
  there are ukrainian political parties lobbying that crimea should become part of russia . 
  up until now they had support of a very significant minority in crimea . 
  when the government fell , this support grew . 
  it is very easy to point out the people and the organizations that had been active in achieving secession of crimea from ukraine . 
  they enjoy support from the population and they had been active for many years , using democratic instruments to achieve these goals . 
  now can you name me any significant political movement in chechnya that aims for similar goals , a movement just as widely recognized and widely supported , besides some sketchy islamists hiding out in the mountains and planting car bombs ? 
  chechnya has a right to self determination . 
  but it does n't make it a good idea . 
  nobody in chechnya is pursuing this right , because this choice is really between kadyrov and umarov , with former being an asshole and the latter being an even bigger asshole . 
  and if you hold this referendum tomorrow , they will self-determine as part of russia because the other option is a 100 times worse . 
  it 's as clear as a day to everyone who lives in russia and to everyone who lives in chechnya , but it is somehow impossible to grasp for anyone who lives across the ocean and does not understand the dynamics in the region . 
  holding a referendum on independence of chechnya is useless and it is unwarranted . 
  and even if it did take place , and by some chance the chechen people would pick umarov , they would be worse off than under kadyrov . 
  and this would also lead to hostilities between chechnya and surrounding regions that have nothing to do with this whole mess , so ultimately it would be unfair to everyone else involved . 
  such as dagestan , who fucking hate chechens and would rather see chechnya as a nuclear wasteland than have umarov army at their border . 
   so do the crimeans . 
  they had it , under a pro-russian government led by yanukovich . 
  and even then , [ 41 % of crimeans ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/03/06/a-referendum-in-crimea-keep-these-5-charts-in-mind/ ) wanted to be part of russia . 
  and it 's nothing new , many crimeans wanted to get out for years . 
  now that ukraine has a new , strongly anti-russian , nationalistic government they have every reason to bail out while they can . 
  ukraine economy is in disarray , it 's government is in shambles , and this whole situation got this far partly due to eu promises of assistance and support , which never materialized . 
  eu leaders are still just sitting around with their thumbs up their asses , sending * very stern warnings * to russia . 
  just like chechnya , crimea has two options : go down or go with the russians . 
  because it 's painfully obvious that ukraine is going down already . 
  i can name you a dozen reasons why it would be better for crimea to join russia ( russia has stronger economy than ukraine , the majority of crimea identify as russians , majority of russians dislike the idea of eu integration , ukraine is majorly fucked right now , russia pledged to invest in crimea , etc. . . ) , i can name a dozen reasons against it too ( sizeable chunk of crimea population still identify as tatars or ukrainians , russia is breaking the ukrainian disarmament agreements , russia might not stop there and pursue further territory concessions from ukraine , and so on ... ) but i seriously ca n't find one reason good enough to justify handing over chechnya to doku umarov and his gang . 
  all nationalism is retarded to begin with . 
  whether it 's chechen nationalism , ukrainian nationalism or russian nationalism . 
  there are many crimeans who want to join russia because they do n't want to be in the middle of civil war waged by various nationalists . 
  and there are just as many chechens who wish to remain part of russia for precisely the same reason . 
  that 's the only similarity there is . 
  the assertion that the situations in crimea and chechnya are in any way similar beyond this is just ludicrous . 
   not to have them in their own territory who 's * them * ? 
  whose own territory ? 
  chechens already have their autonomous republic . 
  they have their president there and receive generous support from moscow . 
  who are you talking about when you say * them * ? 
  the militants hiding out in the mountains ? 
  can you tell me , exactly how can a group that plants [ car bombs ] ( http://www.columbian.com/news/2014/jan/17/9-wounded-by-car-bomb-in-russias-dagestan/ ) represent the interests of the people ? 
  they are just fringe radicals , sponsored by saudi oil sheiks , with ties to al quaeda and the radicals in syria . 
  they do not want * their own territory * , they want to conquer a [ big chunk of land between the black sea and the caspian ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/caucasus_emirate.svg ) , ethnically cleanse the whole region and a establish a sharia state , with doku umarov as its undisputed leader . 
  there is nothing democratic or freedom-bringing about their aims . 
  they already had their * own territory * some 15 years ago , and back then they just invaded russia , to spread their fucked up ideology . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  what is your justification in handing over chechnya to a bunch of murderous fanatics that do not represent any sizable chunk of population in chechnya and whose basic objective is to wage this war with russia until there is no-one left ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  who are these wonderful people that want independence for chechnya , what are their goals and what benefits do you think they would bring with them ? 
  well , a bit of chauvinism is not always a bad thing in my opinion . 
  especially considering complete lack of it on eu-level . 
  all the cool kids are doing it , so hey ... 
  there are more than 5 million people that live in the conflict zone . 
  the proposed * caucasus emirate * spans [ from the black sea to the caspian ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/caucasus_emirate.svg ) and includes several different republics : chechnya , ingushetia , dagestan , kabardino-balkaria etc. 
  one of the first things that chechnya did after gaining independence last time around was to invade dagestan , a multi-ethnic region where chechens are just a small minority . 
  beaten up police ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the police would n't touch chechnens with a ten foot pole . 
  they can do whatever the hell they want anywhere in russia and get away with it . 
  so much for * oppressed minority * ... and what , would you rather prefer the brave freedom fighters to cut your head off ? 
  there are plenty of videos of just that , you know . 
  avoid the gypsies . 
  and in brussels there are some sketchy areas in the south , i would n't advice walking around bruxelles-midi at night . 
  do try the waffles . 
   but , panicked by the renewed stall alerts , he chose to resume his fatal climb . 
  just that bit right there is enough to prove the pilots error . 
  it 's kind of hard to miss the stall warnings on an airbus , the joysticks have haptic feedback and begin to shake when the angle of attack is too high . 
   until you answer mine . 
  what question would that be ? 
  why not * let them * have a referendum ? 
  if it was up to me they could have it tomorrow . 
  i do n't care really . 
  you have this silly notion that someone in chechnya is actually asking for it . 
  but you seem to have trouble at pointing finger at where or who these people are . 
  who would ask for such a referendum in chechnya ? 
  why would they want it ? 
  what good do you think it would do ? 
  mm , maybe ... 
  still , hard to imagine a crowd of people chanting it . 
  they should really have their pr department work on this .
