  possibly . 
  so , that 's your argument ? 
  that he does n't know any better ? 
  how about [ selling teens to private prisons ] ( http://www.examiner.com/article/pennsylvania-judge-sentenced-to-28-years-prison-for-selling-teens-to-prisons ) , does this happen in putin 's russia ? 
  us still has the highest incarceration rate in the world . 
  obama did n't do shit about it . 
  or the guantanamo bay ? 
  last time i checked it was still around . 
  or the lybia gig . 
  what a fucking disaster . 
  thousands of civilians died in these nato strikes , you know . 
  turning entire country into a mad max movie set with islamists in charge , thanks obama . 
  and revolution in syria was always a dirty war . 
  still is , and obama is sponsoring the islamists there as we speak . 
  and there is [ another war ] ( http://www.tomdispatch.com/blog/175567/tomgram%3a_nick_turse%2c_america's_shadow_wars_in_africa_/ ) us is waging that you wo n't even hear about . 
   obama has also been pretty diplomatic in terms of foreign policy which part ? 
  bombing the shit out of lybia ? 
  starving people in iran with sanctions while failing to affect its nuclear program ? 
  spying on us allies ? 
  overthrowing governments ? 
  extra-judicial killings ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  yeah , now i 'm actually wondering which one is worse . 
  i mean both afghanistan and grenada gigs were quite terrible . 
  but i gotto give reagan credit for dealing with the damn commies . 
  putin hardly had the same impact abroad . 
  not really my field of expertise to be honest ( mine is aerospace ) , but yes , there are some promising developments that would use no water , like [ using propane ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/energy/france-shale-gas-extraction-techniques-news-533416 ) for example . 
  shale gas extraction is still a young and developing field , there is plenty of room to improve . 
  the bad part is when the engineering challenges mix with politics , like when politicians outright ban certain technologies to score some approval points . 
  and keep in mind that these legislations are often misguided . 
  like with solar energy for example . 
  making these shiny solar panels produces tons of nasty nasty byproducts and uses very rare and very finite resources . 
  in the end these things are terrible for environment , but since they are produced somewhere in china it seems ok somehow . 
  and while shale gas research has this stigma of being terrible for environment , solar gets all the subsidies . 
   he 's a hell of a lot worse than either of those . 
  well , damage-wise , they are very much comparable . 
  for example the more conservative social policies introduced by thatcher or dubious economic and foreign policy practices of obama administration , together with more state control over information and such . 
  and it 's not like the policies that they brought were or will be gone any time soon . 
  patriot act is alive and well , nato attempts at foreign interventions still end in disaster and in the long run it does n't make all that much difference that they have only spent 11/8 years in the office . 
  i mean obama is following very much in bush footsteps , and i 'm not sure the next guy will be any better . 
  american media is very much owned by respective political parties and their benefactors . 
  and a bit of personality cult just comes with the job , really . 
  yeah , actually you got to try really really hard to beat hitler or stalin . 
  there were very few assholes to reach this level . 
  like pol pot or mao . 
  to me putin is really somewhere between thatcher and obama evil-wise . 
  maybe a bit more evil than reagan , but still not quite as evil as fujimori . 
   we have to go forward , to explore and then find solutions to the problems makes sense to me . 
  i mean i like cute animals as much as anyone , but as an engineer i find it retarded how little actual science and how much politicizing goes into any of these * energy * or * ecology * debates . 
  shale gas might be dirty , but its there and since its there , the most logical thing to do is to develop it . 
  all the negative effects and minimizing them is just a matter of technology and we will never acquire this technology unless we actually start working on it already . 
  netherlands i 'm 26 and i rent i 'm not planning to buy a house in any foreseeable future because after i finish my study i plan to work abroad and do n't plan to settle in any particular place here in the netherlands the housing market is o-k , depending on who you ask and which city you are talking about . 
  in rotterdam with a bit of luck you can find a subsidized 2-room apartment in the city centre for + / -300 -400 e a month , utilities included . 
  in amsterdam you can pay 800e for a 12m2 room with a shared kitchen , on the outskirts . 
  overall i think it 's far from bad , compared to what i hear about other countries . 
  also a lot of my friends are living antikraak - institutionalized squatting kind of thing , where you can inhabit a space for free , paying only the utilities , on a condition that you wo n't damage it too much and would move out when you are asked to . 
  things were better a few years back , when * real * squatting was more legal though . 
  back then it was harder to kick out the squatters and sometimes entire office blocks would be taken over . 
  now it still exists , but more low-key and squatters are no longer protected by law . 
  there is a bit of batman wisdom in * every * point ... 
  but batman is quite a non-conformist as far as superheroes go . 
  and anti-establishment . 
  i mean hey , the guy is practically a libertarian !, 
  yeah , well , we all know how it goes in murica . 
  but it 's / r/europe hehe . 
  and the target audience of the show are like 2-8 years old , so it 's kind of too much imho . 
  supermarkets generally have their own standards . 
  whatever is deemed non-standard gets passed on to smaller vendors . 
  then you can go to the market or to a turkish shop and buy your tiny kiwis or curved cucumbers or straight bananas or artisan olive oil or whatever . 
  but blocking these at the supplier level is beyond retarded . 
  this whole standardization already killed the tomato : the ones you get at the store look ripe and round and all that , but they do n't taste like anything . 
  tragic , really . 
  yeah , well , at least russians had the * decency * to blame it on * technical difficulties * . 
  ukrainians just passed it on state level . 
  i mean what 's next : introduce a firewall , a la great firewall of ukraine ? 
  confiscate the means of communication ? 
  not really helping ... 
  well , the law regarding [ minimum allowable size for a kiwi ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2199214/eu-rules-ban-sale-of-too-small-kiwis.html ) is still in place though ... edit : also , it is kind of hilarious how quickly the blame shifted to some specific countries ( italy and spain ) based on an assumption ( because they oil ) . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  but still , making it mandatory to slap some sort of a label on oil even if it does n't have one is hardly helpful in combating counterfeit labels . 
   counterfeited olive oil you mean artisan ? 
  what if you left because you do n't like the current government , but would return if the government has changed ? 
  the main competitor of eu is usa . 
  and the eu has a number of advantages over usa , precisely due to more autonomy it 's members allowed . 
  but why is it that all eu members can only reach an agreement on something stupid ? 
  what 's the point in banning olive oil pots in every eu country when they ca n't come up with consensus when a real crisis occurs ? 
  why does eu still have to wait for us to lead the way in any issue that matters ? 
  it also seems that as soon as things go wrong , eu members are quick to point fingers at the neighbors , blaming each other . 
  the whole point of eu is to strive towards unity and mutual aide in a crisis , but there is not enough of this happening . 
  and since eu leaders are too afraid to commit themselves to some mutual goals , eu still remains weaker than usa on the world stage . 
  my opinion is that chechnya can fuck off to have their little sharia state . 
  only it would n't do them any good , so they are not exactly eager to do so . 
  i 'm entitled to this much and i can back it up if necessary . 
  this also had been the opinion of pretty much every russian in this thread . 
  i have answered each and every one of your questions . 
  can chechens have their referendum ? 
  sure , why not . 
  many russians would be very happy if they left russia and had their own country . 
  do they have the right to do so ? 
  sure , if you say so .
