   i do n't really think there much debate yeah , maybe there [ should be ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/node/138456 ) . 
   nothing even close to yugoslav type ethnic violence has happened in ukraine . 
  well , as a rule , no one ever sees these things coming . 
  they just kind of happen . 
  but besides that , there was violence in wwii time , led by bandera . 
  who 's about to become a national hero in ukraine . 
  yeah , this has to stop somewhere . 
  now would be a good time . 
  i can see the uk being buddies with us , but i 'm not so sure about mainland europe . 
  eastern europe already has some second thoughts about russia-sanctions , since it would hit them the most . 
  and in general there are more talks about obsolescence of nato . 
  no one wants to spend money on playing soldiers with captain america anymore . 
  eu should leave this geopolitical bullshit to usa , really . 
  i think things are going in that direction right now , it just depends on which course eu selects with russia . 
   `` the west '' have a particular economical/military interest in kosovo seceding from serbia honestly ? 
  no idea . 
  some say clinton did that just to keep the public distracted from his sex adventures . 
  worked quite well too !, 
  virtually all lewinski stuff on tv was replaced by captain america coming to the rescue . 
  some say the aim was to put the camp bondsteel in there , one of the largest us bases today , with all sorts of strange stories about it . 
  but yeah , like hanlon said : * never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity . 
  * the bottom line is that kosovo secession did set a precedent . 
  whatever russian motives were is quite irrelevant . 
  i 'm not defending russia here , but the way `` the west '' goes about the whole thing is ridiculous , since they pulled exactly the same stunt 6 years ago , when kosovo gained independence . 
  kosovo belongs to serbia . 
  crimea belongs to ukraine . 
  it 's simple as that . 
   i do n't see why we should assume well , i do n't know , could 've avoided bombing the shit out of the place . 
  going to war on an * assumption * is not exactly what i call a good practice . 
  especially given the death toll inflicted by nato . 
  but besides that , putin also made an assumption . 
  that ukraine would descend into civil war and the ethnic russians in crimea would be in danger . 
  the guys in kiev are not exactly friendly types , you see . 
  some have connections to chechen insurgents . 
  and it still could happen . 
  how is this any different ? 
   i do n't see how that compares . 
  the declaration of independence in crimea was about secession of crimea from ukraine . 
  it was done while crimea was occupied by russian forces and ultimately has no standing under ukrainian law . 
  the justification of military occupation was * possible attacks on russians * , that never really happened . 
  in the process there were no casualties , besides 2 soldiers , and even there it is not clear who is to blame exactly . 
  the declaration of independence in kosovo was about secession of kosovo from serbia . 
  it was done while kosovo was occupied by nato forces and ultimately has no standing under serbian law . 
  the justification of military occupation was * a genocide of albanians * , that never really happened . 
  in the process 1000 civilians died in nato bombardments , and there were about 2 thousand more casualties estimated among albanians and serbs , although that 's also not clear , who is to blame exactly . 
   you can not expect a fair referendum in an occupied country what , like kosovo ? 
  iraq ? 
  like the elections that they had in iraq ? 
  the * most democratic ever ? 
  ukraine is neither part of us nor is it in the eu . 
  and nato bombed the shit out of serbia like it 's no big deal , so why the hell not ? 
  please god , no . 
  us can do whatever , pissing off autocratic regimes , going to wars with brown people , but eu most definitely should n't be a part of it . 
  economic union implies that any embargoes and sanctions also apply between members , and us is giving them out like they are hotcakes . 
  eu already got bogged down in iran sanctions and soon it will be russia too . 
  screw that . 
   before comparing kosovo to crimea why , whats the problem ? 
   could n't nuke any population that decided to fight to death against him neither does us . 
  if they * nuke * russian population then there will be nothing stopping the russians from * nuking * us population . 
  if it was that easy , there would never be a cold war . 
  do n't be silly . 
  * nuking * the korean population was [ the original us plan ] ( http://hnn.us/article/9245 ) as well , and that never really worked out , did it ? 
   queen victoria who accomplished just that she never quite beat the maori . 
  and she never openly went against russia . 
  but she certainly had a good run fighting the brown people !, 
  i might even say she had more success in that area than the americans ever did . 
  the brits were actually quite good with winning allegiances among the populace that they conquered , something that is very essential if you want to have a proper empire , and also something that us consistently fails at . 
  the greatest empires like the macedonians , the mongols or the russians succeeded not just by conquering but by assimilating the people that they conquered . 
  and look at the us . 
  they go to iraq and the first thing that they do after getting rid of the government is disbanding a perfectly good army , turning them into insurgents . 
  and after several years of fighting them they just give up on that and withdraw . 
  that 's a shit way to go about it . 
  but nonetheless , the moment the brits went against the other great empires , the whole thing ended up falling apart anyway . 
   russian army in general is a joke compared to american army . 
  said like no one ever . 
  except for the swedish empire ( twice ) , the french empire and then the nazi germany . 
  the only guys who actually managed to conquer the russians were the mongols . 
  and according to some historians , the russians are what 's left of the mongols . 
   thomas jefferson was first and foremost a slave-owning douchebag and abe lincoln was a racist asshole ok , you 've got a point there  in context of the netherlands navalny probably can be considered a bad bad terrible nationalist . 
  actually no . 
  we 've got this guy , geert wilders , massively popular . 
  his party got like 15 % of seats in the parliament . 
   far less nationalist than his opponents from kremlin putin is no nationalist at all . 
  not in a traditional sense . 
   he is a progressive force standing for right things . 
  he 's still a douchebag though . 
  wilders also stands for more than a few right things , but i would n't like to have him as a prime-minister . 
  it 's just a bit sad that out of all the people that stand for right things in russia navalny is the most prominent one . 
   russian army suffered thousands of casualties during both chechen wars . 
  yeah , it did . 
  but it ultimately reached its goal . 
  chechnya is stable and prosperous now , it has a friendly government and the insurgency is dwindling in numbers every year . 
  that 's something nato had been failing to achieve in any of their recent endeavors . 
  what 's the point in going to war with minimum casualties when you ca n't achieve what you came for ? 
  might as well stay at home . 
  and besides that , the whole crimea takeover without any shots fired was quite neat as well . 
  way better than how nato fared in kosovo . 
   if america was a dictatorship or a monarchy and truly wanted to be an empire , they could easily conquer the entire world with their current forces thats what they said about napoleon . 
   if you would like , i could put together a reading list for you . 
  yeah , i got a book for you .
