  and while in theory european parliament always has the higher authority , the truth is that these guys [ arent really doing that much ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpbnf1q_6tg ) . 
  yeah , i 'd expect the whole city to be deserted if they really had 2 mil people there ... 
  but i went outside and it was n't that empty . 
  yeah , i think it 's a bit counter-productive to blame your issues on some external force . 
  it 's impressive how the catalans got organized to do this together , while the rest of spain is being somewhat apathetic about their current situation . 
  but this notion that catalunya is feeding the rest of spain and that life would become so much better once they break off is a bit silly in my opinion . 
  i was talking about things like printers . 
  setting up this stuff is not exactly trivial on linux . 
  the downside will come when they are going to start hooking up all those nice peripherals to it . 
  linux compatibility is still lacking with a lot of hardware . 
  plus it 's strange that they picked ubuntu and not some enterprise distro like suse or red hat . 
  huh , brusselisation ? 
  the whole city was [ flattened by the nazis ] ( http://www.zum.de/whkmla/documents/rotterdam/xrotterdam1940.html ) , they re-built it from the ground up . 
  my girlfriend went to venice recently , she stayed there with some locals . 
  told me that once you actually leave the * guidebook * part of the city , it 's pretty clear of tourists , and very much the same venice . 
  jesus christ , like one sub i 'd expect not to have any articles about frigging smartphones ... 
  putin is going to piss off the financial elites and will have to leave . 
  meanwhile kids of the current ruiling class will come back from living and studying in geneva or london or whatever and will take over . 
  i think russia will be more liberal . 
  in a decade or so . 
  i 'd say eu should invest more into anti-missile defences and joint military efforts between countries . 
  would get the industry going , provide some nice eu-bonding and all that ... 
  this would be one good way to get rid of nuclear weapons for good . 
  it 's 21st century and all . 
  time to be smart . 
  well , its the guardian . 
  it 's like a euro-liberal version of russia today . 
  heh , reminded me of [ this guy ] ( http://img18.imageshack.us/img18/2967/759n.jpg ) ... 
  yeah , learning python from scratch is shit . 
  using it is a joy though , it 's like magic glue . 
  spain is nice , especially the south . 
  also german part of switzerland . 
  swiss people are super chill in my experience . 
  and the views are stunning . 
  anti-semitism is like the favorite european past-time . 
  tradition if you like . 
  that 's all up there , with eurovision and hating gypsies . 
  ... extremely different opinions about the conflict in syria , viewing the war in that unlucky country not as a brave struggle for freedom but as a chaotic war of all against all ... uhhh , brave struggle for freedom ? 
  seriously ? 
  maybe if western pundits and reporters were n't so full of crap sometimes , rhe russians would n't end up in their own bubble . 
  i worked at super de boer when i was a teenager and they kept razor blades in a locked glass cabinet . 
  you had to call an employee to open it up for you . 
  but then the supermarket i worked at was situated in a sketchy area , shoplifting was so common our security guard would n't even leave the cctv room , just shout at the thieves over intercom , * hay you there , put it back !, 
  * that was almost 10 years ago though , nowadays you have self-checkout supermarkets popping up everywhere , where they do n't even look at the contents of your basket . 
  i guess it 's hard for dutch to understand hospitality customs in other countries . 
  but yeah , i do n't think that the expenses amount to that much when compared to overall eu budget . 
  of course , riding in a mercedes with a private driver to a birthday party seems a bit excessive . 
  having two buildings when you really just need one as well . 
  neither is signing in to collect the salary for the day and then bugging off immediately . 
  well ... yeah , but what makes the far-left more responsible for fucking up the economy ? 
  honestly , if the far left will crash the economy at least you could say they tried . 
  if it 's up to far-right it will be more like * we did n't do shit , it 's all the lefties and the migrants fault !, 
  wow , the swedes really take this whole * tolerance * thing very seriously . 
  germans take their jokes * very * seriously . 
  well , like i said , the whole * unemployment * issue is sector-specific . 
  on the other hand it 's very debatable who 's going to support whom in a decade or so . 
  chances are , the current `` ethnic dutch '' proponents of curbing migration will sing an entirely different song when they are placed in a nursing home and there is just no one out there to care * for them * . 
  they already have this problem in japan , which historically has been a very isolated country . 
  there they are even seriously thinking of ways to [ automate nursing care ] ( http://japandailypress.com/japan-pushing-for-low-cost-nursing-home-robots-to-care-for-elderly-2927943/ ) as well . 
  dutch population is ageing , 2005 had the lowest birth rates since 1900 . 
  if you curb the migration * right now * you will have a real trouble in a decade or two . 
  but besides the whole employment issues , you seem to have a misconception that these * benefits * are some sort of handouts which enable these pesky migrants to sit on their ass , leading a life full of luxury . 
  which is bullshit . 
  and if you say that they * more often have no jobs * , are you implying that they are somehow hard-wired to be more lazy or less capable of holding one ? 
  one of the major reasons for these unemployment stats disparities is that a larger chunk of allochtone female population starts joining the work force . 
  now that 's already breaking the culture boundaries if you like . 
  there are other reasons too . 
  but none sound more retarded than implying it 's in their genes or something . 
  and talking about culture . 
  here you might be right , i 'm not going to pretend that multicultural issues are n't there . 
  but the sense of hysteria with which they are approached these days certainly is n't helping . 
  like for example i have a friend who came here for study and work from spain , before the crisis hit . 
  now she decided it was in her interest to learn dutch while she 's at it , even though in her line of work she can get by with just english . 
  so she went and did the state-sponsored course . 
  what she actually learned was a bunch of bullshit about the royal family ( including memorizing each sibling by name ) and other useless nonsense . 
  she still wishes to learn dutch , but since she is occupied with more important stuff ( like earning money ) , it seems quite pointless right now . 
  now you 've got this whole debate how integration courses should be made mandatory , some say that migrants must pay for these themselves and it 's not in state interest to sponsor them . 
  but the reason they are so ineffective is not because nobody does them but because they are retarded . 
  being a filthy migrant myself , and having spent some years * stealing the jurbs * i think the whole immigration issue is overblown . 
  in the country that i come from there are enough populists arguing the very same thing . 
  but in fact , these days there are millions of uni graduates out of work , but you ca n't find yourself a tradesman . 
  here in the netherlands there once was a vibrant shipbuilding industrial sector , but now it 's almost dead because there are just not enough trade professionals to fill up the spots . 
  i was once offered underwater welding apprenticeship . 
  it 's insane how much these guys get paid and yet there are just not enough people up for it . 
  another thing is that this whole * creating job * promise gets thrown around like it 's some sort of panacea for everything . 
  these days 70 % of the people in eu are busy in service industries . 
  and companies are continuously busy automating the whole process , soon we will have no other jobs but making lattes , cleaning toilets and sweeping the floors for some guys in higher management . 
  i mean hell , they have [ self-cleaning toilets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2xn1w2camc ) and [ floor-sweeping robots ] ( http://www.intellibotrobotics.com/ ) already . 
  there will be less and less * jobs * no matter what you do , that 's just the times we live in . 
  and it is n't migrants fault , it 's not even a problem really , just a taste of things to come . 
  i do n't think russia is too hot to annex these guys . 
   promising rapprochement and closer ties with russia well , so did the eu , us and everyone else involved . 
  now it 's all on hold though . 
  and while abe might have downplayed the whole thing , this was n't exactly popular with the public . 
  nah , they 're [ still working on it ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russia-japan-determined-to-conclude-peace-treaty/479461.html ) . 
  sounds more like korean ... chinese are not quite as judgmental . 
  if only they had an elaborate network of industrial installations where people could be put to work ... 
  connected with free train transport ... 
  in the netherlands there are more than a few cities that have a similar system . 
  and not just in the netherlands , also venice for example .
