  dutch social housing system is great . 
   tax deductible  about half of the benefits go to the wealthiest 10 % . 
  yeah , it would be much better if all these poor sods stuck with the mortgages they can barely keep paying had to take second mortgages just to pay off the interest , right ? 
  [ skip & die ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbtnuzi0p00 ) , [ efje de visser ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glzv7ogzyw8 ) , [ zzz ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_ifmlanha4 ) , [ krause ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguijt7qhxw ) , [ aux raus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-32toxpieu ) ... my friend 's band [ jugend ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxau5yyhmyw ) . 
  i also know a few cool spanish bands : [ pony bravo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bwhrq62i_y ) , [ guadalupe plata ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es9yeuqtb1m ) . 
  and in germany you have [ this guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlx4nyrw1bi ) . 
  being from russia and living in central europe for sometime i catch myself smiling like an idiot at everyone when going back to the homeland . 
  nah , food in berlin is pretty cheap . 
  at least compared to the netherlands . 
  finding a house is a drag but you could find something cheap as well ( in theory ) . 
  friend of mine rents a large 2-bedroom apartment with balcony in a nice neighborhood for 400e in berlin . 
  im sure zee french would have something to say about it ... 
  a dutch guy walks through amsterdam and sees another guy drinking water out of a channel using one hand . 
  so he gets worried , runs up to him shouting * hey , you ca n't drink this water !, 
  it 's dirty , you 'll get sick !, 
  * the guy drinking looks up and replies : * was sagen sie ? * . 
  and the other guy goes * ah , ein deutscher !, 
  * edit : made a mistake . 
  thanks , german grammar nazi !, 
  eu is still the biggest trading client of russia and it will remain so . 
  on other hand , to be honest , nobody in eu or us really gives a crap about russia 's stance on just about anything . 
  especially when nato is involved . 
  so it 's only logical russia will try to find some friends elsewhere . 
  well , eurovision is the only occasion where all of europe can manage to cooperate and accomplish something without it ending in a complete fiasco . 
  so it is kind of symbolic . 
  if there would be no eurovision , what else is left ? 
  might as well ditch the euro and close the borders ... 
  they were super big in russia , you know ... 
  neither russians nor belarusians had problem with this tho ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apd58lwdg2w, 
  well ... 
  if you just ban it outright it would make it impossible to debate or prove that these ideologies are tainted . 
  so no , neither communism nor nazism should be outlawed . 
  whats this guy on about ? 
  she has a dutch husband and a dutch kid . 
  its like double-dutch . 
  i thought it was a belgian flag for a sec hah . 
  yeah , well , thats just in this thread there are bunch of people saying it 's worthless and ugly . 
  but i mean ... come on . 
  there are tons of fine print on these things . 
  wilders is always bitching about migrants on welfare . 
  if they can manage it , why cant educated people ? 
  you just have to be a bit savvy . 
  i never had trouble with these things . 
  but i know people from philippines , south africa , kenya , etc. 
  that were able to live here and even get a passport in the recent years without earning 27k . 
  i have been working construction for 2 years , earning about 15k a year . 
  that was sufficient to renew my permit . 
  my mom was married to a dutch guy . 
  she never had to take any tests . 
  i never had to take any tests until this year when i decided to apply for a passport . 
  the last time i had to renew my permit was last spring , i doubt much had changed since then . 
  i know dozens of people that had been living here for a while and never had to take the test . 
  it sounds really weird that she has to fly anywhere because the most common test used for these things is nt2 , which you can apply for anywhere in the netherlands . 
  tell your friend to check it with duo first . 
  im not sure ind even accepts tests taken in other countries . 
  i have been living on residence permits for 10 years . 
  working full-time , working black , not working at all , studying , whatever . 
  the condition is that you must have an income , not a job . 
  they check these things in order to see that you actually live in the netherlands , not to determine your social value . 
  if you have a permit allowing employment , you are also entitled to subsidies . 
  you can list these as your income . 
  i am an immigrant living in the netherlands . 
  you can stay here pretty much indefinitely , find work , study , rent a place , just about anything with temporary residence permit only . 
  which you can renew every few years . 
  or you could even apply for a permanent residence permit . 
  with an eu-passport you do not even need a permit , you are already set for all the privileges that the dutch citizens enjoy . 
  the only thing that the language proficiency test is required for is applying for a dutch passport . 
  you have to take a standardized dutch test , which is not that hard really . 
  i barely had any lessons , just learned the language from the tv and speaking to my friends and i passed it on the first go . 
  there are also free government-sponsored language courses for anyone willing learn it as far as i know . 
  waiting for my passport now , should get it by next spring . 
  * learn the language or leave * is putting it rather harshly for what the system really is like . 
  edit : dutch language really is awful when you start learning it . 
  but as a language it is very rich and expressive . 
  and when you get more proficient you realize it is actually quite nice . 
  has a certain melody to it . 
  it is difficult to learn it though . 
  but not so much because it is hard , but because everyone here starts speaking english to you once they realize you are a foreigner . 
  dear dutch people , please stop doing that . 
  dutch is awesome . 
  i speak english , russian , dutch and i \u00b4 m learning spanish . 
  if i was into international trade i guess i would be pretty much set . 
  i was also learning chinese for a while but havent had any practice since so cant recall anything now . 
  i would like to get back to it once i improve my spanish though . 
  i think it 's just lovely . 
  guys from different cultures serving their sentence together ... maybe there should be something like erasmus only for prisoners . 
  norwegian guys coming over for exchange to the netherlands ... dutch guys being sent over to bulgaria ... ah , what a time to be alive !, 
  how about you supply us with those fancy speed trains in return , only the kind that do n't have its front fall off this time ... 
  i always thought of russian electoral process as being more akin to a series of elaborate opinion polls after the decision had been done already . 
  their workmanship is truly remarkable !, 
  ... as a president . 
  also : is it just me , or / r/european is leaking ? 
  soooo ... is medvedev being staged for a comeback or what ? 
  took em 70 years and a bunch of poles to install working showers in auschwitz ... 
  thinking that a country implodes somehow after settling a bunch of people that amount to number of visitors to a typical football game is quite irrational as well . 
  having such a strong opinion about something that you do n't have a firsthand experience of strikes me as irrational . 
  do you actually personally suffer from an influx of asylum seekers ? 
   its a huge success from the perspective of keeping asylum seekers out of australia no , really , it 's not . 
  there is no actual evidence that australian deterrence policy does what it is advertised to do : deter asylum seekers . 
  i think someone who risked their life , crossing the sea in an inflatable boat , abandoning their fellow people and the comfort of familiar culture for the very purpose of seeking employment has every motivation to become productive members of society .
