  is there any evidence implicating putin in any of these ? 
  or is it just your assumption ? 
  just like in the middle east , mexico and south america there were tens of journalists killed in chechnya and dagestan . 
  there is nothing of substance implicating putin or his government as personally responsible for any of these though . 
  you said that putin kills his political opponents , this is false . 
  you say that there is repression of opposition opinions , but you can just go and buy yourself a newspaper and read every litvinenko conspiracy you like . 
  there will be no kgb agent waiting at your door afterwards . 
  but besides that , i do n't really have to grasp at straws or go very far . 
  i could just go and ask you , why the hell did uk support islamic radicals in libya ? 
  why did uk go to iraq ? 
  why did uk went to war in kosovo ? 
  here 's a fun fact : uk foreign interventions caused a higher death toll than putin 's presidency . 
  libya is still torn by sectarian violence , you know . 
  if you keep that in mind , would you still call uk the herald of freedom ? 
  or does it not count , since it 's not uk soil ? 
   state killings by eu governments of political opponents whoa , when did putin start killing his political opponents ? 
  can you name any examples ? 
   violent repression of dissent would you call [ this ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/video/idukbre95917k20130611?videoid=243273795 ) violent ? 
   and opposition viewpoints russia has access to tons of opposition resources online and on the radio too . 
  public tv is another domain , but they still have euronews and they are free to select any news source that they like if they have cable . 
  which is [ not the case in uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/9028435/britain-bans-irans-press-tv-from-airwaves.html ) . 
   which race is more capable , more successful then we the whites ? 
  the jews ? 
  i like turkey . 
  just chillin ... 
  well , besides the fact that american intelligence is leaking from all holes while russian memos are quite rare , the * mother of russian cities , the capital of ukraine , the city of heroes , kiev * part made me cringe and in general the whole thing reads like it was written by a teenager , not the president of russia . 
  looks really fake, 
   civilian casualty number to be acceptable compared to whatever they were comparing it against . 
  they were comparing it to [ bogus numbers ] ( http://www.aim.org/media-monitor/deceit-and-lies-over-kosovo/ ) . 
  they went in and killed thousands based on a lie . 
  when you * use a military intervention * i 'd expect you at least to be adequately informed . 
  this clearly was n't the case . 
  us diplomats cooked up some numbers , us generals swallowed it up and the result is a tragedy . 
  and no one so far bore responsibility . 
  this was n't just a war , this was a war crime . 
  for all intents and purposes , more people died because of nato invasion than before the nato invasion . 
  nato killed more than a thousand civilians , hundreds of women and children . 
  was there ever a tribunal for nato generals ? 
  or that did n't happen either ? 
  yeah , lets all go start a war with russia . 
  have n't had one of those in a while . 
  or , god forbid , everyone would think eu and us chickened out and make fun . 
  brilliant !, 
  what mass murder ? 
  the [ mass murder perpetrated by nato ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/node/138456 ) ? 
  maybe if nato really had problems with ethnic cleansing they would n't have [ sponsored the kla ] ( http://iacenter.org/warcrime/2_kla.htm ) and would 've done something when hundreds of thousands of serbs were marched out of kosovo . 
  like in iraq ? 
  is there any evidence pointing that the local populace was somehow intimidated or harassed by them ? 
  spacex is re-usable . 
  russian or chinese capsules are not . 
  the cool part about re-usability is that you can not just get stuff into space , but also from space . 
  in the future there will be a lot of applications where this can come in handy . 
  and if you combine it with ability to land at the airport that makes it extra handy , if you actually fly these things regularly . 
  someone should pass it on to european comission . 
  that from now all european rockets shall be polygonal . 
  meeh ... russia is most certainly not going to leave crimea . 
  and any economic sanctions will just hurt russian population and pump putin 's approval ratings sky-high . 
  by the way things are going , russia is going to be stuck with putin until he hits the bucket . 
  since the whole * liberal european values * thing looks increasingly alien and hostile . 
  hard power will never work on russia , its not some banana republic . 
  i actually do think its the case and everyone should just get over it already and get on with their lives . 
  we 'll , since everyone is swapping territories , i propose an annexation of karelia and saint petersburg by finland !, 
  it 's not poland anymore , its bulgaria and romania . 
  you guys should brush up on your eu knowledge , i heard they plan to have an eu-wide integration test next year . 
  so you better know some core european values . 
  i 've spent a month in geneva and it did n't come across as very international . 
  i mean it is , of course , but hardly any locals speak anything besides french and in general most of the foreigners are there just for business , it does n't have a very vibrant night life or anything . 
  i 'm not sure if thousands of drunk british people count as cultures . 
  at least i would hope so . 
  there are cracks in houses all over holland . 
  and every time they dig a hole it turns into a swimming pool . 
  i swear , some day entire country will just sink into the ground . 
  wind can be pretty green actually . 
  if you build these things from recycled material . 
  some say modern day russia is just remnants of once glorious mongol empire . 
  there are theories that some of the mongol khans and russian knyazs ( like batu khan and alexander iirc ) are actually the same persons . 
  and the mongols basically founded russia by uniting different tribes into one big khaganate . 
  putin , yuo are of genius !, 
  cool !, 
  yurop can into space now !, 
  not sure what the nose shape has to do with murican space shuttles though , that 's like saying airplanes have wings modelled after wright flyer . 
  seriously ... 
   there no opposition there is also opposition in kosovo . 
  talking about pie charts and such , when you compare 12 to 9.9 , 12 certainly does look like a bigger number , so i give you that . 
  makes it sound * more legit * somehow . 
  but besides that , according to official numbers from counting the votes as well as unofficial ones from the exit-polls , the very vast majority did in fact chose to exit ukraine . 
  and since osce refused to participate , no one can dispute these numbers . 
  and the whole * voting under barrel of the gun * argument is kind of retarded to begin with . 
  russians might be dickheads , but certainly not this big of dickheads . 
  but yeah , we are not talking ethical values here . 
  lets not mix convictions with rationale . 
  i 'm no more fond of the current venerations of cossacs and their ideology or the whole new brand of russian patriotism or serbian nationalism than of american bellicose rhetoric , islamism , communism and more than a few other things that i do indeed find quite terrible . 
  like the ideology of the right sector for example . 
  who do in fact talk about bandera quite a lot , and there were too many upa and una flags flying throughout euromaidan to just ignore it . 
  ... and then nato stood by watching as hundreds of thousands of serbians were marched out of kosovo . 
  and perhaps if us did n't spend years training and arming the kla there would be no reason for ethnic cleansing in the first place . 
  maybe there are no good sides in this story , but it does n't justify what nato did in there . 
  first sponsoring a terrorist group , then lying about the genocide , then killing thousands of people for * humanitarian reasons * , wrapping up with * ethnic cleansing * of serbs and then declaring kosovo a country despite all the opposition ( there is actually quite a bit of opposition , and not just in russia ) and ultimately setting a precedent . 
  and it did n't take long for this precedent to be used , only this time its not the nato but putin , so suddenly its a no-no . 
  even though crimea takeover was n't half as messy as kosovo and the only * legit * opposition to it comes not from the actual people living in crimea but from kiev .
