  we do n't even want to think about being an empire !, 
  we just want to go home and have libertarian dreams !, 
  yeah ... 
  yeah , because no matter what europe does , they 'll literally hitler any day soon because reasons . 
  also look at us , so stronk , many balls , of much relevant . 
  not going to pass on a good war , not like sissy eu . 
  [ zee germans are coming ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kytyqaewaq8 ), 
  you could actually keep track of it [ here ] ( http://laaake.com/ ) . 
  whats with the bilingual thing ... 
  because nobody goes straight to living in the netherlands . 
  usually people have experience bouncing around other countries and they pick up another language there . 
  comes with the lifestyle . 
  also english becomes pretty much a native language for people and dutch is not that common outside of netherlands or belgium . 
  so in the end you have to know at least one more , that you could actually use as a * foreign * language . 
  i speak 4 . 
  at least for expats that 's like a minimum . 
  your native language + english + dutch + 1 extra . 
  and i know a whole bunch of people who fluently speak 5 or more . 
  do n't be so negative , man . 
  yes , they do . 
  i was partying with some geneva squatters back in 2011 . 
  in case a your tree absorbs the 1c . 
  it does n't just stand there idle , doing nothing . 
  it dies , it grows again , it 's a sink . 
  move the panel b2 to case a , then you get the picture . 
  edit : actually [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gtru0zn.jpg ) , i drew one for you . 
  i 've paid 900e for a 1400e workstation laptop 2 years ago and i do n't struggle * at all * . 
  it has an i7 processor , 2 gig of video memory and 12 gig of ram . 
  that 's probably about the same as what you 've got on your macbook . 
  i was very impressed with polish public transport vehicles when i went there . 
  comfy and quiet like anything from mercedes or bombardier and those route maps that show time to arrival are really cool . 
  poland stronk !, 
  imagine an open system with one tree , sitting on top of an infinite carbon deposit . 
  next to it is a factory that outputs carbon . 
  one tree consumes one unit of carbon every year and turns it into ground deposit . 
  case 1 : your factory sits idle , the net output of the system is -1 because the tree just sucks up carbon from outside of the system . 
  case 2 : your factory takes carbon out of the deposit ( e.g. 
  it burns coal ) and produces 1 unit , which is immediately absorbed by the tree . 
  net output of the system is now 0 . 
  case 3 : you chop down the tree and burn that instead . 
  so you produce one unit , but the new tree that you plant in place of the one you chopped down absorbs this unit immediately . 
  sounds good , right ? 
  well , the net product of your system is still 0 . 
  so you still shift the steady state output +1 unit from the baseline scenario . 
  whether you burn coal or tree is irrelevant to your output as long as you burn * something * . 
  the only way to avoid it is to have a dedicated second tree in the system , i.e. 
  to have one extra tree where there previously had n't been none , for every unit of carbon that you output . 
  or produce less carbon , i.e. 
  shut down the factory . 
  if you just switch to using tree , instead of using ground deposits , your net system output will remain exactly the same . 
  it 's renewable , sure , it 's sustainable , but it 's not carbon-neutral . 
  the irony here is that even if you add another tree to the system , it * still * does n't matter whether you use tree or coal , the only thing that matters is your factory output relative to the total number of trees in the system . 
  it 's just simple entropy laws . 
  the video that you posted does not account for one simple thing : unless you actually disturb the system , it acts as a carbon * sink * . 
  it has nothing to say on what those trees were doing * before * you started chopping them down for fuel . 
  once you disturb them , these trees do * not * act as a sink anymore . 
  so basically this video is * utter bullshit * . 
  ok , 25 % of finland is biomass . 
  30 % of finland is not forest . 
  now you have to fill it up to replicate the sink your biomass could 've been , otherwise it 's not neutral . 
  also peat counts as biomass too , and it 's more toxic than coal . 
  first question is where the hell do you plant your new trees . 
  the second question is if there even any point in starting to burn trees instead of coal , if the effects are all the same once you start creating new carbon sinks and it does n't matter what you end up burning in the end . 
  you did n't say that they multiply the forest areas . 
  they plant several trees , yeah . 
  but few of them actually grow large and all of them are ultimately chopped down . 
  so it 's irrelevant . 
  as far as i know finland has a small surplus every year , but at the moment they are just recovering all the empty space left by deforestation of the past century . 
  100 years old for a forest in finland is probably as old as it gets , if you count out the protected primary forests . 
  but if you start burning trees instead of coal , to achieve a neutral state you will have to plant new forests where there had n't been any already . 
  so that 's what you had a century ago x2 . 
  that is you will have to create a sink equivalent to the one you have removed . 
  otherwise you can not burn stuff and be carbon neutral at the same time . 
  well , unless you will grow 2x the forests that you had a 100 years ago , it 's all the same . 
  unless you plant 2x the amount of trees that you chop down , you are still a net emitter of carbon , whether you burn coal or trees . 
  it 's a closed system , unless you burn less or plant more your net contribution will remain constant , no matter what you burn . 
  look , you take a net carbon sink , like a forest , you chop it down and burn it , replacing it . 
  you turned a system with a negative contribution into a system with zero contribution . 
  where did the difference go ? 
  well , up in the air . 
  you are a net emitter . 
  if you take the coal from a deep mine and you burn it , you take a net neutral system and you turn it into a system with positive contribution . 
  you are a net emitter in both cases and the amount you emit is directly equivalent . 
  the only way to burn wood in a neutral way is to plant your forest in a desert or plant 2x the amount of trees that you burn . 
  in reality though , you often destroy carbon sinks that greatly exceed the capacity to absorb carbon , compared to whatever biomass you plant instead . 
  so your contribution is not just the stuff you burn directly , but also the net difference between absorption rate of your biomass and whatever you had to chop down to plant it there . 
  it 's all just basic conservation laws . 
  you ca n't have the cake and eat it too . 
  well , the guy said that in finland trees grow faster than they cut them , as if that 's a good thing . 
  in finland the forests do n't just grow themselves . 
  finns drain out carbon-rich peatlands , burn the peat ( which is even worse then coal ) and convert what 's left to forestry lands . 
  finland is like one of the top co2-per-capita emitters in the world . 
  this is actually exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  conversion of lands that originally were net carbon * sinks * with something that is supposedly * carbon-neutral * . 
  which is complete bullshit . 
  the funny part about this argument is that it sort of presumes that you replace * every tree you cut down * . 
  but then do you think we could plant enough trees to absorb 35 gigatons of co2 ? 
  by that logic we could just fill up all our empty fields with trees and be done worrying about global warming . 
  which is a bit silly of course . 
  what i think will happen is that they will chop down more forests and fill it with feedstocks instead , until the land is a freaking desert .
