  it would be pricey though , i think it would be cheaper just to study on your own , go to uk and do the exams there . 
  traveling to amsterdam in droves and getting shitfaced must be some kind of right of passage into adulthood for young brits . 
  talking about government and history , recently i 've seen a lot of talk on bbc and such where british politicians go full gung-ho patriotic , with * britain shall be great again * etc. . that 's kind of weird , i think it 's kind of a new thing , i do n't remember seeing it so much before . 
  seems like soon uk is going to turn into russia with their `` own ways '' and `` unique grandeur '' and all that stuff . 
  i mean the whole ww2 thing is getting hot again , looks familiar ... 
  besides that , brits are chill . 
  nice sense of humor too . 
  as an immigrant myself , with all the social welfare schemes accessible to most immigrants in western/central europe and scandinavia there are really no valid excuses not to seek higher education/vocational training and employment . 
  or even just stay in your social housing unit , on welfare , playing xbox all day . 
  go for it . 
  but there is no valid excuse to spend your days panhandling with an infant in your arms . 
  it 's not racism , it 's not ethnic persecution , it 's a criminal industry and it should be treated as such , not as an immigration issue . 
  that being said , it 's also a bit silly to bulk the * immigrants * into one category . 
  there is a world of difference between some kid from stuttgart moving to brussels or a family from kabul moving to brussels . 
  the said kid could be slinging dope for a living and sleeping on the streets with his dogs , while the afghani family could be trained doctors with a price on their heads in their home country . 
  here lies another hypocrisy though . 
  somehow more `` productive '' or `` entrepreneurial '' migrants are supposed to be more valuable , while the `` uneducated '' , `` non-integrated '' ones are just subhumans that should sent back to whatever shithole they crawled out of . 
  i 've met plenty of non-productive and non-educated native europeans . 
  and unlike some refugee from somalia they actually had every opportunity to become something , yet they opted not to . 
  why not put * them * on a boat and ship them off to a warzone ? 
  just because they had the fortune of being born here and those others did n't ? 
  it 's a bit ridiculous to hear this rhetoric from the supposed defenders of open-border policies . 
  so yeah , it 's complicated . 
  but the bottom line there should be a real discussion about real issues and effects of immigration , not just broad generalizations . 
  is it migrants fault that you ca n't find a job ? 
  that your country is cutting on social welfare benefits ? 
  doubt it . 
  there are n't that many of them to go around . 
  is it an issue that some of them retain cultural practices incompatible with the ones accepted in western countries ? 
  i think it 's a real issue . 
  and discussing it or pointing it out does not make you a racist . 
  but then why is everyone so surprised that it takes place , when the social programs aimed at integrating migrants into society are slashed , social workers laid off , all citing supposed `` failure '' of spending money and effort on them ? 
  really , this whole dialog needs less emotions and more facts . 
  immigrants are n't going anywhere but it will take some effort to make it work for everyone . 
  just picking through them and sending the `` undesirable '' ones back home wo n't help it , sealing off the borders wo n't help it , letting the things run it 's course and not doing * anything * about it wo n't help either . 
  i have a mexican friend who lives here in the netherlands with italian passport . 
  and no , he does n't speak italian . 
  it does n't really matter which eu country you choose if you have an eu nationality . 
  there are differences in being elegible for some social welfare schemes . 
  but if you just plan to work full-time it should n't really matter . 
  overall , if you do n't plan on learning the language just yet and you are looking for jobs in finance/education , netherlands and belgium are perhaps the most obvious choices . 
  the weather is terrible though . 
  ask around at / r/iwantout, 
  it 's like 75e fine you get on the spot , but in most cases they just let it slide . 
  still , it 's annoying . 
  i 'd let people drink beer on the street . 
  it 's like ... come on . 
  all the other countries can !, 
  how long are you going to stay ? 
  ~ ~ every full moon there is a large party ( fiesta de la luna llena ) at mar bella beach in poble nou . 
  definitly worth a visit if you are around . 
  it 's not really advertised , but you can find more info if you look . 
  in essence just show up there when it 's fullmoon , sometime around 12 . 
  entrance is free , drinks are street-price . 
  also during the summer every neighborhood in barcelona has a festival . 
  definitely check out [ festa major de gracia ] ( http://www.festamajordegracia.cat/ ) . ~ ~ and spending a day in tibidabo can be cool . 
  best views of the city !, 
  for cheap drinks and tapas check out carrer de blai in poble sec . 
  it 's lovely . 
  edit : just checked the dates . 
  man , you should 've booked like 1 week later . 
  still , look up he calendar for fiestas mayores for when you 'll be there , it 's neat !, 
  keep in mind that it 's mostly seasonal work . 
  during the `` low '' season you only have locals working . 
  during `` high '' season you 've got flocks of gastarbeiters from places like poland or romania coming in . 
  they put them in rented flats with stacked up bunk beds , and there they live for a few months or so , until it 's low season again and it 's time to go back home . 
  now there are two moments here : first of all , the * local * labor force is pretty much permanently filled . 
  so there is not much room to play there . 
  it 's hard to find a reliable permanent position . 
  the second moment is that those migrant workers do n't stay very long . 
  they have their own respective countries where they can come back to and where they enjoy relatively high standards of living with all the money that they have saved up . 
  unlike unemployed locals who often have families to support and believe that they deserve better than sharing a tiny room with 8 other dudes , working black minimum wage for the rest of their lives . 
  source : am eastern-european , used to do all sorts of temp work in my early 20s ... 
  but then i do n't go around scribbling on the walls in greek , do i ? 
  someone should work on their spelling ... 
  i lived in predominately black/arab/berber neighbourhoods for some time . 
  the rent is cheap and they have these halal meat stores/bakeries everywhere , at half the price of what you would get at a supermarket . 
  these zones are actually pretty chill to live in , if you do n't feel too queasy around brown people . 
  local muslim population is at 13 % -25 % by the way ( depending who you ask ) . 
  some call this place `` the capital of eurabia '' . 
  and i 'm white as a snowflake . 
  well , its kind of high up . 
  zaragoza can be frosty . 
  bahn.de is your friend . 
  well , i know what i did that time was a bit too much . 
  actually my teammate opted out , said he 's afraid of heights . 
  me and this guy also had to carry a 140kilo i-beam to the top floor once , going up the [ dutch stairs ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-aung2rzyeuc/u5xa93p0v2i/aaaaaaaalx0/w-5ktzoa3fq/s1600/p5257443.jpg ) with the two of us . 
  i thought that was way worse . 
  thought i 'd get a hernia or something . 
  but yeah , 6 days , wow . 
  i never timed these guys , but usually they are like ninjas , they just show up and then bam , scaffolding . 
  and i never seen any of them use harnesses or anything . 
  not sure about paperwork aspects , i worked as a carpenter for like 2 years in the netherlands . 
  never talked to a safety inspector once . 
  never been to a safety meeting either . 
  at the large projects they are more strict . 
  my foreman would tell me to wear a helmet and steel toe boots , but that 's about it . 
  at smaller ones anything goes really . 
  i remember putting up indoor scaffolding ( 7m max ) in a muddy backyard to go 4 stories high , tying it to a wall with a freaking rope , just after rain when everything was wet . 
  we get plenty of migration officers though .
