  that 's obviously the worst case . 
  but i can also imagine a scenario where you 'd get in trouble somewhere on a tourist visa and your case would still get bounced between different consulates . 
  i ca n't imagine how can they possibly slap age verification check on * every single source of porn on the internets * in our day and age when you can find heroin and ak-47s for sale after like 20 min of searching online . 
  i had to give up my russian passport to get a dutch one . 
  it 's `` not mandatory '' , but it kinda is . 
  there are actually all sorts of disadvantages to having a double nationality . 
  from little things like drafting marital contracts , divorces , etc. 
  to more complicated issues like if you get into trouble abroad and you get stranded , as one consulate bounces you to another one to get you sorted . 
  there were some cases of dutch/indo or whatever nationals getting arrested abroad and getting lengthy sentences for something that might not even be illegal in the netherlands . 
  so the indo people would demand a person to go to prison and be in full rights since it 's the law there and the person has an indo passport . 
  and at home in the netherlands , there would be all these people demanding dutch government to intervene to rescue them . 
  a real diplomatic shitshow . 
  i guess the dutch had too many experiences like that in the past so they just make you choose one nationality . 
   you have no relation to those dynasties whatsoever , you are iranians pretending to be turks . 
  sick burn , bro . 
  12.3456769 e +6 is the superior format, 
  go to a restaurant ? 
  i actually saw it happen once . 
  there 's this truck that drives around in the morning ( i think it was the municipal garbage service ) and a dude with a remote makes it go underground . 
  i used to put these boxes together working at a small computer store . 
  the whole process from a barebone case to a pc would take me like 15-20 min . 
  but yeah , if i saw a pre-built pc that 's priced more or less the same as the hardware in it i 'd just get it . 
  they come in nicer cases and have a better warranty . 
  also this whole `` build your own '' elitism is kinda bs . 
  i mean it 's pretty hard to really break anything in there . 
  you just take stuff with certain shapes and fit em into matching holes . 
  it 's basically [ this ] ( https://g.redditmedia.com/gzux8woiif2vmk_z5d21baklf0zs_ofwfgpt8lcuoza.gif?w=450&amp;fm=mp4&amp;mp4-fragmented=false&amp;s=7386e06df7b3ac4b71f2a8d8c44cdbb6 ) . 
   tony blair was a centrist ok , let 's see where he 's going with this ...  adolf hitler was a centrist lol wtf, 
  king decebal must 've dropped some sick beats to get a statue erected in his honor . 
  what is it with the germans and walls ... 
  true , but i 'd rather have policymakers keep their dislikes to themselves and get on with the times . 
  i just got a masters degree in aerospace engineering . 
  working some random gigs until i find something at spanish airbus , boeing or whatever . 
  here the level is very high , too many people that are good . 
  so it 's hard to compete . 
  most of the gigs that she gets are at old peoples homes , or temp replacements at orchestras . 
  it 's stable , but not particularly lucrative and she has to work a lot . 
  there the general level much lower , so she has an advantage in negotiating higher-level gigs . 
  she also gives lessons , and here the best she could do is private lessons and amateurs . 
  there she 's actually aiming to get a teaching job at a conservatory . 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  i did a 4-month internship in barcelona some time ago , and i know the language a bit , so i 'm prepared more or less . 
  our current destination is madrid though , so we 'll see how that goes . 
  for her ? 
  here she had some stable gigs . 
  but then she travels to spain like every month and gets paid more there , and the gigs are better . 
  so it just does n't make sense to stay here , there are just no prospects if you are n't dutch . 
  maybe it 's a bit riskier . 
  she thinks it 's worth it and i think so too . 
  for me , i do n't plan to move until i actually find something there anyway , i 'm just sending cvs now . 
  so the risk is pretty low . 
  and they have some very large multinationals active there so there are quite a few openings , it 's just that the competition is a bitch . 
  i think they had coffeeshops in barcelona for a while now ... 
  my girlfriend is from spain and she 's going back . 
  says she gets paid like 3-4 times more per-gig there than in the netherlands . 
  i plan on tagging along as well . 
  it 's hard looking for jobs though , as a foreigner ... 
  many scientists and engineers would disagree . 
  over here the shittiest beer you can buy is called [ best bier ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-rbh78fok0dg/ugit9ajhpbi/aaaaaaaaa-y/phofbgvnfqy/s1600/2012-09-30+21.23.54.jpg ) . 
  your nexus will just steal all your data and sell it to the highest bidder like the little whore that she is . 
  it will never love you back . 
   honestly , i ca n't think of any time where in our western countries there was a high demand for new workers by the economy which could n't be satisfied with the local working force there 's a [ nurse shortage in uk ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/health-35667939 ) as we speak . 
  which is n't satisfied . 
  that 's just one example . 
   literally never happened . 
  if there is a demand , it will be satisfied . 
  that 's literally what is happening . 
  there 's also a shortage of [ coders ] ( http://www.computerweekly.com/news/2240225794/lack-of-coding-skills-may-lead-to-severe-shortage-of-ict-pros-in-europe-by-2020-warns-ec ) , [ manufacturing workers and skilled labor ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/a507bf12-b40c-11e2-ace9-00144feabdc0?mhq5j=e3 ) , and a whole bunch of other areas with countries like uk and germany [ taking the hardest hit ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2015/542202/ipol_stu\\ ( 2015 \\ ) 542202_en . pdf ) . 
   dafuq are you even talking . 
  just you know , facts of life . 
   nothing wrong with having criteria that forces people to get a job as soon as possible . 
  these criteria differ whether you 're from the eu or outside of the eu . 
  the system in place makes these criteria uniform throughout the eu . 
  with uk outside of it they will be subject to different criteria , which may and probably will hurt a lot of people . 
   you lost your job after the age of 50 ? 
  well , you 're fucked , because there are now thousands of young eu citizens applying for jobs in your field you are making a pretty sweeping assumption here . 
  first of all , there are already enough barriers preventing `` thousands of young eu citizens '' from getting your job . 
  the most important ones are the language barrier and the willingness of your employer to hire people from abroad in the first place . 
  as a citizen you have an advantage of speaking the language . 
  for any middle-class-whatever job where you do n't get to deal with any foreigners this alone already puts you a grade above , silly as it may seem . 
  what you 're left with are things like manual labor and larger multinationals . 
  manual labor where you do n't even have to speak the language is the type of job few people want in the first place . 
  as for multinationals , if you lose to someone younger and smarter that 's on you anyway . 
  the second assumption is that there is a universal shortage of jobs throughout every sector . 
  whereas in reality there are all sorts of shortages for certain specialties and the companies do want to be able to hire foreign talent to fill these positions up instead of settling for the bottom of the barrel 50-somethings just because it 's supposed to be more `` fair '' this way . 
  yeah , but then you have to work constantly . 
  a friend of mine just been laid off and she 's been bumming around for a couple of months , since she still has enough money saved up . 
  because she 's a citizen she could do that . 
  with people on work visas they have to start looking for something immediately or they get kicked out . 
  ddg also has a bunch of perks , like stackoverflow topic preview in instant answers , cheat sheets for everything , and ! bangs that you could use to search some popular websites directly ( like ! yt for youtube or ! w for wikipedia ) . 
  http://www.duckduckgo.com is pretty good . 
  just saying ... 
  coming from the [ capital of eurabia ] ( http://chiesa.espresso.repubblica.it/articolo/1338480bdc4.html?eng=y ) , i must say i 'm terrified for the city future . 
  until recently there were halal butchers and moroccan bakers everywhere . 
  nowadays it 's all just fucking yuppies with their vintage stores and gin & tonic specialty bars . 
  also rent had been going up . 
  what 's happening to this place ... 
  everyone 's bitching how they are afraid that their country would be dragged into some new conflicts by the eu army . 
  i think it would actually be better if your country would have to first convince everyone else that going on some foreign military trip is a good idea . 
  kralingen is nice , it 's quiet there and there 's lots of green .
