  if you 're into adventure time you should also check out regular show , steven universe and gravity falls . 
  and yeah , rick and morty , definitely . 
  yeah , the last historical book i 've read was the [ invisible armies ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/27/books/review/invisible-armies-by-max-boot.html ) by max boot , a history of insurgents from the ancient times to the second surge in iraq . 
  good stuff , i 'd recommend it . 
  my favorite part was the vietnamese sneaking up on the french in the first indochina war , dragging artillery pieces through the jungle by hand and foot , as the french were camping out there with fancy cheese , wine and mobile brothels . 
  my next read would probably be about islamic revolution in iran , [ all the shah 's men : an american coup and the roots of middle east terror ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46347.all_the_shah_s_men ) . 
  yeah , i 'd pick basel too . 
  the standard of living is high , the city itself is lively and quite international , without the hassle of being a tourist trap . 
  also you could always go for a swim in the rhine . 
  never heard of it , checked it out just now . 
  i 'm a russian speaker and i thought it was pretty neat , i could understand most things . 
  probably even more things than when i try to read ukrainian news or something . 
  i would n't learn it specifically , but it would be cool to see more slavs learning extra slavic languages in general . 
  i think something like this would make a cool teaching aid in something like a 3-in-1 slavic language course . 
  recently there are a ton of spaniards too . 
  every time i go to appie it 's spaniards everywhere . 
  i even learned the language just to fit in . 
  i just knew there would be a dutch person asking for free refills . 
  ... unless you count something like `` laan van noi '' or `` v.o.c. 
  plein '' . 
  i just did my best to navigate the poor guy to the nearest tittie bar ... 
  - how do i get to red light district ? 
  - sorry , mate , wrong city ... 
  i know what urban sprawl is . 
  i suggest you look up ` compact city ' urban planning in the randstad and how it 's different . 
  and i lived in cities where everyone just lives in these massive apartment blocks . 
  it 's shit . 
  denser population typically means shittier air quality and more noise . 
  and i would n't say that houses result in more car travel than apt . 
  buildings . 
  first you assume no public transport , which is not necessarily true . 
  second these apartment blocks tend to cluster into commuter towns anyway . 
  third , less density also means less car traffic , meaning it 's way easier to get around by bike . 
  also , i 'm renting a loft in a historical building in the city center and i 've got eurasian jays , great tits , blackbirds and all sorts of flying fauna coming to my balcony . 
  it 's like a disney cartoon . 
  if i lived surrounded by massive apt . 
  blocks all these things would probably just crash into windows and die . 
  afaik there should be no tax inside eu and outside eu the tax starts when the cost of whats inside of the package exceeds 250e or something like that . 
  the more crowded version , lined with cafes and bars and all that is the [ scheveningen brach ] ( http://www.visitmeatwork.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/scheveningen-pier.jpg ) in the hague . 
  there are like three state channels that i can receive on my digital tv box without paying . 
  the content is meeh in the daytime , but there are some nice talk shows and sometimes movies in the evening . 
  eastern european cuisine is the best cuisine in the world , imho . 
  too bad it 's relatively unknown in the west . 
  it improved * a lot * in the recent years . 
  like a decade ago you could n't walk 10 meters down kruiskade without being approached by a drug dealer . 
  now it 's all artisan ice-cream vendors and vintage apparel stores . 
  i just hope gentrification wo n't take it too far . 
  there 's a lot of social housing in the city , and there are several laws governing sale and rent of the properties . 
  for example many of the cheaper flats on sale come with a condition that the owner can not rent them out . 
  this prevents landlords from hoarding cheap houses and jacking the rent up . 
  the cheap social rentals that are owned in bulk usually belong to larger rental corporations that work in conjunction with the government . 
  they have their own regulations , like for example there is a cap on yearly rent growth , linked to inflation rate . 
  of course cheap places like this are somewhat scarce , so it 's a bit of hit or miss . 
  for social rentals you often have to sit in line for a couple of years until you can get something . 
  the actual average for a 2-bedroom rental around here is more like 600-800 eur . 
  still better than amsterdam though , there you 're lucky to find a broom closet for this money . 
  in basque region it 's all over the place . 
  rotterdam housing prices are very ok for a major city , even compared to southern/eastern europe . 
  my mom just got a small 45m2 studio for like 50k eur , about 20 min from the city center by public transport . 
  and i 'm renting a flat in the center for like 380 eur/month , with utilities and all . 
  gin & tonics had been in for the past few years . 
  there 's even a gin & tonic specialty bar with 162 gins and 12 tonics on offer . 
  well , if you 're in a place where half of the people are on mdma or cocaine , another half are drunk , and most people are smokers then yeah , second hand smoke does n't seem like such a big deal . 
  maybe [ this is why ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo2l1jxs7he ), 
  donald trump ... boris johnson ... geert wilders ... what 's with all these guys hair . 
  i know his party wants to bring back smoking in bars and clubs . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  well , i lived here for like 11 years by now , and most of my friends are dutch . 
  i also know many people from my native country who only socialize within their own minority . 
  my girlfriend lived here for 8 years , and most of her friends are expats who speak the same language as hers . 
  her old roommate on the other hand comes from the same country and lived here for as long as she did , and she 's like super dutch by now . 
  it 's really what you make of it . 
  i mean it 's fine to hang out within your own minority , but if it 's exclusive then you 're not really integrated . 
  you 'll often hear expats from here , or from germany or nordics mention that they do n't feel like they belong , or that it 's difficult to make friends . 
  just read what the op wrote . 
  but that 's just it , it 's so easy to get by with just english that you become trapped in this bubble . 
  not really . 
  it 's a whole different layer on top of dutch society , and the two rarely cross . 
  maybe you do n't hear populists bitching about expats integrating ( being mostly white helps ) , but it 's really a bubble . 
  i mean most * immigrants * are probably more integrated than expats , since they usually go for dutch-language jobs and have more contact with the natives than expats do . 
  yes , it is enough to live here . 
  but then you 'll be forever stuck in this expat-crowd limbo . 
  unless you actually learn dutch and force everyone around you speak to you in dutch . 
  if you speak the language , respect local customs and hang out with the natives , that 's about as integrated as you can ever get . 
  what 100 % integration really means is being white and speaking the local language without any accent . 
  unless you could pull both of these things off there 's really no point in trying . 
  in a short term toulouse , france . 
  about to finish my masters degree , and there 's a lot of industry relevant to my studies there . 
  also i hear the city itself is super nice . 
  so yeah , going to start applying soon . 
  in longer term madrid , spain . 
  after bumming around toulouse for a couple of years . 
  also a fantastic city , plenty of industry , but tougher to find a job . 
  * ideally * eventually i 'd move somewhere in andalucia . 
  it 's sunny , everything is cheap , food is fantastic , and theres beaches and the sea there . 
  and industry too , including many r&d centers . 
  but also massive unemployment , so it would take quite some searching . 
  also * goeie * sounds pretty similar to \u0445\u0443\u0439 that means dick in russian , turning most dutch gretings into obscenities . 
  in spanish rabo can alternatively mean `` cock '' or `` ass '' . 
  one of the biggest banks here in the netherlands is called `` rabobank '' , which would translate literally as `` dickbutt bank '' .
