  it 's only soros scheming . 
  same as in hungary . 
  muslims in europe are about as bad as conservative christians in hungary when it comes to homophobia . 
  shunning , lobbying against lgbt inclusive laws , the occasional gay bashing . 
  christians in africa are about as bad as muslims in africa about it . 
  uganda is a christian country . 
  check this out : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uganda_anti-homosexuality_act,_2014 hell , check out these maps . 
  http://www.gender-focus.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/gay-rights-laws-in-africa-map.jpg http://elearning.la.psu.edu/afam/100/lesson-2-part1/images/religionspostcolonial.jpg, 
  do you really think homophobia is not prevalent in mainstream christian denominations ? 
  i do n't know about the situation in spain , but in hungary it is . 
  statuatory rape . 
  and also , he drugged her . 
  so , rape . 
  i see . 
  i see . 
  i 'm asking you . 
  so why has polanski not been charged with rape in france and put away ? 
  so why has polanski not been charged with rape in france and put away ? 
  you can get away with murder ( or rape ) if you are french and commit it abroad ? 
  that 's a great idea . 
  i never realized before how much europe and india are alike . 
  too subcontinents with a lot of languages , religions , history and identity holding them together , broken and amalgamated through millenia . 
   money needs to be taken out of politics sounds great but has the same viability as ` oxygen should be taken out of breathing ' . 
  i do n't really see any point here . 
   asia no chinese and indian philosophical tradition ? 
  this question is just a provocation . 
  that is the default . 
  and not just in hungary , france and austria too - i asked a some friends . 
  thanks for the writeup . 
  what do non-geeks watch then ? 
   cant find anyone willing to work that job how come ? 
  good . 
  even against macron ? 
  i just do n't see any long term potential for russia . 
  bad demographics wrt age , over-dependence on hydrocarbons , bad trade relationships with half the world ( to say the very least ) . 
  thanks . 
  first time i heard about them . 
  can you link me to a neutral writeup ? 
   transylvania losing too soon ** triggered **, 
  yours , why not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_balaton edit : apparently this happened a year ago - the newssite i pulled this from had bad info . 
  a dutch colonist family with significant indonesian ( as in the people , not the culture ) heritage . 
  that 's the reason he coloured his hair platinum blond . 
  hmm . 
  i was promised an overrun society by the neonazis ( you can call them altright if you want ) . 
  now i have to see that it is in fact reasonable . 
  i 'm quite happy  . 
  it might , it might n't . 
  but that statistic encompasses the majority of rapes which are committed by family , friends and close acquaintances ( not a happy statistic ) . 
  it 's harder to accuse a friend than a stranger . 
  and when it goes overboard that 's how you get hallucinations and delusions . 
  they probably used the markus-kitayama definition . 
  there 's an okay writeup in http://scholarworks.gvsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?date=1366817063&amp;article=1052&amp;context=orpc&amp;preview_mode= if you skip the introduction part . 
  ( i did n't check out the article all that much otherwise . ), 
  i will say that anyone who stabs anyone is much more likely to give them a black eye too . 
  well , i do n't know how it went then . 
  let the police do their job and hopefully they will give us a clear picture . 
  chavs can riot too . 
   these people every kebab shop guy ? 
  every muslim ? 
  every arab ? 
  funnily enough , none of these would work . 
  but a good [ dog whistle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog-whistle_politics ) regardless . 
  did n't he throw in a big firecracker first ? 
  that 's what the thread about this yesterday said . 
  no-one 's saying it excuses anything . 
  i am saying though that only a stupid person picks a fistfight with someone who has a knife in their hand . 
  as it happened in the case in budapest which i was talking about in the comment you replied to . 
  but people are stupid especially when drunk : thank heavens that butchers are n't open at night ( here in budapest a lot of butcher shops are fast food places as well ) . 
  what are you saying ? 
  kebab guys tend to have knives in their hands lot of the time because of their occupation . 
  no need to draw then . 
  we had a kebab-place knife incident here in hungary a few years back when a drunk customer did n't get service , started a fight a found out it 's not a good idea to do that when your potential enemy has a big-ass knife in his hand . 
  there were no race riots though even though the man was arab . 
  the police arrested him and the judge put him away for a long time . 
  like it 's supposed to happen in a civilized society . 
  after this bleakest of years for europe , glib talk of the 1930s is in the air . 
  the bonds of trust between nations are fraying , and the old saw that the european union advances only in times of crisis is being tested to destruction . 
  populists are on the march . 
  britain is on the way out . 
  and europe 's neighbours are either menacing it ( russia ) or threatening to flood it with refugees . 
  one hyperventilating eurocrat recently confided to your columnist that he feared another franco-german war . 
  small wonder that gloomy europeans are starting to dust off their stefan zweig . 
  a prolific and , in his time , wildly popular author of novels , biographies and political tracts , zweig incarnated the interwar ideal of the cultivated european . 
  a jew who saw his books burned by the nazis , he was exiled first from his austrian home , in 1934 , and then from europe . 
  zweig 's literary star was eclipsed by contemporaries such as thomas mann and joseph roth . 
  but his witness to europe 's catastrophe , and his dedication to the cause of its union , have helped restore him to popular affection . 
  ( `` the grand budapest hotel '' , a 2014 film inspired by zweig 's writing , may also have had a hand . ), 
  zweig held the aesthete 's distaste for the grub and grind of politics , but his calls for european unity grew more urgent throughout the 1930s as the continent stumbled towards war . 
  when it finally came , zweig could not muster the hope he had encouraged in others . 
  in `` the world of yesterday '' , a lament composed towards the end of his life for the cosmopolitan fin-de-si\u00e8cle vienna of his childhood , zweig declares europe `` lost '' to him as it tears itself apart for the second time in living memory . 
  in 1942 zweig and his young wife committed suicide in their adopted home of petr\u00f3polis , nestled in the hills above rio de janeiro . 
  in the harsh assessment of john gray , a critic , zweig showed too little courage in life for his death to be considered tragic . 
  but there is no hiding the irony in what was to follow . 
  less than a decade after his suicide six european countries agreed to unify their steel and coal production , establishing a club that was to evolve into the european project which zweig had for so long urged into being . 
  an organisation built on such prosaic foundations would doubtless not have excited the high-minded scribbler 's imagination ( and for all its pan-european commingling , brussels will never match zweig 's vienna ) . 
  but it sought to achieve via bureaucratic means what zweig had hoped to attain through education and culture : to make war between france and germany not just unthinkable but impossible . 
  that founding myth of what was to become the eu still animates its leaders today . 
  in a recent speech donald tusk , the president of the european council , nodded to zweig 's warning that those caught up in historical change never notice its beginnings . 
  mr tusk deplored the `` trap of fatalism '' that , he argued , had ensnared today 's moderate politicians facing the threat of populism .
