  i can think of about 4 times when i mentioned coded language , all times in the context of this specific debate iirc and i have n't used the term ` dog whistles ' i think . 
  you might have mistaken me for someone else . 
  could you link to our earlier conversation ( s ) ? 
  i do n't know which one ( s ) you are talking about since you are using a 2-hours-old account . 
  edit : spelling and words . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  which was your original account ? 
  make a comment with it referencing this thread in / r/test too if you please . 
  two mentions = obsession ? 
  how does that work ? 
   redditor for 2 hours, 
   it requires the assumption that those who are muslim are automatically immigrants , which is clearly untrue . 
  but says a lot about / u/professorz00m . 
  prepare to read variations of ` europeans are incompatible with non europeans ^ ( only culturally of course ) ' , a whole lot of times . 
  coded messages are a big thing here and with this change they are about to get huge . 
   it was always the same few people in megathreads as well . 
  how can the mods ignore this , i wonder . 
   redditor for 3 hours it ~ ~ begins ~ ~ resumes . 
   you really are a paranoid one are n't you ? 
  that 's not the kind of debate you claim to represent . 
  ( btw based on what i 've seen you post i recommend this book to you . 
  it made me think a lot , i wonder what you would make of it . 
  https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23692271-sapiens ), 
  in hungarian : \u0151 = he/she, 
  hover over my flair . 
  but seriously , this is a great idea . 
  i actually asked the mods before whether tthey would be willing to make a half eu/half my country flair for me and for other people but they said that the number of possible commbination were too high for it to be reasonable to accomodate such things and they were right , it would tens of thousands of combinations . 
  using two different images and is doable though . 
  great !, 
  a lot of the same people dressed up in their clear alts do it over here too . 
  i wonder how this will all go down though . 
  i do not trust you at all . 
  you are the outermost layer and the reasonable face of something very ugly . 
  you must know all too well that coded language is the bread and butter of certain unsavoury people : muslims = arabs = brown people = youths = undesireables . 
  i see up in the thread people who have been using new acounts dating from the beginning of this debacle celebrating . 
  people who have no other contribution to this place than pushing for migration talk all day every day and paving the way for other accounts which talk about the same topic with even less wholesome implications . 
  the mods either have to let this place go the way of / r/worldnews or worse , / r/european ( though the difference between the two is less than it would have been a year ago ) or stop propaganda-pushing somehow . 
  the reason we were so inundiated with migration posts is that 400000 subscribers ' front pages make for a terribly effective place to push propaganda . 
  this has not changed and the filter system would n't change it . 
  i wish you good luck in trying to fight the flood of racists and bigots in any way though . 
  i wonder how this will turn out - but if it gets back to the level of the time befor the megathreads than the only thing that will have been collectively learned here is far-right people throwing temper tantrums gets them bacck their channel of propaganda . 
  i very much hope that is not the case . 
  that very much depends on your pov . 
  they killed . 
  ( here comes explanation about how killing the liberal heir of the country who wanted to give it a federalized constitution is a good thing . 
  by a moldovan pretending to be serb because he likes serbian war music/propaganda from the balkan wars . ), 
   ukraine has been kicked out of the ( eastern ) slavic brotherhood you think russia 's qualified to do that ? 
   eu stance against us i do n't see that . 
  could you elaborate please ? 
  the traditional parties have not handled well in these areas the various crises the countries faced . 
  you 're preaching to the choir . 
   in my point of view that 's the key part of your response . 
  and its articles get posted to reddit constantly . 
  yeah , my point was that he does n't need to be able to change the constitution to royally fuck up what 's left of democracy in the us . 
  those claims are just a good indicator . 
  now imagine if trump were to name 2-3 supreme court justices , how many * citizens united * s would follow . 
  plus maybe overturning * obergefell * ( gay marriage ) , * roe v. wade * , who knows . 
  but definitely more corporate influence in politics . 
  what about this bs ? 
  trump would like to take a few steps on that road . 
  mostly for his egos sake - that 's the kind of person we are talking about . 
  [ freedom has to be earned . 
  the ur-fascists are always there to try to subvert it . 
  ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/ ), 
  still wants to amend the first so he could censor media he does n't like . 
  the eu 's interest magically being showing all member states that they can leave the obligations and get the positives . 
  right . 
  the left is a spectrum and pes is on it . 
  and pes is pretty much square in the progressive corner on social issues , which this convo originally concentrated on . 
  yes , but that was made law by orb\u00e1n 's predecessors . 
  he otoh amended the constitution to outlaw the possibility of marriage equality . 
  that was not on his program before the elections and as such not his mandate either - he just sprung it on us as one of the first of many-many one-sided actions which continue on . 
  then again , the gue/ngl is marginal cimpared to the giant pes and medium-sized alde . 
  the absolutely vast majority of the european left is pro-eu . 
  ( as well as a big majority of the conservatives too . ), 
  the eurosceptic left is much smaller then the euroskeptic right though . 
  pes , which contains all the mainstream socialist parties in the continent is for eu , while the tories and the poles split off from the epp ( conservatives ) to form a mildly euroskeptic medium sized group , because the two already existing hardcore ones were not enough/too crazy . 
  also alde ( liberals ) is pretty much pro-eu too . 
   even if that assumption were true . 
  and let 's be clear here : judging from the amount of votes the left gets in europe the assumption is patently false . 
  some people would like to paint a picture in this subreddit that is absolutely wrong about the politics of europeans . 
  hundreds of millions vote socialist and liberal in this continent every election cycle . 
  i switched to that from calling the country the czech republic because other czech people here were advocating for it/using it . 
  he wo n't live for long if he does n't stop being an alcoholic at his age . 
  anyhow , czechia deserves a president who does n't make a fool out of himself every so often . 
  paywalled article , copy below : *** leaving the eu would hurt britain -- and would also deal a terrible blow to the west the battle is joined , at last . 
  david cameron has called a referendum on britain 's membership of the european union for june 23rd , promising to campaign hard to stay in . 
  what began as a gambit to hold together his divided tory party is turning into an alarmingly close contest . 
  betting markets put the odds that britons opt to leave at two-to-one ; some polls suggest the voters are evenly split ; several cabinet ministers are campaigning for brexit . 
  there is a real chance that in four months ' time britain could be casting off from europe 's shores . 
  that would be grave news -- and not just for britain . 
  a vote to leave would damage the economy , certainly in the short term and probably in the long run . 
  ( as financial markets woke up to the prospect , the pound this week fell to its lowest level against the dollar since 2009 . ), 
  it would imperil britain 's security , when threats from terrorists and foreign powers are at their most severe in years . 
  and far from reclaiming sovereignty , britons would be forgoing clout , by giving up membership of a powerful club whose actions they can influence better from within than without . 
  those outside britain marvelling at this proposed act of self-harm should worry for themselves , too . 
  brexit would deal a heavy blow to europe , a continent already on the ropes . 
  it would uncouple the world 's fifth-largest economy from its biggest market , and unmoor the fifth-largest defence spender from its allies . 
  poorer , less secure and disunited , the new eu would be weaker ; the west , reliant on the balancing forces of america and europe , would be enfeebled , too . 
  dreams , meet reality the brexiters ' case is that britain is held back by europe : unshackled , it could soar as an open economy that continued to trade with the eu and all round the world .
