  what shit ? 
  you are not making sense . 
  now i remember the mini-conversation , sorry about not learning your username . 
  you were arguing based on personal anecdotes . 
  so i told you about the fact that that 's not enough ( most of the migrants i know from thirld word countries are actually highly educated ) . 
  so you linked a general survey showing how generally europe is better educated than third world countries ( based on high-school level reading comprehension and math , without a source ) . 
  i wanted to tell you that a higher than what you would expect percentage of those who come have secondary or professional education , because making the trip costs a lot of money and those are the people who can raise it easily - for example syria is basically emptied of professionals at this point . 
  then i remembered this handy diagram and saw where we were on it . 
  https://imgur.com/uhjt6ok so i thought about the futility of it and left you to your devices . 
  ( btw the passive-agressive smileys and calling me an idiot are not the best moves in a conversation . ), 
  edit : spelling . 
  still does n't ring a bell . 
  could you link it ? 
  i do n't think that europe is n't more educated than the rest of the world on average so this is kind of weird . 
  also gtg , be back in a few hours . 
  it kinda makes it worse . 
  i do n't really remember you ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   unless you ca n't face the guy 's facts . 
  come on , do n't pretend it is about that . 
  i 'm just frigging annoyed by how many trolls are popping up here . 
  a lot of 0-to-30 day accounts are trolling around here . 
  crying ad hominem in this situation is a [ fallacist 's fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_fallacy ) . 
  redditor since : 2015-08-07 ( 16 days ), 
  than be prepared to not being taken seriously . 
  if that were so , all the big subreddits would n't have turned into shit as they got bigger . 
  especially the political ones . 
  this thread really is just showing how fast the general quality of posts goes down around here without them . 
  though they should be implemented in a more better and better managed way . 
  yep . 
  some stuff should n't be let standing unchallenged even until it gets removed or if it should somehow slip through the cracks of our overwhelmed moderation . 
  i recall several instances of ` let 's sink the ships ' staying up . 
  to clarify , those comments wanted thousands of people to die a slow and agonizing death . 
  or just the other day i got into an argument with a nice user who thought that torturing people would be fine as long as it got through the message that it was bad for them to try to get to the eu . 
  that was n't deleted either . 
  civility is getting scarcer and scarcer in this sub . 
  you would be surprised by the number . 
  calling out them on it ( that exact thing , sinking boats with people on them ) will also lead you to get downvoted . 
   yes , tell us more australian . 
  have you howered over his flair ? 
  it says ' i live in europe ' . 
  link ? 
  i do n't think you are a shill or whatever , i just think you are an awful human being . 
  no paranoia necessary for that . 
  but carry on calling me a ` tin-foil-hat-different-opinions-must-have-an-agenda person ' . 
  it will help sell people that anyone who do n't agree with you must be crazy . 
  redditor since : 2015-08-21 ( 1 day ), 
  we have elecricity again too !, 
  here there was suh a huge fucking storm that good parts of the budapest and the countryside were left without electricty in their aftermarth . 
  they have been restored by now though . 
  funny how the opposite problems can create the same follow-up problems . 
  it 's a catch-22 , but if more reasonable people were to leave the place would get less and less usable . 
   redditor since : 2015-08-02 ( 20 days ) do n't mind me , i 'm just documenting how we are not being brigaded . 
  it 's not as you suspect : people here are not more stupid than you beleived before posting , but rather smarter . 
  it 's easy to see for them how you try to twist this piece of news to fit an agenda already set . 
  some are trying but with this kinds of news they ca n't even get / r/eurpe to be anti-muslim . 
  the cleverer ones hold their mouths or ty to twist it a little bit and the stupider ones are downvoted . 
  they want to get their bread buttered on both sides . 
  i mean they have a heavily preferred one , but if there are clicks to be pulled in easily once or twice they can go both ways for a little while . 
  i really wish we did n't live in a world where such things happen . 
  and attacking an octogenerian ? 
  just how much of a coward does someone has to be to start there ? 
  it 's all just realpolitik - they are afraid of catalonia and the basques . 
  not according to hungary . 
  we could go on and on , but de facto it is a state and de jure more than half of the un considers it one . 
  a weird statistic to go after when diplomatic recognition is conferred by states . 
  you are creating a false dilemma because there are no set laws of nature that would preclude a mutually beneficial ( or if not that then better than torture ) way of working things . 
  anyway , at least you are honest about your willingness to inflict pain , harm and suffering . 
  that 's more that can be said about a lot of people on here . 
  do n't take it as a compliment though , you actually want tens of thousands of people to go mad . 
  that is despicable . 
  it 's * perfect * because it 's * technically * not considered torture ? 
  are you a psychopath ? 
   this is how australia handles it . 
  australia has a magnitude lower level of migrants . 
  how do you want to get a country not that populous itself to take in hundreds of thousands of refugees ? 
   stick them in solitary confinement until they are processed and sent to the african country . 
  as humans are social animals , full not very-very short term solitary confinement iis torture and tends to drive a person psychotic . 
  also that would cost very very much . 
  logistically untenable unless you want to build camps of solitary cells for hundreds of thousands of people . 
  i do n't want to tell you explicitly what that reminds me of . 
   pay an african country to take them in which one ? 
   treating ones sneaking into europe harshly . 
  what do you propose ? 
  beatings , public humiliation and tasers can go under ` harshing them up a bit so that they know what 's good for them ' , but there 's also starving , solitary confinement - i mean the possibilities are endless . 
  so are you proposing ( a ) allevieting the pressure on the hot spot ( b ) increasing the pressure by even more force choice b could lead to crushing a lot of refugees and migrants which is the undercurrent of the sentiment the surfaces from time-time on this sub these days so i 'd venture to guess that is the direction your proposed solution is leaning . 
  i think you might be implying some despicable things should be acceptable . 
  not helping your point . 
   a strongman solution may be necessary i really , really do n't like hearing those words . 
  yeah , the mentally disturbed part is unfortunate and shows that there moght be less of a general xenohobic attitude than if he were psychologically healthy . 
  still sorry you got to experience that . 
  this shows though that these kind of people surface more and more in an environment where ( however covert ) or even overt bigotry enters the mainstream dialogue . 
  though i am confident the the eu countries ' police forces are more professional and competent . 
  also the migrants are treated less like human cattle and more like human beings here . 
  though i worry greece 's islands might be a powderkeg . 
  can you link it ? 
  i wan na have good laugh . 
  good riddance to the independent greeks . 
  i do n't think he will . 
  he has to be more of a pragmatist than a true believer in the end .
