  your choice . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20857578 whitewashing/lionizing war criminals and building your nationalistic mythos on them is what leads to turkey 's current nationalist state . 
   a benevolent dictator does n't commit genocide . 
  you should n't use the flag with that username , it 's is insulting to actual hungarians . 
  friedman 's book 's only real relevance is that it made me take him less seriously . 
  he should know that he ca n't predict anything that far into the future , in fact he does - he says so . 
  why write the book than ? 
  it 's one scenario the likelihood of which is in the realm of about 200 others . 
  his technological predictions are pretty bad too . 
  way too conservative imo . 
  anyhow , the whole next 100 years book read like the '20 minutes into the future ' type of sci-fi and for that there are a lot of better reads maybe with more likelihood of coming true . 
  i 'd recommend * rainbows end * by vinge to anyone over friedman 's stuff . 
  i honestly ca n't believe that we are having this conversation . 
  you are trying to compare the european press to north korean propaganda . 
  i ca n't decide whether this is paranoia or the reddit level of politics . 
  i guess poe 's law applies with this as well . 
  do n't marginalize the north korean 's plight for your ridiculous metaphors . 
  read the * aquariums of pyongyang * and if you have a decent bone in your body you wo n't say things like this again . 
  actually i 'm letting you have the last word here , i 'm ignoring this bs subthread . 
  the only reasonable decision for someone who knows a bit more than you about nk . 
  itt proof that nationalistic bs is still very close to the surface in serbia . 
  edit : apparently butthurt too . 
   importing third world unintelligent people means they , and their children , will eternally vote for you out of gratitude . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
   itt in this subreddit rather, 
  i assure you , north korean propaganda is still magnitudes worse than the normal media waves of europe . 
  read the * aquariums of pyongyang * if you want more insight into that horrifying place . 
  i see . 
  thou hast a point . 
  we have the same joke about hungarians  . 
  you 're one of our meta-migrants , eh ? 
  https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/diaspora  diaspora  the spreading of people from one original country to other countries they never spread from their original country , they were severed from their original country . 
  they live in the same land only borders changed around them . 
  sorry about making an issue out of semantics but this kind of thing matters . 
  szekler people are not a diaspora . 
   / helpfull / helpful, 
   this case will be in front of the jury wtf . 
  there are no juries in hungary mate , we have judge trials . 
  / tips le m ` fedora, 
  might be it 's going to be tried as a hate crime , since her motivations were pretty obviously bigoted . 
  that carries harsher penalties . 
  still , this is all going to be forgotten in a week tops and she will pay a fine or get a suspended sentence if everything goes badly for her . 
  it would probably be the best outcome imo . 
   guy is 10 times scarier than the tories . 
  that would be pretty hard to pull of though . 
  just their surveillence state fetish is at least as scary than any of that and i have n't even talked about how they want to moralize and control everyone 's sexual thoughts . 
  yeah , i would put actual money on the table in a bet that catalonia would be back in the eu in a maximum of 10 years , probably more like 5 , should it even be forced out of it in the first place . 
  the nato much sooner and easier , if they want it . 
  interesting and interestinger . 
  though i highly doubt anything will come from this . 
   there was just some talking about some sanctions for not taking refugees . 
  really ? 
  from serious circles ? 
  got a link ? 
  no discussion about any topic possible without bringing up migrants , eh ? 
   but seriously , it 's good to see high effort posts at this time . 
  unfortunately there is a lowered chance of a reasonable amount of people are going to see this now . 
  [ 2030 ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2013/02/japans-demographic-disaster/ ) is a bit easier . 
  yeah . 
  i meant to say odious . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  i guess you have me down a 100 % then . 
  my [ feelings ] ( https://i.imgur.com/kpttt.gif ) over the complete dismantling of this place and the simultanious ignorant villification and odious praise my homeland gets here out of the blue will be a perfect reason for you to disregard anything i say . 
  how meta . 
  you did n't quite answer to my post here . 
  a symptom of the psychological disease this sub is succumbing to i guess . 
  talk about nuanceless infighting ... what do you even care about my worldview ? 
  what do you even claim to know about it ? 
  this place has become so much of a battlefield of black-and-white opinions that i could n't even begin to express what i think about this situation - which is very conflicted , to say the least by the way . 
  i 'm simply bemoaning the simplistic worldviews and nuanceless infighting that have taken over this sub to the extent of having to see soundbites like the one i was reacting to become the commonplace level of discourse . 
  it 's a bit more nuanced than that . 
  i 'm not one who would 've liked to live in either , but your way of simply meshing franco 's regime , the 2nd spanish republic and stalin together lacks the refined eye - to put it lightly . 
  the quality of this sub has really gone to shit lately . 
  imagine running into multiple hungarians in a topic about hungary . 
  what a surprise . 
  i never said any number , just called you out on your bs . 
   a sockpuppet is an online identity used for purposes of deception . 
  the term , a reference to the manipulation of a simple hand puppet made from a sock , originally referred to a false identity assumed by a member of an internet community who spoke to , or about , themselves while pretending to be another person . 
  [ 1 ] the term now includes other misleading uses of online identities , such as those created to praise , defend or support a person or organization , [ 2 ] or to circumvent a suspension or ban from a website . 
  if they are not real they only illustrate how pessimistic your imagination can get . 
  wash your hands after you pull those numbers out of your ass . 
  they are sitty . 
  i really hope those robotics projects will help out with your pesky we-are-selling-more-diapers-for-grandpas-than-babies problem . 
  and i was called a ` schizo ' for caling out the 0-day sockpuppets when the whole megathread-drama started . 
  they are doing it to another innocent moderate up in this thread - if you dare to mention a sockpuppet is a sockpuppet you are crazy . 
   and this above is why this sub is utter shit , filled with 17 year old revolutionaries from / pol / i am hoping it willd get better now that summer is over . 
  i have been told a fair number of times how the situation is in hungary and how i am wrong about the country not being in totaal anarchy and chaos a bit too many times these last few months by people from finland to the us . 
   redditor for 2 hours fuck this thread is brigaded to hell . 
  yeah , he was n't a fascist . 
  he was a communist . 
  read some history books and do n't try to reinvent words for a political purpose . 
  you need to be a university professor or an influential editor for that to have a chance of working and you are 7-day-old sockpuppet account . 
   fascist communist are you high ? 
  jesus christ have you looked at what you have written ? 
  it 's the stupidest metaphor i 've heard this year and we are pretty deep into 2015 . http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/3604895/abandon-thread-o.gif, 
  well you made up your mind regardless of what somebody on the ground tells you . 
  i can only speculate as to why that is . 
  no , there is n't . 
  i can tell you , i 'm right here . 
  if water has memory then we are all drinking shit , wine , sperm , orange juice , hitler 's blood , the caribbean sea , dom perignon and dog saliva anytime we pour a glass of water .
