  per definition . 
  you can try to dress it up or rationalize it away , but if you do n't want one kind of people to exist , you have to * get rid of them * , that 's the ugly truth . 
  no , for the xth time , democracy does n't mean that you are free to * get rid of * minorities . 
   redditor since :2016 -01 -16 ( 25 days ) and the great migration continues . 
  where have you come from ? 
  alt account ? 
   and so am i , but the outer border does not work . 
  yet . 
  let 's not give up and lose those billions . 
  i honestly do n't get it why politicians are n't concentrating more on this issue . 
  schengen contributes billions to the economy . 
  i 'm for an outer border , not ones inside the eu . 
  the eu 's economic benefit on our lives can not be disputed in good conscience . 
  it 's only safely theoretical as long as there is no clear power imbalance . 
  the eu 's military capacity is not sufficient to win a land war against say russia atm . 
  you learn something new everyday . 
  but a system you propose tends to create a political theater dominated by two parties . 
  that 's pretty bad in and of itself . 
  and even the candidates for districts do tend to be lackeys for their parties - just look at the us and the uk , they use this kind of system . 
  why would bulgarians want to switch away from that ? 
  as for # 6 - popular elections for law enforcement officials seem like a really bad idea . 
  the other proposals seem fine . 
  losers tend to lash out . 
  here in hungary keying someone 's car will put the offender in jail if the police catches them . 
  good thing too . 
  paywalled article , copy follows : *** this week horst seehofer , the premier of bavaria and an unruly ally of chancellor angela merkel , ruffled german diplomatic feathers by visiting vladimir putin , russia 's president . 
  mr seehofer 's trip carried no official weight . 
  but hugging a leader whom mrs merkel treats warily further confused germany 's muddled `` eastern policy '' , or ostpolitik . 
  the term dates back to the rapprochement with the communist bloc begun in 1969 by willy brandt , west germany 's first social democratic chancellor . 
  it set in motion the normalisation of relations with east germany and other warsaw pact nations , as well as easing tensions with the soviet union . 
  today social democrats still credit ostpolitik for the eventual fall of the berlin wall . 
  after german reunification , which required soviet blessing , the conciliatory spirit spread to the centre-right christian democrats , led today by mrs merkel . 
  it has also spawned the notion of russlandversteher ( `` russia-understanders '' ) , germans who mix sympathy for russia with antipathy for america . 
  the chancellor suspended her belief in ostpolitik 's underlying principle of `` change through rapprochement '' after mr putin seized crimea and sent russian troops to back separatists in ukraine . 
  she has orchestrated a firm european response that combines tough economic sanctions with dialogue to avoid further escalation . 
  but a ten-minute taxi ride away from mrs merkel 's office , in germany 's foreign ministry , the old ostpolitik lives on . 
  frank-walter steinmeier , the foreign minister , is a social democrat . 
  he was also chief of staff for gerhard schr\u00f6der , the social democrats ' last chancellor . 
  after losing to mrs merkel in 2005 mr schr\u00f6der , a friend of mr putin , became chairman of the board of nord stream , a german-russian pipeline that carries russian gas under the baltic sea to germany . 
  today mr steinmeier reliably plays dove to mrs merkel 's hawk . 
  social democratic fingerprints are all over plans for a second baltic pipeline , nord stream 2 , which is to be built even though the existing one is operating at only half capacity . 
  a deal between russia and germany was announced in moscow last autumn by sigmar gabriel , the economics minister and the social democrats ' boss . 
  nord stream 2 has few friends outside russia and the social democrats . 
  poland , slovakia and the baltic countries are aghast at what they see as a sinister pact to boost german business at the expense of their energy security . 
  russia could junk its pipelines that run through poland and ukraine , leaving them gas-strapped and at the mercy of powerful ( and historically unfriendly ) neighbours . 
  the european commission sees it similarly . 
  in 2014 it blocked another pipeline project , under which russian gas was to run through the black sea and central europe . 
  america , worried that nord stream 2 would deprive ukraine of transit fees , is also opposed . 
  so are many germans . 
  norbert r\u00f6ttgen , a christian democrat who leads parliament 's foreign-policy committee , finds the government 's line that nord stream 2 is a commercial , not a geopolitical , matter `` indefensible '' . 
  no doubt this formulation has been forced on mrs merkel to keep the peace with her social democratic coalition partners . 
  but mr r\u00f6ttgen says that germany 's interests -- be it energy independence from russia or solidarity with the eu -- would be better served by opposing nord stream 2 . 
  germany 's relations with poland and hungary are already troubled by nationalist governments there . 
  by clinging to an ostpolitik focused on russia , the social democrats are rendering relations with the wider east increasingly fraught . 
  that 's all well and good , but we 're talking about this in a brexit thread . 
  if the states could n't leave , there could n't be a brexit and you would n't have a thread to argue in . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  now i feel stupid . 
   pro-eu campaign still holds a twenty per cent lead over its rivals , according to new polling from tns, 
   absurd conspiracy theory you say that in the post-snowden world ... 
  notably saudi arabia is not one of the supporting opec states . 
  happy cakeday ,, 
  source ? 
  yeah , as i said , some people do like a good old circlejerk . 
  do n't worry , it will get old . 
  though if politics is involved it might not get old - just ugly . 
   it used to be a subreddit about europe but it has become a subreddit for europe ( paraphrasing ) . 
  it used to be for europe more than it is today . 
  it is for the lowest common denominator if it 's * for * anything these days . 
  it 's a circlejerk really . 
  hate to be the one who says it because i used to roll my eyes in my first one or two years here on reddit when someone ssaid it : once a sub goes default it goes to shit . 
  you start to see the patterns after a while . 
  then again a lot of people like a good cirlcejerk - hell , that 's the reason they are formed . 
  anyhow , the only exception to the default-causes-subs-to-go-full-retard rule are places like / r/askscience , but they use * heavy * moderation , so ... 
  if / r/europe is your main source of news about the continent , you are screwed . 
  could you stop bothering me though ? 
  i told you at least three times that you are being weirdly obsessive . 
  it is unbecoming . 
  i 'm not enabling you in this . 
  you can have the last word if you want , but these kinds of conversations directed at me from you will stop , i 'll not participate in them . 
  here you go off on your pseudo-intellectually veiled personal attacks again . 
  stop bothering me . 
  well , your past behaviour does n't reflect what you say , but i do hope your future beaviour will . 
  ( and your filters might be a bit off - i 'm a centrist mostly . 
  but that happens when you stereotype people into belonging to only a few camps . 
  but feel free to think what you want of me , i do n't have need for you stamp of approval , nor time to debate it with you . 
  i do have a preference to be free of undue harassment though . ), 
  are you obsessed with me or something ? 
  i do n't remember you besides another thread where i was talking about something and you came in with personally targeted stuff out of the blue . 
  it seemed weirdly offputting even back then . 
  stop being weird . 
   yeah , right ... the top level comments here are purely descriptive and answered op 's question . 
  yet you decided to start bickering . 
  yeah , this thread is like a breath of fresh air in this sub . 
  welcome ~ ~ and have fun ~ ~ try to avoid having a stroke . 
  thanks for your time and effort . 
  does this amnesty mean that dragnea will avoid the prosecution that threatened to turn his suspended prison sentence into an actual one ? 
  and that he is now eligible to be pm ? 
  do n't you know that in trump 's america alternative facts are the marching order ? 
  ah yes , politicians are never corrupt .
