  i will put it simply : wealth flowed to europe from exploited colonies from the 1500s onwards . 
  particularily to britain which traded heavily with the hansa are and the netherlands and thus the wealth was shared . 
  a few centuries after that as the wealth acclimated in the society the industrial revolution started - first in britain and than in the other aforementioned areas as well . 
  in the meanwhile wealth form the colonie flowed to europe to fund the upkeep and supply capital . 
  this required the colonies economies to be decimated . 
  india , for example , which was the equal of europe in about 1500 in economic output per capita found her textile and other industries destroyed so it could serve as a market for british textile . 
  in the meanwhile britain traded with germany both in wealth and in ideas . 
  this was so much a recipe for success that when the german nation finally managed to unnite , the first thing they looked for were colonies of their own - they followed the only succesful continental model . 
  this even led in part to wwi . 
  if it was my job i would actually take it seriously . 
  as it is , i only point out about half of the blatant ones i see while browsing the sub as i 'm normally wont to do . 
  i tend to get called bad things by these 0-day accounts - they really tend to take umbrage at being called out , but cultist is a first and you seem genuinely disturbed and a main acccount . 
  i 'm sorry , i really wish we were n't so inundiated with these kind of people . 
  but my username was not intended to be taken literally - i 'm not staying mute just because some people have found a way to double or triple their voice . 
  i think your experience is n't the perfect stanard for all of us to base our policies on . 
  ah , it is always fun when you can exactly pinpoint where you are on [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ns7nw6v.jpg ) handy diagram . 
  [ we are here . 
  i never did rummage through anyone 's account . 
  it really is not necessary actually . 
  if someone has an agenda to push it will show in their first 20 posts or so , which is what i look at - the first page of the username link . 
  and i only do that when someone has a pretty new account . 
  it 's not like i have n't talked yesterday with a 0-day account who got angry at me for suggesting they migth be a alt/sockpuppet then later went on to remind me of a conversation we had in an earlier thread weeks ago . 
  i still do n't know what he/she was referencing because when i asked for a link i was refused . 
  i really wish i did n't had to bother , but apparently a sub with 400000 subscribers makes for an awfully tempting propaganda channel and some people just ca n't let it be . 
  my fellow redditors and i do n't like other fellow redditors and not-so-redditors distorting the flow of info here by making account after account and pushing agendas . 
  i find that creepy really . 
  i remember when this place did n't have the express attention of / r/european yet . 
  so say your piece and downvote if you want , but stopping agendas from being pushed is necessary . 
  at least making an effort to do so , so i can have a clear conscience . 
  you are arguing with a 1 day old sockpuppet . 
   wealth of the european nations was a long process and was built on the exploitation of africa , the americas and asia . 
  did we not have an argument whether looking for sockpuppets is thought policing or not ? 
  are you forbidding me ? 
  you may have misunderstood what the conversation is about in this thread . 
  the argument is on whether looking for sockpuppets is thought policing or not . 
  in that context looking for sockpuppets is valid and necessary in the course of the argument - arguing that it is n't is a fallacy fallacy though . 
  i mean if i were to make an alt account , i would post a little bit here and there to make it look real . 
  especially after having been schooled in the sockpuppet school of this summers / r/europe drama . 
   sorry if i came on too strong with my original post , but i just fell that it is wrong to dismiss an opinion just because of the person who said it . 
  theres probably even an latin name for that . 
  no problem . 
  the term you are looking for is [ * argumentum ad logicam * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_fallacy ) , i believe . 
   for your information i got a lot of my negative karma for speaking up in / r/fatpeoplehate https://i.imgur.com/1vgl3fp.gifv, 
  maybe . 
  or a clean alt account of someone who likes to frequent / r/european , like our op here . 
  considering the timing of the creation of your account ( just as this drama was causing quite the brouhaha over here ) , it is not very likely that you are just a new user . 
  but everyone can draw their own conclusions . 
   redditor for 29 days thanks for illustrating my point . 
  nah , i am here to enjoy this sub ( i have over a 1000 comments in it ) . 
  but when i see someone posting something related to an agenda i hover over their accounts . 
  some have very limited history and age , others have very little karma - like yours . 
  should that be so , i click on your username and see how you got your ( lack of ) karma . 
  it seems that you are either very inactive , or this is an alt ( who would post on their main on / r/candidfashionpolice , the sub created to fly under the radar after / r/creepshots was banned ? ) . 
  since you are not an established user of the community and we are being brigaded this seems normal procedure at this point to me and a lot of other users . 
  so , you see , i 'm not though policing . 
  i 'm looking for newcomers and sockpuppets who push an agenda , since that 's against the sub 's rules . 
  yeah i knew that ( arthur koestler 's autobiography is a great book ) . 
  it just seemed nonsensical for him to use that analogy . 
  you will either leave ship with the rest of us should this sub go the way of / r/worldnews or worse or celebrate your new stomping ground just before it gets puled from the defaults - it all just depends on whether you are naive or a bigot . 
  or maybe the agenda pushing will actually be contained . 
  by the way do you think any of this is untrue about op ? 
   redditor for 1 month  only posts about migrants, 
  you are not fond of the liberal position on migrants iirc , so there should be some bias there , just want to throw that out in the open as it were . 
  to the main topic : because of the insidious and perplexing nature of brigading - proof , without direct access to reddit 's databases is hard to find . 
  it tends to be more of a grassroots effort these days , which is one of the reasons i find it funny that i 'm accused of seeing shadowy organizations pulling strings etc. 
  that article ( on a site with the readership of ten thousands ) was a lucky catch and i do n't think it was necesssarily even responsible for the new accounts popping up like so many mushrooms in the rain . 
  that said , when just as the drama started , a whole slew of zero day accounts started to argue diligently for one side with no contributions to reddit other than to bigoted subs most of the time , it made me wonder why that was happening . 
  i personally think this ` brigading ' manifests itself in the way social media mostly does these days - by word of mouth/share/upvote . 
  still , it 's brought outsiders - who heavily favoured just one side - into the mix here which made intelligent debate almost meaningless to attempt . 
  ( by the way i 'm sorry about the flowery language . 
  i 've futilely tried to give up on debate for tonight and immersed myself in the great novel , * jonathan strange & mr norrell * by susanna clarke and that combined with a glass of wine had this effect on my writing . ), 
  even in the middle of this argument you should be able see that you are overzealous in your attempt to paint me as a conspiracy nut . 
  if not , then read this over after a night of sleep . 
  it does wonders for perspective - at least that 's what i normally experience . 
  it might work for you too . 
  umm , this is really not conspiracy theory level material . 
  you should have stuck with  quite sad , i 'm pretty sure he might think brigaders caused 9/11 . 
  that 's more like the kind of stuff you were going for . 
   obviously , we who oppose certain things such as mass immigrations are part of an evil organisation out to destroy the world . 
  nope . 
  but a lot of you tend to have associations you would rather not show ( / r/coontown , / r/european ) , or posts in other places that are either overtly or covertly racist/bigoted and you do n't like to be called out on that . 
  so some of you create new accounts . 
  some of you just start calling people paranoid if they mention that awkward post on / r/european . 
  ( also , i personally favor nyarlathotep over cthulhu . ), 
  #jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams !!!, 
  but seriously , could you please stop with this ` ooh he looked at my account age he must be a schizo ' - bit ? 
  i think i 'm not the one who 's obsessed with people here . 
  this is reddit . 
  that means , that unlike irl , where you look at someone to get a first impression while they are speaking to you , you hover over their username . 
  irl i can see if you are a few months old . 
  on reddit i can see if your account is a few months old . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
  if you want complete anonymity ( and real nutters to interact with ) go to 4chan . 
  they have both in droves . 
  ooh , i remember you !, 
  you are the guy/gal who told me that they are using a brand new account for migrant-related stuff at the beginning of this debacle because they do n't want their original account and posts looked at . 
  i think i 've got a clue what kind of posts those are . 
  overtly racist . 
   redditor for 1 month  only posts about migrants it ~ ~ begins ~ ~ resumes . 
  i have over a thousand comments in this subreddit .
