  in zweig 's time , he added , liberals gave up `` virtually without a fight , even though they had all the cards '' . 
  old-timers in brussels lament the lack of vision among today 's crop of leaders , as if a transplanted kohl , mitterrand or delors would be enough to restore europe to health . 
  but it is not only politicians whose memories of the 1940s are fading . 
  by rendering war among its members unimaginable , the eu has undercut its own support . 
  without such an animating mission , some question the sacrifices of sovereignty that eu membership demands . 
  the crises of recent years provide one answer . 
  although some of the eu 's woes can be traced to mistakes of its own making -- the integration by stealth that sometimes treated voters as inconvenient , or the design flaws of the single currency -- others came from outside and called for a co-ordinated reaction . 
  without the eu , the russian threat would loom much larger and squabbling governments would have struggled even more to respond to the migration crisis . 
  problems like climate change and terrorism demand joint management . 
  for all the eu 's missteps , europe 's problems would be harder to solve in its absence . 
  beware of pity zweig 's message is doubly seductive . 
  his insistence on the pendulum-like nature of european history , swinging back and forth over centuries between prickly tribalism and the craving for co-operation , reassures the fearful that today 's disunity may prove temporary . 
  his attacks on the small-minded politicians of his age satisfies the disdain in which contemporary pro-europeans hold their leaders . 
  `` the european idea '' , zweig wrote , is `` the slow-ripened fruit of a more elevated way of thinking . '' plenty in brussels find this supercilious thought admirable . 
  but as zweig acknowledged , a supranational club can never command the affection of citizens as a nation can . 
  his own remedy -- a rotating european capital with events and festivities to ape national spectacles -- eventually came to pass , albeit in diluted form . 
  but the european capital of culture , alas , has not yet lifted europeans to the state of elevated consciousness zweig hoped for . 
  the enduring tug of national allegiance still provides the best means to mobilise europeans to action . 
  if those who dream of a federal european superstate , as zweig did , have lost the argument , better to work with the grain of national politics than to rue the idiocy of those who won . 
  ten years ago the danger for europe was of courtly decline into irrelevance . 
  since then the tempo of events has quickened and the risk of disintegration deepened . 
  the eu , that most peculiar of institutions , has not yet worked out how to leaven the need for a central authority with the democratic energy of nation-states . 
  today 's emergencies make the task more pressing . 
  but the challenges in today 's rich , free , democratic and largely peaceful europe are not those of the 1930s . 
  zweig began `` the world of yesterday '' with a suggestion from shakespeare : `` meet the time as it seeks us . '' on that , at least , he had a point . 
   demonized him beyond recognition they just repeated what he said . 
   i could shoot a man on fith ave and win . 
   grab them by the pussy !, 
  there was really no need for demonisation . 
  indeed . 
  and they have brought out the big guns this time . 
  i fear thta this is to be the natural order of things with russia . 
  does it ? 
  i 'm going by this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5lga1x/riot_in_e%c5%82k_poland_after_death_of_21_year_old/dbvf253/, 
  yes , as you are cleverly insinuating , we are talking about * all * muslims here , not the specific four who had had a minibomb thrown into their business . 
  no-one should have been stabbed . 
  and no-one should have tried to light a business on fire . 
  we had a kebab-place knife incident here in hungary a few years back when a drunk customer did n't get service , started a fight a found out it 's not a good idea to do that when your potential enemy has a big-ass knife in his hand . 
  there were no race riots though even though the man was arab . 
  the police arrested him and the judge put him away for a long time . 
  like it 's supposed to happen in a civilized society . 
  dunno , we definitely had them here in hungary before the eu accession . 
  http://i.imgur.com/suqne8u.png it looks about the same as not-so-homogeneous germany and france and worse than austria with its hundreds of thousands of gastarbeiter or spain with all those latin americans and arabs . 
  it seems as though you forgot that the guy who got stabbed started it . 
  fireworks can be quite dangerous in enclosed spaces , especially big ones that tend to crop up this time of year . 
  do n't throw gunpowder with a lit fuse into an enclosed place lest it 's taken as an attack . 
  because it is . 
   left america mostly because i was sick and tired of being surrounded by non-white people . 
  and i see the future for white people in america as dire , and fading . 
  it 's funny how people do n't learn from history . 
  you are of polish stock ? 
  white people wanted to either exterminate or enslave your people a few decades ago . 
  you think it 's about skin color ? 
  germans and poles have the same . 
  it 's about ideology . 
  and your [ dog whistle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog-whistle_politics ) comment shows that your ideology has more in common with the people who wanted to erase poland from the map than it would be comfortable for you to think about . 
  i know it 's not black and white ( no pun intended ) , it 's a sliding scale . 
  but if you made your biggest life decision and moved to another continent because you could n't bear the thought of living amongst people who look different than you then there is not much else to say . 
  you are what you are and if i were you i would think hard on why you are what you are . 
  ( not that i care about you , but i do care about the europe and i do n't want to see people who use their emotions and energies in negative ways bring us down . ), 
  like with hofer ? 
  turkey is not nato 's most reliable member these days . 
  the whole rapprochement process with russia worries me . 
  why is that ? 
  bsing about relatively simple technical terms - check . 
  disregarding any piec of info that disproves or disputes your agenda - check . 
  random piece of local news to show how ** everything ** is falling apart - check . 
  personal insults - check . 
  confirmation bias out of the wazoo - check . 
  thinking being puppeted by/living in an actual totalitarian dictatorship with an endorsed ethnic group and an actual state ~ ~ ( atheism / ) ~ ~ religion ( plus ca change ) is better than dealing with our problems on our own terms - check . 
  you are either a * true believer * , or the readers of our little conversation are being astroturfed to hell , dude . 
  either way , i 'll leave you to it . 
  have the last word ~ ~ ( prepaired talking point ) ~ ~ , i 'm going to sleep . 
   you dont know about mobile phones ? 
  i actually do . 
  and you wo n't ` join an ip ' ( please stop bullshitting transparently ) from a cell phone , you get assigned a normal ip from your provider . 
  or from a hotspot . 
  which are still not shadowbanned things . 
  unless maybe 20 accounts downvoted the same specific thing following the same link from the same hotspot in 2 minutes maybe ? 
  just spitballing here . 
  cause i used public hotspots with reddit and no shadowban . 
  then again i never did brigade/harass/dox / etc. 
   and you 're dodging the issue no , you tried to make it  demographic . 
  change . 
  will . 
  permanently . 
  worsen . 
  the . 
  continent . 
  way . 
  russian . 
  influence . 
  can not . 
  by saying hungary is going to become lebanon 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  which - as i explained at length - is preposterous . 
  and i think not anyway . 
  russian influence tends to look pretty bad from a hungarian dude 's perspective who has a parent who lost a tenured position at the top hungarian unviersity for being part of the democratic opposition in the '80s . 
  you know , saying stuff like ` people should vote ' and ` we do n't want russian soldiers in hungary ' . 
  dealing with people who have different skin colour or religion is surely worse than being the puppet state of a dictatorship . 
  i 'm sure france would n't be one thogh , they would just see a general decline of living standards ( and the social unrest that comes with it ) from having isolationist policies .
