  this kind of escalation is what i 'm afraid of . 
  what a shitty thing to do !, 
  when did this happen ? 
  might be that sd 's rise is letting assholes feel more comfortable being assholes in the public ,, 
  some people did n't like it , some people did . 
  the drama was n't one-sided . 
  also it was n't implemented well . 
   yeah , strictly speaking sex only served as a means for procreation , and not for relaxation or pleasure . 
  that 's not so . 
  the original purpose of sex when it evolved millions of years ago was that , but lots of different animals use it for other things too . 
  especially social animals . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bonobo#sexual_social_behavior  sexual activity generally plays a major role in bonobo society , being used as what some scientists perceive as a greeting , a means of forming social bonds , a means of conflict resolution , and postconflict reconciliation . 
  human sexuality has quite versatile uses for us as a social species too . 
  hunter-gatherer cultures ( the original evolutionary evironment ) do n't default to homophobia as a rule or even in majority actually . 
  sexual orientation as defined by the current global culture is not a universal charateristic or basis for self-identification : if you asked an ancient roman whether they were gay they would look at you weirdly and not quite understand the importance you gave to the question . 
   unless heavily moderated , which / r/europe [ 2 ] does n't want speak for yourself . 
  i 'm getting tired of paces going to shit when they hit a certain size . 
  political forums especially and this one is brigaded atm so it 's even worse . 
  ah , the original creator of this masterpiece  . 
  it really is self-fulfilling sometimes . 
  nope , you can go into his history and bring forth the evidence about his muslimness if you can , there are no rules against it either on the subreddit or on reddit ( of course doxxing is going to get you banned , but proving he is muslim should n't need for you to look for his name or anything ) . 
  though i 'm starting to think that such evidence only exists in your head . 
  / u/theskynet was a muslim ? 
  i never heard that before and believe me i read a lot of butthurt about him from far-right users so it should have come up . 
   political muslim ... what ? 
  btw here is a primer on about 95 % of the discussion of immigration in this sub so you do n't feel left out : https://i.imgur.com/ns7nw6v.jpg . 
  terrific self-critique . 
  what do the polls show ? 
  are there any that account for a possible/likely splinetring of syryza and show the radicals as aseparate group as well ? 
  no , i think those people are very interesting . 
  though your interpretation works too in fact . 
  in denmark maybe . 
  in the other parts of the world no . 
  just downloading it as we speak . 
  me too , thanks . 
  for contrast : here in hungary everybody torrents and no one gets into trouble for it . 
  itt : interesting people arguing that hate speech laws should n't exist . 
  despite the fact that in this particular instance the hate speech that led to conviction was an incitement to violence against millions . 
  yeah , some people just ca n't deal with awesome  . 
   redditor since : 2015-08-20 ( 0 days ) thanks for fucking with my motherland 's national holiday . 
  it 's easier to see clearly from the outside . 
  [ more images . 
   what the actual fuck ? 
  so we should only respect human rights and international law when it is convenient ? 
  have you not studied history ? 
  that 's what people tend to do . 
  here in europe we like to say that we are above that , but a sizeable portion would rather like to go back on that . 
  nationalism originated on this continent after all . 
  i do szabli , i do szklanki . 
  you are arguing with a 1-day old account . 
  i 'd venture to guess it 's an alt or a sockpuppet . 
  of course i might be wrong too . 
  you would make a good advisor for orb\u00e1n . 
   there 's nothing that objectively makes catalonia more different than any all other region of spain , period . 
  i 'm going to go back and say that having their own language as opposed to a castillian dialect makes the catalans , basques and galicians quite different from all other regions . 
  fences solve all problems . 
   i am tempted to say that neither of them propose actual solutions but use the issue as a purely ideological battlefield . 
  that 's frighteningly frequent in europe lately . 
  the same situation applies in hungary . 
  it 's not working that well in hungary . 
  scottish referendum ? 
  next one to come up at/after the eu referendum maybe ? 
  i actually considered whether to include them or not , but i thought my spanish co-commenters here might be distressed by their mention . 
  the eu is made up of nation states ( belgium notwithstanding ) . 
  those places have different nations living in them than spanish . 
  well , maybe if podemos were n't so ... podemos , they could do some good . 
   catalans are just as plural and diverse than the rest of spanish nations and regions . 
  a bit more . 
  catalunya , the basques and galicia are quite different then the other regions . 
  but you fuck horses !, 
   and yes , i am making this about you . 
  good for you . 
  i 'll leave you to it then . 
  edit :  bigotry ? 
  maybe . 
  but there 's no smoke without a fire . 
  khm . 
  you are really making this about me . 
  cultist yesterday , scientologist today ? 
  i wonder what will you escalate to in your next comment . 
  it is n't about me or about you . 
  there are a lot of sockpuppets hanging out around here lately and they push migration topics with a ( n ) ( un ) healthy dash of bigotry . 
  it 's about them . 
  i for one do n't like to call them out , in part because of the consistently negative emotions/reactions they have and communicate towards me when i do . 
  i , like you , or any other normal people basically , do n't like being accused of being a cultist . 
  still , when people see someone vandalizing their neighbourhood , they stop the destruction if they can or at least try to involve others to do so . 
  i 'm of course not the only user here who cares about this . 
  / r/europe is where i comment on reddit the most and this topic is what 's being brigaded atm . 
  i do n't see many alts or sockpuppets on / r/printsf and / r/legaladvice - my other current favourite hangouts ( well , in legaladvice there are a lot of crazies , but they do n't align themselves with any one agenda normally and the mods do a good job of mopping them up anyway ) . 
  if those places were brigaded i would call out those accounts too . 
  aah , i thought you deleted the username . 
  instead it was the post . 
  how silly of me . 
  this one is 13 days old too . 
  you make them in a batch ? 
  redditor since : 2015-08-05 ( 13 days ), 
   redditor since : 2015-08-01 ( 17 days ) oh come on , you are just being ridiculous at this point . 
   \\ #grandinquisition 2015 for this i award you 1000000000000000 million hyperbole points . 
  i have experiences indicating otherwise . 
  if you have data indicating otherwise , please share,
