  that is possible in theory , but as our briefing ( see briefing ) explains , it is not how things would work in practice . 
  at a minimum , the eu would allow full access to its single market only in return for adherence to rules that eurosceptics are keen to jettison . 
  if norway and switzerland ( whose arrangements with the eu many brexiters idolise ) are a guide , the union would also demand the free movement of people and a big payment to its budget before allowing unfettered access to the market . 
  worse , the eu would have a strong incentive to impose a harsh settlement to discourage other countries from leaving . 
  the brexit camp 's claim that europe needs britain more than the other way round is fanciful : the eu takes almost half britain 's exports , whereas britain takes less than 10 % of the eu 's ; and the british trade deficit is mostly with the germans and spanish , not with the other 25 countries that would have to agree on a new trade deal . 
  to some eurosceptics these hardships would be worth it if they meant reclaiming sovereignty from europe , whose bureaucrats and judges interfere with everything from bankers ' bonuses to working-time limits . 
  yet the gain would be partly illusory . 
  in a globalised world , power is necessarily pooled and traded : britain gives up sovereignty in exchange for clout through its memberships of nato , the imf and countless other power-sharing , rule-setting institutions . 
  signing up to treaties on trade , nuclear power or the environment involves submitting to regulations set jointly with foreigners , in return for greater gains . 
  britain outside the eu would be on the sidelines : notionally independent from , but in fact still constrained by , rules it would have no role in formulating . 
  it would be a purer but rather powerless sort of sovereignty . 
  one exception is immigration , the area over which many eurosceptics most long for control . 
  half of britain 's migrants come from the eu , and there is little the government can do to stop them . 
  if britain left the union , it could . 
  but doing so would have a double cost . 
  gaining the right to stop immigration from the eu would almost certainly mean losing full access to the single market . 
  and reducing the numbers of immigrants would hurt britain 's businesses and public services , which rely on french bankers , bulgarian builders and italian doctors . 
  a global concern the longer-term costs would go beyond economics . 
  brexit might well break up the united kingdom itself . 
  scotland , more europhile than england , is again agitating for a divorce ; if britain decides to leave europe , then the scots may at last have a point . 
  brexit could also dangerously unsettle northern ireland , where the peace process over two decades has depended on the fact that both ireland and britain are members of the eu . 
  the irish government is among the most vocal foreign supporters of the campaign for britain to stay in . 
  ireland is not the only country that would suffer . 
  european leaders know brexit would weaken a club already in deep trouble over such issues as migration and the euro crisis . 
  and europe would be poorer without britain 's voice : more dominated by germany ; and , surely , less liberal , more protectionist and more inward-looking . 
  europe 's links to america would become more tenuous . 
  above all , the loss of its biggest military power and most significant foreign-policy actor would seriously weaken the eu in the world . 
  the eu has become an increasingly important part of the west 's foreign and security policy , whether it concerns a nuclear deal with iran , the threat of islamist terrorism or the imposition of sanctions against russia . 
  without britain , it would be harder for the eu to pull its global weight -- a big loss to the west in a troubled neighbourhood , from russia through syria to north africa . 
  it is little wonder that russia 's vladimir putin is keen on brexit -- and that america 's barack obama is not . 
  it would be shortsighted for eurosceptics to be indifferent to this . 
  a weakened europe would be unambiguously bad for britain , whose geography , unlike its politics , is fixed . 
  a lot thus rests on the tight race now under way . 
  for those who believe , as this newspaper does , in free trade and freedom of movement , the benefits to britain of its membership of the eu have never been in much doubt . 
  what more sceptical sorts must now recognise is that brexit would also weaken europe and the west . 
  the stakes in mr cameron 's great gamble are high ; should he fail , the losses would be widely felt . 
  zeman would know . 
  he even gets drunk on state functions . 
  and not just tipsy , falling-down drunk . 
  https://youtu.be/apxdt9lcyxk?t=16 https://youtu.be/0gvmcwvcogc?t=63, 
  yeah , he actually managed to look like the only mature adult in the room . 
  out of context quotes lead to misinformation . 
  it 's fitting how your schizoid syntax and weird obsession with all things gay is apparently the best answer this place can offer to the far-right creep this video represents . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tommy_robinson_ ( activist ), 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://adolflachman.cz/content/wp-content/uploads/snickers_21.jpg ), 
  take it easy . 
  but then ... how did you make * this * joke ? 
  * head explodes *, 
   lesin was found dead on november 5 , 2015 , in the dupont circle hotel in washington , d.c. [ 16 ] rt reported the next day that the cause of death was a heart attack . 
  [ 27 ] washington 's metropolitan police department opened a `` death investigation '' . 
  [ 5 ] an autopsy had been conducted , but according to beverly fields , the washington , d.c. medical examiner public information officer , no ruling about the cause of death will be made until sometime in 2016 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_lesin#death, 
   kamayev , who quit as executive director of russia 's anti-doping agency ( rusada ) two months ago , died last weekend at the age of 52 . 
   a taas news agency report said it appeared his death was caused by a heart attack . 
  are you being intentionally dense ? 
  wow . 
  putin 's russia is the antithesis of democracy . 
  no wonder after [ this ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/02/15/inenglish/1455547524_271299.html ) . 
  there is a vuvuzela !, 
  i feel like this may become a trend . 
  government databases about people 's data ( and activities later ) seized by hackers and released for ` street cred ' , ` lulz ' , or whatever . 
  this can be a dark road ... edit : words . 
  paywalled article , copy follows : *** in the coming months , britain will make a momentous decision : whether to stay in the european union or leave and go it alone . 
  the outcome will have a long and lasting impact , on the jobs and living standards of british citizens , on the fortunes of many global companies , and on the u.k. 's influence across the world . 
  similar concerns were at play more than a decade ago when the u.k. decided to stay out of the single european currency . 
  not adopting the euro was the right decision then . 
  staying in the eu would be the right decision today . 
  to the outsider the referendum must seem like madness . 
  with the global economy in a perilous state , why choose such an inauspicious time to put britain 's most important trading relationship up in the air ? 
  the reality is that prime minister david cameron never wanted this referendum ; i joined him in the house of commons voting against such a move only five years ago . 
  but he was forced to change his mind to shore up his right-wing base -- successfully as it turned out -- before last year 's election . 
  there are two central issues at work in this matter . 
  the first is the woeful failure of the european single currency , alongside britain 's refusal in 2003 to join it , which accentuated the divide between britain and the continent . 
  as the eurozone lurches from crisis to crisis , many british voters understandably -- but wrongly -- think britain would be better off leaving the eu entirely . 
  but there is a second , bigger problem . 
  originally , the european project was conceived as a means to ensure security and prosperity in western europe , a nonaggression pact and a free-trade economic area . 
  two things have changed . 
  first , the eu has been transformed from a small club to a continent-wide economic partnership . 
  and free trade in goods and capital has been matched by the free movement of labor on a scale totally unanticipated by the eu 's founding fathers . 
  in britain , the scale of migration by east european workers seeking jobs across the english channel has been the biggest driver of anti-eu sentiment by far . 
  and the current refugee chaos is pouring fuel on that fire . 
  mr. cameron recently has been bargaining to renegotiate aspects of britain 's membership , aiming to use the concessions to bolster his campaign for staying in . 
  while he has achieved the helpful goal of limiting benefits paid to migrant workers , europe 's leaders have shown no interest in revisiting the rules on free movement of labor . 
  but i believe it is just a matter of time before they do . 
  if europe does not eventually agree to restore borders and impose controls on economic migration , the initiative will pass to populist forces on the far left and right whose aims are not to manage globalization fairly , but to exploit prejudice and rig markets in favor of homegrown producers . 
  those necessary eu changes will not come quickly enough for britain 's referendum , but that is all the more reason why britain must retain its influence in europe to fight and win these arguments in the years to come . 
  which brings me back to britain 's original decision not to join the euro . 
  twenty years ago , just before tony blair 's government took office , i was struck by how often the `` influence '' argument was put to me by american colleagues . 
  yes , they said , the single currency is a risky project -- but surely britain would be better able to influence it from the inside than by staying out . 
  i agreed with them that protecting britain 's influence was paramount , but i reached the opposite conclusion about the euro . 
  i believed that britain 's influence depended ultimately on its economic prosperity , and that if joining the single currency crippled that prosperity , british influence would wither away as well . 
  that was why i spent the next seven years working hard to ensure we stayed out . 
  by contrast , in the current debate on britain 's eu membership , that same trade-off between having a seat at the table and risking economic prosperity does n't exist . 
  in fact , the reverse is true . 
  leaving the eu would both weaken britain 's voice on the big global issues and damage the nation 's economy . 
  with half of u.k. trade tied up in europe , and many u.s. and asian multinationals currently basing their european headquarters in london , walking away now would cost us investment , jobs and income , as well as influence . 
  so unlike the decision to stay out of the euro , we would both be worse off economically and marginalized politically if we choose to leave the eu . 
  the ability of the british government to help reform the world economy , tackle security threats , promote good corporate behavior , and manage globalization and migration fairly would be set back at just the time we need a strong u.k. voice on all those matters . 
  that 's why britain must stay in . 
  because if you only have one culture ( the former majority ) than you do n't have any minorities .
