  nope . 
  but 17 days old is right in the middle of this drama . 
  use your main account if you have one . 
  this one lacks credibility . 
  says someone who is new here to someone has been posting here for a long time ? 
  the megathread idea was n't stupid , it was just badly implemented . 
  or we could set aside a few days of the week for immigration discussion like they do on some other subreddits with flooding topics . 
  how could you mix that up ? 
   in short : germany must retake its leading position in basic scientific research !, 
  the max planck society is doing a pretty good job . 
  the neanderthal and denisovan dnas were sequenced in leipzig for example !, 
  relevant username . 
  we do n't negotiate with terrorists . 
  it really is frightening just how much these supposed defenders of europe resemble the worst possible version of those from whom they would defend us . 
  they have a lot of ugly emotions built up for some reason and want to find a way to channel it . 
  what 's sad is that they live in some of the most affluent and free parts of the world yet still ca n't find peace with themselves . 
  something we can agree on . 
  have a good one !, 
  fair enough . 
   you ca n't win . 
  but i just have . 
  ( sorry , i was ready to forget you again , but these two glasses of actually pretty good white wine got the best of me . ), 
  what of the blowback though ? 
  a party with a hierarchical structure and a membership of at most maybe what 20 thousand , if i 'm being generous is hardly comparable to a bitterly divided , vaguely defined and amourphous religion of more than 1 billion people with no unified leadership structure . 
  i. e. lega nord can and should censure racists and remove the stigma which is because of their small number is well-placed while otoh islam as a religion is not capable of acting in only one way but will always be amourphous . 
  stigmatizing a few thousand people who have the means to kick in bigots and are hierarchically organized - reasonable . 
  doing the same to more than one billion people who do n't have any such means - not at al reasonable . 
  that is the extent of your false equiation . 
  it 's simply a piece of disingeniousness designed to cover up an unpleasent complex truth through appealing to the baser instincts of people . 
  edit : spelling . 
  for shame . 
   two teenagers have been arrested [ 7 ] in kildare for a drive-by bicycle shooting . 
  how do you shoot someone while riding a bicycle ? 
  just how ? 
  2/10 stopped reading after first sentence . 
  be more original dude . 
  changing the topic when proven wrong by your own link ? 
  tsk-tsk . 
  i 'm done with you for now . 
  lol phivo : redditor since : 2015-06-11 ( 2 months and 13 days ) , combined karma 72 looking at your comments , you seem to be a troll . 
  go do that elsewhwere . 
  your link proves me right actually . 
  thanks . 
  the new entrance exams might as well have a question about setting up tor . 
  not for me !, 
  are you wearing condoms to fuck horses ? 
  if not , i 'm concerned for your health . 
  strike that , if you fuck horses , i 'm concerned for your health , period . 
  those fuckers can kick . 
  indeed . 
  there are a couple militant accounts who comment on every thread on the issue and some new alts pop up here and there , but that does n't make dclauzel isolated . 
  he is a good man doing a stressful job . 
  it would be a shame if mod witch-hunts were to become a mainstay here . 
  i come to / r/europe not fpr meta discussion , there 's srd for that . 
  but some people thrive on drama . 
  as long as you do n't prove otherwise i can only assume that the migrants are indeed more qualified than you expected them to be . 
  the data points in that direction . 
  the burden of proof rest on your capable shoulders . 
  i mean you think so many people are coming from the us and china that they would dwarf their contibution ? 
  while the drums are being beaten about their unfathomably huge and unprecedented numbers ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
   by the way , i tried looking , and i did n't find anything . 
  look harder . 
  please remain civil . 
  the relevant data is there , you just ca n't be bothered to get to it . 
  i would n't want to speculate as to why that is . 
  so show me something of relevance instead of trying to provoke me and derail the discussion , because i am very close to not considering this conversation to be worth my time as it is already . 
  i wish . 
   mr urban jr. . really ? 
  you guys should really have a rule against 0-day accounts submitting news in a heated topic . 
  this is not a one-off occurrence . 
  just saying out loud what a large number of your upvoters think . 
  or we can stop creating false dilemmas and do what people in the real world do , compromise . 
  neither a glorious white european empire or a puny brown people infested wreckage are likely to happen . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the information is good , it 's you who are - to be extremely generous - nitpicking . 
  i indulged you so far , but if the data does n't show what you want to see you shoot off hostile one-liners . 
  go dig up some data that is relevant or go home . 
  we are totally not brigaded . 
  look for the numbers of migrants from the different non eu areas as for me i 'm gon na sleep good night, 
  look for the numbers of migrants from the different non eu areas as for me i 'm gon na sleep, 
  i do n't know , bring me * juicy , juicy * statistics !, 
  i already have . 
  but i have found more statistics for you to nitpick over regardless : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/2/29/educational_attainment_level_of_non-eu_born_population_%28aged_25%e2%80%9354%29%2c_by_country%2c_2014.png / sigh, 
  but i 'm not wrong , you are just not willing to accept statistics . 
  bring your own if you want , we can play this out ... right until the ` can not agree on anything ' part , but i have done it quite a few times and with - no offense - better debaters than you . 
  so i tire of it a bit . 
  that diagram exists for a reason ( it was n't me who made it btw ) , it is tiring to see the same debate-paths go on over and over . 
  [ it * was * futile after all . 
  ] ( https://imgur.com/fsmgxeu ) why do n't we just jump to ` can not agree on anything ' ? 
  would save us both time . 
  so . . a voagon ? 
  why am i not surprised ... 
  though your story is interesting . 
  i do n't get you paranoid types . 
  if that is indeed what you are ?!, 
  dunh , dunh , dunh !, 
  why the archive.org domain ? 
  relevant username . 
   but what about those who spout the same shit despite being proven wrong ? 
  such as yourself ?
