  similar to the dismissive -- avoidant attachment style , people with a fearful -- avoidant attachment style seek less intimacy from partners and frequently suppress and deny their feelings . 
  because of this , they are much less comfortable expressing affection . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attachment_in_adults#insecure ) *** these are not made up words , rather scientific concepts studied rigorously for decades or in the case of attachment styles almost a century . 
  putting quatation marks around the word ` psychology ' is not an acceptable point to make in response to this paper . 
  i 'm just trying to imagine the context the two words would come up together so often . 
   we fucked so much that now we have babies \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  vulgar words tend to stay in the language for a long time . 
  though they sometimes change their meaning . 
  in hungarian we have ` picsa ' which means cunt but used to mean arse . 
  according to the main hungarian etymological dictionary it 's uralic in its origin ( so thousands of years old ) . 
  same goes for ` fasz ' ( dick ) , ` segg ' and ` valag ' ( arse ) , however actually ` baszni ' ( to fuck ) is an exeption . 
  it 's a turkish borrow from ottoman times , before that we used the more refined ^ ^ ^ / s ` gyakni ' apparently . 
   babys what now ? 
  i understand it 's either ` uck ' , ` hit ' or ` unt ' . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  it 's pretty easy to f *** something up . 
  yeah , no . 
  i changed it to ` fuck ' , because ... come on . 
  others have said it better : just because the guy was a criminal level shitstirrer it does n't mean he did n't manage to get some neonazis from the daily stormer to come over to reddit with his article ( not that there are n't enough here already ) . 
  he apparently managed to fan the flames in a lot of places on the net . 
  i 'm happy he 's gone . 
  and please stop pming me and username-baiting me . 
  trust nato to put the idea of a nuclear strike out of putin 's head . 
  good on feminists , period . 
  that is the europe we want to have . 
  i for one still trust the uk enough to want to see them as a nuclear power . 
  as the citizen of a nato member country , my point is not fully meaningless even . 
   seems more concerning than a stupid shirt . 
  indeed . 
  so why are we talking about it ? 
  there 's a real issue here and some clever guy comes and derails the conversation with some petty bs . 
  that 's shitty , but really not relevant here . 
  i mean i knew about it , but it did n't click at all for me . 
  some people have pet issues they always bring up , this may be one such case , i guess ? 
  you are your own worst enemy . 
  we painted together a picture of a man who was not averse to a little ethnic cleansing . 
  not a benevolent man at all . 
  it does n't matter whether his enemies were bad or not . 
  he was a pretty awful guy for what he did and condoned . 
  here i am , too tired to debate properly and you do my part for me . 
  just stunning . 
  anyway , quite the bitchy way to end a debate , but honestly , i do n't see too much of a loss in letting you go on your way . 
   a scientist . 
  what now ? 
  everyone else with nuclear weapons . 
  it 's the perverted logic of mad and while it looks ugly i 'm pretty sure we would have had a wwiii by now if not for those bombs threatening to make it a globbal suicide . 
   muslim massacres . 
   reuters has received from a _ greek source figures showing that in the spring of 1914 the turks deported 700,000 greeks , 500,000 of whom are ugw refugees in greece . 
  since the commencement of the war to tho end of 1917 tho turks deported 2,140,000 greeks and armenians . 
  of this num ber 900,000 greeks were massacred and 200,000 mobilised greeks were put to death or died of their sufferings . 
  a groat number of women and children were forcibly converted to islamism , and others wore killed or committed  suicide . 
  greek property taken by the  turks and germans is valued a4 8,000,000,000 francs . 
  you do realize what you 've linked , right ? 
  *** p. s. : something more topical . 
  http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/145986598 wednesday 20 january 1926  fate of the kurds . 
   turks start process of ` extermination . 
  having exterminated the armenian people and expelled the greeks from asia minor , . the turks have now set aflout an nihilating the kurds , ' so ' as ' to transform asia minor into an all-turkish , territory | and to secure the - triumph of the pan turkish idea . 
   in order to protect their existence against this ruthless policy ? 
  the kur.is some months ago rose in rebellion . 
  the turkish government answered with blood and ` iron against the whole kurdish popu - , ' lation . ', 
  several thousands massacred . 
  now the first phase of this fight - is settled . 
  turkish troops are occupying kurdish territory and the courts - martial are at work . 
  already more than 200 lead - , ers of ` the movement have been hanged , and several thousands of innocent men and women have been massacred , their homes being given up to plunder . 
  \u201e  but this does not mean that the kurdish revolutionaries have given up the cause ' of the liberation bf their people . 
  the rebels are continuing the fight in the anatolian mountains , and much more blood will flow there before the turkish government can - be master of the situa tion . 
  frightful atrocities . 
  the - persecutions against the kurds have since assumed forms which put the atrocities of the ` tchekas ' in the . 
  shade . 
  in order to get a grasp of what ` is hap pening now in kurdestari we extract some ; facts from an authentic report : ( a ) in karsan 90 kurdish . 
  peasants were compelled to rebuild. , a barracks . 
  after working day and night like slaves , under the lash , when the building was finished ' they were all taken to a pit , ' bayoneted and thrown down ! , ( b ) two hundred and thirty kurds of the sasa tribe were being taken to the town of diabekir under the direction of a turkish officer named temurbasch , in ' order to be given over to the court mar  tial there . 
  on the way they were all massacred with machine guns . 
  ( c ) in the district of siluan , 145 jkurds were brought together under the pretext of building a bridge over the tigris . 
  they had scarcely reached the river when they were all flung into the stream . 
  the same fate befell the 60 kurds who were to have erected a bridge over the euphrates . 
  ( d ) the village of koter ( on the diabe kir-martin road ) was seized by turkish soldiers because rebels were lodged there . 
  after the plundering of the village the in habitants were taken into a field , where the - women and girls were attacked be fore the eyes of all , and the men were shot down . 
  ( e ) the same fate was suffered by the village of ton , with the difference , how ever , that the village was set on fire and the women were banished to severeg . 
  , women and girls seized . 
   ( f ) the town of diarbekir - was the scene of atrocities which even - in the ` middle ages did not happen . 
  all schools , theatres ^ and other public establishments were , full of wo ` nien and girls who were taken there as hostages for the neighbor ing villagers . 
  anyone could choose . 
  after the prettiest had been selected some - of the others were abandoned to death ' , by starvation and the remainder were banished to distant provinces . 
  ( g ) in the same town about 1.500 sasa kurds were confined in the mosque aga djami . 
  of this number , 400 men . were shot by , command ' . of the authorities . 
  in the official report it was said that they had fallen viotims to , an explosion . 
  these short accounts show well enough that the present turkish ruler 's , ' in order to stifle at their birth the aspirations to wards liberation , of a suppressed people , are employing exactly ' the same methods as were formerly ` used by sultan abdul hamid and ' his successors , the so-called ` young * turks . ', 
  turkey has seemingly , become different , but its counterrevolu tionary character remains as before . 
  in order to influence public opinion abroad , the turkish government repre sents the fight of fche kurds as ' a rebellion against the deinocratic lay policy of the kemalist turks . 
  but indeed it is here  a question of a s revolutionary fight for national liberation ' from the yoke of a government which can see in the physical destruction of all non - . turkish peoples ` the oiily - . 
  remedy the state knows . 
  -- ` inter - national information ' ( london ) . 
  http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/151143251 http://trove.nla.gov.au/ndp/del/article/51116687, 
  i could n't agree more . 
  this guy is even to the far rigth of jobbik . 
  i 'm hoping troll honestly . 
  but a significant part of he croatian-serbian border is not the danube but a green border , like the serbian-hungarian one . 
  i wonder how prevalent the minefields still are , because this could easily end in tragedy . 
  read it , or stare at it .
