native hungarian , c2 english , ~ b1 german , ~ a2/b1 spanish, 
  that 's a bit sad to hear . 
  i knew that the situation here was better , but i had no idea the difference is this large . 
  indeed i do . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think i know anybody who ca n't speak english even a little . 
  i 'd say that it 's true most of the time , but not always . 
  for example , i ca n't think of anybody being emotional about a brick ( t\u00e9gla ) , but i 'd never describe them as `` piros '' . 
  i like it , especially on toast or with bananas . 
  he 's been saying similar bullshit in other threads here too , no idea why . 
  i know it 's not the point of the conversation , but saying that the mistreatment of minorities resulted in ww1 is at best a huge oversimplification of the events . 
  i 'm not saying that they were treated well ( though i 'm not sure if their status was any worse than , say , that of the czechs and poles in germany ) and that definitely contributed to the dissolution of a-h . 
  thanks for the info about the recent events , though !, 
  i can definitely see the promise of autonomy be used to gain some easy votes by politicians and the way the parties in hungary handle these issues probably hurts a lot more than it helps . 
  i 'd have to hear the opinions of people from the affected areas to be able to form an opinion whether autonomy would be necessary or not , but it does seem like there are more emotional/historical/cultural than political/econonic reasons for it . 
  how true the theory is in fact irrelevant , but bringing it up is just as much so . 
  i suspect we were taught a few things differently about the minorities ' status in a-h , with the truth probably being somewhere in between . 
  i 'm also not that well-versed in their current situation , though i 'm eager to learn , his argument was just bugging me . 
  why do you have to go straight to that bullshit theory about the origin of the romanian people instead of making a reasonable argument against this ? 
  you know , like pretty much every other poster . 
  it is true that google has stopped working on the aosp versions of several applications , but that does n't change that the os is still perfectly functional without them . 
  there are other apps out there to replace those , even open source ones ( available , for example , through f-droid ) . 
  aosp * is * the real thing , google just adds additional services to most commercially available devices . 
  explicitly choosing an english name with a sound that is n't in english would be pretty dumb , though . 
  it 's probably that the all the other revolutions were defeated by the habsburgs , while with the hungarian one , they needed outside help . 
  it 's exactly the same sound for me , an / \u025b / . 
  what ? 
  there 's absoultely no difference between them . 
  yeah , the original translation makes an already pretty bad statement seem even worse , but i do n't think it was intentional . 
  it really is just a pretty awkward phrase in hungarian , somewhat open to interpretation . 
  the closest i could come up with is `` a woman does n't have to earn as much '' , but the hungarian phrasing is also a bit odd to me . 
  that might be the case among the older generations , but from my experience , pretty much everyone in their late teens/twenties speaks english on at least an elementary level . 
  i 'm not sure about how benefitial the silk road would be for the involved eu countries . 
  yup , that was definitely a big factor . 
  it did n't hugely affect our country but out politicians milked it for every bit of popularity . 
  i do n't think it 's that . 
  our left-wing parties are just unfortunately pretty incompetent while the right-wing and their anti-eu rhetoric gained a lot of supporters , especially this past year . 
  it 's not like russia were too friendly to us historically , yet here we are . 
  care to expand on why ? 
  yeah i remember something , but i do n't think it was nearly of this magnitude . 
  this current refrendum was never framed as an eu issue in the media . 
  what campaigning there was from the opposition was mostly for staying at home or casting an invalid vote . 
  that eu election barely had any public visibility , while a months long campaign of billboards and tv ads preceeded this referendum . 
  it 's an irrelevant comparison . 
  compared to the number of refugees , the reported cases of rape are pretty much statistically insignificant and only useful for fearmongering . 
  how does shit like this get upvoted ? 
  ( i 'm sorry if you meant it to be sarcastic . ), 
  i 'll give you n\u00e9pszava , but 168 \u00d3ra and hvg are weekly and not daily newspapers , which is a different category and magyar nemzet is anti-fidesz but in no way left-leaning . 
  a quick look at wikipedia would tell you that before 2015 , n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g was owned by springer since 2003 , and by bertelsmann ag before that . 
  mszp had a minority share in it . 
  there are definitely * not * plenty of newspapers that have an opposition point of view . 
  not ones distributed nation-wide , anyway . 
  feel free to list some , though . 
  n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g was , in fact , the newspaper of the communist party , but mentioning that here is completely irrelevant , since post-1989 it was a widely respected newspaper and the most popular one , not some sort of fringe , far-left one . 
  also , after several years of not producing a profit , it did in 2015 , so listing financial reasons is not very believable . 
  especially not , since the company that bought and discontinued it was one with very close relations to the government . 
  they have made several changed to the voting system that benefit them . 
  it is not impossible , but certainly harder than it should be . 
  how did this horrible garbage get upvoted ? 
  were any of those actually created on a voluntary basis ? 
  this does n't look like good news at all . 
  oh god , please tell me you 're being sarcasic . 
  yes , it 's quite bad . 
  i do n't think he 'd adopt methods quite as brutal , but only because that would cost them more support here than it did for erdogan in turkey . 
  it constantly feels like they 're testing what 's the most they can get away with . 
  fair point , but orb\u00e1n has n't been in power for that long and the trend seems to be towards that . 
  i 'm not sure about poland , but it 's definitely not a huge exaggeration for hungary . 
  they 're wasting the taxpayer 's money on propaganda , that 's not something to be shrugged off . 
  it 's not worth starting a war over it , sure , but we definitely should not be letting it go before they let crimea go . 
  i 'd much rather romania spoke for us . 
  hungary is against it ? 
  that would be a pleasant surprise . 
  hungary is against it ? 
  that would be a pleasant surprise . 
  hungary is against it ? 
  that would be a pleasant surprise . 
  you have to get information from somewhere . 
  guardian is a suitable place for that ( in conjunction with other sources , of course ) . 
  rt is not capable of being even one of these sources of information . 
  it is propaganda , nothing more . 
  i very much disagree . 
  sure , the guardian can and does show bias , but rt is a straight up propaganda machine . 
  it 's like comparing m1 and index . 
  there is an obvious difference between the state-owned rt and the privately-owned guardian , though . 
  if you call a well-respected person a manipulative bitch , you should at least provide sources or something to back up your claim . 
  i realize i should n't engage here , but i ca n't help it . 
  you do realize that there are n't even any relevant far-left parties in the uk ? 
  just ... fuck her . 
  our ruling party has significant support , but not for its eu-related policies . 
  a majority of their supporters is pro-eu , it just seems less important to them than other issues . 
  kicking hungary out would pretty much just leave us to die , though . 
  unfortunately there are n't many ways of punishing the government without punishing the people . 
  the situation here is quite a bit different from the one in the us , though . 
  one of the primary goals of our ruling party has been to stabilize their posistion , and they 've done so . 
  there are very few free media outlets and the election system has been changed to favour them heavily . 
  there is an overwhelming support for the eu in hungary and it is a minority that agrees with the governments anti-eu ideas . 
  please do n't generalize . 
  draft is n't an answer to anything . 
  without eu funding , all the developments that fidesz has been taking credit for will stop . 
  i do n't think their voter base would survive that .
