well boys ... you know what to do in twitch chat on eu lcs stream ... 
  i love how people forget last split uol losing to teams like mym and giants ( when they were on relegation step ) and everyone saying they are awful , then they picked themselves up and played superb in playoffs . 
  now once again people cry that they are super bad ... 
  altec ... the woolite of na, 
  xpecial ... xpecial ... not xspecial, 
  hylissang and freeze ? 
  gosh that would be barely stoppable lane honestly, 
  the flair gives too much salt to you , wan na switch to eu flair ? 
  yes it is worth 14days ban . 
  in these sentences you have atleast 5phrases that are added to * bannable phrases * list, 
  well you must be lying , since leavebuster is automated system , which bans people only after they afk for more than 4minutes , first ban is always * type in i agree to not afk * second time its 5low priority , third time is 10low priority , fourth time ( in a row ) 20games , also you get banned for 14days only if you flame for 3games in your past 50games , and it is automated system with no exceptions . 
  so or you do n't know what is flaming , or you are lying, 
  also flaming by official rules includes :, 
  asking for reports, 
  saying that you will report someone, 
  saying that you are not good/talking about skill level being lower than current league ( ex : you do n't deserve silver ), 
  writing in caps lock ( negative way ) ex : omg please stop getting caught, 
  they always send reform ticket only with, 
  latest game chat , they do n't write chat logs for multiple games . 
  also if team trolls , that 's exactly what you are supposed to do - stay silent . 
  they are trolling only to hear your reactions . 
  it was said by riotlyte you should always be silent if anyone starts trolling/flaming, 
  asking for ban , and then complaining about not conventional pick is exactly what can you get banned , be happy that you got only queue timer , also unconventional picks ( like teemo support in this case ) is encouraged by riot , to make people not afraid of unconventional picks . 
  you know in diamond 3 there is jungle soraka main with 65win percent , which would seem insane ? 
  teemo support is not even bad thing . 
  and also looking by your message * toxic shits on your team , toxic people everywhere * it looks like you are the one who is toxic . 
  it was n't booing , it was cheering steeeeve in deep voice , you should read twitch chat , every time your * booing * occured , all in chat was spamming steeeeeve , thats exactly what crowd was cheering . 
  in the first game of steve on stage , one of caster in desk said * steeeeeve * and chat just got it really quickly , also the fact steve died alot in his first game , made the public shout steeeve as response , and it just sticked, 
  write a support ticket, 
  the last offensive tree mastery is +3 percent damage . 
  maybe that ? 
  discussion ended, 
  you are getting banned for exactly being toxic , and it should get you ranked restricted . 
  you ca n't but * it happens that sometimes im toxic * you ca n't be toxic . 
  basically positioning , i see tons of adc being good in lane , but then having shit positioning all game , and complaining about * not getting peeled * . 
  you always need to arrive at teamfight last , and fight from furthest spot possible in almost every case . 
  she already was nerfed , she is also not strong late game and has very little carrying potential against tanks . 
  yes, 
  its quite likely , huni soloq account is full riven games past week , there is high chance of riven . 
  and riven got banned xd as i said , huni soloq is pure riven games, 
  asking for reports , saying that you will report someone , writing homosexual abuse * gay af * , writing caps lock messages ( negative attitude ) , insults ( dumbfuck ) , complaing about skill level of other player * you dont deserve silver *, 
  all of those are bannable offenses, 
  saying insult like that ( containing swearwords ) does n't matter said to whom , is a punishable offense , no matter if you are talking about homosexuality , but using those terms counts as discrimination . 
  caps lock was added to list as what is bannable offense . 
  taking words out of context is exactly what system does when it punishes . 
  it is a bannable offense , after they made it bannable offense riot said they had received over 5000people why were they banned , and 85 % of them got banned for exact that reason, 
  it only pops up after the first time , or after big break ( 15-20games ) . 
  it does n't pop up after every time you get reported . 
  lol it almost does n't hurt fiddlestick at all , unless you play him bad . 
  you go same build as before, 
  tier2jungle item  zhonia  voidstaff/luden/rabadon / rylai . . and just not completing jungle item . 
  its not easier said than done . 
  its the main fiddlestick build this year already . 
  and it always was like that . 
  this is basic fiddlestick starter, 
  they do n't see what you write when you have them muted . 
  you complete missread what i wrote . . 
  if you mute them they ca n't see what you write, 
  normals , and way more too . 
  yes this chat totally warrants 14day ban , and even more , the chat was super toxic by you , and you have more than 5different bannable phrases in it , you got lucky to not get even longer ban for that chat . 
  it will start in 8 + hours . 
  all chats to team up . 
  redditlfg being most active, 
  it does n't matter what other say absolutely , its about what you say . 
  you are supposed to be silent and do n't answer to those messages , you did completly opposite which warrants a ban , probably even longer than 14days . 
  racial slurs and deaththreats as you are saying he did , is permanent ban punishment . 
  the only person you should be frustrated is you , you were completly wrong in this situation , you violated more than 3 summoner code rules , and you should be happy you got only 14-day ban . 
  what you said was extreamly toxic , and deserves big punishment . 
  you are making the situation like this, 
  my friend killed a person , and i only stole a car , i do n't deserve jail . 
  what both of you did is crimes , and both deserves punishments . 
  it was already posted like 5000times . 
  yes you was rightfully banned . 
  you are supposed to mute and not talk at all with people like that . 
  just from description i can say your ban is well well deserved, 
  and that is exactly , what you are not supposed to do , and exact reason you got banned . 
  caitlyn/jinx , anything with long range, 
  oh god this video was posted in this subreddit like 500times already . 
  stop plaese . 
  what exactly boot camp means though ? 
  giving free wins ? 
  should n't they get dq ` ed for that ? 
  nacl, 
  frozen heart is not even that bad on garen , its pretty decent items . 
  both for cdr and very good passive , also works like thornmail replacement +100 armor, 
  you should atleast look at his videos before posting reddit post . . 
  its impossible , since if they get relegated they wo n't get enough points to go to worlds . 
  frozen heart passive is better than randuins , gives more mana , and gives very much needed 20cdr, 
  if you would play soloq you would know , if midlane is without not psychologically stable ( which more often than not happens . . ) he can just afk if you smite buff when he came . 
  no ... no, 
  asking for other team ( or even your own team ) to report someone is punishable offense , and you can actually report for that . 
  it kind-of cheating , but if you are not a noob , you should have timers in your head , 
  this is being over and over posted , and over and over deleted since repost . 
  please this video is 1day old , popular sub like lol will have this posted billions times already . . its popular channel . 
  its pretty clear what i mean , you can see enemy jungler/midlaner running with blue . 
  add 5mins and you got timer , same as red and adc/jungler , also there is wards and official timers ( like gromp 1:55  blue 2:10 etc. . 
  there has been tons of posts of lobbies . . or you are blind . . or you really did not take anytime to search, 
  smite support was a thing to try from very start since warwick toplane smite became an option , lemonation even played support smite in lcs with braum , the thing with support smite is that , it helps alot with objectives having two smites of the team , also cinderhulk works very nice , but if you already have smite on your toplaner ( or even ezreal midlaner ) you do n't really benefit from that another smite , and if its only done for the cinderhulk enchantment its kind-of useless , as supports usually need ingage items before ( talisman , righteos glory . . ) and they do n't have enough gold for all of those . 
  it 's your fate, 
  all of them ( youngbuck , airwaks , unlimited ) left the team on their own .
