  naew ( thresh ) : i pinged you where to go !!, 
  naew ( thresh ) : w/e ima just mute all and not type, 
  naew ( thresh ) : just ff, 
  i will agree , this chat-log is n't as toxic as most others , but usually you get banned for more chatlogs , and if you chat like that every game , you will deffinetly get banned , also this chatlog imo deserves report for negative attitude . 
  one tip for you , you should try to chat less , you chat wayyyyyyy to much, 
  it kind-of works , though without bork , i would only build trinity , similar to how tank akali works ( well not that popular anymore , but imo not that weak ), 
  i was thinking of joining some team , and 3second google search took me to many sites where people create teams and invite others to their teams by ranks , and sites are incredibly active , you do n't need a subreddit to make it . 
  meh , i 'm so tired of seeing vayne in my games that i always ban it whenever i 'm captain . 
  so mostly yes , they are tryhards , but eh once again , its ranked , people tryhard alot here . 
  oce ... ? 
  there is huge difference between soloq and lcs jungle tiers . 
  for example devourer junglers ( yi , kayle , shyvana ) are insanely good at soloq , hard carries ( rengar , kha , lee ) are also very good in soloq , for their carry potential , while on lcs tier 1 junglers are gragas , rek ` sai and nidalee ( tier 1 in soloq too ) for their teamfight or poking ( nidalee ) . 
  also on soloq if you main champion , you can carry with him no matter that he is n't a legit jungler ( i love carrying with jax/fizz jungle myself ), 
  amazing timing for sk to release a video ... 
  gamebreaking ( insert dank meme ), 
  he is pretty donezo, 
  lol your chatlog deffinetly deserves a ban ... and your post just proves it . 
  **** i feel this is bullshit ****, 
  tanky 9-21 or 6-21-3 usually works pretty nice on him , mpeb marks , armor seals mr glyps health/level or mpen quints works , usually any tanky-ish runes works on him since he is tank . 
  upvoted , wish you to get your holo shirts , 
  seems like elo-booster chart honestly , contact to xiaoweixiao he is good at knowing who elo-boosts . 
  its exactly same chatrooms for all regions , not only for na, 
  what 's your main ? 
  helios being boosted by ciaoweixiao confirmed , no boost - no win, 
  myballsshocking, 
  the same reason why azir 's winrate was lowest patches on patches when he was continuesly played in lcs ? 
  or you just play katarina, 
  so many reddit frontpage posts and you still somehow missed ? 
  he was caught elo-boosting for huge amounts . 
  yes it was , after bug fixes it was hovering around 46 , though 53 with 50 + games played on azir, 
  funniest thing is , the money for elo-boosting was going to paypal who was confirmed paypal of tip manager ... . but tip position is that only him was doing that ... 
  i started playing in january , got to ranked on april , got placed in bronze 3 , now im gold 1 ... did n't skip any divisions . 
  alrighty ... ? 
  i know xd , i just saw this answer on twitch chat and it seemed quite funny answer to such post like that . 
  mages are easy to play , hence why people pick it , but better arena players will no matter what prefer rogue over mage , since with good gameplay , rogue will do way better . 
  there was a tons of posts already about bots in aram and dominion . 
  you are not posting anything new . . 
  fnatic can get to worlds through 3different ways ... they are basicalyy guaranteed a spot . 
  even though this was clean sweep , im still confident that uol should beat h2k , i think uol performance was way better than origen 's , just fnatic is unstoppable as a team, 
  lol no, 
  h2k and roc are both wayyy worse than uol lol . 
  winner of uol/h2k will be the team who goes to worlds on third place match . 
  well lets be honest . 
  what are chances of origen taking out fnatic ? 
  less, 
  devourer midlane was played 3times in challenger scene , all time with kayle . 
  its not something new or unseen, 
  that 's the most basic spam that happens every time eu is playing before na . 
  you must be new ... 
  devourer midlane was actually played in challenger scene both in na/eu and chinese . 
  and it was n't changed since then ( 4-5weeks ago ), 
  i 've never met a non-toxic adc vayne till this day . 
  there might be some . 
  but let 's be honest . 
  once ban wave hit vayne and riven playrate dropped by around 8 % . 
  there is reason for that . . 
  i wish you would type * losing * correctly . 
  the flair ... its confusing me . . 
  someone 's salt is overflowing , call na to take it away, 
  her pure damage was buffed , not her scalings ( for the most part ) which means that tank stats became even more effective . 
  also non-tanky junglers are basically useless in lcs since they will be focused and killed in matter of seconds . 
  * sunfire is made that it does n't disrupt mobi-boots you bronzetard * was pretty funny one, 
  its time around worlds , obviously nami will be good pick . 
  its not really that possible sadly anymore , you should try akali with fizz toplane bruiser build , it feels almost the same and its fun if you want something similar . 
  all things sort-of makes sense except the darius buff . 
  that was just most retarded thing riot done in a while , he will be like perm banned this patch . 
  i think riot sometimes does these kind of things if you ask , you should ask riot lyte ( twitter/ask . fm ) or send support ticket asking for help . 
  imagine if there existed a champion that attack damage would scale with movement speed ? 
  that would be broken ... ... ... ... wait, 
  upvoted just for the dank, 
  i thought froggen did n't qualify to worlds ? 
  you mean worst ? 
  that was literal shitfest, 
  holy shit, 
  fw 2:0 koo they won both games, 
  im not sure what you are talking about , but it was mostly american fans since origen won it all and went 3:0 ... 
  in first game rekless built 4items on kennen , so not sure where you are getting those 2, 
  bork  hurricane  lw  qss ( mercurial ), 
  meh im happy they moved away camera , probably they set the camera timer before they even saw what happened and it was supposed to dissapear . 
  exactly , personally i would n't feel pleased seeing two men making out on air . 
  even though i do n't have anything against them, 
  dyrus is only 23 ... 
  there is no way he is oldest lol no matter how long he played, 
  and right while this post was posted , koro got caught two times and cost baron lol, 
  and mordekaiser e has 350range . 
  totally ranged champ composition ... / s, 
  yup exactly same for me , but still working on eune , weird, 
  so basically in order to play starcraft from now on , you will have to buy lotv ? 
  im 11-0 on leblanc in ranked and game suddenly disconnects . 
  could you post a link of what you just mentioned ... for science . . ? 
  leona , soraka , tahm , thresh , braum would be my go-to, 
  or fake job interviews ... 
  i mean you must 've not watched powerofevil during spring/summer splits ... he is godlike . 
  wow the salt . . 
  hello guys !, 
  im from euw , and i love playing assasins ( i guess i would n't be loved on reddit : / ) , i would love to get cottontail fizz or prestigious leblanc would be very amazing . 
  not really though ... 
  relevant nickname ... eu has 3x bigger fanbase , but you are just salty na fanboy that has no life so all he does is flame eu . 
  so you are saying me players who practised for 1week , and played 2games are enough to judge a team ? ... rightttt ... 
  / r/hearthstone is leaking ...
