  by staying equal in cs and only getting a kill with a 3 man gank ? 
  yes he did , sure lul, 
  that fight that got started when exileh was at 30 % vs bjerg 100 % hp and got ashe ulted so he could n't run away ? 
  i suppose ... 
  i can mostly speak of epica , and everybody has completely different favourite tracks for the band , i 'd suggest from myself cry for the moon , facade of reality ( criminally underrated song in my opinion ) , fools of damnation and of course - kingdom of heaven . 
  from this comment i suppose you do not watch normal eu lcs games , because exileh does indeed get camped and punished by enemy junglers all the time , it 's not `` this tournament '' thing because he does n't have experience vs other junglers lol . 
  it 's his flaw for a solid season and a half at this point . 
  from watching the games i got the exact opposite feelings , eu junglers punished him in lcs even harder than here and he got even further behind , it 's just that uol played vs weaker teams which means even in early midgame they would destroy others as a team , but i guess it 's just my personal opinion . 
  fuck , you just practically described me as well . 
  started with lp and evanescence at around age 11-12 , moved to soad and slipknot , flyleaf at 13 , at 14 started listening to some wt and at 15 listened first time to epica - we will take you with us . 
  except i 've never really moved past epica and i still listen to them by far the most for straight 4 years , just some more bands in between like eluveitie or ayreon . 
  relevant flair, 
  the thing is , he got double the amount of solo kills than solo deaths lol, 
  i have no clue why you are being downvoted , every single version of quest rogue cut wisp in first few weeks of expansion . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  one of the main problems of quest rogue is not completing quest , but rather having resources to follow up the quest with , wisp directly influences it and lowers quest rogue winrate by so much , that nobody ran it after few weeks . 
  vanish was always a 2x since beggining , it 's not something that was added later . 
  i 'm starting to think you are talking about some low ranking self made quest rogues and not actual competitive ones lol . 
  people can abuse the quest rogue lack of resources with wisps so easily that even control decks can win against them at top legend because of playing smartly and quickly removing quest rogues minions . 
  the only discussion of quest rogue is to rather add 2x stonetusk boar or 2x swashburglar , there is no place for wisps in the deck . 
  man do we even remember the golden days of kikis or powerofevil 1v5 so many games ? 
  not even mentioning the small period of diamondprox and also the godly 1v2 games of hylissang, 
  ap rek was good since she had 100 % ap scaling lol, 
  holy , i 'm usually very skeptical about using fanmade sites , but this one is absolutely amazing . 
  i could only suggest to let user adjust the size of chat/twitter tabs , but other than that it is absolutely amazing . 
  ninja edit : also i 'd also suggest using youtube stream rather than twitch , but that 's only my preference !, 
  actually a lot of people do n't play heroic strike these days as well , especially in high legend people have cut it long time ago to have more reliable early game with fire fly and ms for better finisher lol, 
  i am not thinking of mortal strike . 
  heroic strike has been cut for several reasons : first of all pirate warrior lacks finishers against taunts . 
  and in this meta there is not a single deck who does not run taunt . 
  ( tar creepers in aggro druid , taunt totem and 0mana 5/5 taunts in shaman , murloc paladin with curator and spikered steed , not gon na even mention controls decks or taunt warrior ) if heroic strike is drawn early , it 's pretty much useless against control decks unless you clear a stonehill defender with it , against aggro decks you want to take the board . 
  if drawn late game it is useless because 90 % of the time enemy will have a taunt . 
  it is only good midgame or against mages , that 's why it has made a cut . 
  mortal strike suffers a similar vain of problems that includes it being one of the worst early game cards to draw and also it 's inability to regain tempo for a spell . 
  which is why most pirate warrior players are more heavily invested in taking control of the board as seen with addition of fireflies , bittertide hydras and sometimes even golakka crawlers . 
  s7 had two international tournaments . 
  rift rivals and msi , eu outperfomed heavily na during msi while rift rivals was won by na . 
  how does that make na better in s7 ? 
  edit : also europe went to semi finals in s6 worlds , how does that make na better in s6 ? 
  in what delusional world are you living in ? 
  not to mention even the irrelevant iem performances which also went in favour of eu . 
  literally the only time na outperformed eu in past years was s4 worlds and s6 msi . 
  and these do not help your argument by any means, 
  excuse me what the fuck ? 
  this is literally the first time i 'm hearing of this and i 'm utterly confused . 
  is it a common practise in us ? 
  do people actually do that ? 
  fake money ? 
  i have so many questions . 
  in here just having fake ( even obviously ) fake money with yourself is considered a crime . 
  also leaving pamphlets for a person without him agreeing to it is also considered littering . 
  what ? 
  and again https://clips.twitch.tv/crowdedattractivecucumberfloof, 
  i 'll be honest with you . 
  player with 1-2 decks ( new players ) normally do not reach ranks where counterqueueing becomes relevant  on standard counterqueueing is really a strategy only at 500 - legend , and on wild legend f2p and new players do not play . 
  i mean sure , but how many new or f2p players are playing wild , is there even an incentive to do so ? 
  it 's kind-of alright but i myself use vivaldi then , works like a charm . 
  lithuania reporting in , rabbit 's cabbage here as well !, 
  i 'd say that tinder is quite a bit different to other dating sites though . 
  not only that , youtube streams have also grown immensely because of the quality and rewind options . 
  tobias is good gp ? 
  perhaps when gp was reworked and he spammed him like crazy yes . 
  now there are so many more good gp 's , probably most challenger/master toplaner has better gp than he does, 
  jade druid will be rotated out soon ... 
  i might as well add that recently the band has split up into two parts due to some arguments . 
  one side ( drummer/guitarist/female vocalist ) formed cellar darling ( recently just released their debut album ) while rest of their band reformed finding new members to replace the previous ones . 
  their new songs kind-of sounds easier than others but to each own their preference . 
  oh , it might be completely true . 
  i was just referring to the past couple of songs that were released , i 'm not really keeping up with their discography just casually listening to one or two songs by both bands now . 
  well i suppose we just like different styles , for me epona was one of the worst songs i 've heard in a while and i was very dissapointed , although lvgvs ( whatever the heck that supposed to mean o-o ) was fairly good and i liked it . 
  it 's personal preference mostly . 
  what are you saying ? 
  random redditor 's opinion is way more valued and important than an obscure organisation like royal club / s, 
  she was literally the only character that i really really wanted to see crucify spell get used on . 
  heck i wanted harry to use it the most . 
  i think it was mostly just underestimating the enemy . 
  statistics are expensive thing in today 's world . 
  you could hire a stats guy who would go alone through riot 's api and collect all the data by himself . 
  or you could pay it to a program that could filter all that information into an accessible format ... 
  well that was the explanation from the team . 
  let 's hope he picks it up by the playoffs , 
  waitttttt , he has a girlfriend ? 
  noooooooo ... 
  so basically a good ending or a bad ending awaits him . 
  except for the fact mid august has only two dates . 
  10 and 17 . 
  and blizzard last summer released one night in karazhan in between 10th and 11th while also beginning to release cards at the exact same time ... 
  dude please ... 
  even for the average college girls she is clearly above average , as it comes to e-sports she is miles ahead and beyond like 95 % if she would be good at hearthstone she would be racking up 10k + every stream for sure easily . 
  eu is atleast twice as big if not more . 
  blizzard explanation was it 's way easier for na to handle the people because there are way less players in na than eu . 
  i think if anything na makes less profit . 
  i 'm fairly sure that `` from the east '' part means from the middle east a.k.a islam ... 
  that 's true ... 
  but i do n't see in any way how that is relevant . 
  islam is growing rapidly and it 's population is also growing in europe , hence the `` religious pressure from the east '', 
  catholicism does n't matter in this discussion since the only religion from the east is islam right now ( historically you would be correct yes , but in these days middle east possesses very small amounts of other religions besides islam ) and as it goes for islam , more people get converted to islam than convert from islam to atheism . 
  why would other religions matter ? 
  it 's the reason the original poster said `` pressure from the east '' have you ever played civ . . ? 
  the funny thing is , for most eu watchers doublelift , meteos , hais and sneakys are just as nobodies as random challenger players .
