  she wo n't take an unfavorable trade . 
  all she needs to do is hit point blank e that is fairly impossible to get shielded and slowly walk away waiting for yasuo to get stunned . 
  once he is stunned quick q+w will take care of half of his hp . 
  all leblanc wants is yasuo dashing into her since that opens up for an easiest e of her life . 
  the slowly walk away point is very important . 
  if yasuo chases her while having e on him he will lose the trade cause of eventual minion damage . 
  dashing away from it wo n't prevent getting stunned for two reasons 1st ) those minions to dash away most of the time wo n't exist since lb will step up only once melee 's are dead . 
  even if they are alive it 's no secret leblanc 's e is bugged af and will proc even when it should be out of range . 
  i agree that yasuo can windshield her q while he is snared but the truth is yasuo will expect her to use her q while he is on top of her and waste his windwall there most of the time . 
  if he does n't leblanc can atleast w  q  auto  backw, 
  there is still people playing it all the way from silver to diamond  except people rush tri  statik usually now, 
  excuse me but that basketball analogy does n't make any sense in current events . 
  yes usa won the gold medal but god it was close and 5games were decided in very last minutes with 1-2point difference between usa and others lol . 
  not even protobelt . 
  a lot of ap mages now rush morello 's rather than abyssal which almost became standard because of how op it was . 
  not even mentioning athene 's ... 
  to be fair they did try . 
  in interviews the usa coach was quite raging at how badly they played and said that it was totally unacceptable . 
  also the players were picked who accepted , since there were many who refused . 
  not sure why you got downvoted but it definitely did n't hurt since the people were very likely dead before they actually felt any pain, 
  eu were always on the train . 
  it 's just about reddit being populated by mostly americans that it seems the hype is bigger for na . 
  if anyone wonders the boy says `` no , daddy , no ! '', 
  h2k learnt lesson and beat russia before winter came . 
  nice comment history lmao . 
  never seen such a delusional person in my life . 
  look at that guy comment history . 
  he was saying that anx will completly stomp h2k while also shitting on h2k on his every single post since 2weeks lol, 
  i think any adc should shine with hyli , with jungler might be harder but i doubt they will find someone worse than move/loulex was, 
  i think op literally said the fact that he was the bright spot which is why he would leave by getting better offers, 
  random numbers are either arabs or russians, 
  season 6 move - no, 
  season 7 - noone knows . 
  he would not be the first player to massively improve over the course of one year if he stays . 
  aoeii still has fairly nice competitive scene with a lot of quite big tournaments being held . 
  usually everything is scheduled and all news are in www.aoczone.net also main competitive client where every pro and average players play is www.voobly.com, 
  phew , i almost clicked it before noticing last second kzlyn61, 
  holy sh * t this is actually amazing if you know what it is referencing, 
  to anyone writing leblanc remember one thing , which is the exact same thing why she is not great in urf . 
  you ca n't use your w again until you went to your previous position or you waited 3second timer ( while w cd is only 2s ) which makes it not as great ability as you would think it is . 
  obligatory `` sky is black '' comment, 
  i asked them the same question long time ago and the answer was it 's because you can only really get to the link if you were directed to it from the thread itself , since the bot automaticly uploads everything to youtube . 
  also because the bot was made for this specific circumstance to get videos to youtube . 
  edit : yes please downvote me for quoting what moderator said as an answer to that question . 
  a lot more would be the correct way to say it . 
  i can just say that i was watching two eu lcs finals from the stage in bottom rows and everything was visible nicely . 
  i guess this was just not planned out . 
  imgur is not only for hosting pictures for reddit ? 
  whaaaaat ? 
  was n't there a time where in lck he was playing ezreal and got forced onto pulsefire ( or some other do n't remember now ) skin and said he did n't even chose it so he had no idea how he ended up on it ( also conspiracies followed since next week that skin got discount ), 
  it 's our chance to do it !, 
  although i 'd love to see hyli rather than mithy :p, 
  ummmm are you getting a lot of pm 's ? 
  let 's go unicorns make it happen !!, 
  you have n't seem them play in 5months . 
  not to mention veritas was n't even looking bad, 
  not like amnesiac had absolutely godly rng first 3games though lmao, 
  well that 's the reason you are saying it since you watched only last 3games . 
  in first 3 games amnesiac was insanely lucky and kept topdecking every single time the best possible answer . 
  it was both sided luck . 
  although yes , it 's easy to argue that amnesiac got the worse end of it . 
  to be fair uol had gilius and rudy for a bit . 
  also kikis was known to be a little bit toxic ... hmm i wonder what all of them have in common : ^ ), 
  they were all junglers : ^ ), 
  barnes could 've had other outcome but it did n't really change anything . 
  azure drake/gadgetzan would 've been just as bad . 
  this is an amazing year . 
  lol - na getting absolutely smashed and eu in semi finals . 
  hearthstone - na smashed eu finals . 
  in both of the games na was extremely vocal how much better they are and how eu completly sucks . 
  lmfao of all the things the op did he failed at the simpliest rule of all of them . 
  it was nerfed on world patch . 
  the thing is ruler was up like 50farm a kill and just completed armor pen items lol, 
  this thread gets to frontpage multiple times a month and rioters multiple times said the reasoning as to why they will not do it . . 
  it 's easy to look it up . 
  it 's everywhere like that . 
  pre-game chat does get looked into by automated bots . 
  that 's exactly how you lose the game as kassadin . 
  if you start pushing early enemy laner will 100 % freeze the wave and you will never be able to touch cs for the rest of the laning phase . 
  have you even ever played kassadin ? 
  holy shit lmao, 
  found the nidalee, 
  you assume china does n't offer him as much money as na ? 
  are you high ? 
  i think you should see a doctor since you have some real psychiatric issues ... 
  well people consider those 3 the only ones who are actually playable after the update ( to some extend talon as well ), 
  yeah as otp leblanc i just played three games in a row and realized i will probably not play her ever again until they change something . 
  level 1-6 you do same damage . 
  after that it falls of more and more and more until you become useless ... 
  they tryed to add waveclear to her but the thing is you still have to w in to waveclear in order to mark all the minions to q them ... so practically nothing change except her damage cut in half ; /, 
  1v1 ofcourse leblanc will still be strong . . 
  but she is absolutely awful at teamfight while also not being as strong splitpusher as she used to be . . 
  which means you do less damage . 
  lol is not a dream world where enemies will casually stand in middle of teamfight not focusing you for 1.5 seconds in order for you to do the damage . 
  i 'd rather wish riot nerfed her ap ratio 's but buffed her base stats so perhaps there could be new leblanc tanky builds that would make her into actually fun champion that she is n't right now . 
  can play her does not mean it is viable . 
  i hope riot does n't add more launchers or we will get too confused, 
  and corki is very relevant midlane champion ? 
  also pushing 24/7 and not expecting enemy jungler to gank while anivia is perfect for setting up ganks ? 
  late game is absolutely unmatched as well,
