  was n't this thread for bold predictions ? 
  when i saw jensen over kuro , crown , westdoor my mind kind-of exploded, 
  i 'm convinced about bjergsen being top 3 , well about jensen ... 
  there is better . 
  simple as that, 
  to be fair ignite kassadin is very popular even in high elo 's right now , even though i 'm not sure why . 
  it might be the same reason why people like apdo take ignite on tf , because people do n't expect big damage from teamfighting/scaling champions , so they tend to get poked down lower which allows to get sneaky all in . 
  and that is not uncommon thing , especially in higher elo 's junglers like lee sin ( who going to mid/late game has the sole purpose of good ult usage carry into your team or disengage he will not be doing much damage , while nami can easily put sustained damage . 
  damage charts does not say that much about the game . 
  lmao, 
  name checks out ... 
  eve does n't even have the top 5winrate . 
  the thing is a lot of people do n't know how to actually make eve urf work really well , the thing i found most op ( i already played eve 6times by luck ^ ^ ) is to go midlane . 
  push in quickly first wave , clear birds/red , clear second wave , get blue/wolves back , get ingridients for hextect protobelt , go back , repeat what above and you should get lvl 7 to enemy level 5 , then just roam and 1v5 everyone . 
  i guess it 's personal preference for each , i see why gunblade would work the same way protobelt does , i just like to cover big distance with protobelt/flash to get really good ult and proceed to clean up . 
  i agree that this works for most of the champions , although in my opinion eve excels at it because of aoe q with 0.6 s cooldown and movement speed buff to run around faster . 
  ( also her invis improves her roaming severely ), 
  i can tell you which team had enough fans that would 've made highlight videos if we qualified : /, 
  i 'm not from russia but i do speak russian and i can guarantee you it 's not that extreme case , but people are just better at writing more visibly so letters are more clear than in that picture . 
  damn , even hearing europe football championship official song was n't as dissapointing : /, 
  you tried your best , that 's still miles away from euw soloq, 
  because on youtube the quality is like 5x better ? 
  but how ? 
  ever since they changed it i 've literally never missed it on playing like 50 + games . 
  it 's literally impossible , you just click both buttons and boom, 
  except for clg, 
  i would prefer exileh to stay on uol, 
  you are not ... it 's only first week of the worlds lol . 
  noone is eliminated yet . 
  not a lizard ?? 
  if you want to be good on leblanc you actually have to pull these off quite consistantly . 
  it 's one of her strongest gank savers if you get caught with your pants down . 
  i somewhat agree with what you are saying , but i 'd like to agree with the commenter below , and also add that it can be directed towards other champions , not only leblanc . 
  good shaco player will use the invisibility way better than the low elo shaco , low elo shaco can rely on 1-shotting potential and ganking from behind to win the game , while good shaco will be able to do much more with the pressure he has with that invisibility , not to mention the boxes or combo 's . 
  evelynn/rek ` sai/rengar falls into exactly the same category . 
  if you want to climb higher with certain champion you will need to learn to use the champion specific tricks rather than general understanding of the champion kit . 
  but try not to do that actually , because you will get used to controlling her pet with r and will try to control your clone with r as well on leblanc , and then things go downhill :p, 
  lol did you have some issues in your childhood ? 
  this is the clear example of puberty and there was nothing wrong about what parents did there . 
  watching last season seastory was the most enjoyable experience ever . 
  the drunk caster desk was probably the best thing ever , probably my best spent hours while watching livestream , really hope they can turn it up like last time as well . 
  that 's literally every worlds story . 
  na shit talks eu 24/7 all the time and when na finally gets rekt * oh hurr durr we are both western we cheer for eachother hurr durr *, 
  because na always shittalks eu 24/7 and then suddenly when they get rekt people like you appear `` oh who cares about na vs eu '' ? 
  ladies and gentlemans , i present you a typical na fan . 
  the guy above you * seriouslemur * has made comments in this thread that reached -100 and deleted them afterwards . 
  half of his post history is deleted right now lmao, 
  excuse me ? 
  h2k was never fighting for a spot at worlds with uol . 
  it was splyce and uol fighting for the spot . 
  noone was even doubting h2k worlds spot , only splyce 's lmao , did you even watch eu lcs ? 
  huh ? 
  literally noone was saying that cause you had to be out of your fucking mind , h2k completly destroyed uol . 
  the last time i heard anything about uol should go instead of h2k was in season 5 lol , in that season there was definitely talks about that . 
  this season the only discussion was between fnatic/splyce/uol and who should represent at worlds , and a lot of people chose to support uol because of scrimming incident where uol got scrims denied but still proceeded to 3-0 giants and fnatic and only lost in a 6hours thriller to splyce 2-3, 
  oh , that 's a throwback, 
  rip papasmithy ; _ ;, 
  i 'm interested myself in a little bit of different answer . 
  in europe a lot of highschools have very different ranking , they all offer same courses obviously ( such as maths , chemistry , history , economics , psychology , your own language , 3-4choices of other languages , law , programming , biology ) but the level of teaching differs quite a lot , a lot of schools takes pride in having really high results from national exams/high grades , so they only allow the best students from elementary schools to join them . 
  if you have bad grades in elementary school you are likely to be in shitty highschool as a result of it . 
  hm , that system seems quite stupid and punishing for the students with really high grades though , as they ca n't get into environment where they would go to same school with people who are just as good as they are in school . 
  first of all i 'm not assuming anything . 
  i 'm just saying the thing is when everyone is at the same level in school , the teaching is way more effective because the teachers can teach at that exact level in which every student is learning . 
  the person obviously feels more comfortably with same level people since if you are going to school with worse people your might get left out in class environment because the teacher will spend extra time teaching a subject which you understand to people who still do n't understand it . 
  at the same time if you are worse and going to school with all geeks you might get confused by the speed the teaching will go ( probably more tests , more information in shorter amount of time ) and you will be left behind without understand everything in time . 
  okay , that clears up some thing . 
  in here a lot of highschools also has partnerships with local universities . 
  as for boarding schools i assume is the type of schools where you do n't live with your family anymore for the school-year ( just holidays ) and live with other students right ? 
  i see the point of it being way harder to distinguish themselves from everyone else but as far as i 'm aware the classes with better students are smaller and provide more 1 on 1 teaching so you kind-of build the relationship with the teacher and teacher knows everyone on individual level . 
  i might be a little bit wrong so do n't quote me on that . 
  i meant in europe union which has the school system more or less made similar in every country . 
  of course there is differences depending on the peoples desires and politicians but it 's not massively different going from country to country . 
  this was also posted on post-match reddit thread yesterday . 
  so i 'm not sure if it was made by inven or reddit . 
  the difference is shrinking ... what is real what is not i do n't know anymore . 
  except for the fact if you lose the lane in mid as yasuo you will get absolutely walked over by assasins/control mages . 
  it has bigger pay-off , but getting behind costs more as well . 
  except for the fact this suggestion gets posted like once every week ? 
  i do n't think yasuo has shoving adventage against most mids as you are saying . 
  pretty much every meta mage is a shoving mage . 
  i disagree on the annie/karma being counters to yasuo , i 'd add to the list leblanc because that is purely skill match-up between those two . 
  yasuo mid is also very weak for the reason if he falls behind team usually lacks good dps champion ( or assasin ) since yasuo is a little bit of both but not excelling at either . 
  yasuo will take too much damage from control mages when trying to go in for a trade by shoving wave with e ( think : cassio , viktor , orianna ) yasuo is one of few champs that can survive annie 's burst by either a ) windwalling her q b ) having passive shield and hexdrinker up . 
  also he can bully her around quite a lot . 
  karma is just safe midlaner which does n't really counter anything . 
  as for leblanc part i think you are massively wrong or just never played against good leblanc . 
  first of all leblanc should never go for trade first . 
  all she needs to do is poke him with auto 's and wait for the eventual moment where yasuo goes for caster minions and that way goes to trade for you . 
  instant e behind yourself will catch yasuo in chain which second proc ca n't be windwalled ( long time bug ) once yasuo gets stunned you walk around the windwall and q + w him and back off . 
  easy won trade . 
  if yasuo does n't go for trade he has to give up caster minions and will fall behind in cs . 
  last part : adc are not enough of ranged damage in a team comp . 
  dive adc - clean up - win game, 
  not discussing cassio part because truly i do n't play her and i ca n't speak . 
  but please can you read that part again about leblanc ? 
  good leblanc will never even get under turret because of the exact scenario i just posted . 
  yasuo is melee leblanc is ranged . 
  leblanc by just standing in her caster minions auto attacking without using spells will force yasuo to go for trade , which will end up in the scenario i just wrote . 
  if he does n't go for trade he will give up caster minions which will make him behind in cs . 
  and yes diving an adc is just that simple when he is the only ranged on the team .
