  jumping to 42 after some buffs . 
  fnatic would stomp tsm even harder than they did at msi two months ago . . 
  today galio twitch and elise was played , and you are complaining about same champs . ? 
  buddy ... 
  there goes * super team dream * by dentist . 
  trundle and galio will become new meta picks at worlds, 
  pretty dank, 
  few things that results in bans :, 
  asking for reports , using words that has censor , writing messages in caps lock , insulting , spamming signals for others . 
  think if you have done any of those , and how much times , and you might get your answer , 
  hmm i did n't even think about jax being that good , my favourite with this new item is kayle , she is completly awesome to play in this patch , and im having alot of fun with her in the jungle . 
  yeah if they get relegated , they automaticly lose all championship points . 
  zed mains ? 
  i think all vanished . 
  you tryed your dankest , sadly ... 
  what proof you need . . 
  they always play on patch that is more than a week online . 
  and 5.13 is on only for 4days . . 
  exactly how i imagine tsm fans . 
  they are 3rd week already ... dude you must be sleeping . 
  no ... ... . no, 
  easyhoon by far , even after seeing some easyhoon games i consider easyhoon to be equal in skill level to faker , in ama from other chinese top teams midlaners they said easyhoon is better than faker right now . 
  so this strawpool is basically a failure . 
  febiven is not really best , i would n't even consider bjergsen best . 
  i think xiaoweixiao , ryu , and peppinero are the best in west midlaners right now , just my opinion . 
  lets get to the real question . 
  tits or ass ? 
  you ca n't post here articles by ricardo luis buddy  , also there is already discussion thread for this, 
  do you know any other midlaner that single handedly carries his entire team 1v5 basically every game ? 
  honestly he almost never fucks up in lane when playing against anyone . 
  lol morgana and blitz are not even that supreme on aram . . ziggs nidalee xerath vlad . 
  that 's where it begins to be bad . 
  meh , not really a fan of that change , i would much rather see airwaks or dan play : / let 's hope his attitude does n't ruin atmosphere in uol . 
  as i said on other thread , i will say on this too . 
  not fan of this change really , if gilius is as toxic as he is in soloq , it might hurt team atmosphere , though im exited for airwaks coming back and for h0r0, 
  there is challenger series today , not lcs . 
  so yes , you wo n't find it on twitch . 
  quite likely , gilius is very good player , and imo top tier jungler especially when it comes to soloq , but his attitude is : /, 
  if you already contacted their support , but not getting answer , try contact riot lyte directly ( on his ask.fm for example ) or show support mails but with all names marked . 
  if you really did n't script i wish you all the luck to get your account back . 
  its usually on your own preference , if you will buy 21:9 monitor it will be really ankward for you at first , but you should get used to it , but if you ca n't look at all places at once ( you can only focus on small location ) then i suggest getting smaller . 
  also if you would 've used a smurf , you could also get your account banned , since they would ban all accounts by your ip then . 
  so they do n't need to be 100percent sure you cheated on a money invested account instead of smurf . 
  i myself play on small monitor , since on bigger one my eyes starts hurting pretty fast ( i suppose i ca n't focus my eyes on bigger screen or something ) but i know alot of players who play on large monitors . 
  if you ca n't get used to large monitor , even after you bought it , you can play like piglet and alot of other koreans do , when they have game only in center of screen , and sides are just blacked out . 
  honestly that chat log was one of nicer one 's i 've seen here being posted . 
  but in my opinion you chat way too much honestly , but if you send this to riotlyte ( maybe on his ask.fm ) you might get your ban reduced , since honestly there was n't something that can land you 14day ban, 
  yeah , but this type of chatlog , is pretty typical to get punished for 75-games chat restriction , or 35games ranked restriction , but i do n't think its valid for 14-day ban . 
  for fizz sheen is essential , and when you get that you can snowball extreamly hard . 
  if you fall behind , i do recommend getting dorans ring . 
  you should try playing him toplane  full tank tahm is super scary, 
  i think those 5 % of girls that play lol will be overloaded with mails . 
  yeah its like taking vayne or quinn top . 
  god damn it uol . 
  i said gilius is n't good choice . 
  oh my god . 
  they said gilius is only for this week for now , there is airwaks and h0r0 as subs , so he might not get * another week *, 
  there was 9999x threads made like this . . all were deleted cause its repost . 
  riot already said they wo n't do it . 
  on my team 0-6 starting dagger . 
  enemy team 6-0 piglet 's reincarnate, 
  i honestly ban vayne every time im team captain now , and im not even joking . 
  yeah hitler , jews and 9/11 jokes to the german and american public ? 
  what could go wrong ... ... 
  i trust in uol to make fnc 17-1, 
  you do realize that was before her nerfs ? 
  is this msi ? 
  cause that was the last time i 've seen tsm getting penetrated by a gang of koreans . 
  similarly to how i always ban vayne . 
  you do n't need to be a genius for this one . . 
  so its actaully illegal for you to play lol , like literally , check rules of riot games and lol that you have to click, 
  * i agree *, 
  yeah im worried for na at worlds . 
  i really am . 
  here again we have a butthurt player that just lost to leblanc and is mad about her snowball potential , not considering all other champions with insane snowball potential . 
  it is allowed , some players were even accused of using those , but those who used , also said these have some pretty serious cons too , which does n't quite balance out . 
  you mean football ? 
  are you not fucking entertained ? 
  huni channeled his inner darien . 
  it will happen, 
  trundle supp was played at lck and at lms ... this season . . it 's not really troll pick , and an amazing counter to maokai, 
  this deffinetly need to be upvoted more , i 've seen him being toxic on multiple occasion to . 
  hijack this ama, 
  im pretty sure kikis did n't play this game . . 
  lol, 
  yeah caster said * because of curfew *, 
  well i 'd like to remind you fnc went 2-3 against skt at msi with steelback as adc . . 
  i started game in january , on april played my first ranked game , got placed bronze 4 , now im gold 1 , so you are where you belong buddy . 
  cause people usually spam button when its ~ 0.25 cooldown , so they would double-tap all the time . 
  that 's why its bad , because it would n't work for anyone literally , everyone spams button when they are doing combos especially when its about to come of cooldown , even you after just trying it for first time you would fail it and disable it . 
  that 's not good option , for anyone . 
  no tsm is savage, 
  gilius had bad soloq game with fellow uol player and raged . 
  im probably not far from truth ... 
  since there was banwave and thousands of players got 2weeks ban , i 'm pretty sure no , its just saying * buddy you have to step up your communication or you might receive harsher penalties *, 
  he actually was n't kicked from uol , he was just a sub replacing dan i believe , and then they got kikis in their team . 
  naew ( thresh ) : reported, 
  naew ( thresh ) : i cant get it because you all have just suicided loads, 
  naew ( thresh ) : u literally wasted ult, 
  naew ( thresh ) : and lost us tf since u didnt have it,
