  freeze mage is winnable depending on the mages deck . 
  if it 's maly/archmage it 's hard to win . 
  if its pyroblast/anti aggro freeze mage priest does have actually decent chance at winning . 
  the funniest ones are people who never play aram , join aram . 
  and then flame everyone for normal aram builds like ap nasus , ap kogmaw , ap shaco, 
  considering people who were in diamond getting placed in silver , yes it 's bugged, 
  which just proves his point why it is bugged and not intended . 
  if it 's brand new mmr that means if you finish promos 10-0 you should n't be placed in bronze v and bronze iv . 
  that 's like not even nsfw lmao , it 's quite well covered ... 
  was n't flame lance of cabalist ? 
  * pavelling book, 
  that 's all duolingo thought me of danish ... . 
  not only promising , his performance in spring/summer 2015 was absolutely monstrous and cassio/kogmaw bans against him practically every game . 
  is it a shame though ? 
  every one who left went downhill . 
  steeelback/fox were n't s5 . 
  although yes they would be included as well with people who went downhill ^ ^, 
  i 'm sure everyone knows the 71st id of ww2 ... . right guys ? 
  his performance was just as insane on roccat as it was on uol , he remained one of the most feared adc 's on league but overall his reputation went down because of such a low team ^ ^, 
  some br fan is salty lul, 
  it 's not about other teams sucking it 's about g2 being really good at game and at choking, 
  you are suprised that deathcap voidstaff morello 's orianna does 1.3 k damage to no magic resist target ? 
  well this subreddit is mostly americans , casters should n't be biased though . 
  they also said that uol fell a bit short , but that 's not the sentence he is referring too . 
  he is refering to zirene saying eu has a history of not showing up internationally . 
  edit : also what the fuck you are talking about eu has won way more titles than na did lol . 
  just remember m5 and fnatic trophies lmao, 
  this is how i imagine a typical tsm fan . 
  edit : this guy answer for me was to kill myself . 
  yup , that 's the typical tsm fan i 'm talking about . 
  you have over 20posts in this thread defending yourself and every single post is defending the `` i 'm not against eu '' but the real trouble everyone is having is not you being against eu , but you being for tsm all the time . 
  do n't try to defend places where you are not getting attacked but rather try to find arguements why you cheer for tsm every single game where they play . 
  tbh i agree that msi is bigger deal than katowice but the arguement you just provided does n't make sense . 
  origen fnc skt fnc vs g2 rng clg skt fw was practically the same caliber teams last season lol, 
  that 's what i 'm talking . 
  since both of these events were in similar time stamp and has similar amount of top teams ( katowice having top 4 and msi having 5 ) i think it 's fair to assume they would look at similar importance if we look at solely the teams , 
  you know something is wrong with lol mod team when they remove announcements made by the lol team itself . 
  i 'm just waiting for the time where mods remove league of legends announcements made by riot themselves because they are only addressing individuals - players, 
  this sub was like that forever , there is reason why other gaming subs ( dota2 , overwatch , hearthstone ) all refer to r/leagueoflegends as the most overmodded sub of all e-sport games . 
  oh god how much i 've missed this meme in my life, 
  you might be mistaking op shaco is back with shaclone or pinkward , because op shaco is back did indeed get challenger multiple times ( probably over 10 even ), 
  yeah i was actually really sad looking at all the comments week by week about people wanting him to drop out ; _ ;, 
  i would n't find it hard to believe . 
  rox was quite poor team with low sponsors and quite bad team house lol, 
  ah i assumed that he thinks 500k/year is low ^ ^ mb . 
  @sheepy i have been fan of your team since you qualified to eu lcs , i love you as a coach and i think you improved in every single aspect of coaching , what do you think was the most difficult obstacle to overcome as a coach ? 
  all hail ancientinfamousallosaurus !, 
  at this point i would n't even call it op . 
  whenever i can do the red  golems  botlane enemy botlane will play so far back that i can only dream of ganking them . /, 
  and funnier thing is , age of empires the conquerors from 1999 has even larger competitive scene with very frequent tournaments for all skill players , 
  eh to be fair forsen 's drunk streamers increased his viewers even more than the botted one 's did . 
  it practically doubled the viewers during the stream . 
  how can you hate new akali though , i was playing akali a lot pre-rework , but post rework especially after the buffs she is so insanely strong . 
  her w dash is amazing at dodging skillshots and getting inrange , the utility is insane of that skill . 
  your e now can be very strong in 1v1 even without leveling it up if you damage your opponent while hitting minion with it as well , not to mention the scaling on it is way higher than before . 
  i think exactly the opposite of her rework , she is no longer clunky and very very fun to play . 
  i 'm fairly sure most people do n't play it not because it is boring but rather because they do not want to rely on their teammates and teamwork lol . 
  vayne , yasuo main is not a playstyle , it 's a mental condition . 
  well that 's what he said , throw everyone a few red herrings . 
  which means you do n't tell everyone the same information ... 
  athene books . 
  / salt, 
  yeah and his videos for some reason constantly appear at my recommendations even though i 've ever watched his videos like twice in my life , pretty disturbing . 
  i guess you could say he finally clicked with deilor, 
  and it 's likely they would . 
  even players at worlds got denied games for less than what caps did in the past month lol, 
  that 's not true . 
  riot does final behaviour test 2-3weeks before lcs begins . 
  disagree on lulu , she can be punished really fcking hard by a mid main ( who actually mains good midlane champions and not yasuo ), 
  katarina is widely considered as one if not the highest skillcap midlaners after the change , i guess people expect her to be top tier when they get a hang of her . 
  as a legend pirate warrior atm , yes easily . 
  first of all warrior sometimes does n't curve out that well which druid punishes . 
  also if druid draws feral rages in time and is able to keep the board relatively clean with swipes/wraths/living roots he is in for a good game . 
  seriously i was like wtf , i 'm sitting at 45legend rank and every two games it 's a shaman lol . 
  pirate warrior is pretty much non-existant already . 
  i would say it holds a special place for a lot of epica fans . 
  it 's the song that i 've probably listened the most , and i do n't think anything will surpass it although thp - profound understanding of reality is also nice, 
  op you should read more on a subject you are posting since you just wrote nonsense . 
  dynamic queue mmr is soloq mmr . 
  flex is different . 
  fuck all-stars i 'm too busy playing pirate warrior, 
  edit : fuck all stars im too busy playing pirate warrior, 
  fixed it !, 
  i 'm not saying if it does or does n't . . 
  but riot said it multiple times that dynamic mmr was transformed into soloq mmr for s7 ... 
  topkek trolling my friend, 
  he poured milk , then cereal . 
  he really ^ clicked with them, 
  yeah like wtf hjarnan was absolute fcking god when he played last time in lcs . 
  you tryed, 
  meh , even though other lcs teams doing really well , maxlore was okay-ish in lcs , betsy can show up at times , hjarnan was awesome last time played at lcs . 
  no clue about phaxi/wadid though . 
  would n't count them out super quickly . 
  h-h-h-how 250already ?? 
  i just wanted to say that i 've seen weirder things happen in lcs than a team with roster like that being top ~ 4 in eu ( top 2 in group ), 
  ( like uol spring 2015 barely after two reverse sweeps qualifying to lcs and then going on to go to the finals ), 
  to be fair there was lithuanian guy like 6months ago who streamed lineage ii and league of legends for 100hours straight but he did not get any attention ( well at the very end of stream he had like 30k viewers ), 
  no , jesus resurrected while dfg did n't, 
  lithuania reporting in , -22 c. 
  it 's cold , but tbh this temperature ( or even colder ) happens every year and people cry about it every year as well , it 's not too bad .
