  it 's not even potato , it can be just semi-old pc , even if the game runs at 120fps medium graphics the client still lags a shit ton without low-spec . 
  he got first blood both games this series . 
  i just stated a fact ... ? 
  if it 's an upvoted opinion - it 's not unpopular one . 
  this discussion has two sides and both of these sides have their correct arguments . 
  this is the best way to spot a silver player . 
  itt : `` every champion besides the ones i play are easy just click buttons and win '', 
  yeah the prize pool is considerable to be fair , and experience with playing international teams can be valuable for local competition . 
  the only thing from dreamhack that i 've watched is hearthstone but they seemed to handle it pretty well . 
  the rule violation is completely wrong ? 
  that post is a clear meme/joke and not actually addressing individuals ? 
  i mean the post definitely should be removed but the rule given seems to be so wrong lol, 
  you ca n't be serious if you think this message was actually addressed to carmac . 
  it 's pretty obvious satyrical joke . . 
  they actually are . 
  there were multiple instances of posts like this being deleted , but the reason was never `` addressing individuals '' but rather one line joke or memetic content . 
  they are not that great for competitive scene , but the community backlash when they were introduced kind-of reminded me of kayle changes . 
  eve is strongest if you are not stupid and know how to utilize it . 
  if you do , you should be level 12-14 by time enemies are level 10 . 
  well consider the fact there there are wayyy more tournaments with way bigger prizepools for original game ( age of empires ii the conquerors ) so it does not really seem like microsoft is invested into it what so ever . 
  it kind-of feels like a cash grab, 
  you really think he does n't get banned on his not mains ? 
  i have heard that glp works way better on him but i 'm not sure . 
  i 'd absolutely love it but i think it would be just too bm lol, 
  this is no way near an assassin meta . 
  there is only two viable assassins ( after leblanc got absolutely gutted in newest patch ) and both of them get countered by exhausts . 
  if anything it 's control meta . 
  where toplane plays zoning champs , midlane plays zoning champs , jungle and adc play high dps from abilities . 
  ah yes , the nerf i was talking about was on pbe , although on live she is already pretty weak ( `` cough '' her winrate `` cough '' ) while still being amazing in competitive for her map movements . 
  still i completely disagree about classifying this as anything like assassin meta . 
  i 'm fairly sure deletion would leave traces considering all the bills and donation information that get 's left behind . 
  not to mention this is multi-step process probably . 
  source : no clue how to it, 
  jokes aside i actually think og is looking stronger than roc/vitality, 
  1 ) yes this is scripting, 
  2 ) guys do not open this video with sound . 
  warning you before hand . 
  he says that na teams like envy put up a fight and og does n't when in reality it is exactly the different if you actually watch games . 
  all bottom tier na lcs teams just roll over and die without putting any fight or if they put it it 's absolutely messiest stuff you can see with no macro play . 
  i 'd agree with that . 
  na teams even in bottom has okay-ish players but they seem to have no coordination in game which in the end points to it being coaches/coaching staff fault . 
  as for leduck i feel his drafts are alright and they always have gameplan , it 's just that something always goes wrong which is hard to pinpoint is it coaches , players , language barrier , etc fault . 
  it 's a running joke about xpeke mom managing twitter/site and google translator articles because in one of the player leaving article there was a lot of grammar errors . 
  ah yeah it was some random polish jungler ~ 500lp challenger , ca n't remember his name as well . 
  well she was always popular because of how versatile she is and how little counters there is to her . 
  the best thing to pick against her is comfort champions that you wo n't lose lane on and try to play better mid/late . 
  somebody put a replay of misfits coach saying he would not know what to do with roccat players since they are not individually enough to play atleast even . 
  i do n't know why but this `` unfuck his team '' really made me laugh . 
  he was , although not even remotely close to what he achieved with league . 
  this is regandryke . 
  he has been living the past year writing full of sh * t comments justifying his actions . 
  checking op.gg will determine if it 's smurf or not though and it takes like 10seconds to do . 
  i always check op.gg if someone asks me mid , too bad it 's usually some d5 0lp 48 % winrate zed that has 70 % winrate on maokai but says he is autofilled to top . 
  i was talking about checking your teammate who is asking for role op.gg not enemies . 
  i 'll be honest with you . 
  what you just wrote is very very silly . 
  first of all we are not talking about linking your main account or defering to your other accounts rank , we are talking about checking that smurf profile itself to see if he has high enough winrate to let him carry your ass towards more lp . 
  you are basically willingly denying lp while if he was on enemy team and gotten his role you would be crying out yours tears about him stealing yours . 
  not to mention most of the smurfs are made for accounts on other servers/to try out champs you do n't usually play in ranked environment . 
  edit : also a diamond adc in low plat will not carry a game in midlane . 
  trust me on that . 
  yeah exactly . 
  there is insane amount of people on the planet . 
  this lpt is completely irrelevant for 99.9 % of us . 
  although many of that percent thinks they are important enough for anyone to care about them . 
  if you are talking with your husband about which politician you like more , that does not mean cia is listening to you and will arrest you and use it against you some time later . 
  they actually were n't , riot said themselves when removing it that it was literally completely irrelevant and not used for any information . 
  well speaking of that you just gave me an idea as to how blitzcrank got his name, 
  i know that before leblanc rework i had a nickname which very strongly indicated that i only play leblanc no matter where , and i can tell you whenever i got toplane or autofilled to supp my team would 95 % ban leblanc , even though the average banrate of her was like ~ 5 % . 
  i never hovered her but i think just seeing my nickname + the role i got made them instantly ban it lol, 
  yeah but that 's the point . 
  it is a normal mid lane champion . 
  now consider the fact if you had leblanc otp on toplane or support . 
  people just do n't want to take chances . 
  omg deficio and quickshot for this match . 
  i `` m so happy, 
  yeah i was otp old leblanc and i ca n't even touch the new one without starting to cry : /, 
  yeah but it 's not worth the risk in case you ca n't close out the game you wo n't be given the chance to remake and gl playing vs invisbile orianna ball lol, 
  alright , i smell some fresh drama . 
  it is unfair , but that does not make them incorrect . 
  a good team will be able to shake off the tilt to play good , and discuss the matter with riot and officials after the fact . 
  please also do this with leblanc . 
  rappel lasts way longer than fizz e, 
  she is definitely fine lol . 
  if it would be so easy as you are saying she would be perma banned/picked . 
  and in reality she is not anywhere close that . 
  she has her fair share of weaknesses and strenghts and can be utterly destroyed by some compositions . 
  * lose, 
  sorry , i just had to . 
  unlucky man , you posted this message during american hours and when europeans were sleeping . 
  fcking lmao automoderator . 
  ( it was shittymorph 's post ), 
  wait do people call it dragon anywhere ? 
  wait , so that 's why i was actually decent at rumble when i picked it up , viktor is my third most played champion . 
  leblanc is not being picked in any major region atm besides few straggler games and also has second lowest winrate in soloq . 
  they were not wrong . 
  right before games begun there was a guy in twitch chat saying `` ca n't wait to see febi destroy that sh * thead boosted exileh . . love it . 
  oh my god this feels almost as bad as the malz 1v5 steal, 
  well actually ivern is correct , usually players ( including pro players ) do not smite objectives when there is no opponents in the game that can steal it . 
  well it 's not like there was any opponents that can steal it  you do not need vision if enemies are dead ( also they had more than enough vision on enemy team jungle to know where lucian was ),
