  if we do not watch streams in their timezone we do not know them from anywhere lol only from previous championships from which we know players from all regions . 
  i mean i worked through summer in high school in one of the call centers and it was a completely fine job with a decent ( for a highschooler ) paycheck . 
  was n't too much interaction with the staff or anything . 
  never seen advertisements like those for a call center though . 
  it still is a tool for arranging parties and meeting people in university , atleast where i live ... 
  i do n't think normal people use it for any other purpose other than it 's original one :p ( and also contacting people from time to time ), 
  i 'm having the same feeling . 
  got around to watching got , 13 reasons why and house of cards just because of reddits post , i feel this one should be good as well . 
  looking at the season , rekkles and samux both performed better than zven . 
  wait , what the fuck , i just learned about fake cash with bible quotes that religious groups produces as a tip for service , then i learned about college 's / universities for certain religion people and now i read about abstinence pledge ? 
  i 'm starting to feel like european christians and usa christians should be divided into two seperate religions at this point, 
  well , yeah . 
  religion was always divided into different denominations , i even attended quite a few different ones when i was younger , but they all seemed to have very similar approach to religion as a whole , and all of them were under direct control of the pope . 
  on the other hand a lot of religious followers in united states seems to be doing things condemned by the religious authorities . 
  perhaps i do n't know something , maybe america 's christians are not in control of the pope anymore ? 
  i actually have no idea about that . 
  alright , thank you for explanation . 
  i guess if i said `` catholics '' i would 've been correct . 
  i knew the history of martin luther and specifically lutheranism , calvinism and anglicanism , and the fact that they do not follow the pope . 
  but i quite genuinely thought that americans were actually catholics rather than protestants , so thank you for clearing that up . 
  i guess it sort-of makes sense as you noted that european settlers came from countries with mostly protestantism views . 
  i always assumed protestants were mostly located in slavic and nordic countries only , so i guess i was mistaken . 
  i have n't had the chance to deal with protestant church in my life what so ever , so i really lack knowledge in that subject . 
  damn it is italian ? 
  i 've seen this brand often in my country as well . 
  jesus christ that 's fucking ruthless, 
  yeah . 
  towards the end it becomes pretty clear that even draco malfoy was not actually evil , unlike his father . 
  if you ask any midlane main he will say that talon is a winning matchup into cassiopeia by far . 
  it 's one of the if not the worst matchups for cassio . 
  well casters missed a lot of things . 
  like when exileh got duskblade at like 10min casters only noticed it and said that he `` just '' bought duskblade at like 14th min . 
  not to mention they missed the fight when exileh hit level 6 and jumped onto cassio , forced ult + exhaust and backed off . 
  i 'm fairly sure today when i checked at the start of the stream , twitch had only 18k viewers and youtube had 17k viewers , so i 'm surprised that youtube stream actually caught up to twitch, 
  eu does watch eu though , it 's just that eu get 's only watched by eu while na get 's watched by both eu and na . 
  fun fact , i know nothing of sneaky , doublelift , xpecial , aphromoo . 
  but i do know history of vizicsacsi ( even since his aom days ) , poe , rekkles , soaz , jankos . 
  i think it 's mostly about what you are interested in . 
  i did not imply anything that would oppose your message ? 
  please read before you post a comment lol, 
  might be true , i did start watching only at the start of season4 , however , i think it might only be with the fact i do n't watch `` streamers '' , in general i find the concept of watching ranked league games really boring , hearthstone or pubg is so much more interesting to watch than league , however exact opposite goes for e-sports where league is much more interesting than those games . 
  yeah i tend to agree , watching on youtube just feels so much better . 
  damn , your comment really resonates with me . 
  i was explaining to some suicidal friends of mine for a long time practically exactly same thing , that the best thing about suicide , it 's that it 's only up to you . 
  you can not be denied that right no matter what happens to you . 
  it 's always going to be an opportunity you will be able to do . 
  so why not go full `` idgaf about life '' and do whatever the fuck you want , in the end if everything fails and you still want to do it - you will be able to . 
  i 'm fairly sure there are a lot of charities who are non-religious ( at least in my area , you could search for them ! ), 
  even if they are religious , do not fall into the stereotypes that all religious people hate x or y and all believe in z or k. people are different . 
  also diseases does not choose people based on their sexuality !, 
  sure there is higher chance to get hiv being gay , but statistics tells that there are just as much if not more hiv positives who are straight  do n't give up too easily , at least put up a fight !, 
  i could also add that the best way to make sure a person get 's professional help - is to slowly , very slowly talk about it . 
  do not , almost under any circumstance unless you already find her bleeding with cut wrists give her into professional treatment without her consent . 
  i 've known people who felt betrayed by that move and got even more depressive . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  although that was only my experience , perhaps others have different stories to share . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i remember reading a small extract of that book in my school book . 
  never picked it up , but after reading a short summary it really sounds pretty interesting . 
  you are correct about the patron point , but at high legend it was n't `` just op '' it was absolutely fucking hilarious . 
  i remember watching streamers and the top25 legend ladder was all patron players . 
  it was absolutely insane . 
  i think that was the time where asmodai ( streamer ) got popularity as well by spamming patron warrior in absolute top legend . 
  well most people play original aoe2 on voobly rather than laggy steam version, 
  i can tell you some encouraging things , i think others might be better at it . 
  but you should check a psychologist rather than a psychiatrist . 
  psychiatrist job is to write recipes for pills and fix mental problems chemically ( well at least most of the time ) while psychologist usually tries to talk with you , and only on the very rare edge cases sends someone to psychiatrist . 
  anyways , good luck !, 
  i hope you can get through all of that , you already fought way more than any human could , and you should be proud of yourself , even if any more trouble might break you , try to find new options/hobbies , do not try to avoid new things , it might always be the little thing that could save your live !, 
  i swear to god , ever since i started actively traveling around europe , i started measuring the cost of living by a price of big mac lol . 
  i literally can not answer a single of these questions . 
  i guess if my account get 's hacked i 'm fucked lol, 
  i 'm kinda happy ... . relevant flair i suppose, 
  i mean it is not as simple as that . 
  palestinians did get fucked over in their homeland and israel has done a bunch of shit to them , on the flipside , israeli government by doing that sort of stuff is protecting their citizens . 
  when we move onto kurds , sure kurds have been fucked over by turkey/iraq way more and i 'm fairly sure they are the biggest victims of all the nonsense in middle east, 
  man , cs 1.6 ... 
  the golden times of gaming . 
  organizing teams through mirc was the shit ... 
  how can a talent be `` wasted '' when he even attended multiple worlds ? 
  wasted talent is when a player could 've done a lot of a region , but did n't do anything . 
  i think for eu you could argue pornstar zilean could be a contender, 
  i feel like i 'm slowly turning gay by watching romain, 
  can someone explain why americans classify sects as religion ? 
  there is no `` megachurches '' or `` tv programee churches '' in europe , simply cause it 's illegal . 
  and what atheism has to do with those things anyways ? 
  atheism is against religions , and those are in no way connected to any religion besides money aspect lol . 
  so the title of this does not make any sense . 
  quite simply actually . 
  anything that is determined as a sect seeking profits is outright banned . 
  and things like these are exactly what fits the definition of those . 
  if you think liberty includes brainwashing uneducated people into giving you money , i 've god some bad bad news for you lol . 
  well technically a cry for help is seek for attention . 
  they have the same meaning , although for some reason people associate seeking attention as a bad thing ( as if a highschool girl walking with short skirt to attract attention , not the `` people give me some attention because i 'm really looking forward to my death and feel like there is no escape '' thing . 
  i do think that it is an unfortunate situation and he should go there and try as best as he can to talk with his friend/call help if it does not help . 
  `` a sect is a subgroup of a religious , political , or philosophical belief system , usually an offshoot of a larger group . 
  although the term was originally a classification for religious separated groups , it can now refer to any organization that breaks away from a larger one to follow a different set of rules and principles . 
  ( straight from wiki , might not be the best resource but meh ) '' not the hardest concept to grasp . 
  no religion is supposed to be making profit , so if a `` religious group '' disobeys the official religion guidelines and makes conscious decisions in profiting , it 's a profit seeking sect . 
  damn , this is actually really good .
