  no clue why you are getting downvoted , macro is map play , awareness , micro is exactly what he did there perfectly . 
  dodging/autoing/moving at same time is - microing, 
  did you ever tune in on his hitbox stream ? 
  dude the donations to him flow 24/7 , he makes shitloads of money still, 
  well steelback used to be pretty bad , he has insanely improved this year though . 
  also he won 3:1 against uol ( veritas ) and veritas was definitely not the reason uol got that win ^ ^, 
  the thing is , having such a big weakness as really weak laning phase ( he lost in minions to literally every enemy adc ) is really exploitable in competitive , and it 's enough to consider him weak . 
  while right now he is considered one of the better laners , clear improvement, 
  it was g2 after all though , we kind-of expected it, 
  leblanc and kassadin ... i do n't even know why ... i just love mobility and assasination potential i guess, 
  actually pro play is already on the new patch and vlad is still pretty much pick/ban, 
  i was blamed for scripting multiple times before even anyone calling out my names ( saying like nice scripts ) and i will always answer who you talking about because enemy team will always blame me ( because it usually happens when i 'm insanely fed ) so it 's not really that fishy , it 's just the guy that you will accuse probably knows beforehand because he just played well . 
  god i 'm absolutely enjoying this , i hope finals will have even more drunk cast since it 's freaking amazing, 
  i do n't think anyone above ~ plat has that function enabled since it can really fuck up the wave and you have no control over it besides just spamming movement commands, 
  definitely very good song , not exactly my favourite song of them , but still very good . 
  completly agree with you , it seems that on musical part this song is definitely up there , but on lyrics part it 's kind-of lacking . 
  eu has ~ 13streams at the same time . . do n't forget it ... 
  that 's why na had more viewers every year ... you just proved his point, 
  ofcourse you get less gold while jungling , that was the case all the way since season 1 , but you can change it yourself by snowballing with ganks and getting your team ahead . 
  to be honest not really , last season most hyped eu games were getting 200 ~ k viewers , this year 130k viewers , last year na most hyped games were getting 400 ~ k viewers , right now 190k viewers watching imt vs tsm , both region viewers dropped a lot , arguably na dropped even more . 
  last season tsm vs clg had 400k viewers in regular season , right now most hyped game tsm vs imt 190k viewers . 
  you have to be blind to not see a decline in viewers . 
  ( which might not actually mean anything in the * league is dying * topic , because it can also be influenced by timezone and more games in regular season ), 
  being leblanc main i got happy by reading your post . 
  so many people complain about her one-shot potential , or lane pressure , but her passive is probably one of the least appreciated passives in the game , even though it 's incredibly strong, 
  i 've no clue in what elo you are playing , but having two kills in 15minutes right now you will make huge impact unless you misplay massively . 
  nautilus is definitely viable , because his clear is pretty healthy , and his ganks are super scary , dr.mundo not so much though . 
  so do i , even though i still hope for unicorns to take the 2-0, 
  you do realize this game did n't matter for either of those teams since they have locked in their spots ? 
  he did shake , he was the first in line, 
  after he got banned from riot events gg said that he was forced to make that video in order to be allowed to play league . 
  really suprised noone said varus . 
  his ult is pretty weak in general . 
  and having double q 's for teamfights and lane would be insane, 
  the bronze one, 
  fnc org did n't kick him , he left by himself . 
  you said * i doubt fnc org made this decision lightly * there is no decision to be made when the coach leaves . 
  he leaves . 
  that depends on the contract . 
  you do n't know how the contract he signed looked like . 
  there is good chance he could leave at his own will . 
  also if coach says to management `` i want to leave '' pretty much every org will let him go , since it 's better to find someone new , than to let a guy coach that does n't even want to do it ( and likely will not do a good job of it then ) not to mention the fact fnatic has big coaching staff that can take over . 
  ptsd intensifies, 
  i 'd suggest reading her passive, 
  he has tsm flair , do n't question his thoughts !, 
  probably means that last year there was a lot of people ( especially in these power rankings ) ranking up lpl teams really high , but they got crushed in worlds . 
  now the same rankings and same people rank na really high , so he expects them to get crushed the same way lpl teams did, 
  i 'm not sure if you are being sarcastic but you do realize these games were for fun the same way when tsm picked teemo ? 
  as far as i remember he was injecting heroin while listening to papa roach while he filled it out, 
  you know it !, 
  if these buffs goes through as a leblanc main i refuse to play midlane, 
  i feel so sad that there is so much hype about h2k vs fnc and nothing about my unicorns ; _ ;, 
  did you just said that leblanc has equal waveclear to brand ... ? 
  that matchup is way more dependant on brand skill , than on leblanc skill . 
  pre level 6 leblanc with good dodging will crush brand , after level 6 the ult bouncyness with her passive and low cooldowns will wreck her fairly quickly, 
  i 'll repeat what i said to other guy . 
  this matchup is mostly dependant on brand skill . 
  sure good leblanc will dodge everything through level 1-6 thus gaining quite big adventage . 
  after that one brand combo landing will mean her death . 
  not to mention his ult will usually kill her due to her passive . 
  if leblanc does n't get solokill this matchup swings in brand favour quite heavily . 
  i 'd suggest reading not only that part of the message . 
  the only way brand can lose this matchup is if he fucks it himself . 
  leblanc has no way to force plays or do damage because for that she has to jump face blank to brand ( unless brand get 's caught by her chain which would be huge mistake ) and then brand can land easiest stun on her life . 
  so the only way for leblanc to trade with brand is to bait out his stun . 
  which is easy to do since most players especially at lower elo 's are impatient . 
  the moment you see a good brand when you are leblanc you know you are completly fucked . 
  he wo n't use any abilities on you . 
  just basic ring of fire on the wave and wait for you to make one play , and then he will punish . 
  and punish hard . 
  there is no react or not react to brand q. 
  as leblanc jumps in . 
  there is 0.5 s delay till she goes back . 
  this is enough time for brand to get his combo off on her . 
  good brand will start doing his combo as she is flying mid-air . 
  except you will never get to use this combo in higher elo 's . 
  the combo i find myself using the most is w  q + r + e  w ( back ), 
  i can only write my own favourites, 
  the phantom agony :, 
  cry for the moon, 
  the facade of reality, 
  another me in lack ` ech, 
  the divine conspiracy :, 
  chasing the dragon, 
  martyr of the free word, 
  fools of damnation, 
  my favourite song of them , and quite underrated in my opinion - monopoly on truth, 
  yes . 
  it 's usually only a poke combo indeed . 
  the chain landing is pretty rare but does end up in a kill if happens . 
  not to mention if you get fed , the moment you hit level 16 and completed rabadons ( i disagree on building luden 's on leblanc in the first place because you need to get rabadons/voidstaff combo pretty fast imho ) you can one-shot adc or apc who has n't got abysall/hexdrinker/qss, 
  as other guy replied to you i will reply as well . 
  in lcs this combo is done not because it 's good combo , but purely for scouting the enemy team forces safely . 
  that speech is more of an eastern european thing though ( the guy in clip was lithuanian ), 
  i wish he would stream : / i would love to see him streaming some aom as well in off-season ^ ^, 
  i should get priority as a leblanc otp, 
  well it 's pretty obvious to anyone that plays leblanc that it would ruin her identity, 
  age of mythologies : the titans, 
  hi , i 'm foreigner , could someone explain to me what does `` hacking a dj '' mean ? 
  edit : ty for answer,
