  meh , i feel so bad for na ` vi though , so much hype , they coming to lol finally , slowly announcing their roster ... and bam ... does n't even qualify to cs . 
  yeah this would be an annoying champion . . 
  honestly , i started leveling up new account , not writing single message in chat . 
  so far 35-8 on my account , but still every game constains tons of flamers , and every two/three games there is people like going jungle without smite or asking what summoner spells are good etc ( clear newbies ) so im not sure about the part that smurfs are grouped together pretty fast ... 
  not sure what twitch chat are you reading , but whenver he is about to take shot entire chat spams do n't , no , stop , etc etc. . 
  salt, 
  if he 's actually joking trolling like that while incredibly drunk this guy is just on another fcking level . 
  fresh out of memechamber, 
  twitch admitted they turned of his stream , which means he will get some sort of punishment ( 90 % ) so it 's pretty similar case . 
  edit : but yeah after reading more , i see what you mean , thanks for answer . 
  well good for us gosu is n't considered pro ... yet, 
  i recently visited exact place that is located here ( sardinia , italia ) and holy crap the pizza is delicious there , impossible offer without pizza ggwp, 
  oh my ... just take an upvote, 
  when your men smells like old spice and not a lady !, 
  lol salt in this post is so overhelming . 
  you are just bad buddy ,, 
  are you dumb ? 
  they are shouting steeeeeeeeve like in every single elements game since he arrived . . 
  yeah , yesterday i had a guy named nuckfiggers or something like that , strangest thing he was n't banned with that nickname , not only that proceeded to flame all game long and feed , then started saying racistic stuff ( like do n't explode tumblr ahmed moron , go back to arabia ... ) etc. . . 
  i could n't believe how that guy was n't even banned lol, 
  i completly disagree ( bias flair hehe ) but if you compare last year unicorns , with this year unicorns , this year unicorns have pretty amazing macro play , and clear plan to win the game , diamond was n't the shotcaller , he was good ? 
  playmaker but he is n't irreplacable, 
  not sure what game you watched , but powerofevil sucked just as much as soaz and amazing . 
  only zven and mithy played good . 
  edit : zven x_x, 
  see you next week, 
  losing * not loosing, 
  i agree on part that poe is playing awfully right now , but actually ahri is third most popular midlaner in all regions when combined right now , i 'm not sure if you actually watch other regions besides korea ( your flair . . ), 
  yeah im leblanc otp and i notice this bug a lot , its quite annoying imo, 
  edit : no clue why im getting downvoted , but this bug is quite annoying indeed , and it happens when played on low ping enviroment ( 15-30ping ), 
  that 's arguably stupidiest thing i 've read in a while, 
  depends on some countries , studying makes it possible to delay army in some countries , in some other countries emigration or sports ( eh ... esports not sure about it ) allows delaying it , others like korea only by giving up citizenship, 
  i disagree with this removal , well removal does follow the rules , but i disagree with the rule in general , i think posts like these should be allowed before big events , because it really helps for people who are travelling to see the game played live , and it 's really hard to find such specific information otherwise . 
  ( also you might correct me , but were n't such posts allowed before ? ), 
  or tsm baron skin, 
  technically . . poe could n't do anything when everyone of them ( besides amazing , he played decent ) kept getting caught every second, 
  to msi you mean ? 
  i think removal reason `` no personal stories allowed '' would 've fit more, 
  alright , thanks for the answer, 
  im not upset or anything , it 's just that in almost every single multiplayer game online ( lol , dota cs : go . . ) writing death threats and super racist messages can warrant a ban , 
  i thought it would be most important thing to talk about aswell . 
  well ... that 's an unexpected meme , but it fits, 
  is there any country/age restriction ? 
  you better not ... 
  almost every single person said they will be on relegations or 7th place , somehow they always ended up in top 4 , i guess this split will be no different in people opinions . 
  eh midlane is fairly even , deffinetly huge upgrade on jungle though, 
  inb4 double troll, 
  exactly , people dont put enough blame on hybrid , second to last fight he used ultimate when he was dead , twice used flash defensively and was waiting for pulverize combo so long that fight was already over whe he used it . . 
  have faith my unicorn brothers, 
  all three that you mentioned ( ryze , azir , leblanc ) has less than 50 % winrate ... 
  so your entire post is basically a rant without any real point . . 
  that 's true . 
  still deserves to be mentioned though, 
  who the fuck cares about splyce or vitality when my unicorns are playing < 3, 
  i got sad just by reading this : /, 
  lovely < 3, 
  it 's amazing item on orianna , played few times in soloq , the shield increase on her e is insanely huge, 
  sv/warmogs are usually items that vladimir rushes these days . 
  sometimes hextech protobelt, 
  but more personalitits, 
  it 's garbage on most midlaners . 
  not on orianna/lulu/karma though . 
  all unicorns unite !, 
  they did ? 
  you can buy champion shards, 
  oh god if uol would get poe and kikis back i would wet my pants, 
  fox ... ? 
  fox is not on uol anymore ... ^ ^, 
  you are too sensitive . 
  end of the story, 
  i guess you have barely any clue about football in the very first place to even write a sentence like that , actually it 's really popular match and a lot of people is watching that game . 
  where is the link to the thread ? 
  eh , as leblanc otp i 'm sweating just from reading the title . 
  also she is definitely not cancer to play against , and if you are smart you have decent chances , it 's just that alot of people do n't know how to play vs her , then they feed her and complain she can one-shot them . 
  also difference between average leblanc and good leblanc is really huge, 
  reunite my unicorn brothers !, 
  let 's goooooo !, 
  but that 's exactly the opposite of what bible says ... bible never mentions earth creation date , it does n't mention anything about fossils either ... 
  i have read the bible myself . 
  the part about god creating earth and being written in bible is true , but the age of earth is never actually mentioned , also the bible does n't actually deny existence of dinosaurs either , even a lot of catholics i personally know totally believes that dinosaurs existed . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that theory about new earthers does n't make any sense . 
  we are famous !, 
  i think it 's because h2k lost to the last placed eu lcs team < 3, 
  riot has offline client for tournaments , so yes , they are actually safe from ddos attacks . 
  yes , but let 's face the facts . 
  let 's assume 20 % want toplane and 30 % wants midlane ( rest goes bot/sup/jng ) since i have priority set on midlane it should atleast even out the chances to 50/50 % , even if it does n't i would still get midlane atleast every two or every three games , but not getting the role i want in one of 13games is just ridicilious, 
  i do n't think it 's possible to provide proof of that , but looking at my profile it should make a pretty clear cut that i 'm midlane main , and i would indeed queue up as midlane . 
  i doubt any rioter will bother to check , but if they do , they will see that i indeed queued up as midlane . 
  by quick search i found this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/49tr9l/i_queued_for_100_normal_draft_games_in_the_past_2/, 
  which would even suggest that midlane is less wanted role than toplane , but this was done in normal draft games . 
  i 'm really not confident on jax to win lane with him , so i rather try to survive it , where grasp helps a lot ^ ^, 
  well then ... 
  i guess that would also explain their sudden performance issues this summer split, 
  lol it 's not available anywhere in europe , people just download the . apk file and play . . 
  sorry to break it to you if you still have n't done that, 
  edit : might 've worded it bad , i 'm fully aware they are starting to release now , but pretty much every single europe country has been playing it through . apk for a while now . 
  please tell me someone made a gif of uol manager in g1, 
  this gets posted atleast every two days , always reaches frontpage and mods remove it , god can you for once look at forums yourself ? 
  it 's a visual bug . 
  hopefully he is happy that he left uol ...
