  do n't worry , poland is pretttttty big . 
  you can find a lot of different temperatures there , 
  i understand this has nothing to do with you but i find it quite funny when i joined there and went to specific channel there were like 4-5 people giving advices . 
  i listened to some of them and thought to myself `` wait that ca n't be right wtf they are talking about '' , fast forward few mins i ask them what rating they are and turns out they were all silvers . 
  why exactly were they giving advice to every new-comer ? 
  ah the good ol' cigarette while waiting for bus dilemma . 
  nah , the hatred came from people who were fans of multiple speedrunners who got banned from attending this event even from one or two swear words said on broadcast . 
  i 'd also like to add that huni/ro were very nice and kind guys while both caps and jesiz are considered pretty toxic and annoying to deal with . 
  god no not panth . 
  i used to play him a lot in high plat and thought he is pretty easy . 
  and then when levelling up my smurf i was matched vs few panth mains in silver/gold and holy jesus christ they have no idea how to play him even with 300 + games on him . 
  no idea when to trade , when to use q/how to back off . 
  when to back from succesful trade , how to place his ult corretly . 
  just everything was awful, 
  when this comment was posted there were insane amount of tsm flairs flaming the shit out of this post , eventually they all deleted the comments after becoming -20 -30 lol . 
  like the tsm fanboys usually do :p, 
  eh ... noone said that leblanc was unplayable . 
  they said she is ruined exactly the same what i said . 
  leblanc is completly different champion from what she used to be . 
  they might as well just removed old leblanc as a champion from the game . 
  noone called her useless but she is definitely not anywhere near as fun as she used to be . 
  i was one of the most activate leblanc mains subreddit visitors and a regular member in leblanc mains discord since i was otp leblanc . 
  you are clearly missing a point that ruined does not equal bad . 
  ruined means a champion was basically removed from the game , and leblanc was indeed basically removed from the game and replaced with completely new champion . 
  nobody who mained leblanc even tryed to imply that new champion was bad , they simply said that the new champion is completly different and completely lost her playstyle . 
  [ you will click it anyways ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/r390eid ), 
  i would n't call that outplay it 's more of perkz casually walking into turret range but it 's a very nice play ^ ^, 
  trust me as someone who has watched a lot of anime ... ... that 's still fucked up, 
  edit : yup , drawn 15year old girls are n't weird , keep it going reddit, 
  question was `` what is the worst color for a champion to be '' and answer was `` black '', 
  question was something like who gets kited and killed by singed gas easiest , and answer was `` the jews '', 
  i suppose if subs have no control over ads there is not much they can do , but it 's still strange and perhaps reddit moderators should be contacted about it . 
  ( especially considering it is illegal if riot games can fill a trial against those companies ), 
  alright . 
  thanks for the answer anyways . 
  are you joking ? 
  poe had highest damage in every single teamfight this game lol . 
  if anything it 's poe and alphari ( with the exception of ignar thresh/malzahar , but he 's support so hard to judge ) that were doing the heavy lifting . 
  not really . 
  poe usually had highest damage by landing a lot of stuns on moving targets and bursting them down , not to mention he was constant exhaust magnet ( i do n't think there was a single fight second game where he was n't exhausted lol ), 
  just watch on youtube . 
  there was constant ~ 40k viewers on there and quality is way better . 
  why would you need chat . . ? 
  camille does not get trapped in the ult so she would just walk away and watch fiora die either way, 
  yes , but how does fiora catch up to her then ? 
  she just keeps walking and turret keeps shooting , 
  nah , kassadin was thousand times worse lol, 
  well tsm took it yesterday and it did n't end well for them . 
  do n't bother explaining it to na fanboy . 
  na bragged about kaboom for so long and chose to completly ignore clg getting bodied by wildcard in s5, 
  you have been banned from r/pingpong, 
  if it was posted as `` a rioter has started his stream and has a sub button '' would it be allowed ? 
  that 's true , but at the same time we have to consider the fact that such thing as sub button or donations should be included and allowed automaticly , job offer should not restrict you from such things, 
  largest playerbase = / = largest server . 
  china has multiple servers . 
  wrong nickname , expected / u/fnc _ craps, 
  eu - singed , because of our rich history of chasing and gasing others ... uh ... . 
  i do n't want to blow your bubble but thresh hook is about the same range and lower travel speed and it is constantly landed even in lcs ... 
  i 'm sure the 4letters + space is very hard to handle for a description :p, 
  if you search up on youtube `` illuminati is real here is proof '' you will also get a lot of results , that does not exactly mean it 's true . 
  let 's be honest , even if we remove the article wording , it 's still fair to say uol expectations were extremely low , i remember that season was the first season i was watching lol ( or playing it for that matter ) and i always cheer for underdogs and i could n't stand how low the expectations were and how underrated a team with such a fun name was , and that was the reason ( together with vizicsacsi being ex-aom player , which i did n't know at the time that he was the famous magyar :p ) is why i support uol up to this day . 
  that does not change the fact that botlane has such a huge lane advantage and not only they do not get anything out of it , they even fall behind !, 
  well there was kikis , so that is a hard to overcome , let 's wait a bit, 
  til apparently i was model for a stock photo and became a meme, 
  what the fuck is your message . 
  `` jayce varus ezreal and occasional orianna/syndra '' ?????? 
  kogmaw and cassiopeia were practically perma-banned against him entire year because of how insanely good he was on those champions . 
  everyone knew that against uol it was basically 1ban because two of those champions were a must bans considering how insanely good he was on ap kog and old cassiopeia . 
  also varus was first time played on finals in 2015 spring . 
  finals . 
  edit : also he has never played jayce in competitive lol and ezreal was only played for two weeks on the runeglaive patch . 
  what are their plans for kingdom of heaven part 3 ? 
  if they are even planning on making one ( i think i 've read that they had plans for it ), 
  his 2015 most played champions are : orianna , ahri , cassiopeia , syndra , kogmaw . 
  only 1 out of 5 most played champions for him is a poke champion . 
  `` poe having to play pokes . '', 
  entire na is complaining about the fact they are not having the same format as eu has because eu format is way better . 
  and i tend toagree with them , this eu format is way better than na 's . 
  not to mention eu has around similar viewers like na does since eu has so much languages streaming ( just add up numbers in saturday/sunday streams tommorow from all streams and compare them to na ones later one , you will find they are practically the same ), 
  i think this year uol was once again a last minute potential option considering veritas departure , but uol themselves might not want him anymore, 
  deficio is on fire . 
  this casting ... jesus he is a monster, 
  this entire day casting by deficio + trevor was on point . 
  it 's actually amazing how much they bring to the broadcast and how much smiles they put on my face every day just hearing them . 
  i do n't necessarily agree that it 's all ego . 
  ego can lead to exact opposite of flaming as well . 
  i do not want to write my exact story and how i never flamed anyone in chat but i will just quote iwd about why he did n't flame `` i just saw all of those soloq players as inferior to me anyways , so why would i even bother talking to them or flaming them ? 
  ^ * might ^ not ^ be ^ the ^ exact ^ quote, 
  i will be honest with you , even if riven had no ult lvl 9 riven should not be dying to lvl 7 zyra , no matter how broken current zyra is ... 
  oh god how much i 'd love that . 
  would be awesome to hear with a proper live orchestra some of the newer songs like the holographic principle ( song ) and also some of the older ones that were n't featured such as facade of reality . 
  please guys , we are underdogs , do n't hype us : s, 
  except for the fact that 's how the game works . 
  uol mostly focused odoamne as well . 
  you have to kill the frontline before you can kill the backline most of the time . 
  exileh played amazingly , whenever they exhausted him or threw abilities at him he dashed back . 
  they are not unloading everything on hyli ... syndra q is 2,5 second cd it hurts nothing for her to attack him , ashe auto 's only one target she has in range . 
  the only time syndra ulted thresh was when exileh was on top of him and she clearly wanted to hit him instead ... 
  yeah exactly , those surveys only include specific set of champions lol . 
  exactly .
