  well time to ban udyr away from my junglers !, 
  i 'm afraid you have not seen hiiva/hachani play on stage . 
  joey atleast might improve after playing more games ... on the other hand ... 
  i doubt you will get a lot of recognition if you will add useless edits that makes the post removed quite quickly . . 
  lol as an european i actually had to read comments to understand what is different . 
  why would anyone put bible in hotel ?? 
  we just witnessed the most exciting play by csacsi/exileh/xerxe . 
  too bad all i heard is co-co-co-co, 
  fuck no , hjarnan was so amazing today . 
  * cough * gsock99 * cough *, 
  i also feel like uol would be able to cheer up rekkles and they all would become friends ; /, 
  there is n't ... ? 
  why then at the end of last stream they showed who had the most player of the games trophies then ? 
  i think there is . 
  there is always a name shown at the bottom after a game in the left ... 
  why the fuck is kassadin getting buffed . 
  oh my god it 's already amazingly good into some matchups especially in high elo and now with those buffs ( which are pretty big to be honest ) will make him super strong , i expect him to be banned a ton this patch . 
  just do n't go to 0lp . 
  that message of the guy above sounded as delusional as the `` i 'm b5 but i deserve diamond but my team is holding me back '' lol, 
  well that 's why i said his message was completely delusional, 
  oh cmon dyrus this is pstarzilean . 
  if you consider that message racist you 've no clue how the usual messages looks like ... 
  to be honest pstarzilean has n't been banned in a long time now . 
  interesting that he said that with each album their music gets harder . 
  i myself think tpa was harder than tdc and cto and design your universe was harder than rfti . 
  exileh will show poe his path of extinction, 
  i got dark star thresh three times , my friend ( support main ) absolutely hates me that i dissed it every single time because i do n't play him lol . 
  well if it counts vizicsacsi also played it for uol like 4 times . 
  i kind of understand his point though , that 's very strange grammar mistake to do even for a person who barely speaks english . 
  fair enough . 
  a bit too rude . 
  yeah i 'm so sad to see so much hatred . 
  i 'm big fan of aram because of the `` i do n't know which champion i 'm gon na get '' but it 's so much more fun to play it in sr so you can actually practise laning phase/cs ` ing and teamfighting with it . 
  as a person who used to be otp before rework , that rework was the worst they could 've done and i 'm praying they will reverse it like kog maw, 
  yes , a team having a fanclub ? 
  boy that is unheard of , i could not imagine any basketball or football team who has a fanclub , shit sounds insane yo !, 
  the guy who placed it originally just placed another one in another spot . . you ca n't have two control wards on map at same time . 
  to be honest our botlane was fucking mental this game . 
  hmm , front page already ... 
  slow day ? 
  simply put : attention seekers, 
  tips for getting to the finals arena ? 
  nah , the mod team would rather see you sit in the traffic and miss lol games because who cares about lcs anyways  ) ) ) ), 
  it does not go through magic immunity ( i suppose you mean something like true damage ) , but quite funnily it is considered one of the strongest spells in the game and practically the reason to pick this champion :p, 
  this might be off-topic but it reminds me a little bit of russia and her neighbours problem , each country has a set list of banned russian artists , but refuse to give it away , then after the artists schedule tours around the countries but are being denied the entry they lose a ton of money and the countries gather up a lot of hatred from people who are fans of the artist , because they do not publish the banned artist list ( see : eurovision 2017 ) so this situation reminded me of that . 
  also caps was in euw while tarzaned is in na . 
  na is no way near as toxic as eu , so very toxic players get way too much attention there for their toxicity and get filtered out fast . 
  oh yeah now i remember what happened last time this thread was posted and got a huge attention ( 1000 + upvotes ), 
  these mods are against e-sports for a while already . 
  i 'm still surprised they even allow post game threads with their attitude . 
  mm that smells fresh, 
  yeah but i heard it in past week on like 5 different streams and i think it came back to the meme meta . 
  i agree !, 
  when perkz/jankos were on the discussion table and were trashing eachother all the time everyone liked it because they were both doing and reacting to it . 
  the vote was done by players not by fans ... 
  perhaps smite kayle will do the trick !, 
  i think sheepy said it 's because that 's the only way she is allowed to watch the games live and hear the player coms live ( together with sheepy/romain in the waiting booth ), 
  i 'd also add that most people play not on steam but on voobly ( the original aoc version ), 
  exileh taking hai 's champ to proceed the reverse sweep !, 
  how is he only now on reddit , i used to watch him because i enjoy watching good singed gameplay but he has atleast 5videos on his channel of him doing that lol . 
  it 's not really anything new it 's up to riot to decide if they want to punish that behaviour . 
  this sentence is when i stopped reading . 
  seriously people need to stop being so insanely oblivious to their mistakes . 
  he probably does even more of those mistakes but he is too blind to realize them . 
  it feels like some mental block is just preventing them from realizing it . 
  i think someone already has made video of it and psychological aspects but cant find it now . 
  lol , let 's be honest here . 
  he has inted for like 10 + straight games in a row because he wanted lower division to get better gp stats . 
  he is also toxic af past days and flames everyone even when he feeds . 
  he has a problem do n't sugar coat it . 
  update :, 
  so for anyone interested she did actually provide some proof ... well , if you can call that proof . 
  apparently her numbers are from a leaflet she got from dr. paul cameron . 
  and just a quick google search will give you a good understand about that person ... fun quote from wikipedia : `` he established the institute for the scientific investigation of sexuality ( isis ) '' he is also widely known as very anti-gay person and even suggested death penalty to gay people . 
  yup i see nothinggggg wrong with that ... ... ^ / s, 
  she also released statement that she is releasing truth so we wo n't be brainwashed , which definitely reminded me of some people who might have different understand of how our earth looks like :p, 
  overall : yes , this story is batshit crazy and the fact there is people defending her is even more abnormal . 
  right now there are an ongoing investigation by police on her behavior for hatespeech and also minister of education said they might be looking to normalize christianity lessons course just like we do with every other lesson . 
  so hopefully something valuable will come off this story . 
  fun fact : christianity lessons are one of the only lessons that a teacher can give to a student without having university diploma here . 
  ( probably because there are no christian universities here ), 
  do people really consider rfti one of their weakest albums ? 
  i myself always enjoyed it the most out of all of their albums and consider it my favourite by far ( second being design your universe and third the holographic principle ), 
  idk where to check but i 'm almost sure his current main used to be called pornstarzilean7 . 
  so yes , he did got banned . 
  he never had a `` main '' account since all of his accounts would get banned . 
  eventually he stopped doing stupid sh * t and plays legit now . 
  his current : https://euw.op.gg/summoner/username=gangstarzilean, 
  eh ... tsm looked better so that 's promising , levi was way too confident in his ability to not get punished ... on the other hand ... stark ??? 
  i heard white power is pretty strong, 
  how long till riot gives him the `` on sight ban '' treatment ? 
  hopefully not long ... 
  i think trm has as much chances to survive post on sight ban as shaclone had . 
  which is basically none . 
  it 's likely he is going for this strategy , but he lacks the personality to do so , not to mention his super punchable face . 
  just livestream forsen to nk and deal is done . 
  forsene, 
  well , technically you are correct ... 
  as a side question . 
  in america you can use options when doing exams ???
