  because korean law prevents it , american law does n't have such rules , so its open for everyone . 
  just deal with it . 
  in this meta alot ( really alot ) of junglers has what you are looking for , it all depends on your comfort . 
  * and banned for a month . 
  someone 's seems salty . 
  alot of times people are afk cause of disconnection issues and other errors : here are current punishments, 
  1st time - type * i agree to not afk *, 
  2nd time . 
  5min before game, 
  3rd time 5min before game 5times . 
  4th time 20min before game 5times, 
  5th time 20min before game 10times . 
  forward on . 
  bans for day/week/month . 
  also afk system is automated , and system automaticly checks for player movements and clicks , and if they do n't find any player is automaticly punished . 
  also i should mention , that over time ( over games played/days passed ) next punishment decays . 
  if you were afking 3times , but you didnt afk past ~ 50-100games , you might receive only 5min/before game punishment . 
  because dota 2 is a free game too , with way less workers , and way more features . 
  its just comparison . 
  for example, 
  ice cream company do n't owe you to make tasty ice creams , but you will choose their opponents ice cream instead . 
  and what 's so bad about it ? 
  when i got stuck in league , the thing that helped me , instead of looking for your * main * or * comfort * champion , try to learn as much champions for various positions as you can , and always try to counterpick enemy . 
  no matter in which position . 
  it helps alot in climbing  good luck on your climb to diamond . 
  top rumble, 
  supp leona . 
  i think you know where im going with that ... :d, 
  * bronze, 
  nunu and shaco would like to have a word with you , 
  that 's not the point of shaco , your point is not to kill buffs/monsters in enemy jungle , your point is to kill enemy jungler , and he is the one who you should be looking for at all times . 
  dota 2 has way less workers working on the game than riot games , you can check yourself . 
  ziggs/xerath are not really picked ... ? 
  you should replace them with jayce and cassiopeia , and that should be about right . 
  you ca n't do anything only if you have leavebustered , you can do whatever you want while you wait for dodge timers , you do n't need to wait it with * starting game * screen , you can just browse items/profiles while waiting . 
  just do n't open timer . 
  and op.gg for your personal stats/winrates/kda 's etc. 
  taric is not confirmed to be gay champion in the first place . 
  there is ban waves , that automaticly permanently bans all people like him , if cathced doing it multiple times can even get ip banned . 
  just wait till ban wave, 
  cassiopeia would 've killed you even faster there . 
  you are allowed to play on lcs only from age 17 , probably just not updated, 
  you crit only on slowed target , all your abilities and basic attack slows target , but they are not slowed in the first hit , so first basic attack will never crit , also if slow decays , it wont crit again . 
  in your place i would send support ticket , honestly this behaviour is very annoying , im not suprised its a riven player, 
  same as you would lose your first 10games . 
  dodge in series - loss, 
  9/10 not nunu bot, 
  if you have less than 10champions to unlock , you get skin instead of champion . 
  because ezreal is supposed to be out of range of everyone entire team , cause he is super squishy . 
  if you play in a sense , that you move in close enough to smite range , you are probably playing too risky , also rangers restores mana . 
  they picked wrong champion , and were n't offered a remake from riot employees , coach asked riot why they did n't offer a remake , turns out it was riot fault to not offer it , so they had to offer it mid-game, 
  obviously a tactical thing . 
  lol this system is around for a year , and wow you just discovered it , lets post a reddit post about it . 
  its ~ 1month ban if first time offense . 
  that 's exact opposite of what you are saying . 
  they were n't offered a restart , they were only offered it when it was 20min into the game . 
  please read mystery champion rules before posting reddit post . 
  it clearly states . 
  you have to have more than 10available champions . 
  i 've counted today already 100 + threads was asking this . . 
  please . . is it so hard, 
  proof ? 
  just reading your comments makes me understand you are the type of person , that gets always muted by me in first minute . 
  oh my god . 
  click r/leagueoflegends/new and 95percent of threads are asking this question . 
  but its sooo hard to read that i will just make a new reddit thread and pretend i ca n't read . . that 's how your mind works i see . 
  10 or less champions . 
  learn to read buddy . 
  go ahead and switch . . its not like you will be missed . 
  if you own 10 , you still get mystery skin . . not sure why you are writing support ticket . 
  i do n't think you understyand yourself what you are writing . . 
  its two weeks already they are there . . 
  billion would be exact word for that . 
  do n't play blindpick . 
  well nasus is biggest tryndamere counter , with good nasus player tryndamere might aswell just go as support when he see 's he is versus nasus, 
  kassadin received pretty nice buff , and is in pretty decent spot vs ap casters . 
  fizz received change into another change , he was n't nor nerfed nor buffed . 
  alladin . . ? 
  leblanc got slightly nerfed , on competitive 0ping it makes big difference , but in soloq there hardly feels any difference . 
  we all know how vital that rylai is on ad corki :d, 
  galio . 
  have fun, 
  you play riven and akali , you deserve it . 
  relevant flai ... . wait what the hell is that champ, 
  its usual people after getting such amount of game bans never get unbanned , there is almost none case you would get unbanned , since you earnt enough toxicity * levels * to get permanently chat restricted . 
  there is people who got 1k then 3k , then even 15k chat restriction messages , even when they not chat at all . 
  you misspelled the title sooooo hard that i do n't even know where to begin . 
  also kassadin is in decent spot , and vs ap mages he is very good pick . 
  galio too ... 
  azir was 39percent winrate , when he was almost constantly banned in lcs . 
  bad winrate does n't equal bad champion . . 
  that means average mmr on silver ii is 1223 , and your 1,338 mmr is the average for gold5, 
  was that hard to understand ? 
  i count two . . maybe your counting skills are different . 
  you can understand your mmr by , what you gain more , do you gain more lp when you win , or you lose more lp when you lose . 
  if you win more lp than you lose / game your mmr is higher than average in your division , if from other side - lower . 
  if he gets contract with montly payment , i do n't see why it would be bad decsision , alot of pro lol players has done the same after they received offer . 
  if he did n't get contract , that 's risky . 
  if he is playing without salary - that 's stupid . 
  he had 39winrate for a while .
