  he really did not though lol , are you okay ? 
  hopefully not, 
  i think gudaitis is just way more aggressive than jv , so as long as people keep fouling him gudaitis should be very useful, 
  the fuck is this foul ? 
  adas barelly even touched beli way after the shot and he got a foul ? 
  tfw you score almost half of your team points , but you still lose by 32 points . 
  well , as a professional detective with phd in reddit and 4chan mysteries i can safely deduce that he checked his skype . 
  well , that 's entire `` almost '' more than my usual self, 
  is it really destroyed by the blair samples ? 
  the second dialogue bridge into the hard part worked perfectly for the song and i remember getting goosebumps the first time i heard it . 
  i 'm fairly sure the cosmic algorithm was widely accepted as one of the worst songs of the album , especially it 's really easy to see the sharp contrast to let 's say the holographic principle ( song ) , which is an absolute work of art . 
  well , i guess you do not like seif al din either , which is a lovely song to me even after hearing it many times , same as for, 
  it is a reasonably common name in lithuania, 
  oh my fucking god fournier, 
  so you mean retired or retired ? 
  damn that old school reference lmao, 
  basically half of your comment history contains of hate speech and insults . 
  i think you might have a problem dude . 
  complaining about internet karma points seems way more immature than anything this guy have done so far , 
  except way more irrelevant, 
  and how is this relevant to the bug this topic is talking about ? 
  considering it is meth , probably worse . 
  the reports lmfao . 
  salty tsm fans are having too much `` targeted harassment at someone else '' `` faggot '' lul, 
  you seem to be missing the main point - nobody gives a flying fuck about hillary . 
  people who hate trump do not automatically support hillary , actually exactly the opposite of it . 
  most of them support neither . 
  you are so fixated on hillary that you are completely missing outside world . 
  i swear to god the only people that still talk about her are trump supporters . 
  dude , i just looked through his post history . 
  this guy pretty much posts only hate comments and insults , is a mod of / suckingtits and frequent poster in incels, 
  holy fucking shit i actually found one of them . 
  i only read about people like him existing, 
  so you dont believe riot about how riot 's system works ? 
  hmmm ... 
  so you dont believe riot about how riot 's systek works ? 
  hmmm ... 
  yes , i 'm absolutely sure every single of your reports is for people writing death threats . 
  hm , interesting . 
  thanks for the info, 
  that might be the stupidest assumption i 've ever read for a person not knowing a vine made by some 15year old girl probably . 
  meh , if you live under min wage here there is no way in fucking hell you would buy rp . 
  also the banks are kinda irrelevant i think , everyone i know uses paypal for online payments anyways . 
  you have an interesting definition of fun . 
  the fuck you are talking about ? 
  why would he conceded ? 
  he got a draw out of the game , it was n't a win for either side lol . 
  i mean forsen was streaming live from the beach and twitch was fine with that . . 
  so like . . 
  i think it 's okay . 
  works fine for me , at least now, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  hahaa all priests are rapists hahaa, 
  during c9 game youtube got to 97k, 
  i do n't know man , h2k and uol in berlin and they have good fanbases, 
  it feels like most of the `` popular group '' artists are already featured here though , i would hardly see it changing without needing to tighten the images to fit more . 
  11 +4 : thinking :, 
  2-3weeks ago riotlyte announced toxicity check system to ban toxic people , games got way more enjoyable , way less toxic people , but 3-4 days ago i started noticing a huge rise of toxicity , everyone flaming eachother , making death threats almost every single game , games in silver-gold became almost impossible to play , even in aram people wishing death just because you are not building suggested items ( e.x.full ad vi ), 
  what happened ? 
  did all toxic people just got out of bans and they are not receiving bans again ? 
  a lot of people are talking about ranked anxiety , they feel nervous and stressed when they play those , but me myself got another anxiety , duoq anxiety . 
  i just feel so nervous whenever friend/or even random soloq person asks for duoq , i just feel very stressed and forced to do good , so i just reject every duoq offer even though i get those quite a bit . 
  is there any way to deal with it ? 
  i have no trouble playing ranked games , also i was never in my life punished for flame so i 'm very calm too . 
  i got internet disconnection at start of the game , after 1hour logged in , it said i won the game ( instead of leaving ) and the game lasted 40mins ( i quit first minute ) it got me suspicious so i tryed on smurf account to quit some games , and it always ends up victory/defeat ( instead of leave ) and gives no punishment . 
  proof : https://gyazo.com/03eb0f9fd36595e1c98b53d59067a58e, 
  it even gave me ip for those games . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  on the client ( battle.net ) it says starcraft costs 19.99 euros , but the new expansion costs way more , do you need to buy the new expansion to play multiplayer from now on , or its same 19.99 ? 
  or maybe all people will be moving onto new expansion and the * old * one will just die from inactivity ? 
  why does every thread about gosu health at this moment getting removed , while thread like this https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3z1tc5/the_streamer_who_strangled_her_cat_got_banned/, 
  is allowed to stay ? 
  gosu is one of biggest lol streamers and what just happened on stream is pretty serious and worthy discussion . 
  well , the title is pretty explanatory , i 'm wondering , could you tell about the most toxic person you 've met in lol , what things he wrote etc , would be very interesting to hear your stories . 
  also what you think riot could do in order to decrease the toxicity , or catch the flamers sooner ? 
  pretty much title , a lot of people pick mid as secondary to get their primary more often , but whenever they do get mid , and get matched against mid one trick ponies , the game is pretty much over , since they seem to get completly overrun and killed over and over again , whenever that happens excuse is always * i picked midlane as my secondary ... * i understand its a problem , and you want to get your primary role more often , but riot needs to adress this issue , because it is getting out of hand at this point . 
  would be nice to hear your responses regarding this issue . 
  i 'm fairly new to hearthstone and this subreddit , after one game where i got lucky topdeck , my opponent added to friends , i expected just some regular salty comments that sometime occurs after that situation , but he started sending super racist and anti-semitic messages towards me , i really do n't think it can be allowed under any freedom of speech or anything honestly , so my question , is it possible to report a player for that ? 
  [ removed ], 
  in both oddshot and playstv bots cases their youtube description contains link to reddit thread which the video is from . 
  is n't that against the rule of advertising 24hour after the video was published ? 
  youtube - 19k |, 
  eulcs1 ( twitch ) - 28k, 
  eulcs2 ( twitch ) - 29k, 
  lvpes ( twitch ) - 7k, 
  summonersinlive ( twitch ) - 6k5, 
  summonersinlive2 ( twitch ) - 5k, 
  ogaminglol ( twitch ) - 5k, 
  ogaminglol2 ( twitch ) - 4k, 
  lvpes3 ( twitch ) - 3k, 
  riotgamesturkish ( twitch ) - 2k, 
  teamfrenzygg ( twitch ) - 1k, 
  total - 110 ~ k, 
  and there is no interesting matches going on . 
  which is around the same amount of viewers eu had last year . 
  not to mention the schedule time was just changed so a lot of people ca n't watch the streams ( especially from na ), 
  so why exactly are we complaining about massive viewership decline ? 
  edit : by the time i wrote this post , viewers on both youtube and twitch increased , and brings the total viewer count to 125k . 
  [ removed ],
