  what the actual fuck that sounds so simple . 
  in here we never got any options , we all had to figure out everything ourselves , and even the solving method had to be perfectly written . 
  yeah , for me it sounds pretty strange even for high-school but i suppose it 's fine . 
  it 's quite funny to get downvoted for being honestly surprised about options being available in a lesson like maths , but at least i could not care less about internet points :p, 
  i mean . . 
  i play hearthstone about 1-2 hours a day , have n't spent a single buck and practically have full collection ... 
  i think it mostly matters that you do quest and play efficiently , without needing to dump money, 
  i have 2000 ~ wins in arena . 
  soo kind-of thousand of games of arena . 
  also i did play right after open beta ended ( before any expansions ), 
  you are right , i have played since the end of open-beta i think solid half a year before release of nax . 
  and i also grind arena a lot . 
  you are melting straight through these puns, 
  why the fuck would i talk about classic cards lol . 
  i do n't have all the wild cards since i dc ` ed some of the completely useless ones to get all the newest cards faster , but it 's not difficult ... 
  i do n't think wild cards could count into collection considering they are completely useless at the moment . 
  it 's a miracle i just do n't disenchant them all straight away . 
  i also love fucking korean teenagers ... 
  i doubt you understood the point . 
  dumbledoge would barely count as import for a team , because he does speak english . 
  and if a team is not using an import slot either way , there is absolutely no difference between him or any local support besides their skill level . 
  so team will judge whether to get him on the team or not , not because of his region , but purely on how well he performs during try-outs, 
  her clear is n't good enough to jungle anymore ? 
  hm , so that 's why she is highest banrate jungler currently . . ?? 
  just think about it before posting next time ... 
  but i 'm sure regi speaks moneynese, 
  i think it mostly depends which side of europe you are from . 
  if you live in eastern side , there is higher chance to meet some `` suka bliat rush b '' than living in the west . 
  i can not not upvote this, 
  : / i 'm just imagining !, 
  long hiatus ? 
  he streams like every two three days on yt and constantly pulls 2k + viewers , i 'm fairly sure he will get way more right away on twitch, 
  if that 's the case might be the biggest troll twitch.tv has pulled in a while, 
  dude what the actual ... 
  unicorns of love eliminated kongdoo monsters during iem katowice ... 
  huh ? 
  ad fizz top is practically the most popular toplaner for a good month or two already ... 
  also except lithuanian latvian and estonian , these are not slavic languages . . 
  oh my god please tell me you made this up, 
  eu vs kr would n't be casted by 3 na casters buddy lol . 
  i do n't think he missed him memeing , i think you are the one who is missing one key point in his message lol . 
  krepo leaks from yesterday, 
  omfg lmfao , no sh * t she was acting all insecure and special snowflakey on twitter all the time during renegades period . 
  forever = / = indefinite, 
  it 's not supposed to work , this is probably the funniest wrong advice i 've heard . 
  first of all , malphite is a counter because he can safely farm vs riven ( if riven goes to trade you get minion adventage + passive shield ) secondly , never use malph q to harass , you will oom in few seconds , not to mention any above average riven will never use her e. it 's basically a safe lane with possibility of better teamfighting and can defend splitpush with e + sunfire + gauntlet waveclear . 
  it does not help the fact that his name is `` powerofevil '' lmao, 
  tyler1 does not even come close to pornstar zilean/op shaco is back . 
  comparing tyler1 to darkwinjax is probably the biggest insult you could write to dwj, 
  did n't eu just build their own studio last year ? 
  i 'd be on the edge with akali/blitzcrank/illaoi . 
  all of them had a fair share of competitive games , and illaoi was one of the best vizicsacsi champion for a while . 
  please for god sake post a clip of ls saying that , i 'd fucking love that . 
  other than that wp nip, 
  i just tried with us vpn and nothing besides some barely listenable live gigs were found , not sure what 's the case then , but anyways . . 
  israeli ? 
  i remember feno during watchstone saying that he was asian, 
  well ... fuck :p, 
  reading this comment section and silently praying for blizzard to not remove our deck slots ... 
  i still remember the days of morgana/thresh + jinx from uol , that shit was crazy af, 
  that might very well be the stupidest thing i 've read in my lifetime, 
  i 'm sorry but i doubt struggling at rank 10 question should go into competitive hs self post , not to mention midrange paladin works even in legend so it is your missplays for the most of it . 
  there is literally a tutorial video in the site to get you started ... 
  about student loans , i 've already contacted the institution and made sure i 'm eligible for them . 
  secondly , cardiff is in wales , which is what i was referring to in my text . 
  perhaps that kind-of answers my question of there would be no difference i assume, 
  i am from lithuania , and i contacted an institution in lithuania that 's job is for helping students who want to study in foreign countries . 
  please stop being so mad at me , i 'm not insulting you or your country , the example i given perhaps was wrong , which i can accept , i assumed that there might be slight differences in universities because of that reason . 
  ( for example i read on cardiffs university website that welsh goverment gives a 50 % tuition fee reduction for first year of undergraduate students , which means that i was not wrong ) . 
  hopefully we can avoid starting an argument , cheers !, 
  alright , thank you for providing the map , indeed i was making that mistake  hopefully i did not annoy you too much !, 
  alright , so i suppose my bad for naming this `` foreign '' , thank you for the response !, 
  did you get to choose where you will be doing your placement or university chose for you ? 
  thank you for the response !, 
  kassadin actually used to not be able to win anyone pre-6 . 
  but after dark seal was introduced and also deathfire became common for him he is actually fine right now pre-6 against most matchups , and some of them he just straight up wins . 
  oh , i know some of these numbers !, 
  wait till you climb to higher ratings , every 4-5 games i have a complaining support that he got autofilled to adc/toplane, 
  beautiful, 
  yes , that is exactly the case , that 's why streamers and youtubers practically never make threads since there will be people who would link it and then the thread would get removed . 
  ultimately you are caring for karma points which are irrelevant , nobody is trying to `` frame '' you , you are not a celebrity . 
  or that is because the server was created not longer than a year ago ? 
  100 % ap scaling on e ? 
  lol, 
  does everyone pick mage though ? 
  i 've heard a lot from better arena players that they prefer paladin or even rogue . 
  i added the word `` prefer '' for a reason , they actually consider paladin and rogue to be stronger than mage . 
  off top of my mind , urkoth , guardsmanbob . 
  yes , it is a personal preference , but it 's mostly of an opinion `` it 's way harder to execute but if you are good with it you will be rewarded more '', 
  relevant flair ... ? 
  pirate warrior used to farm qr ? 
  in what ranking are you playing ? 
  almost every high legend rogue reported winrates positive against pirate warrior lol, 
  it 's not just one game lol, 
  amm since s6 msi ? 
  what about s7 msi ? 
  we were literally in the finals and you did n't get out of groups lol what about s6 worlds ? 
  oh yeah drunk booze probably erased memories , 
  yes , because bo1 format is still relevant http://www.lolesports.com/en_us/articles/2017-world-championship-update , 
  it was n't actually a solokill since exileh died cause doublelift landed ashe arrow across the map on him :p casters did n't see that,
