  also visiczaczi ... 
  there is two groups in basketball , do n't forget about croatia/lithuania, 
  exactly same was said to sk in spring 2015 ... we know how that ended . 
  i think it comes down to points difference then, 
  riot confirmed in q&a that 1report = 9reports . 
  the system does exactly the same check-up on the player for that game no matter how many people reported that person . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  so if you would actually report those players that enemy team always asks you to report , you are likely to just have no reporting value after a while . 
  if kalnietis get 's rolling as in previous games , he might overtake the game quickly, 
  gasol jesus christ that 's illegal in some countries, 
  i think lithuania ca n't defend against pau , and if they invest two men into him the others are free to throw, 
  so this is spain 's survival match . 
  if they lose it they are out !, 
  read the thread on the frontpage to find everything related to b group . 
  link : https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4xt9rr/chaos_in_group_b_all_cases_explained/, 
  i swear to god jv should not be playing what so ever with his horrendous gameplay every single game so far, 
  5 offensive fouls what the heck lol, 
  it 's almost on / r/all frontpage ... 
  edit : and we are on r/all frontpage !, 
  oh god i really needed this picture in my life lol, 
  well first of all , it is quite difficult lane for leblanc , and it mostly depends on the skill of brand player . 
  the only way really for leblanc to win this lane is pre level 6 ( unless brand does n't rush hp/mr ), 
  not sure your elo but you should consider trying to bait out his stun , and when it does n't hit then go trading . 
  if you are unable to do that try to go in right after he used his w so he does n't have his core spell up to deal with you . 
  most importantly remember to move away from minions , and move your clone away from you when you get ulted by him . 
  also consider rushing abyssal in that match-up if brand is not building mr. 
  hope this helps a bit, 
  edit : if he has the reaction to pop the stun on you right as you are jumping towards him , consider w ` ing to the side and q+e poke him . 
  actually in most of the languages there would be comma there . 
  polish , lithuanian , latvian are the first one that comes to mind ... not only german, 
  what are you talking about lmfao shen was banned every single game, 
  this was arguably biggest clown fiesta i 've seen in a while . 
  the nalcs2 stream summed it up pretty well - it 's like dig game but with actually good players, 
  it was entertaining for sure , but i 'm not sure if we should be seeing such clown fiestas in semi 's, 
  edit : if you are downvoting then you think it 's good that there are such clown fiestas in semi 's ? 
  watch lms/lck semi finals and see their level of play . 
  it 's clearly not a good sign for west to have such semi finals . . 
  clown fiesta does not equal massive amount of team fights . 
  it equals a lot of map rotations fails ( especially from c9 ) and missplays in general . 
  * great teams * ? 
  the only above decent team from west right now looks to be tsm ( depends if they keep the level of play and do n't tilt ) all others looks like would have no contest against any lms/lck teams . 
  this pic is my jam, 
  not only this thread is reposted every day , but also riot said multiple times it 's unclear on purpose so you never feel safe . 
  well the thing with gosu is gosu was 10 + vodka shots in when he announced it , and he did n't even really announced it he even muted his mic to stream but trick2g left his open on purpose, 
  hello , i 'd love to join the site as individual player ( plat 2 midlaner euw atm ) but for some reason after i registered and verified the account i 'm unable to log in . 
  after i put in my e-mail and password and press log-in the site just kinda does n't do anything . 
  no error message nothing , just stays not logged in homepage, 
  thank you for response !, 
  euw theleblancgod69 mid/top plat2 english ( lithuanian ), 
  main midlane , can also play toplane . 
  favourite champions leblanc/syndra/kassadin / tf, 
  he did indeed talk about febiven being way too into girls rather than practising . 
  people missed all these points due to tunneling onto one topic ( krepo ), 
  i 'm fairly sure if riotmagus does n't straight up step down there is some serious sh * t that 's about to come down, 
  well , sorry but as a leblanc main i have to point that the combo you wrote is incorrrect . 
  it 's either q + r + w ( when you caught someone by sneaking in bush ) or w + q+r+e ( w back ), 
  informing your fans about internal situation and the reasoning they might not be full 100 % powered at gauntlet is in your opinion wrong ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7efipixxg4 epica - facade of reality, 
  fiora has low winrate against malphite since most of fiora players play super stupid rather than waiting for the point where she is actually stronger . 
  get 2items and you completly shit on him and splitpush 24/7, 
  febiven definitely did n't lost that game solo , if anything he was second best performing player of their team after rekless . 
  to be fair if you are playing akali in high level in this meta you have to be pretty fcking dedicated, 
  no , i 'm saying that she is very punishable and can be easily exploited by better players , atleast that 's what i figured out by playing with/against her, 
  i 'm fairly sure he did not have time to get it because he desperately needed the lifesteal to survive kennen, 
  ie er pd is essential items and they will be gotten as first three items no matter the enemy . 
  the only question is between finishing bt or getting lw , which my comment directly answers . 
  you are a bit to late brother , so will be huni after getting rekt, 
  he was bard ulted at elder . 
  and at baron it was to be fair 50/50, 
  also mf is 1 even though she is probably one of the more challenging to play for a low level player ( unranked ), 
  i worded my message very specifically on purpose . 
  she is hard to play for a new level , because of various abilities which are better to use in different scenarios . 
  compare it to like garen who just mashes buttons . 
  he acknowledges the previous origen though , not the current one, 
  well actually a lot of korean teams arrived earlier at eu last year before worlds, 
  i 'm fairly sure the math on this one is wrong since there should be a lot more exceptions considering each team is seeded into pools and you ca n't get 2teams from same region in one group, 
  yeah ... ... 
  `` warning : you are about to ban `` xxxswaglord1v5xxx '' hovered champion yasuo , are you sure you want to proceed ? '', 
  you think kuro and scout is worse than jensen ? 
  boyyyyy ... . 
  that 's more like something i can get behind . 
  jensen has really nice mechanical play , but boy is he behind kuro and scout rotations around the map ( which also might be a bonus from good coach/shotcaller ), 
  if you want to review bugs i 'd suggest it to look for in which role the champion is played . 
  i 'm midlaner main who has mastery 5 on corki when i used to play him in adc back in season 5 . 
  and for some reason at nr 3 or 4 i always see corki as suggested pick even though i 've never actually played him in the midlane . 
  edit : to add to that for some reason it always suggests me to take leblanc by like twice the points of other champions against galio without even caring that the matchup winrate is horrible ( 42 % ), 
  so is formula 1 , that 's not exactly what he said though . 
  this thread pops at frontpage like every two days , it 's so frustruating , mods should add filter that auto deletes these threads . . 
  hopefully soon, 
  i like dashing ... . a lot, 
  imagine if there was another kr caster that people liked and gave a lot of insightful analysis ? 
  yeah ... 
  that 's pretty much what i was talking about , monte not being invited, 
  both poe and kikis said they left uol because of looking for better oppourtinities , steeelback probably left because when he was playing everyone was talking about how he was 1v5 so i reckon he wanted better teammates probably . 
  history does n't lie , you leave uol , you do n't get to go to worlds : ^ ), 
  definitely . 
  i said this in last thread already , i will repeat it here . 
  if marc does n't step down it 's absolutely ridicilious for a company . 
  for personal drama not inviting one of the best casters , not only that but also this sh * t, 
  i wish there was a sub for it ...
