  when there was banning phase i thought to myself `` wait h2k just won the draft , they can ban ryze and then pick whatever is remaining between rengar/leblanc + favourable supp '' and then they banned leblanc and i was like o_o, 
  jhin ? 
  what drugs are you taking ? 
  it 's a little unfair to judge region by it 's worst teams ... 
  someone still salty about getting banned for toxicity i see ... 
  i love you, 
  faker will take all the views now . 
  i swear to god romain is a living meme, 
  to be honest i disagree , i do not notice any real bias from him , and that game was indeed complete trash quality . 
  cmon if you are gon na shitpost atleast be creative , this joke is posted on / r/jokes practically every day, 
  well i do and quite frequently . 
  i think i 'm normal ... ? 
  perhaps not . 
  did ... did ... did you read the post ... . ? 
  http://www.lolking.net/summoner/euw/22801801/audreylasapa according to lolking she is/was diamond ii, 
  i mean it 's a little unfair linking seatstory cup considering they are definitely drunk there lol, 
  they did not say it counts as political , it 's just an user report . 
  it got removed because it does not have enough characters and also not enough effort into a post . 
  he is n't coach  he is manager, 
  i wonder which language is internationally spoken and in which language virtually every single team in eu/na communicates ? 
  hmm ... perhaps dutch ^ - ^, 
  so he prefers news sites that for one new they write around 17 pages that takes a hour to read ? 
  well let me welcome him to buzzfeed . 
  you do not need to guess . 
  literally in entire europe english is the second language we learn ( besides very rare occurances where german/french is more important ) from age as young as 8 and everyone speaks it ( except frenchies who sometimes do not like learning english or ex-soviet countries where older people still speak russian rather than english ), 
  i meant we start learning it from age as young as 8 , not speaking it . 
  about older generations that 's true , but remember we are talking about pro-gamers and what do they speak , it 's very likely people in their twenties will be able to speak english if not fluently , then perhaps atleast good . 
  perhaps i could word my message a little bit differently , i just wanted to emphasize on the high english speaking population in europe currently . 
  i 'm not going of stereotypes , i 've lived in paris for a year , and my sister currently lives in marseille . 
  we both have visited a lot of countries and can say with certainty that french people speak english the least by far . 
  it feels like most of the time even if they know english they just refuse to talk in it . 
  i have 7chests waiting and no keys . 
  i think it completely depends on what you are playing ( different champs/otp/how often you play ), 
  my original comment is not falsehood . 
  in my previous comment i said exactly the same as in original comment . 
  french people refuse to learn and speak other languages more often than other people from other countries . 
  you seem very butthurt over it without considering that it might mean your country is more patriotic . . ? 
  i do n't even think that people refusing to speak english made it a bad experience considering i was just exchange student anyways . 
  technically darius is not a tank , darius is a juggernaut . 
  trundle is also semi-dualist . 
  it could also be as a tool for encouragement for goldenglue in a sense like `` we believe in you buddy '', 
  i think you could 've wound more suiting champions to call not assasins who are featured in this mode :p . ( `` cough '' kennen '' `` cough '' ), 
  anyone who decides to give it a listen i also strongly recommend reading her biography http://www.astridvanderveen.com/biography.html, 
  i disagree that rek ` sai or warwick are stronger than hecarim . 
  lee is dependable on the skill of a lee player , ivern is very niche champion in general . 
  just my opinion though, 
  irish people agree with you, 
  i think forsen should be included as well even if his viewership is declining he receives ridicilious amounts of donations still . 
  there is euw challenger player that plays ap sejuani and full ad urgot in his games ... 
  so let 's be honest . 
  yes . 
  my bad , he was masters not challenger . 
  yes https://euw.op.gg/summoner/username=siranus2vergerac, 
  i will be honest , ap sejuani midlane for 31games in high diamond - master elo is still insane . 
  considering sejuani is not even played her traditional way anymore because of how weak she feels . 
  alright i checked more , there is two sejuani jungle games and 4 3v3 games on sejuani , rest of them top/mid ap sejuani and i did not find a support game ( perhaps missed it ), 
  edit : found one support game, 
  my personal would be veigar , you do not build enough ap for him to punish you hard enough with ult , and his healthpool is small enough that you just destroy him post level 6, 
  i actually did not know that , so thanks for notifying me , either way that match-up is lovely to get . 
  i 'm guessing ability + flash since it 's literally written in the title and also the only way these combo 's are useful , 
  i would be very surprised if people actually took you serious , it took me 1 minute to glance over your post history to get a good laugh . 
  15k accounts is not something to be glanced over though lol, 
  not really , damage definitely did not come through , mf ult does wayyy more than that . 
  casters just confirmed it indeed did not do damage . 
  jatt literally said quoting : `` it looked like mf ult did no damage , which after rewatching replays i can basically confirm '', 
  jatt literally said quoting : `` it looked like mf ult did no damage , which after rewatching replays i can basically confirm '', 
  would you look at that , game was restored and that play worked and mf ult did wayyy more damage than your `` definitely working '' ult  ) ) ) ), 
  that 's her problem , in high elo landing good q 's becomes practically impossible i suppose . 
  there is also urgot mains in challenger and aatrox mains in master , that does not exactly either prove or disprove my point ... 
  that literally took me 10seconds to find that you are wrong https://www.op.gg/summoner/username=\uc790\uc0b4\uba85\uc18c\ucd94\ucc9c\uc880, 
  holy crap you actually used word `` loose '' in correct way . 
  faith in humanity restored . 
  that 's my question too , i 've watched enough of his stream to see him getting hit by skillshots often . 
  which is weird . 
  well i was placed in silver 3 and immediately climbed to gold 4 when i just finished leveling up my first account ... 
  i think that 's not correct . 
  although it was before the xp changes so it took twice as long to level up, 
  tahm ult was not available . 
  to be fair i 'm pretty sure tl has decent work environment . 
  well it 's still no way near what copenhagen wolves did though :p, 
  deficio , drakos , krepo , quickshot are probably the strongest casters right now , all of them has their own style and brings their own insight . 
  are you joking me ? 
  this is no way near a sob story and it 's directly relevant to league of legends as it directly influences a creators ability on creating content . 
  something that you said was allowed . 
  idubbzz would not be happy with this decision, 
  poor roccat pr guy : /, 
  draven `` accidently '' gets blue buff . 
  we all have been there . 
  you are quite bad at getting joke , are n't you ? 
  eh , that 's my biggest fear as well , as someone who is rocking this flair since it became available i fear we will become tsm . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  vel ` koz/lux/orianna are very punishing when you have bad position/skillshot accuracy . 
  am , would you mind sitting down before reading any further ? 
  i 'm afraid there is something i have to tell you ... 
  to be fair i would like to see you landing a q on somebody high elo just like that lol . 
  dang , that was fcking hilarious, 
  i mean this is not even fed , this is american fed . 
  fcking 16-1-8 , if it was fizz he would probably get a triple kill just e'ing onto enemies at this point . 
  i love how monte said that he thinks skt might actually be behind those takedowns and not some fake fan , and then bunch of haters jumped on him saying that it was not skt and he is delusional ( last reddit thread lol ) ... well well well ... :p, 
  i 'm fairly sure sivir used to buy it , right ?
