  i consider christians radical when they oppose things like planned parenthood in the us , which helps young mothers to not die during birth . 
  the uk had a lot of exemptions from the eu requirements , like not adapting the euro and other regulations . 
  they would n't get these again if they 'd rejoin , so i do n't think that this will happen . 
  those stockpiled guns are toys compared to modern military equipment . 
  i can think of two reasons for vie-klg : * it 's a business trip , and you do n't care about the costs ( which was the case for me ) . 
  * you 're going on a holiday by flying via vie . 
  going from main station to the airport takes ages in vienna , and since it 's a combined flight , it might not be much more expensive . 
  last year i flew from vienna to klagenfurt on a business trip , because it was 1h faster than the train ... 
  the problem is that there 's no way to change your mind once it turns out to be not that great ( like the third reich ) . 
  countries joining the eu are forced to adapt the euro , so at least that 's not a problem . 
  i lost faith in democracy just by looking at average people , anywhere . 
  they can and do damage the public image of the eu parliament , which is very important for acceptance of the eu in the general population . 
  they also take space away from people who could actually improve something . 
  i 'd rather think that a culture where slaves are still the norm ( even when they 're called differently ) would n't consider rape and murder of a lowly servant such a serious crime . 
   the accent on vowels is used to stress a syllable . 
  --  `` have you still not done so ? '', 
  it 's nice to have that built into the language . 
  in german and english in colloquial use , i always use stars around the word like * this * to put stress on it , but that 's a markdown feature , not part of the language . 
  the japanese still write like this ... the only thing that adds any kind of structure is that they 're mostly using two different types of symbols ( kanji and hiragana ) , and the word endings are are always in one , while most of the nouns are in the other . 
  that said , newspaper headlines leave out the word endings , so it 's very hard for foreigners to decipher them . 
  it 's not only that , even on tv , most of the text shown ( during the news , etc ) is all-caps . 
  i 'm always fascinated by the tendency of greeks to use all-caps whenever possible . 
  i have n't seen that in any other language . 
   overall , germany has benefited probably more than any other country from the eu yes , because germany is the one driving country behind the eu . 
  all of the others are trying to do their own thing or are even trying to get out , while germany is all-in on the union , heavily investing in it both politically and financially . 
  for example , in austria ( where i follow politics more closely ) , the eu is treated as the necessary evil , where politicians are sent when nobody wants to deal with them locally . 
   as far as i 'm aware this was a problem with the roll-out of the order , and people who already held visa 's could get back in a few days after the order took effect . 
  yes , because the courts stepped in . 
  he explicitly tried tried to avoid that in a later clarification . 
  he also removed all countries he does business with . 
  also , there was zero overlap with the nationalities of the 9/11 perpetrators , even though the eo made direct references to that event . 
   but of course you are right , most people will be triggered , since not being german was an essential part in the victim myth or `` lebensl\u00fcge '' of our country after wwii and people readily adopted it . 
  it 's not only that , politicians also considered it essential to avoid another anschluss . 
  austria had a big identity problem immediately after ww2 . 
  paradoxically , this is a ring-wing ideology , and many people now are `` proud austrians '' that like to wear [ funny hats ] ( http://www.offensivegegenrechts.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/strache20090122191410.jpg ) to demonstrate this , laying the path for yet another reich . 
  austrians consider the southern bavarians austrian , not ourselves german . 
  not really . 
  the grammar is the same , but we have completely different words for many things ( especially for food ) . 
  it 's the common language that separates us . 
  italy has done some work on seeding italians in south tyrol , so you have the long-time native people speaking a weird german dialect and italian mixed with people that only speak italian . 
  i live in what 's probably the area with the densest muslim population of all of austria ( vienna 's 10th district ) , and i see them maybe once a year . 
  hijabs are very common , though , i 'd say that more than half of the women i see on the streets are wearing one . 
  it also was the first legitimate one . 
  too bad they never improved from what they had back then . 
   in my humble opinion , the best option would be for bavaria to split away from germany and join austria instead . 
  this would be a much better match . 
  but of course this will never happen uh , bavaria has a greater population than austria . 
  austrians would see this as someone else taking over . 
  i think the city block i 'm living in is more populous than vatican city . 
  i 've listened to a luxemburgish colleague talking to his gf on the phone , and i did n't have any problems with understanding most of it ... there might be single words in it i do n't know , and i 'd never be able to speak it myself , but still , it 's not as different as most people think it is . 
  i 've listened to plattdeutsch on youtube . 
  i ca n't understand a single word of it . 
  this is not an issue with luxemburgish . 
  keep in mind that the languages are very similar , due to having had so much cultural interchange over the millennia . 
  i only learned german , english and latin at school , but i 'm able to understand and read a bit of spanish , portuguese , italian , dutch , french and greek just based on these . 
  even in my polish course , i noticed how similar it is to latin . 
  when i learned japanese , it was a whole different matter . 
  the language is so foreign that there 's nothing in common with any european language concept . 
  even the words that were imported from europe ( arubaito from german , pan from portuguese , karaoke as a mixture of japanese and english , etc ) are so different that it takes a while until you can recognize them . 
   luxemburgish ( yes it 's a language , you can even google translate it ) for me as a native southern german speaker , it 's pretty much indistinguishable from a northern german dialect . 
  but you 're right , it 's counted as a separate language for some reason . 
  is there a lot a lawyer can do in this situation ? 
  [ i looked it up ] ( http://www.nationalratswahl.at/umfragen.html ) , you 're right . 
  edited my post . 
  he was n't the reason people had to go voting for a third time . 
  today 's win of van der bellen was only caused by a huge voter turnout . 
  most elections do n't have that , which favors the right . 
  so you are probably right in absolute numbers , but those are n't the numbers that count . 
  that 's because the media outlets have a strong right bias and are trying to paint him that way . 
  the fp\u00d6 is much bigger than the green party in austria ( ~ 35 % vs. ~ 10 % ) . 
  it 's still more than he had last time * after * the postal votes . 
  no , but it means that you can agree with her stance , either the public or the private one . 
  with trump , there is no consistent stance you could agree with . 
  she wants to say something different in public than in private , but still she 's consistent with that . 
  she 's changed her stance over the course of decades ( as have i ) , but otherwise has been pretty consistent . 
  how can you agree with trump when he changes his stance every time he talks about an issue ? 
  if he had that kind of regeneration , he would n't need heart transplants . 
  i 'm sure that there are different levels of watchlists . 
  i 'm on one because i googled tor once . 
  so , they can cross-reference your browsing history with everyone else 's . 
  happen to look at similar pages as a known terrorist and/or journalist ? 
  you 're on the watchlist . 
  then , maybe some surveillance camera identified you near a protest against the government or terrorist attack ? 
  you 're behind bars . 
  the mislabeling was discovered , was n't it ? 
  they can only check via random samples ( which i know that they do ) , 100 % monitoring would be ludicrously expensive . 
  i also got medically-confirmed salmonella a few years ago . 
  it only took four days until i had recovered enough to get back home . 
  the doctors told me that the intensity varies greatly depending on the amount of germs you ate and on the strength of your immune system . 
  the mad cow issue specifically was a uk issue mostly . 
  the rest of the eu still has restrictions on beef imports from the uk due to that . 
  the horse meat scandal is more a culture issue than a quality one . 
  in my country , horse meat is sold as gourmet food . 
  we also were affected by that one , but it was treated as a mislabeling issue and faded out pretty quickly from the public eye . 
  it 's probably more a city-vs-countryside thing . 
  cities tend to be much more liberal , while others are more conservative . 
  those two ideologies do n't mix very well . 
  in vienna , the nazis built a few anti-air defense towers . 
  they also are huge cylinders of concrete and ca n't be removed . 
  one of them has been repurposed as a sea animal zoo , but the rest are just serving as pigeon breeding grounds , and the city administration ca n't decide on what to do with them .
