  the german part says `` on which day when you eat from it , you shall die '' . 
  that 's definitely not modern german , but still easily understandable . 
  guess who sold the weapons that are wrecking the countries there now . 
  that has n't stopped . 
  what i 've heard is that the leak has even improved business for them , since it was a great advertisement . 
  people here still compare the pre-euro prices to nowadays ' , not even accounting for inflation . 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of that . 
  except for the ones who were * born * after the euro was introduced . 
  soon they 'll be eligible to vote . 
  also , drug addicts ( this includes alcoholics ) simply ca n't handle doing the necessary paperwork . 
  you do n't have to see every single line , since it 's pretty clear from the context which possible characters it could be . 
  reminds me of [ this clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloossfu6cm ) . 
  they try to look as though they 're not a nazi party and dismiss every incident of a high-ranking member calling heil hitler in front of a camera he did n't know was there as regrettable isolated cases , but there even was a court ruling recently that calling them nazis is not defamation , but describing a fact . 
  golden dawn is different in the way that they 're not a straight continuation of the ndp , but the ideas are pretty much the same . 
  a golden dawn-esque party * is * far higher in the polls here , and we 're one of the richest countries in the eu ( [ # 15 in the world ] ( http://www.businessinsider.de/the-richest-countries-in-the-world-2016-3?op=1 ) ) ... that party is about to take the top position in the next elections . 
  not on the level of regular people . 
  my guess is , divorced wife living on the left . 
  it 's opt-out then , which is a world of a difference for common users . 
  are they opt-in as well , as i said ? 
  streetview is something regular people can understand and so they complain about it . 
  ad tracking is too abstract for that , the common people do n't care about it . 
  then they should regulate browser vendors to implement opt-in for third party cookies . 
  problem solved ( but the ad industry would be up in arms about it ) . 
  yeah , obviously ... as a technician i 'd say that the machine could decide that on its own . 
  it scans the bottles anyways , so it could direct them to the proper treatment automatically . 
   bild.de that convinced me that it * was n't * from the restaurant . 
  that 's only because the emigrating indians are from the richer castes . 
  if you watch documentaries about the poor people of india , you might shit your pants about how different this is to western culture . 
  for example , the ganges regularly transports rotten corpses , but people are still drinking its water right next to them . 
  india is a country with a huge difference in prosperity of its people . 
  when i was in germany for a week , i really was bewildered that you have two separate glas bottle recycling machines at the supermarket . 
  a nice local man explained the system on which bottle to put into which machine to me and then to somebody else ( so i heard it twice ) , but i still could n't understand . 
  you do n't honestly believe the bs erdogan is saying ? 
  there are ways to handle people like g\u00fclen , and making the country islamist is not part of that . 
  democracy depends on a well educated society . 
  that 's the part erdogan currently is getting rid of . 
  atheists usually get the death penalty in islamic countries . 
  if he keeps waiting , he 'll be on the waiting list for that . 
  if he goes to another country and requests asylum , that process will take longer than it will take erdogan to switch the state 's laws to the ones where political asylum is possible ( most european states are not allowed to deport people to countries where there 's a good chance that they will receive the death penalty ) . 
  religion is useful for the leaders , as it allows them to implement outlandish laws no secular folk would ever follow , and it allows more general control of their behavior . 
  so , they support these religions by integrating them into school and other activities so people are indoctrinated from an early age . 
  if the news from turkey do n't cause you to panic , what will ? 
  they 're literally arresting 5-digit numbers of people based on laws made up on the spot and are reintroducing the death penalty to get rid of them . 
  every day erdogan introduces new measures that would never happen in a secular state . 
  get out . 
  now . 
  if it is n't already too late . 
  are there many projects where people stay for that long ? 
  it wo n't be two months , it 's at least two years , and most likely longer than that . 
  a friend of mine from austria just got a new job in london , and we figure that he 'll switch to another company in another country even before brexit happens anyways ( besides , that studio in london will most likely close due to brexit anyways ) . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  the problem is that local elections are mostly irrelevant in the big scheme of things . 
   but if i was a `` citizen of germany '' then i have the right to vote in everything surely ? 
  yes , uk people living in germany do n't have that right now . 
  that 's why i wrote that getting the citizenship due to the brexit would be a boon for them . 
  right now they 're living between countries , not allowed to vote in either of them . 
   hanz reinhardt - schnitzelwurst i lost it there   i thought the point was once you 're a citizenship then the game is over and you are exactly the same as everyone else ? 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  you 're allowed to vote for the eu parliament members of the country of your citizenship , and at least in austria you 're allowed to vote * only * for the district representation ( which is completely irrelevant ) . 
  you are not allowed to vote for the austrian parliament or the presidency . 
  if you 're gone for too long from germany , you 're also not allowed to vote there for anything except the eu parliament . 
  i 'm talking about citizenship . 
  even without brexit , such a thing is a big bonus for expats , as that allows them to vote in local elections . 
  i 've got a few german expat friends who complain about that a lot . 
  it 's really hard to get austrian citizenship , even as a german . 
  they might not like it , but the brits are still part of the eu right now . 
  well , not as weird , but here kebab always comes with yoghurt-based sauce with optional chili powder added . 
  chili sauce on a kebab ? 
  wtf are they doing ? 
  look into `` die partei '' ( literally `` the party '' ) in germany . 
  they were a comedic party running on openly doing nothing , but got a lot of votes and are now even sitting in the eu parliament doing exactly what they said they 'd do . 
  the fp\u00d6 announced after the brexit that they want to have a similar referendum in austria . 
  they know about confirmation bias , people only hearing what they want to hear . 
  if you tell a group two things that are completely contrary to each other , everyone in the group will agree with you based on whatever part they wanted to hear . 
  unfortunately , people do n't have any resemblance of long-term memory , and the fp\u00d6 is skyrocketing in polls again right now ... 
  the question is , is it more important to the eu or the uk ? 
  as it is right now , the uk has no bilateral agreements with anyone . 
  i do n't think that the eu will go with that , since it 'd send a very bad signal to the other members . 
  here 's the official statement :  the remaining non-participating member states acceded to the union in 2004 , 2007 and 2013 , after the euro was launched . 
  at the time of their accession , they did not meet the conditions for entry to the euro area , therefore their treaties of accession allow them time to make the necessary adjustments -- they are member states with a ` derogation ' , as is sweden . 
  these member states have committed to joining the euro area as soon as they fulfil the entry conditions . 
  when this is the case , the ` derogation ' is ` abrogated ' by a decision of the council , and the member state concerned adopts the euro . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm denmark has an exception to that requirement , as had the uk . 
  i do n't think they 'd get that privilege again if they wanted to rejoin . 
  no , when austria joined the euro did n't even exist . 
   even if the uk was rabidly pro eu we 'd still be anti euro . 
  apparently it 's now a requirement to adopt the euro when joining the eu . 
  so if the uk ever wants to come back ... 
  i think it depends on whether you 're used to it . 
  after a week in vorarlberg , i could understand it as well . 
  for every german speaker with a different dialect , it 's also about as hard to understand as dutch . 
  when the demand is there , people will follow . 
  esperanto is easier to learn than natural languages . 
  esperanto would be the obvious choice . 
  it 'll take a while for them to be settled here . 
  you ca n't just move to another country without any preparation and start with a highly paid job on the next day , most of them do n't even speak the local language yet . 
  at least in austria , the syrian refugees that came here have higher average education than our local population . 
  they 're not savages . 
  because migrants ca n't work , right ? 
  constantly exaggerating migration numbers and impact is not racist ?
