hillary probably has her own shell companies . 
  that 's why you need proper spelling , even in an online forum . 
  still better than lying . 
  what i 'm seeing is that people are much more aware of encryption now and why you should use it . 
  the local cryptoparty has seen a lot more people since the reveal . 
  yes , snowden 's leak was only comprehensible by people with a minimum of technical knowledge . 
  everybody with some kind of income understands tax evasion . 
  they do n't make that great of a headline . 
  a journalist 's first duty is to sell newspaper copies , after all . 
  besides , i think politicians are a pretty important target for this , as they 're the ones that made offshore tax evasion possible in the first place . 
  depends on what you think is corruption . 
  every large company in the eu at least has its seat in tax heavens like luxembourg or ireland . 
  there 's also no secrecy about that and no public outcry ( except about starbucks for some reason ) . 
  i 'm pretty surprised that the saudi king is on there for that reason . 
  why does he have to hide money in offshore accounts when he owns the country he 's living in ? 
  the eu/us safe harbor treaty was rewritten and the us is no longer treated as friendly in the eu . 
  in the us , apple recently had a huge privacy argument against the fbi , because they 're seeing how privacy can be a selling point . 
  these are structural changes , which takes time to show consequences , and even then there 's a chance you ca n't directly correlate it to that leak . 
  it depends on what your goals are . 
  yours seem to be that everyone should think and be like yourself , and that 's one entirety reasonable way to look at it , but it 's not the only way . 
  for example , the system in north korea is objectively not ok , because they purely depend on external aid to survive . 
  however , that 's a result of the bad management by the leadership , not dictatorship itself . 
  maybe because harsher winters require more planning to survive ? 
  unlike your imaginary culture , islam has produced some stable societies . 
  societies in which women are n't allowed to walk on the streets on their own and your hand is cut off when you 're caught stealing , but still stable societies . 
  or the more expressive `` nanonanet '' . 
  uhm , we had something like that in spain and ireland for a while . 
   can i just say that the newspaper , that is taken as a source here has a very very bad reputation with having almost no credibility . 
  uh , are there any with a good reputation here ? 
   we are moving from far left where we allow anyone to come here to far right where we keep everyone out and become divided again . 
  last time the far right were in command , they actually worked on unification , not division ... we have some deranged politically right people here in austria that still dream of joining germany again . 
  if only this were the case ... bubble gums are very much allowed here , just today i saw someone in vienna put one into their mouth like it was nothing !, 
   what happened to the eu ? 
  it fell victim to a huge stream of refugees created by a war started with weapons made in the eu . 
  i do n't know how legal it is , but i 've encountered plenty of non-eu merchants who do n't do the vat dance . 
  if you get something shipped to you , you have to pay import vat yourself , but there is no such thing for digital goods . 
  christianity went through the enlightenment phase , unlike islam . 
  the eu is used as a scapegoat by politicians on all levels . 
  first they send the people they want to get rid of locally to the eu parliament , then they tell their population that there 's nothing they can do about a new unfair law , because the eu forced them to do it . 
  hey , that picture europe has of the usa [ is accurate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igxpdp3zbwq ) . 
  usually it 's located within earshot of very obnoxious people . 
  it 's like the opposite of a free speech zone . 
  while you 're in that area , think twice about every word you say , whether it could offend anyone who is not a white male , or you will be thrown out . 
  my personal opinion is that every politician who signs an ics agreement should immediately be tried for high treason . 
  a politician should not be able to sign away the sovereignty of the state they 're representing ( because that 's not representation then ) . 
  `` we '' are n't doing anything , the one percent does that . 
  this also answers the question . 
  it 's the same in german ( probably with the same roots as in dutch ) . 
  it 's even more complicated in the way that everything else is the same order as in english , only the last two digits are swapped in every block of three . 
  on phone numbers , i usually just spell out the digits separately for this reason , which sometimes results in weird looks . 
  should n't a base-20 system have a distinct name for 19 ? 
   a statistician or accountant would be in a good place to understand the trade-offs required in deciding what treatments to focus on , and that was what i was thinking of . 
   a large proportion of public health policy is understanding things like whether it is better to screen more or less for a given condition i personally think that this should be part of any medical education . 
  i know that this is undervalued right now , but even regular doctors need to know this stuff for proper medical examinations . 
  the medical branch of the government should get a certain budget that 's determined by the value of public health . 
  then , the health minister should be allowed to freely decide on what to spend this budget on , based on his or her medical knowledge about what needs funding the most . 
  being money efficient is the job of the finance minister , not the health minister . 
  fun fact : there 's a place in vienna called baumgartner h\u00f6he ( = tree gardener 's elevation ) with the biggest psychiatry in the city . 
  / u/boutersedesi already addressed all of that with `` in a meritocracy there 's not one person who leads all '' . 
   for the most part our states are already meritocratic , people are hired and advance based on their merits in some fashion no , they 're hired and advance based on whether they 're popular with the people choosing this person . 
  popularity is determined emotionally , not rationally . 
  thus , we have actors and talented self-promoters gaining the highest ranks all around the democratic world . 
  all i know of them is that their soccer team kicked our 's asses once . 
  i did n't say that it 's any better in other mainland european countries . 
  the major problem of french people is that french has a very different pronunciation to any other language i 'm aware of , which brands your speech for the rest of your life . 
  i know a french woman who has lived in austria for at least 40 years and speaks german perfectly , but still you can blatantly hear where she 's from originally . 
  austria is a bit different . 
  here , almost everyone has at least a basic understanding of english , but you can only expect more than a few words from people from technical fields ( especially computer science ) . 
  i 'm also seeing a lot of grammatical mistakes . 
  however , because most people only speak english with other main land europeans who do n't know it any better , they can never improve on that . 
  i 'm a bit of an exception , because i read and write a lot of english on the internet , so i 'm frequently mistaken for an american in writing . 
  i also wonder about the high proficiency claim of germany . 
  in germany , you ca n't just assume that people speak english at all , and the ones i 've heard speaking that language were almost exclusively awful ( [ oettinger level ] ( https://youtu.be/88ogxlfpemw?t=25 ) ) . 
  did he train the donkey to rotate with the sun ? 
   so what nutritional value is weed ? 
  not nutritional , but it helps with psychological stress and coping with minor health deficiencies . 
  so , you assume that you can fix the problem by not allowing weed consumption ? 
  it 's not allowed in my country , and i also definitely do n't know anybody who regularly consumes it . 
  for sure . 
  also definitely not every day . 
  last week i also did n't pass a bunch of guys on the streets who smoked weed . 
   it 's a terrible drug in that it 's expensive how ? 
  i know a lot of people who grow it in their homes for nearly free . 
  it 's ridiculously inexpensive if you remove the illegality of it . 
   yet worthless to healthy civilians . 
  same with alcohol and tobacco . 
  which kill a lot more people than cannabis . 
   people who smoke weed regularly are oftentimes the most irritating , pathetic people on the planet and it should be taboo . 
  i agree with that , but alcoholics are on average even more irritating and pathetic , and still we allow that to go on . 
   as for the gay marriage thing - also terrible . 
  not as bad as legalising drugs rather than just orwelling them out of existence , but marriage is a religious bond with one purpose - children . 
  nobody talks about the religious marriage . 
  it 's all about the legal one , which is more about creating a legal connection between two people , for example that when one of them is too sick to agree to a medical procedure the other one can do it for them . 
  also , inheritance questions . 
  that could be said up until the day of the vote . 
  they did n't follow her order , though . 
  you can say what you want about the saudis , but they keep the lights burning and the trains always come on time . 
  amazing how many left parties are there . 
  in austria , we only have a small left party , one ( large ) centrist with no opinion one way or the other and four right-wing parties filling up the rest . 
  german ???
