  reporting on every migration-related crime in minute detail while not even mentioning the vastly higher numbers of locally born criminals ' deeds is not racist ? 
  what is then racist in your mind ? 
  cost through tax evasion is several orders of magnitude higher than any migration that could happen . 
  why do you think that no newspaper has big headlines about that every day ? 
  they 're also destroying the nation in the process . 
  that 's what the european nations were built on . 
  there 's a constant push of anti-migrant propaganda raining down on the uk at the moment : http://twitter.com/kwr66/status/743794841591623680/photo/1 this is the way violence is built . 
  not by one politician , but by a coordinated attack from multiple sides ( including farage ) on the intelligence of people . 
  some weaker ones are bound to budge under that . 
  both are the way to address someone directly , as opposed to the general description . 
  schwester for both . 
  in german , those are actually the same word ... quite a legacy behind that . 
  ( note that there are modern versions that break from this , which were introduced to avoid this issue ), 
  i also think that copper thieves are n't part of the statistics . 
  viennese are not as good at recycling as the rest of the country . 
  i 've seen non-viennese getting physically distressed when they saw the way trash is handled in the capital . 
  i 've also heard that in the country side there are actually people checking the trash cans for incorrectly separated trash and reporting offenders to the authorities . 
  i think in vienna there is n't even a requirement to split up the trash . 
  the point of sport competitions is to see who has the better genes . 
  with doping , it just reduces to who has the better physician and/or who is more willing to sacrifice long-term health . 
  to be fair , it 's hard for someone with a bit of insight to take the freedom party 's ideas seriously . 
  they 're populist by design , go for whatever a worker class citizen with no information how the world works would think is best . 
  many of the things they say they 're fighting for are simply impossible logically . 
  for example , they want immigrants to speak german , but at the same time vote for removing german language classes for them . 
  the immigrants are n't as large of a population as you seem to think . 
  also , most of them do n't have the right to vote . 
  is there even such a thing as an ethnic austrian ? 
  austria is the border to many ethnicities , from the bavarians in the north to the slovenes in the south , the swiss in the west and the hungarians in the east . 
  all of those ethnicities you can easily find in austria . 
  van der bellen also has the support of the well educated , women and cities . 
   i read so much about hofer , but nothing about vdb , so i just assumed he was a colorless old grey fella . 
  van der bellen is actually quite well-known in the country , because he was a very important political figure for a long time before retiring from politics a few years ago . 
  he 's known for being an intellectual who likes to defeat his opponents with facts and a lot of belittling sarcasm . 
  after retirement , he actually got appointed to the viennese government by a write-in campaign , which he refused to uphold . 
   are the austrian greens in general quite a rational compassionate party , or are they more on the elite na\u00efve part of the spectrum . 
  some green parties care more about homeopathy and others more about a carbon tax . . 
  i just did some research , the party does n't mention homeopathy at all on their web page , which is quite interesting . 
  to give an example on their political stance , they 're trying to get people to move to the big cities , because they reason that way every person has a smaller ecological footprint . 
  they want to invest in public transportation and make tickets ( at least the ones for regular use ) as cheap as possible . 
  they 're very pro-lgbt . 
  a few years ago they got a lot of flak because they had a pure female leadership . 
  they 're pro-privacy and the loudest party standing against the data retention laws . 
  they 're pro-multiculturalism and so do n't see an issue with refugees coming into the country . 
  we 're bleeding high-quality people right now , because they ca n't find adequate employment locally . 
  if you 're very well educated , you have to go at least to munich or z\u00fcrich to find a job . 
  i also know people who moved to london due to that . 
   the reasonable parties across europe need to take note and build an effective mechanism for controlling migration and regulating it on our terms . 
  our government tried for years to emulate the freedom party 's program by being more right-wing than them . 
  as you can see , it does n't work ( their candidates were at 11 % in the first round and did n't even qualify for the second ) . 
  why would you vote for the party trying to emulate the right-wing stance rather than going for the real deal ? 
  as the new chancellor ( which got into power after the disaster in the first round ) said , they have to build a strong political stance based on left values to counter the right wing taking over the country . 
   will vdb really shape policy at all ? 
  he most likely wo n't , but hofer wanted to do it . 
  especially considering that the next government will most likely be formed by hofer 's party , that would have been a dangerous pooling of political power . 
   people just voted in a guy who does n't want to leave the eu i 'd say the difference between the two candidates is below the noise level . 
  it could have gone either way . 
  maybe the weather decided that election ( it was very sunny on election day , and hofer 's voters are mostly rural ) . 
  yeah , his name is actually forbidden in austria , because you 're not allowed to carry titles of nobility here . 
  i have no idea why that 's not an issue with him . 
  what he 's said so far is very promising . 
  he 's very direct about the things his party did wrong in the past , and i agree with everything he said ( as someone who has never voted for his party ) . 
  just try to order a pizza hawaii ( tomatoe/cheese/ham / pineapple ) while an italian is in earshot . 
  i 've really had one go into a rage over this . 
  pineapple simply does n't belong on a pizza for them . 
  as far as i know , this used to be the case in english as well . 
  `` an apple '' used to be written as `` a napple '' . 
  sometime in the past , the n moved to the article . 
  i still think that this rule of a/an and the/the is stupid , though . 
  they are , if you talk about the digit seven and how many strokes it has , for example . 
  yes , i fully agree . 
  also , as asimov wrote in one of his foundation books , democracy is only a temporary intermission until a new dictatorship forms . 
  yes , it 's a global trend right now . 
  democracies are failing all over the world due to the corruption of the political elite and are replaced by systems where elections are only there to show that the leader is right . 
  austria is starting that track now as well . 
  just make sure to not use the old one accidentally . 
   this is why i like european gun policy . 
  had this been the us no doubt there would be more victims yes , bypassers shot by the police most likely . 
  it was at a restaurant in the train station next to the geneva airport . 
  keep in mind that all other pizzas they offered were chf20 + . 
  as a comparison , i 'm living in vienna ( which is n't that far away ) , and a margerita costs eur5 .50 here , or maybe eur6 .50 if you 're fancy . 
  a pizza should never go above eur11 , unless you want all the extra toppings . 
  everything in switzerland is expensive anyways ... 
  when i was there , i paid 16 swiss francs for a pizza margherita , holy cow . 
  yes , using formal language when you should use informal usually means that you do n't want to be friends any more . 
  here , about a decade ago we had a famous political discussion round on live tv after a party split , where one politician started talking to the other in informal language , and then was told in a very aggressive way that he 's no longer allowed to do that due to the split , making the whole thing very personal ( most politicians here are informal to each other , even beyond party lines ) . 
  even worse , in most languages , the moon and the sun are female and male respectively , while it 's the other way around in german . 
   it 's a little rude to use ` du ' for ` you ' when addressing a stranger `` little rude '' ... 
  depending on the circumstances , using the wrong form can actually start a fistfight here ( it 's more tolerated in people with foreign accents , though ) . 
  no , there 's [ some shared history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_%281919%e2%80%931922%29 ) both are not very fond of . 
  do you mean this sentence ? 
   the us disadvantage persists after adjusting for potential differential reporting of births near the threshold of viability . 
  just because you ( or anybody else ) are saying that it 's secular does n't make it that way . 
  i was referring to the us itself : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/oath_of_office_of_the_president_of_the_united_states#use_of_bibles the society in general : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pledge_of_allegiance#addition_of_.22under_god.22 in the leaked correspondence of the democrats during the primaries , there was even the plan to use bernie 's jewishness as a weapon against him . 
  they just never had to go that far , since he never was a real threat . 
  the us is firmly in very unapologetic christian hands . 
   do n't give me that bullshit about , for example , infant mortality because european nations only count some children if they are considered `` viable '' while the us reports every single live birth regardless . 
  this mit paper here would like to disagree : http://economics.mit.edu/files/9922, 
  a policy that avoids deaths , yes . 
  the us has been taken over by radical christians , and they have the most abysmal healthcare ratings of the whole developed world . 
  i consider muslims radical already when they * talk * about how infidels must die .
