  this thread makes me sick . 
  just let people honor the sacrifices their grandfathers and fathers made without shitting all over them . 
  especially concerning such a heated subject , humanity should n't be forgotten . 
  `` victory day but actually only transition to a new period of misery but hey let 's not forget what we celebrate here namely the sacrifices our grandfathers and fathers made ... day '', 
  that 's how i like it, 
  now i 'm wondering what irish dirty talk sounds like . 
  the ussr did play a very large role in the defeat . 
  at least as big as the western front combined . 
  both were bad , but i wo n't put a society in a state of total war , with industrial mass-murder above the soviet regime . 
  one suffering does n't negate the other , but downplaying nazi germany 's crimes is not very productive . 
  get your memes straight , normie . 
  le cut inside man is robben , not rib\u00e9ry . 
  they look absolutely jubilant . 
  so by your logic , india and ireland are perfectly within their rights if they decide to cause starvation in the uk ? 
  correction : they only hear the bad news from immigrants and do n't have everyday experience with them . 
  so the image they have is gangraping groups of young , aggressive men . 
  i 'm not saying this is pure fantasy , but i live in a city with an asylum centre and the only thing i notice about is is a man in funny robes riding around on his bike every week or so . 
  it 's all about association . 
  right now they only associate immigrants with negative things , and that 's where the strong sentiments come from . 
  i have two words for you : boo hoo, 
  lobbyists are a normal part of politics . 
  politicians ca n't be informed about every single thing , and that 's where lobbies come into play . 
  shame that some of them are malicious though . 
  shit , and he hates that . 
  look , ca n't we just handle this without the forms ? 
  just come over for some coffee sometime . 
  historical centres are cities , not theme parks . 
  they should be living areas and facilitate the residents first and foremost . 
  tourism should be a lower priority . 
  airbnb is rocketing housing prices , driving actual residents out of their apartments and the company is wholly uncooperative when cities like amsterdam ask for help in solving these issues . 
  airbnb is n't authentic , it 's landlords renting out their rooms for tourists instead of residents because they make a lot more money that way . 
  so please keep that in mind next time you decide between airbnb or a hotel . 
  do you help destroy the city that has welcomed you , or do you pay a little more and stay in a hotel ? 
  i 've filled out my anschlussvertragesanwendungsform , but i seem to have made a slight mistake . 
  there 's a typo in my surname , what should i do now ? 
  right under the news flash that assia the secretary will be serving lemon drizzle in the main office next friday to celebrate her birthday . 
  why are you here, 
  do you really think russian propagandists have any foothold at all after mh17 ? 
  seriously i 'm so sick of using russia as a scapegoat every time you do n't like some political decision . 
  love this united message . 
  together we 're stronger < 3, 
  what 's that supposed to mean, 
  venice was the undisputed link between europe and the ottoman empire in the second half of the middle ages . 
  i 'd argue they have more shared history in trade than in wars . 
  the problem is exactly that the us `` does something about it '' . 
  you may act all tough and jingoistic , but your brainless dickwaving in iraq without any coherent plan for the future was the direct cause of isis . 
  and now you 're telling us that we 're at fault for those horrible terror attacks ? 
  i want to say a lot more about how incredibly brainless your comments are , but i do n't want to get my comments removed . 
  it does n't help that the most vocal anti-immigration politicians are also anti-eu , populist and in the case of le pen , fascist . 
  hohoo did he cut himself on that edge ? 
  not necessarily in my experience . 
  people appreciate the stable relation he had with europe , the drone part and mass surveillance part was definitely not appreciated . 
   nice try . 
  amazing how recognisable and repetitive / r/the _ dong discourse is . 
  again , remember the thirty years ' war , remember that the prussia of frederick the great you 're talking about only came about in the 18th century and remember that prussia was hardly a symbol of a united germany . 
  it was one of the many german nations . 
  there 's russia , but their landgrab has been met with international condemnation . 
  that sort of phenomenon , international politics like it is today , it only stems from the 19th century , when the great powers of europe held the congress of vienna in 1815 to discuss what to do with europe after napoleon . 
  before that , and poland-lithuania was from before that time , you did n't have these sorts of international responses , congresses and such . 
  i know where you come from and if you look at it on first glance there seem to be lots of parallels . 
  but do n't forget that the world back then was fundamentally different from our world today . 
  the balance of power has changed and we 've had an industrial revolution since then , which changed pretty much everything about human life . 
  that 's why comparing the eu to poland-lithuania is ahistoric . 
  there are endless differences in both the world and the institutions you have to account for . 
  hey this is civ , right ? 
  we 're much further on the tech tree now and we 've got so much more policies now !, 
  the left in the us ca n't be compared to the left in most european countries . 
  poland-lithuania was surrounded by autocratic regimes and was in a time where snooping off land was much more common . 
  the comparison is very ahistoric . 
  germany only got united in 1871 though . 
  and i do n't know if you ever heard of the thirty years ' war but what is now germany does n't have a history of coziness and comraderie . 
  why do you think belgium was created in the first place, 
  i had it just as bad in france last year . 
  went on a canoe trip but forgot to put on sunscreen after a swim break . 
  it stung like hell for a long time . 
  yep , i had a friend who was really enthusiastic about spring a few years back . 
  first day of sun and warm temperatures and she was outside in the sun in her top . 
  stayed there for hours . 
  had to stay indoors for a week because of the horrible sunburn . 
  it 's in the carpathians so it 's probably a weather station on a mountain top, 
  so , aside from the oot rant , what do you think of this pseudo-referendum ? 
  his deeds are not for the squeamish : he 's a belgian who kidnapped very young girls and held them in a cage in his home for months , starving and raping them . 
  he 's pure , pure evil and his case was marred by police incompetente . 
  you 'll have to ask someone else for the specifics because i do n't know them . 
  o7 o7 thank you for your service o7 o7, 
  why , to spread the * actual truth * about women 's rights , of course !, 
  what does the un even stand for . 
  i saw that , it was fantastic . 
  `` it would be like allowing marc dutroux into a child rights council '' or something like that . 
  i do n't think shenanigans like this going public will help in that regard . 
  free coffee and cake if you turn up !, 
  we gotchu fam, 
  i have never heard the terror being described as liberal until now . 
  could you explain why you think so ? 
  if you really think that , i encourage you to read the biography of adelheid popp . 
  she was a women 's rights activist towards the end of the 19th century . 
  it 's a good read , so i definitely recommend it !, 
  dutch nationalists/fascists/nazi 's use the old `` prinsenvlag '' aka prince flag as well . 
  shame , because it 's more than 400 years old and there 's a lot of history behind it . 
  how do russians view the eu as institution ?
