  i do like the vibrant aspect , but to me the mix of old and new is most of all a sad reminder of the destruction of war . 
  i do like the neo-romantic buildings from the late 19th , early 20th century you see everywhere . 
  hey , i walked past that a week ago , what a coincidence !, 
  when you 're walking next to it , you do n't notice the brutalist part . 
  on eye height it 's all plants and fat audi 's anyway . 
  do n't you disrespect my floor jansen !, 
  there is no argument to win here , you 're so completely off topic with your mindless arguments that i do n't think it 's worth it to have a civilized argument about it . 
  hahaha you 're a joke mate, 
  `` hey , how should we represent crimea on a map ? 
  is it russian or ukrainian ? '', 
  `` ah fuck it just delete it '', 
  but what happens if hackors decide to hack , and now they know that xxx \\ _ darklord - \\ _ - pu55ydestroyer -_- xxx did n't pass the danish citizenship test ? 
  of all the politicians to be upset at , you chose timmermans . 
  that would still dramatically alter the climate , though, 
  trivago ceo jumping in joy through his office, 
  hardly . 
  more like upholding the quality of this subreddit . 
  yeah they 're dutch . 
  if anything , arabic is the real throat killer . 
  most high schools in the ruhrgebiet offer dutch classes , though . 
  not nearly all of them take it , though , but there are plenty of people there who can hold a conversation in dutch . 
  rotterdam has a very beautiful riverside though , with the houses of the old harbourmasters . 
  plus , rotterdam 's unique architecture is pretty appealing for tourism . 
  it 's not all brutalism and skyscrapers . 
  now that places like china are getting richer , tourism is spiraling out of control . 
  city councils of places like venice , amsterdam , paris , but also up and coming tourist hotspots like prague and rotterdam need to be more prepared for this massive influx of tourisms . 
  impose a maximum amount of hotel bookings , limit airbnb so it does n't do any damage anymore , impose a daily maximum amount of entries into cultural heritage sites , act more strictly towards opening tourist shops ( no , amsterdam , you do n't need 100s of them within 1 km2 ) , and finally enforce the `` no camera flash '' rule before all paintings are faded beyond repair . 
  tourists are like a flock of geese . 
  if you leave them be without any restriction , they will only grow and grow and do more harm than good to the ecosystem . 
  imagine studying there -_-, 
  game of thrones , groceries style, 
  amsterdam on the flag ? 
  reeee, 
  this is straight out of the creepiest dystopian movie you can imagine . 
  yeah , pfft , i mean sure he executed thousands , many of them innocent , but he was a good man . 
  do you realise how strange and creepy that sounds ? 
  we 're doing our best with all the `` engelssprekend onderwijs '', 
  so police stations will now be called a `` polikliniek '' ? 
  well i liked this move . 
  it was getting a bit tiring to see 80 % of the front page consist of '' ... of europe '' threads . 
  i have to say , it 's a very nice bridge !, 
  amsterdam is amazing !, 
  he 's using alternative locations ( tm ), 
  the `` good guys '' , psh . 
  are you saying they deserved it ? 
  this is leidseplein in amsterdam . 
  remove plis , op , we will never become british territory . 
  excellent idea !, 
  take back the chavs and then we 'll talk, 
  well , not quite that , but i 've exchanged my share of very respectful and very reserved nods to other metalheads . 
  we 're both a bit awkward , but we both love metal and we respect each other . 
  history is the past . 
  this statue is using the past for goals in the present , it is not history . 
  the russian language is an art . 
  `` making someone happy with a dead sparrow '' - making someone excited , only for it to turn out disappointing . 
  `` lying on monkey yawning '' - being exhausted . 
  `` the fence is off the dam '' - everyone is doing what they want , without imposed limits . 
  `` from the chop to the branch '' - talking about new and unrelated subjects again and again . 
  yes , well , i definitely agree with you there . 
  i thought you were talking about your own country , sorry . 
   massive influx of muslims how many refugees did lithuania accept again ? 
  oh , `` lithuania has agreed to settle 1,105 refugees in the next two years '' ( [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-europe-migrants-lithuania-iduskcn0sk2dt20151026 ) ) . 
  massive influx indeed . 
  i 'll give you my perspective as a history student . 
  poland is working very hard to finally get rid of their image as an ex-soviet state , and part of that effort is re-imagining history . 
  and the polish government is acting quite scary with this . 
  things like [ plans for a new ww2 museum at auschwitz with nationalist goals ] ( https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/row-over-auschwitz-museum-dedicated-to-polish-resistance-8x5g3kx8j ) , like [ a polish ww2 museum that paints a more complicated picture being condemned by the government for not being nationalistic enough ] ( https://www.trouw.nl/cultuur/poolse-regering-nieuw-oorlogsmuseum-is-niet-nationalistisch-genoeg~a96ce31a/ ) ( could n't find an english source , so you 'll have to use google translate ) , things like [ duda calling an `` offensive '' against historian jan t gross for his book * neighbors * ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/duda-poland-holocaust-history-walesa-gross/ ) because it 's too negative about the role of poles in the holocaust . 
  also , personal account : my teacher from the department of modern history was invited to a congress of polish history in vienna last may . 
  he went there , and found out that it was a government-sponsored discussion of a new presentation of polish history and how it can be made more positive . 
  turns out he ( and some other historians from the eu ) was only invited just so that the organisation can show that there were also foreigners among the discussion . 
  this reimagining and politicization of history is a very worrying trend , and it 's unheard of outside of poland in the eu in recent times . 
  that 's why i think poland is the most nationalist country in the eu right now . 
  poland is the most nationalist country in the eu right now . 
  here 's a little lesson in trickery, 
  now listen closely, 
  well i personally am !, 
  this is the good side of globalization . 
  you enjoy those peppers , friend , and i wish you the best of luck in these times . 
  the tournament went well , the atmosphere in the stadiums was good and there were no major incidents . 
  stop the pettiness . 
  football is a simple game . 
  twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end , people post gary lineker quotes, 
  surrounded by istanbul ? 
  the average wage in the netherlands is nowhere near that high . 
  try subtracting taxes first . 
  pah , calling me narrow minded . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  you will always worm your way into defending your own viewpoint even though you do n't see that your viewpoint is a cause of a lot of hurt for a lot of people . 
  it 's not common sense at all , and you ca n't see that because you refuse to place yourself in other people 's lives . 
  having a child will change your life forever , it 's one of the most impactful things that will happen in your life . 
  consider this : you 're a poor woman who ca n't take care of a child , but you get pregnant . 
  that happens . 
  you can choose to either go through with the pregnancy and give birth , with all the consequences that go with it , or you can spare you and the child a fucked up life of poverty and all the issues that come with a bad childhood ( and the chance of a miscarriage if you 're not fully healthy ) and have an abortion . 
  this choise is so big and important that it 's often worth the risk to have an unsafe abortion . 
  it 's often the only thing those women can do . 
  forcing women into these horrible dilemmas by denying them safe medical care is beyond cruel . 
  that is without a doubt the dumbest thing you said in this thread . 
  do you mean to say that there are 0 abortions in africa ? 
  do you think africa is in any way representative of how we lived in pre-modern europe ? 
  do you think africa is a good rolemodel for our society ?
