  i never thought i 'd see the day where lots of people would be happy with the prospect of war . 
  i think you misspelled anus, 
  i 'm saying just about the same in the end , but a lot of people do n't necessarily see children as a burden , but they just do n't want/need them . 
  they 're perfectly happy with their job and the freedom that brings a childless life . 
  so capitalism has indeed led to children being a burden for men and women sometimes , but it 's also opened up more paths you can choose in life ; mainly for women . 
  just in case the other person above was n't clear enough for you : krijg jij lekker de tyfus, 
  shame you do n't have a sense of humour though, 
  the laurenskerk is still there as well . 
  is he ? 
  i 'm worried about his temper , not the kind of guy i 'd want in the most important position i can think of . 
  other than that , this goes to show that you must never underestimate the other side of important decisions . 
  first the ukraine-referendum in the netherlands , then brexit and now , after months and months of `` trump is a joke , he truely fucked up this time , he 'll never get even close to being president '' , here we are in the end . 
  it 's a neck-n-neck race . 
  i 'd say europe was closer to a domination victory . 
  the whole world was colonized save for a few countries . 
  alright , which one of you stole the wadden islands ? 
  that 's funny , seeing as you just now said : '' ... do n't even try that shit with us , switzerland beats your country on almost every metric . 
  you 're poorer than us and i objectively live a better and more prosperous life than you do . '', 
  what 's your problem ? 
  why so bitter ? 
  belgium only gets in the news because they ca n't handle their minorities . 
  cut that . 
  if he wants to become dutch , speaks dutch and holds himself to dutch values , he 's as good dutch as you and me . 
  i love jan b\u00f6hmermann . 
  that polizistensohn song by him is genuis . 
  last time i checked he is a professor of history . 
  got his phd in yale . 
  seems like a historian to me . 
  go read up on jedwabne and what happened to the jews living in that village . 
  a lot of poles like their role as victim . 
  you see it everywhere , here on reddit too . 
  the story of a poor nation sandwiched between two big empires . 
  it 'd be a lot more reliable if it did n't leave out the fact that poles killed a lot of people as well throughout history . 
  every country is guilty of it . 
  i 'm not saying poland is evil and i 'm not denying that poles have a lot of evil things happened to them the past centuries , i 'm trying to show another side to the `` poor little poland '' stories you read here all the time . 
  what jan gross wrote about jedwabne is shocking , abhorrant and nauseating . 
  i recommend his book if you 're interested in ww2 . 
  the acts written there seem inhumane , and that 's what makes it so fascinating . 
  things like that must never be silenced . 
  it 's very politically charged haha, 
  the end shot was so ridiculous it was funny . 
  `` it 's slowly coming out ! '', 
  lol, 
  the area used to be , yes , but constantinopel was a roman city . 
  emperor constantine had it built during his reign . 
  it 's ironic , is n't it . 
  people are closing their eyes to the same thing that they hate russia for . 
  just look at any thread about russia on this sub . 
  any burn centers in eastern europe ? 
  we know nothing about homer , we do n't even know if he even existed . 
  it sounds more like a generic tourist attraction than a pagan temple from what i 've heard . 
  a true anglo-saxon , with noble anglo-saxon blood running through his anglo-saxon veins , would * never * say `` remain '' . 
  never , you hear me ? 
  well , if a few english diplomats said that 500 years ago , who are we to argue ? 
  times change , man . 
  you ca n't realistically compare the world of 500 years ago to the world today . 
  exactly . 
  if the mods want to get rid of propaganda on this subreddit , the have to be a lot stricter about misleading titles and dubious sources . 
  i understand that making a distinction between reliable and unreliable sources takes time and can be seen as propaganda , but the alternative , i.e. 
  threads like this one , which is little more than a hateful circlejerk , is even less desireable in my opinion . 
  people here really like to paint russia in a bad light . 
  that 's absolutely breathtaking . 
  imagine the thousands of stories unfolding in those streets as this photo was taken . 
  well to be fair , it was bombed to shit by the allies in ww2 . 
  and not all of the city is square like this , thankfully . 
  the country that shoots all the birds, 
  one thing i have n't read here yet is layers . 
  layers in your clothing are your friend . 
  undershirt/sleeveless , sweater above that , winter jacket above that . 
  maybe look into wearing [ long underwear ] ( https://www.hemdvoorhem.nl/images/t/thermo%20broek,%20wit%20 ( 2 ) . jpg ) under your pants as well . 
  i personally love it . 
  do n't forget to buy warm socks and good waterproof boots , if your feet are warm , then you 're warm , but if your feet are cold it does n't matter what you 're wearing since you 'll be cold no matter what . 
  yeah . 
  we tend to look really bitchy when walking down the street in the city , but do n't be afraid to ask directions or something else . 
  we 're alright , just a little bit like a coconut . 
  i 'd say after 2000 years of practice in europe , christianity is n't necessarily middle eastern . 
  the pope resides in rome , after all . 
  i do n't mean to shit on this party , of course , but you know those spice grinding stones are used all over the world , right ? 
  nederlands praten ja ? 
  it 's insulting, 
  why does this have the title `` atheism in europe '' ? 
  it 's about religion in general , not atheism . 
  it 's gotten out of control :(, 
  they are n't , and that 's the point he 's trying to make, 
  no nordic , uk . 
  you 're with us now . 
  tobacco is very addicting , for one . 
  trust me , i know . 
  and making it illegal will only make it more enticing , a forbidden fruit . 
  you speak as if you 're an expert , but you lack the knowledge to back it up . 
  i was in norway 2 years ago . 
  15c , clouds and rain every day . 
  i think this song is relevant https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a, 
  you never know whether someone is serious or not in / r/europe, 
  be careful , though . 
  i agree with you that this is propaganda , but there 's lots of truth in the article as well . 
  the truth often lies in the middle with this . 
  stay grounded . 
  you already have one . 
  it 's not a basic necessity,
