  grijzepilon is altijd boos . 
  nice picture , thanks for linking it !, 
  rotterdam had canals as well , then germany happened . 
  it was like that in the past . 
  now it 's like this : tourism -  $ $ $, 
  they even managed to dig a metrosystem underneath the city . 
  `` cheaper '' . 
  especially next to the canal , the restaurants are so expensive . 
  source : had a date there , paid a lot of money . 
  to add to / u/wedwken 's point : frankfurt has a lot of prime real estate in the surrounding area , lots of hills and beautiful nature , perfect for a rich banker to plonk his million dollar holiday home in and throw high class parties . 
  frankfurt constantly scores very high in happiness and quality of life standards , though . 
  why would you mind a french leading role in the eu ? 
  is ok . 
  that 's a very good question . 
  do n't forget good old manifest destiny . 
  plus the resurgence of christianity since 9/11 . 
  bush saying `` god is on our side '' about the iraq invasion feels like a modern crusade . 
  edit : plus , he actually mentioned a `` crusade against the evildoers '' himself . 
  all in good fun , friend . 
  do not fuck with oma 's , it 's true . 
  sort by controversial, 
  amsterdam : do n't even brother just take the metro . 
  for cars , the city is like the nine rings of hell . 
  the closer you get to the centre the worse it gets . 
  the european one is from 2005 , the american fusion is brand new . 
  agreed . 
  the army does the deed , but it 's the propaganda that brought them to that point . 
  the citycruiser, 
  hey , we can dunk some chicken in fryers as well , no problem . 
  we 'll call it `` rotterdam gefrituurde kip '' ( rotterdam has insanely good chicken places ) . 
  it fits , because the abbreviation , rgk is the same sound you hear when you bite down on a fried drumstick !, 
  see , we can beat them !, 
  your comment made me think of nero . 
  i sometimes pity him , you know . 
  i see him not as an example of a deranged tiran , but more of an example that propaganda wins . 
  sounds fantastic , you 've really thought this through . 
  i love your defence program . 
  the first line of defence is that people do n't know where your countries are on a map , and then the second line is to point any passing soldiers that * did * find your country down to poland , slowakia etc. 
  truly genius . 
  no , it 's the totes asian russians, 
  nobody else answered so i 'll speak for the guys : heck yes let 's do this shit . 
  top notch dongers , man, 
  we can make it a chain of conquering . 
  big fish/small fish . 
  we take belgium and luxembourg , germany takes us . 
  poland takes czechia and slowakia , russia takes poland . 
  was n't that a false claim ? 
  oh right yeah . 
  did n't notice that , thanks for pointing it out . 
  the title is clickbaity and makes it seem that it 's recent , but it does n't * actually * state that . 
  clickbait , yes . 
  fake , no . 
  shhh, 
  sarcasm dude . 
  about point nr 3 : heidevolk is a dutch folk metal band . 
  they sing in a funny dutch dialect , are heavy and rough and sing about mythology and the likes . 
  [ here 's one song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reolelx0q9u ) . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  freedom of religion , come on . 
  nah , this is n't a religious problem . 
  this should be solved by reporting the organisation for hate-spreading . 
  well stamp my ticket , i 'll be there !, 
  thanks conducteur !, 
  i loved the cultural exchanges of / r/thenetherlands and i hope this one will be succesful as well . 
  thank you mods , for organising this !, 
  i 'll be looking forward to it !, 
  actually copying trump 's way of speaking . 
  sad . 
  duuuuude like todally weed , ehehehe, 
  i literally witnessed the exact point where the mental health system drove my therapist over the edge . 
  planning new appointments should n't be so hard . 
  is that the fault of a modern frenchman ? 
  what can modern day europe do about the past ? 
  it happened , now we deal with it . 
  some deal with it by joking about it . 
  that 's life . 
  poe 's law is very prevalent on reddit . 
  well , a colony is a very broad term in itself . 
  the ancient greek colonies like massilia and cyrene were very different from the dutch east indies or india for example . 
  anyway , i think a trading post does fall under the category of `` colony '' as well . 
  it was n't imperialistic or exploitative , but that 's not a synonym for `` colony '' anyway . 
  it 's so paradoxal . 
  people here love to shit on britain for its tabloids and unreliable newspapers , but when they shit on britain itself they 're more than happy to take it at face value , even going as far as to be cynical about brits bringing perspective ( look at the top comment here ) . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in between , like you said . 
  there is probably an increase in hate-crimes , but british press live off of fearmongering , so they 'll overplay the whole situation . 
  you on your mobile there ? 
  it annoys me as well . 
  if you 're not going to be quiet , just move over one car . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  by the way , the loudest people i 've ever heard in a stiltecoup\u00e9 were none other than british business people . 
  it was a few weeks back and those two kept talking on their phones ( `` yeh yeh we jost now passed yutrect '' `` neuw we 're actually headed to emsterdem doivendrect '' and other great stuff ) and then occasionally they talked to each other about the chinese food they were slurping up . 
  god i still get angry when i think back to that . 
  well , we have periods of a lot of snow once every 5 or so years . 
  it does happen , just not every year . 
  that your comparison is idiotic and based on sentiment , rather than historical facts . 
  projecting modern matters , values and situations on history is inaccurate in itself , seeing as the world has changed profoundly throughout history . 
  people acted different and people thought different throughout history . 
  so your comparison is devalued completely . 
  yet in your mind , you compare isis to `` civilisation '' ( which is a loose term ) like the renaissance and the enlightenment . 
  lets first get pedantic and say that the renaissance and the enlightenment are terms for changes in art and philosophy , they 're not a civilisation .
