  just hide the post and move on . 
  let 's hope it works . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  that 's a good point , you 're right . 
  have a good day !, 
  so remove this post ? 
  thanks for the clarification btw, 
  have you not heard of the great finland-netherlands statistic rivalry ? 
  nakkimasteruu do n't hide yourself from me :( i notice you ... if you notice ... m. ... me ( \u0e51 \u2022 \u0301 \u03c9 \u2022 \u0300\u0e51 ), 
  a long , long time ago , friend . 
  i think this post hitting / r/all does make this thread a bit more toxic than usual , but people here ca n't tell the difference between condemning a government for its actions and feeling hatred for all 150 million russians . 
  it 's an age-old reddit fun fact , but norway is one country away from north-korea . 
  yes , he kills them all by himself . 
  incredible . 
  off topic , but i fucking hate that emoticon, 
  that guy and the snowman look like they just discussed their relationship , and it was really awkward . 
  i had a really hot french teacher once , she was flemish , and teenage me was in love haha . 
  i 've loved flemish dutch accent ever since . 
  the average hot chick from every country , apparently . 
  we 're beautiful \u00dcbermenschen . 
  it is known . 
  true russians ... live in ... poland ? 
  well , yeah , maybe that 's necessary . 
  and that 's whataboutism . 
  both users have a bias . 
  those people were still humans . 
  they had family and friends . 
  i mourn for the people . 
  the fun thing about politics is that you can disagree with each other on a fundamental level , yet still be able to eat some nice yule logs with each other afterwards and laugh about it all . 
  i wish you a merry christmas , uk !, 
  let 's enjoy this christmas !, 
  i 'm saddened by this :( my condoleances to families and friends of the deceased . 
  oh i know , do n't get me wrong , but literally anyone can copy and paste a wall of text just to prove a point . 
  at least provide the link , you know ? 
  where did that information come from ? 
  is that really what you think ? 
  no one can tell what it 's going to be like in the future , your last paragraph is pure and empty fearmongering , based on nothing factual . 
  also , the term nazi has a strong connotation with germans , and also vice-versa . 
  got any reliable sources about that white-washing ? 
  we 're talking about the country that wants to prosecute a historian for `` insulting the polish nation '' . 
  never . 
  but this is a way to unite europe :(, 
  gib clay . 
  no , it 's sint maarten !, 
  why ? 
  there are three main types of plate borders : convergent , divergent , and transform . 
  so the plates can go toward each other , away from each other or they can rub against each other . 
  out of those three , the divergent border is the one with the least buildup of tension , so there are n't really any earthquakes . 
  and that 's the type of border that you can see on the image here . 
  i have to say , i 've been to france almost every summer and i 've never heard someone say `` chocolatine '' . 
  job well done for camp pain i guess . 
  i 'm going to bed now , but i saved it . 
  thanks for the link , and have a good night !, 
  yeah , that 's an interesting concept as well !, 
  you could just as well argue that ancient greece was more asian than european , because western europe was n't much at that time and small asia and mesopotamia were big influencers of greek culture and history . 
  the debate on continents is fascinating . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 'd like to think that my edit is a bit less criminally wrong , but there indeed has n't been a 1500 year long war between islam and the west . 
  not in the slightest . 
  you 're right , it is horribly generalised . 
  sorry for the confusion , i 've learnt my lesson haha . 
  right , yeah . 
  i can see how that looks . 
  sorry for giving you the wrong impression . 
  i 'll edit my reply to avoid confusion then . 
  did i say there is an `` ongoing war '' between europe and islam ? 
  i mean that there has been a lot of conflict between ( western ) europe and civilisations in the middle east , north africa and small asia . 
  that 's not an `` ongoing war '' . 
  ~ ~ why ? 
  you have rapid expansion of caliphates after 632 , moorish pirates in the 9th and 10th century , the crusades from 1095 until after 1291 , the reconquista , the ottoman wars , western dominance over former ottoman territories , the mess during the cold war and terrorism these days . ~ ~ ~ ~ i 'm not saying it 's continuous , i 'm not saying there has * only * been conflict between the two regions , i 'm not saying there 's an `` ongoing war '' between europe and islam , i 'm not saying either region is better than the other and i 'm not saying the conflicts are justified just because of the difference between the two regions . 
  i 'm just saying that there has been a lot of conlict between the regions throughout history . ~ ~ ~ ~ i 'm very open to you giving commentary on this from your side , because my list is a horrible generalisation and is far from complete . ~ ~ edit : disregard this , please . 
  it 's a bit pointless . 
  can you explain to me how so ? 
  uni student history checking in . 
  i wan na go back to four more years pliz, 
  using eras is always going to be ambiguous . 
  but people here know the medieval period started at around 500 , so i just typed that , even though it 's a bit eurocentric . 
  632 does fall under what historians call the early medieval period . 
  rousing is the closest i can come up with . 
  exciting has too much of a positive connotion , i feel . 
  that 's why you 're getting reactions like that . 
  they are n't the same folks as / r/conspiracy . 
  it 's a bit strange . 
  the russians you see there are more aware of the west , because they 're on reddit , and the non-russians there are people from the west who are more involved , as it were , with russia . 
  so you get a bit of a strange mix . 
  some very cool culture-related posts there , though , i like those . 
  they see themselves as martyrs . 
  it goes way back to the early medieval period , sadly . 
  edit : no , there has n't been a continuous conflict between the european west and islam . 
  it 's not a war . 
  it 's more that western europe and the middle east have known a number of interregional conflicts throughout history . 
  stalinism is anti-human , communism in essence is n't . 
  i 'm sorry you give into hate that much . 
  do you even read what he said ? 
  he makes a valid point and backs it up with a historical perspective . 
  no , but the russian government did use lies and deceit like that in this information warfare . 
  that does n't make what happened leading up to iraq any less dirty , but it does n't excuse the russian government either . 
  i hope that last part was sarcastic , but given your tone in this section , i doubt it . 
  this is an interesting , well-written article . 
  i 'd like to know the author , though , as i ca n't seem to find it on the webpage .
