  damn , that 's horrible :( i know how indescribable it is to be in that position , and i hope that you 're doing better now !, 
  wow . 
  that sounds like an interesting story . 
  i would love to hear it if you feel up for it !, 
  what on earth does this have to do with zwarte piet ? 
  he 's a sour person ? 
  i do n't experience this at all . 
  if anything we feel small and we use the internet to attention whore us out . 
  of course it 's not that , it 's just that this article has been on the front page three times already now . 
  only now the title has a `` they did it to us !!!! '', 
  sauce poured over it . 
  why do n't we just call prague the centre and be done with it, 
  you filthy spaniard , 1648 best year of my life !, 
  * throws bottle at your head *, 
  you felt the need to post this with such a title . 
  you 're clearly bothered by it . 
  it 's too easy to trigger easterners in this sub . 
  tell a pole that his country is eastern european or that jan t gross should be lauded and you get half the sub 's poles all over you . 
  tell a person from the baltics they live in an ex-soviet state and they 'll be angry . 
  etc etc. 
  of course i get a bit angry too if someone tells me i smoke weed 24/7 or that i 'm one of those entitled westerners , but you do n't see the same level of hot-headed replies from my fellow dutchmen , or french , or spanish . 
  stupid on so many levels . 
  you lie and your comment has nothing to do with this story . 
  it has to be goudse kaas . 
  versatile and very tasty . 
  love it . 
  i think i like that one better , nice job, 
  yeah but come on . 
  komkommertijd is one of the best words out there, 
  haha that 's amazing, 
  that depends on which branch , but yeah you 're right . 
  most of them do consider this . 
  jesus is the son of god , not god . 
  they are so obsessed with putting down religion that they 're doing exactly what they hate so much about religion : feelings and prejudice are more important , facts do n't matter . 
  ode to gayness , same thing, 
  the combination of * cucumber time * and the seriousness of this case is really stupid . 
  all i read is eggs , eggs , eggs . 
  i do n't know what to think anymore because we 're egged to death with all these news items . 
  you should !, 
  i always say you have n't lived if you have n't eaten a tender merchant . 
  we mostly blame chickfriend here, 
  the root of this is nationalism that surged up in the post-ussr period . 
  the ex-soviet states ( some people even get angry if you call them that ) are still searching their new role in this world now that they 're free . 
  nationalism seems to be a good answer to many uncertainties . 
  these guys are usually sent back into africa after a short time , though . 
  i read that spain does n't fuck around here . 
  these people on the boat are americans lol, 
  new york pizza is better than domino 's , i think . 
  but that probably varies from place to place, 
  you 're fantasizing about gassing muslims ? 
  `` them '' ? 
  who do you mean by `` them '' ? 
  did you actually think people here care so much about america that they organise an entire parade to `` make america gay again '' ? 
  it 's one boat , buddy . 
  one boat in a huge parade . 
  and that 's precisely why this boat is such a success . 
  keep on being salty , people . 
  this is hardly the last trump joke you 're going to see . 
  all sorts . 
  mega farms , but also organic farms are both contaminated , because the blood lice removal company advertised their product as organic and friendly to the chickens, 
  do n't you say anything about my chicken on pizza !, 
  the benelux is so small that it 's pretty much all local , though, 
  this causes liver or kidney failure if you 're unlucky, 
  there is a balance to be found . 
  unregulated mass tourism destroys the city , buy banning tourism as a whole does so too . 
  but european tourist hotspots ca n't go on like this . 
  yes you can definitely blame them for being greedy . 
  they 're tearing cities apart . 
  pay the court a fine or serve your sentence !, 
  your stolen goods are now forfeit . 
  when jkr told them she did n't want an american actor as harry , they all realized . 
  therefore he was a true european . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  or villain . 
  he was important , yes , but he was anything but kind to the people he encountered in the caribbean , and if anything his legacy is incredibly controversial . 
  huge , but controversial . 
  he 's named after the famous movie director . 
  murdered and enslaved a bunch of people . 
  a true european . 
  probably colder fresh water mixing with the sea water, 
   i love it , because it is my home . 
  i knew it . 
  the crab people are among us, 
  victim complex, 
  they dump all their shit in it with a note attatched to it , saying `` with love '', 
  i 've been to triglav last year . 
  unbelievable scenery , great food , beer and very kind people . 
  nothing but happy memories from slovenia and the slovenes . 
  they have pills for that , you know . 
  think of it like this . 
  the mountains of the alps are surrounded by hills , and they only rise up from sea level in the provence . 
  the norwegian highlands have fjords cutting through them . 
  the mountains go up thousands of meters right next to the sea . 
  nice map . 
  thanks , friend !, 
  that worked surprisingly well, 
  it 's still really a shame of the architectural heritage . 
  i walked through berlin a lot a week ago , and every monument had a text next to it saying `` destroyed by anglo-american bombings '' . 
  i 'm not being revisionist , i 'm not pointing fingers . 
  bomb raids do n't discriminate and are n't always the most accurate , but it still occurs to you that those churches and monuments are just as much victims of war .
