  :( ( ( ( ( ( ( in all honesty , high five to finland . 
  long live freedom . 
  sums up this subreddit nicely . 
  russia europe trump, 
  i do n't think so tbh . 
  i think apart from mh-17 people are generally indifferent to russia . 
  that 's the crux about it . 
  trump is democratically elected . 
  how could we as outsiders go against that ? 
  he is the will of the people . 
  do n't forget barbeque sauce on the pizza . 
  same with the netherlands . 
  pvv has no ties with russia . 
  what a bunch of whining . 
  repeating the strong bond between europe , throwing a random quote of putin in it to paint him as a lunatic , and using weird examples of american food to make him more human too . 
   `` please , europe , hold liberty 's torch for us until we can rejoin you in a progressive , democratic world . 
  we the people are counting on you to save us . 
  all of us . '', 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  many americans think of europe as run by softie governments who were stupid enough to let muslims in , and it is now a new caliphate . 
  europe does n't really have a good image in america . 
  make love , not war friend, 
  they 're an easy target for illuminati overlord conspiracies . 
  i do think we could use more women here , it gets a little one-sided at times . 
  is that comic sans ? 
  he was cordial to europe , and that gives him a good image . 
  if you ask about obama in , say , iraq , however , you 'll probably get very different responses . 
  you reply to a comment that stated that isis had a remarkably powerful rise to prominence in 2014 . 
  and making a sweeping statement by throwing an entire people into one box like that is horribly inaccurate . 
  it 's repulsive , the way you judge an entire culture . 
  [ here 's an article that paints a broad picture about the goings of the turkish invasion ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-syria-civil-war-turkey-al-bab-united-states-aleppo-peace-talks-astana-a7546406.html ) . 
  [ here 's an interesting article about turkey 's position in geopolitics and syria ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/columns/turkey-faces-two-uneasy-choices-syria-neither-them-good-1983506046 ) . 
  what it boils down to is that turkey underestimated isis , has n't gotten the help from us it wanted ( especially with the isolationist in the white house now ) and they 're having a lot of trouble with the local kurds . 
  those rebels conquered an area with millions and millions of civilians . 
  isis is n't a full-blown power , but they control a very large pile of ex-us military supplies and they have troops who have been trained extensively . 
  the turkish show of force in syria is a complete farce . 
  erdogan played his cards and he lost . 
  he is in no position to go against russia at the moment . 
  i 'm impressed they refrained from laughing out loud haha . 
  you got ta be really careful with this kind of speech , you either kill it or you 'll look ridiculous . 
  all nazis . 
  even autobot . 
  what do you have against those poor cows ? 
  no it was the mascot of the 2010 spanish national football team . 
  yes , let 's go back to trump bashing , uk bashing and russia bashing . 
  good times . 
  but where to find them ? 
  what 's next , `` fords of europe '' ? 
  welcome to the adult club !, 
  huh . 
  turns out being blind * and * dumb is a bad combo . 
  it 's at 586k ~ ~ and closed ~ ~ . 
  i was n't serious . 
  in a shocking sequence of events , erdogan went online to / r/europe , saw this link , clicked on the comments and then saw / u/thorbee 's comment ( `` fuck off , erdogan ! '' ) . 
  erdogan promptly felt very remorseful , was genuinely sad and decided to step down . 
  more at 8 . 
  come on , it 's just a statistic . 
  you 've got it the wrong way around , it seems, 
  but i thought russians gave no shits about the cold . 
  be vigilant , all the time . 
  it 's a strange city to grow up in . 
  depressing , yes , but it 's a very spacious city with lots of forest to wander around in . 
  it gave me room to be on my own when i needed it most and in that way i kind of love the city . 
  kids are resilient as fuck , they can handle some history . 
  it develops their critical thinking and makes them question things , which is good . 
  fun europe fact : the jacobins and some other radicals during the french revolution saw history as something unnecessary , as something to be discarded . 
  a lot of people were really shocked by this belief and that shock was one of the reasons why history started to become an academic subject in universities , instead of just a hobby . 
  i live in that city . 
  it can be depressing here , but this monstrosity takes the cake . 
  it 's next to the a6 highway in a foresty buffer zone between the highway and the residential areas . 
  the terrain has been unkept for about 10 years now and it 's overgrown . 
  it 's also next to a broad , unused and silent canal . 
  it 's kind of poetically tragic , biking or walking by it . 
  it brings out the grey of the city in a unique way . 
  i made a few other pics of it but they 're on my old phone . 
  if someone is interested , i 'll try and upload them . 
  you 'll march to the tune of yellow submarine, 
  amsterdam as a city is a whore for english and american culture . 
  eh , it 's not the level of a local boulangerie , but the bread department of the supermarkets are good . 
  much better than the german bread , which is too sweet and chewy . 
  except for the bread . 
  no idea , man . 
  i do cook too much food every time , but i always put that stuff in the freezer for later . 
  i ca n't speak for anyone else , sadly . 
  people do n't really talk about this . 
  that 's gorgeous . 
  looks like an ideal spot to control the entire valley as well . 
  but aside from that , i love the tags for these fort pics . 
  nah , i think you 're onto something : gibraltar comes from arabic gib al-tariq ( `` the mountain of al-tariq '' ) . 
  so gibraltar is an islamic shithole . 
  who knew eh ? 
  gladly . 
  my lawyer , nick `` the cage '' cage is the best in his field . 
  you 're finished , buster . 
  yes , there are russian shills , but putting all the blame on russians here is n't helpful either . 
  there are lots of brainless people from every country , we should n't brush them aside just because there are russian trolls here and there . 
  the vast majority are just subscribed because of their geolocation , and they do n't do anything on this sub . 
  this severely hurts my stocks in schulz memes , and i will hold you accountable for that . 
  he/she probably hates all dutchmen by now . 
  carevans , loud people etc.
