  it 's actually troups of vw employees doing it every year . 
  my god . 
  shove your baton up my arse ! '', 
  `` pourqoi ? '', 
  `` no time to expliquer , do it ! '', 
  `` d'accord . '', 
  yes , linking a polandball really convinced me . 
  this subreddit will believe anything that paints russia in a bad light . 
  come on , let 's not be too hard on op . 
  he did try , after all , and we should commend him for trying . 
  stupid google translate just threw a spanner in the works . 
  he knows how to get the sweet / r/europe karma . 
  same here at / r / thenetherlands . 
  i have trust that we can make europe great together !, 
  this is just an easy excuse for the fact that people learn a very simple form of english at the cost of dutch . 
  it 's detrimental to the kid 's development and it makes communication harder because people often only know the english word for something , and not the dutch one . 
  :( i think i 'm glad that i did n't know of that subreddit . 
  people use those polls as a signal to the government . 
  respect us and do well , or we vote pvv . 
  so to speak . 
  how hard is it to admit that it was an radical left-wing pycho ? 
  this is n't america , the left-right thing is not an us-versus-them matter that goes into riots and gun violence . 
  and sweden loves you too , random citizen !, 
  today was a good day :p, 
  regardless of their reasons why , it does make the data more interesting . 
  it shows that it 's a more complicated and deep-lying issue than just the aftereffects of the iron curtain . 
  / r/europe is the most anti-russian place on the internet that i know . 
  if it was limited to comments denouncing the russian government , i 'd agree with it , but this here is a circlejerk based on fear and resentment . 
  it 's unhealthy , like these people have an obsession with hating russia . 
  is n't the fact that nato continued existing after the cold war an aggressive move from the west ? 
  i 'm not excusing the actions of the russian government here , by the way , do n't get me wrong about that . 
  the people washington know all too much about that , as well . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  i do n't think so at all . 
  but the nam and aardgas matter has damaged the groningers ' trust in the left . 
  it 's no longer a guaranteed pvda bulwark . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  until the left ( and the right , but also the left ) decides to fuck them over , take all their riches and then leaves them to rot in their cracked and damaged homes, 
  / r/netherlands was the old subreddit but some asshole took it over and invited his goons in . 
  we all moved , they kept / r/netherlands , shamelessly copied our cs and now it 's just sitting there . 
  you 're welcome to keep all / r/t _ d posters away from us :d, 
  that word made the statement from 10/10 to 20/10 . 
  what a guy . 
  we surpassed them in subscriber count a month or so back . 
  we 're in it for the long run instead of short-sighted shitposting . 
  god , imagine the chaos . 
  i 'm happy with the mood of the subreddit , it 's civil , it 's level-headed and it 's mostly about the netherlands itself . 
  we can do without the folk that is attracted by shitposts imo . 
  male student and/or 20-25 years old ? 
  prima . 
  i guess things like diyanet make the netherlands a lot less popular a destination among liberal turks as well . 
  minarets are forbidden in the netherlands, 
  at least everywhere i went the headlines had `` fake '' in them . 
  you know that the influx of immigrants is getting lower and lower ? 
  the asielzoekerscentra and the refugee centres are both getting empty . 
  so no need to put this country into more danger by voting for pvv . 
  he 's been living in this isolated world , surrounded by security 24/7 since about 2008 now . 
  he 's completely lost it . 
  the duolingo bot voice tragically died trying to pronounce that, 
  invest now !, 
  this is gon na blow up like all the others . 
  explain . 
   according to one u.s. official there is a big information war going on . 
  i would advise everyone to take this with a grain of salt . 
  why ? 
  be careful though . 
  regardless of what side the pic is from , you should take everything with a grain of salt . 
  it would n't be the first time photographs were staged for shock effect . 
  congratulations romania !, 
  your unwavering protest was inspiring to watch , and you should be very proud of yourselves !, 
  congratulations , this is one of the most elitist , arrogant things i 've read on this subreddit !, 
  lol , go back to your dorito benito, 
   you love us sorry to inform you , buddy, 
  u hack my laptop ? 
  my mouse move on its own and now i upvote u ?!? 
  wat is this \u0447\u0451\u0440\u043d\u044b\u0439 magic ? 
  help !, 
  i 'm all for diversity here , but flooding a comment section like this , downvoting everyone , personally insulting people and generally being an ass is just shitty . 
  it drags this subreddit down . 
  you won !, 
  go down in this thread . 
  it 's crawling with people from / r/the _ donald, 
  oh they know . 
  they 're just a bit more underhanded when rubbing it in our faces . 
  more context : / u/tonyquark is the css guy of / r/thenetherlands so those jokers at / r/netherlands stole his shit . 
  i know , friend , it 's really sad :( just remember that there are plenty of people like you and me out there , who want none of this . 
  they 're just not screaming out loud on the internet . 
  look at the username . 
  this is a troll . 
  they are jobless and without hobbies . 
  they have plenty of time to scour reddit for threads to brigade . 
  see , in my circles trust in russia is low , yes , but not 0 . 
  many people i know either do n't care about russia or are of the opinion that there is an information war going on , so we should n't blindly trust the news . 
  that is fearmongering . 
  russia ca n't sustain those things economically speaking . 
  plus , putin is careful and calculating in terms of geopolitics . 
  i do n't see him doing drastic things like that . 
  they 'll have to learn dutch though . 
  triggered, 
  so we can never win ?
