  can i correct your spelling a bit ? 
  powerful and peaceful only have 1 l at the end, 
  u fokin wot cheeky cunt, 
  no , you see , those are feyenoord fans . 
  they 're not dutch , 
  i regularily bike along that castle . 
  nothing has changed about it the last 10 years , only the terrain is now overgrown and wild . 
  it 's racist !, 
  hah yeah , who lives in barcelona right ? 
  what i mean is : it 's a question that pretty much asks people to answer it with `` i 'm gon na kill those russians '' . 
  the last thing we need now as a europe-wide forum is more hate toward each other . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  `` propaganda platform '' might be a bit too much , but politics here are one big joke . 
  what a nice question to ask / s, 
  thank you . 
  guys , this whole information war is n't a myth or some far-away show . 
  you see it all over the internet , including reddit . 
  so be very aware for that . 
  aur accent is riellie goet !, 
  really cool pictures , too . 
  yeah , there 's loads of birds here . 
  i counted 19 different species over the past year in my back yard . 
  vwo high school in nl . 
  i learnt about the ottoman empire and the battle at vienna . 
  also the fact that it got torn apart after ww1 . 
  but i did n't know how the empire worked , what hierarchy there was or anything else . 
  the moment we do that , venezuela will come in and seize them . 
  it 's almost as if different people have different opinions and agendas . 
  a country consisting of four different countries is n't multicultural ? 
  indian food everywhere ? 
  kebab stands everywhere ? 
  dialects in every different town ? 
  such is life everywhere . 
  the netherlands love complaining as well and if you 're wondering whether americans like complaining , just open up / r/all . 
  `` 36 % of swedes wish to leave eu in case of brexit , according to poll '', 
  but can you lick your elbows ? 
  depends on the situation . 
  i speak dutch 99 % of the time , at home , at work and with my friends . 
  i type and write in english about 80 % of the time on the internet . 
  but that 's just because i 'm all over reddit . 
  overall , dutch is more fun to use while speaking , english has a knack for the dramatic , it can sound more poetic and story-like . 
  and what does `` native dutch '' even mean ? 
  the netherlands have had waves of immigrants ever since the end of the 16th century . 
  it 's all become a mixing pot , save for the more rural areas . 
  that 's true , good point . 
  but it does get used in names quite a lot . 
  a gezondheidscentrum near me is called `` de compagnie '' , for example . 
  cardboard, 
  it 's still a correct word . 
  we grant you the gift of crippling bureaucracy, 
  it 's okay to say 17th century, 
  i 'm the greatest horse fokker in the world, 
  when i was a child , i thought aquafresh was dutch , because they made red white and blue toothpaste . 
  willy to become leader of eu . 
  and that 's only step 1 in our plan . 
  joke 's on them , they thought they could take the fyra . 
  now , if they took the flixbus though , i 'd be worried . 
  hey , russian music can be very good . 
  i 'm very into julia savicheva lately . 
  saw a youtube video named `` best russian song '' , clicked on it and i was hooked . 
  [ here 's my favourite song by her ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g42olohivyq ) . 
  she was absolutely gorgeous , too . 
  you calling my country morally bankrupt ? 
  to prison with you !, 
  ah , yes . 
  land of the nethers . 
  but here in the netherlands we use tsjechi\u00eb and tsjetsjeni\u00eb , and i do n't think people confuse them a lot . 
  pizza hawaii is pretty normal in europe . 
  [ but pizza erwtensoep however ... ] ( http://1.static.upcoming.nl/static/images/b102e9c121_1455548821_deze-helden-proefden-de-pizza-erwtensoep-zouden-ze-nog-leven__shre.jpg ), 
  oh , shit , this is the first time i see you can do that here . 
  how long has that option been here ? 
  yeah , i agree . 
  though i do read the sub regularly , i 'd rather not have any of them as my friends . 
  there is a taste of circlejerking there . 
  and a sausage fest of 20-something year old students . 
  i also do n't really like the arrogancy of some people there . 
  there 's been plenty of talk that the `` against '' voters do n't really know what they 're talking about , and that their vote is n't really valid . 
  props for admitting it , at least, 
  only ukrainians seem to think so, 
  i do n't even know where the idea came from that all the `` for '' voters are staying at home . 
  concidering it 's a 300 + pages thick document this is about plus a whole heap of geopolitics , very , very few . 
  some other arguments from the `` against '' camp : the government and our prime minister were pretty clear in what they wanted . 
  they wanted `` for '' , and there was an attitude of `` if you vote against , you do n't know what you 're talking about '' . 
  people feel like they are n't being taken seriously . 
  so they vote `` against . '', 
  also , and this was one of the harder points when i was considering what to vote : child labour . 
  there 's a lot of that going on in ukraine , and i do n't want to have anything to do with that at all . 
  it 's wrong , it 's outlawed here , and our economy should n't profit of it . 
  i voted `` for '' in the end , but people have to understand that a lot of discussion is n't about ukraine at all . 
  it is n't like people here are now rubbing our hands , grinning evilly and thinking `` ehehehe now we showed them ukrainians ehehehe '' . 
  they 're more concerned about how our government will react . 
  and put children at work on farms !, 
  great !, 
  and aspiring politicians . 
  one of the loudest anti-agreement parties was the socialist party . 
  do n't blame the far-rights for this . 
  because ukraine is still very backward in certain areas like child labour and animal rights . 
  especially child labour in the agrarian sector is worrying to me . 
  you do make some valid points , but you got ta understand that panama papers is so much more than what you call a `` false western propaganda media campaign . '', 
  the documents are all there , the many newspapers choose what to focus on .
