  and the fact that it happened relatively recently does n't help either . 
  people are joking in this thread , saying they are n't offended , but i agree with rutte that this is vile falsification of history . 
  erdogan is such a pathetic leader that he needs to resort to such low blows and this comment definitely went way too far . 
  if someone tried to talk to me in the street i 'd first be confused as to why they would talk to me , and then i 'd be pissed because i just want to walk alone and think . 
  baudet talks about immigration like it 's a plot to exterminate the white race . 
  that 's just as bad , if not worse than wilders . 
  that is disturbing , fuck me . 
  you 're my friend , pal, 
  yeah , we 're more than good . 
  pvv is the only one who wants \\ #nexit , outside of a few joke parties with no chance of getting even a single seat . 
  no one wants to govern together with pvv and pvv is n't the biggest party in the polls anymore for a while . 
  naww , thanks german friends . 
  now stop with that toll road thing for foreigners and we 'll be bff 's . 
  we got this , friend . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a new account , so there are two options : it 's either a troll or it 's an angry turk who decided to defend his nation 's honor by shitposting on the internet . 
  if the government did n't act , wilders would have benefitted a lot . 
  he already planned a protest against casuvoglu before the whole thing kicked off , so he was prepared to play off the crisis . 
  but rutte , koenders ( foreign affairs ) and aboutaleb ( mayor of rotterdam ) handled this situation superbly . 
  now , with the widespread support for the netherlands ( which is absolutely heartwarming , tnx guys < 3 ) , wilders is off to the sidelines on this one . 
  it would n't surprise me if rutte 's vvd manages to snag a few seats off of this from the pvv . 
  are the akp lunies here or is this just a troll ? 
  have fun standing in endless traffic jams and swearing at tourists on bikes lol, 
  gouda dawn cheese . 
  it 's taken straight out of a hipster music video with a cute girl and a handsome boy driving to a midsummer picnic together . 
  lens-flare and all . 
  that looks like a peaceful place . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  well done , friend . 
  it 's been too long since i 've seen a good belgengrap . 
  what the ass, 
  but jerking ourselves off feels so good . 
  thanks , friend . 
  i hope we in the eu can stand together against this kind of behavior . 
  also take your rating and shove it up your finnish \u00e4rss\u00eb, 
  they are n't ruining reddit like the trumpets so they 've got that going for them . 
  do you cry/laugh/both at this ? 
  i 'm laughing so hard o my god . 
  their faces as they menacingly stick a butter knife in an orange are amazing . 
  `` i never wanted to cut this precious fruit , you fascists . 
  you made me do this ! '', 
  eh , you ca n't choose you compatriots :d, 
  prepare your butts . 
  sunburnt people with too much money everywhere . 
  gerri eickhoff will brainwash you if you 're not careful . 
  look at the username , this is just a bad troll :p, 
  yeah exactly . 
  people who do n't understand russia today do n't know how the 90s were there . 
  putin is a very logical next step to fill up the power vacuum left behind after the fall of the soviet union . 
  honestly i have no idea what 's in store for russia . 
  i ca n't see putin stepping down in the coming 4-5 years , if at all . 
  and in the current climate i think him stepping down is n't desirable either . 
  you do n't know who will step up to fill his shoes . 
  damn he got us . 
  we were neutral 100 years ago so now we ca n't stop a few ministers . 
  ] ( http://images0.tcdn.nl/binnenland/article25939366.ece/binary/u/ns_150935-_61.jpg ), 
  pim fortuyn was the closest to that . 
  yeah ? 
  well , you are a mean person and i 'm telling the teacher !, 
  the fact that they 're everywhere makes change so hard . 
  simply choosing a new president , which is looking far away as well , does n't solve this . 
  it 's too inherent . 
  i have to say i 'm impressed . 
  it 's good to see that no matter how much threatening there is , we do n't bow down to it . 
  i talked about this with a friend from istanbul and it 's just really sad . 
  we 're friends , turks are nice people , but their government ca n't behave itself . 
  let 's hope friendship succeeds where politics fail . 
  let 's just keep it to alcohol . 
  we 're masters of the drink . 
  we could always join up , you know . 
  amsterdam-brussel is a thing . 
  i would n't be surprised if there 's a very large overlap of userbase . 
  only one way to improve , friend . 
  we wo n't judge you for poor english here since most of us do n't have it as our native tongue . 
  a comment saying `` wilders is good '' or something like that got 30 downvotes yesterday lol, 
  i dislike the fearmongering towards russia just as much , but these kinds of comments are childish and do n't help anyone . 
  they 're both eurosceptic populists who thrive on xenophobia . 
  seriously , * if * pvv becomes the biggest ( and the chances are slim ) , the other parties have 2 choices : being left out of the coalition but retaining nationwide trust and respect , or choose shortterm succes by being part of the coalition under pvv . 
  the latter will make the whole country hate those parties and never want to vote for them again . 
  people primarily act to their best chances of success , and forming a coalition with pvv is n't viable for the parties at all . 
  i thought i was funny by being unoriginal . 
  sorry you 're taking it bad , but try to remember that it 's just stupid jokes on a forum . 
  it 's not worth getting angry about it . 
  you know who else is tired ? 
  atat\u00fcrk , from rolling around in his grave so much . 
  i 'm good , thanks . 
  that 's a bunch of good points , well said . 
  i personally do n't like the idea that it 's necessary , but i agree with your points . 
  `` donald '' must be the least intimidating name to chant . 
  what 's there to be liked about the military ? 
  i agree that there 's a lot of fighting talk and that a military conflict seems likelier than 5-10 years ago . 
  but you 're talking out of your ass and spinning it into a sort of conspiracy theory and i do n't know why . 
  yes , the geopolitics have changed somewhat . 
  no , plans to increase military spending so that the army can at least have decent trainings is not a mass call to arms by the elite . 
  just be careful they do n't form soldiers of odin - / r/europe edition . 
  france is unbelievably gorgeous . 
  the country has so much more to offer than just the top tourist hotspots . 
  the gorges du verdon for example . 
  the gorge itself is amazing , but the entire surrounding area is beautiful as well . 
  if you walk 5 km into the mountains surrounding it it 's already much quieter , emptier and still breathtaking .
