  wait until we get our hands on all that clay . 
  weed is fun , but the excitement drops a bit if it 's not this elusive illegal substance . 
  i could get high on the way to uni every day , i walk past a lot of coffeeshops after all , but why would i ? 
  right , sorry about that . 
  let 's plan a meeting in the short term to assess the risks and consider the possibilities . 
  at least we speak . 
  i would n't call what you danes utter the same . 
  it takes the modern definition of a nation state , i.e. 
  a fixed , powerful , clear-cut central government and fixed , clear borders , and applies it to a time where it does n't fit the world view at all . 
  this is a / r/badhistory anachronism . 
  [ can confirm ] ( http://www.tubantia.nl/polopoly_fs/1.2329827.1350650324!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_800_600/image-2329827.jpg ), 
  did you just shit on our parade, 
  only men know the pains of giving birth . 
  fuck that 's fantastic . 
  rip in peace . 
  they taste of patented south-asian pollution and little children 's tears . 
  it 's scary how accurate this is . 
  every ec/wc everyone walks around in orange summer clothing , including orange birkenstocks . 
  he 's like those asshole theatre guys who always wear eyeliner and have sex with every girl in the cast . 
  i got you from [ pupper ] ( https://myalbum.com/photo/qp3cfqpjjhvd/med.jpg ) to [ ne\u00carlands glorie ] ( http://i200.photobucket.com/albums/aa168/lindahilde/ede209.jpg ) , the [ kooiker ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/a1/25/d7/a125d7b52ff88bd23adb71354883dee8.jpg ) is a very good boy . 
  what turkey is doing is n't campaigning . 
  they 're deliberately pushing eu countries to be angry with them to strengthen the `` us vs them '' mentality back in turkey . 
  this is a filthy political game , started by turkey . 
  i say ban the foreign minister from campaigning on the ground of causing civil unrest . 
  the people who downvoted this need to learn to look past the russian flair and see that / u/rinnve is saying exactly the same thing the top comments here are saying : it was horrible , malicious and criminal , but it was n't a genocide . 
  the `` right side '' because you truly believe that or just because they were on the side of the uk ? 
  you should watch a movie like white house down . 
  hollywood is american propaganda if anything . 
  oh you should read up on john calvin and how that branch of protestantism came about . 
  context is everything . 
  turkey is already pushing it here with the diyanet shenanigans they 're pulling on the dutch turks , erdogan is showing some pretty dictatorial tendencies and there 's the matter of more than 100 journalists in prison in turkey right now . 
  macron might be a bit [ shouty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xedkyl04g74 ) , but he ca n't be compared to erdogan . 
  for now, 
  you did good distancing yourselves from that country . 
  half the country remembers how we learnt it in school ( chips ) , and the other half remembers how we learnt it on tv ( fries ) . 
  chips is what 's on your pic in dutch , though , dw . 
  welcome home , friend  i 'm eating chips with mayo as we speak . 
  the cold war called . 
  they want their worldview back . 
  i know there are religious institutions that block these equal rights , but just try to remember that religion is a huge , varied term . 
  there are atheists who do n't want to allow gay marriage , but that does n't mean that all atheists have that same opinion . 
  the fact that some people use the bible , or the quran or whatever else as a justification for their intolerance does n't negate that there are plenty of religious folk who are just chill about it . 
  judge people individually , not by their faith . 
  yes . 
  i find that strange . 
  i ca n't really understand why people get so worked up about it . 
  just live and let live . 
  i know you 're starting to get angry , but just take a deep breath , friend . 
  ca n't you at least be happy for the finns whose lives will become better and happier because of this decision ? 
  welcome to the club finland !, 
  this is great news , 
  the general opinion about religion here on reddit is pretty intolerant . 
  or , the people who are intolerant about religion are the loudest on this site . 
  we should take a group of jihadis from every european country and hold a hunger games style event , pitting them against each other . 
  it 'll be like a ec , but bloodier . 
  the country that produces the best jihadis wins . 
  this is a worrying case of course , but is the allcaps really necessary ? 
  that 's true . 
  did n't think of istanbul . 
  derp , thought we were talking about europe, 
  moscow has about 11 million inhabitants so good luck with that . 
  unrelated , but is your username a reference to the black family motto in harry potter ? 
  yeah , i went to a couple of high schools in germany and the english level in class was shockingly bad . 
  me and my friends could speak better than the teacher , and you can imagine how poor the students spoke the language . 
  should have taken the euro . 
  no , let 's keep spamposts like this to / r/yurop and / r/the _ schulz please . 
  the entire episode is gold . 
  that 's where you 're wrong , kiddo, 
  eh , that 's the thing with dishes . 
  potatoes are n't from europe yet it 's a staple in almost every cuisine . 
  people meet new foods , they experiment and then call it their own honorable tradition . 
  things like 's morgens , 's gravenhage too, 
  these kinds of articles are really damaging to the uk 's reputation in europe . 
  does n't matter that it 's completely made up and fabricated out of thin air , there are two groups that will happily swallow this : the unhappy folk who are angry with the ` elites ' and the eu citizens who are very angry with the uk . 
  do n't be surprised if his so called ` list ' does n't arrive . 
  he 'll probably file it in the wrong order and send it to poland instead of portugal . 
  you obviously have n't had a good rookworst . 
  i think they had belgrado at the time, 
  i 'm not saying anything about that . 
  i 'm just really worried about this datamining , regardless of who gains from it . 
  in a shock move , the whole of britain was convinced by this very comment . 
  within a week , brexit was cancelled , may stepped down and everything was good again . 
  / u/nemeblubb 's comment will go down in history . 
  it 's the mass spying and using people 's facebook for these ends that makes me outraged . 
  does n't matter which side uses this , this is creepy as fuck . 
  she 's corrupting groups of children to commit crimes together with her !, 
  behind a veneer of innocence lies no soul . 
  someone stop this antichrist !, 
  yes , but we need four horsemen of the apocalypse . 
  and we still only have three . 
  [ who can fill those last shoes ? 
  no , that 's nonsense . 
  the netherlands and belgium are huge potato consumers for one , and also eating habits and tastes do n't really change that much . 
  you can see that now with the environment question . 
  no one is willing to change their diet and eat less meat . 
  and it 's also part of the reason why cuisine is such a big part of a country 's tradition , rather than that people constantly form entirely new diets . 
  combine that with the fact that today 's wealth in europe is a relatively new thing , and it kinda disproves the idea of wealth being a deciding factor . 
  eh , i do n't really mash them too often myself . 
  only for boerenkool and hutspot . 
  the flattest planet shall be called the netherlands .
