  i did n't really mind at all in the first place . 
  half this site is a repost anyway , not worth it to get fussed about it . 
  yeah , there 's your problem . 
  i do n't think jamala has any malicious intentions , really . 
  it 's personal for her . 
  but it worked out brilliantly for the ukrainian broadcasters , who were more than happy to use her song . 
  do n't worry , this guy stole it from / r/eurovision . 
  no shame . 
  [ exclusive : leak in estonia 's defence program . 
  ] ( http://www.ilike2learn.com/ilike2learn/continent%20maps/country%20maps/europe/estonia.gif ) [ exclusive : another leak !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/dir/mosoel,+irak/tallinn,+tallinna+linn,+estland/@46.5088999,11.9952655,4z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m13!4m12!1m5!1m1!1s0x40079464db1a88b9:0x9745d74edd0f0930!2m2!1d43.1640004!2d36.3566484!1m5!1m1!1s0x46929499df5616bf:0x400b36d18fc6270!2m2!1d24.7535746!2d59.4369608?hl=nl ), 
  guys , i think this graph might be showing something ... ambitious ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov3xp5zxsya there 's still fantastic performances like these . 
  so many of those letters look like penises, 
  when i traveled to the alps as a kid , i was staring out of the car window , my mouth wide open in shock . 
  when i was in canada and we first drove into the rockies from alberta , i was practically orgasming . 
  it was all so * big * and high . 
  and there was * so much forest !, 
  * even driving on some of the roads through the hills in the ardennes makes me feel excited because it 's so wild in comparison to where i live . 
  only those who are mountainous . 
  interesting , i would 've assumed estonia would have giant , freezing mountain ranges . 
  til, 
  yeah but that 's not going to happen . 
  there 's 88 million people in germany . 
  it 's a pointless question . 
  okay , i called my mum , and she says estonia is mountains . 
  am i correct ? 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  i kind of get your point , germany will have a serious problem if there are a lot of crazy people/jihadis , but `` if people like this guys were majority of the country 's population '' ? 
  what do you even mean by that ? 
  what 's the point you 're trying to make ? 
  for finland too ? 
  even that far up north ? 
  \\  estonia \\  giant , freezing mountain ranges what ? 
  holden caulfield , is that you ? 
  how can you deny that marx was a great , influential thinker ? 
  he was a pioneer in social sciences and his ideas shaped the world immensely . 
  read up on this wiki page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libyan_civil_war_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) there 's a post-gadaffi power vacuum there and numerous factions and tribes are making full use of it . 
  intervening in libya has only led to more violence , murder and instability . 
  if you can call `` being ravaged by tribal warfare '' much better . 
  would you say he 's oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of adding nothing to the discussion ? 
  karl marx was a great man and a very influential thinker . 
  thanks for posting it here !, 
  and that , exactly that , is why your comment is ignorant and close-minded . 
  i do n't know if you 're just triggering op or actually proud of english and american cultural imperialism ? 
  you need to understand that the wealth , tolerance and high living standards are only a very , very recent phenomenon . 
  people talked about europe as a uniform christian phenomenon back in the time of charlemagne and i can tell you that europe was a backwater in eurasia back then . 
  to go into more specifics : norway was only independent since 1905 and its gas and oil reserves , their biggest source of wealth , were only discovered and being put in use in the ' 60 . 
  and what about the rest of europe ? 
  was europe a progressive , wealthy and good place when feudalism was widespread in western europe ? 
  or when the holy roman empire was completely torn apart ( 1/3rd of the population died and the infrastructure was completely gone ) by the thirty years ' war ? 
  or when feudalism was ( officially ) abolished only as recent as halfway through the 19th century in russia ? 
  or when nazi germany ( which was european ) industrially murdered entire peoples ? 
  or when europe had to receive a lifeline from the americans after wo2 becuase the entire continent was on fire and fully ravaged by war ? 
  through all those times , people still talked about europe . 
  but it was n't the wealthy , tolerant , stable europe you 're talking about . 
  your criteria are false . 
  what about tolerance then ? 
  let 's use the netherlands as example . 
  we are progressive in terms of gay rights , and only in 2001 did gays get full equality here . 
  so people talk about the current definition of europe since + -800 , gay equality is only here since 2001 . 
  that 's 16 years against 1200 years . 
  and if you say that gay rights are too specific for that : women only got full equality in the '50s , when they did n't get fired for being pregnant anymore . 
  in that case it 's + -60 years against 1200 years . 
  other examples then . 
  europe was still europe when frederick the great 's father slowly decapitated his friend and made him watch from a cage , on suspicion of them being ( gay ) lovers . 
  europe was still europe when the spanish inquisition sentenced the entire netherlands to death in the dutch revolt on religious grounds . 
  europe was still europe when europeans built and maintained the atlantic slave trade , whereby blacks were n't even considered human . 
  europe was still europe when they discovered tasmania and thought the locals were a missing link between ape and man . 
  they later cleansed the entire island for farming purposes , and the last surviving tasmanian , truganini , was exhumed after her death and her corpse was put on display in a museum , because they thought she was the last of the ` missing link ' . 
  still europe . 
  yes , it was on the other side of the world , but it was british territory and the british were the ones acting out these deeds . 
  as you can see , europe is very old idea , but for most of its history it has nothing , absolutely nothing to do with what you consider the criteria that distinguish europe . 
  your comment is a-historical , ignorant and close-minded . 
  it is in this thread . 
  you need to set some historically accurate and non-anachronic criteria for making such a map . 
  yeah okay , but europe was n't really a thing back then . 
  the greeks ( and macedonians ) were at the periphery of what they called civilization back then . 
  in that sense , greece was more part of the near east than europe . 
  why new sanctions ? 
  what has happened , what change has happened that merits more sanctions on top of the older ones ? 
  the idea that demirtas faces the possibility of having his freedom fully stripped from him for the rest of his life is something entirely different than embarrassing . 
  no , please no . 
  can you imagine the ungodly traffic jams when half the continent goes out on the free day ? 
  i 'm sure people in iraq and afghanistan love the us for it . 
  nonetheless , we can all learn something from / r/wholesomememes . 
  so have a nice day , and enjoy the weekend !, 
  the reason why the security council was formed with the five superpowers france , uk , china , the us and russia is so that there 's at least somewhat of a balance between them , and the idea was that no major wars would be started between the great powers , because decisions of going to war should go through the un first , and there other powers have the chance to veto it . 
  so if you kick russia out , which i 'm not sure is even possible in the short term , you not only kick them right in the balls , and they wo n't like that , but you also open the door for future un resolutions that directly go against russia . 
  russia is already wary of the west , so they 'll interpret this move as a direct threat to their country . 
  and then the door is open for them to take what they deem as necessary action . 
  sorry for insulting you , by the way . 
  it 's always so predictable to see internet experts calling for such brainless and extreme measures at any turn . 
  you have no idea how bad the idea is to kick them out of the council . 
  i was afraid of that , but i wanted to be sure first . 
  \\  british food \\  pizza, 
  what party are you talking about ? 
  most eu countries have so many distinct accents that you know in what village you are based on the accent people use . 
  yes , and that goes further than a difference between soda and pop , or you all and y' all . 
  little vanya voted for putin since he was three years old , did n't you know ?
