  kinda proved itself . 
  way ahead of you . 
  one of the mods actively scouts other subs for people to ban , so it is n't that surprising, 
  no , then it would be something like `` de fisch eats wiss a naife end foahk ! '', 
  you have been banned from / r/russia, 
  boom boom boom boom !, 
  like fuck we are, 
  hauw matsch is de fiiiiiiisch !, 
  i agree with your sentiments , i really do , but shitposting a thread that will be removed anyway is n't the way to go at it . 
  do n't get me wrong , americans are awful too . 
  they ca n't handle the pot , so they get obnoxiously stoned and then they throw up . 
  it sounds like a really fun pub everyone likes to go to . 
  `` hey mate , let 's pop down to the weak and wobbly ! '', 
  `` omg i love that pub !, 
  i study in amsterdam and yes , this is my only experience as well . 
  add in a visit to the hookers and you 've got everything . 
  i fully disagree with you . 
  you stereotype people too much for me to really take you seriously . 
  and internet freedom , the freedom to express yourself via internet , is n't a privilege . 
  internet is too important for that : i make friends through internet and i keep in touch with people through it , i search jobs through internet , i buy things , i book holidays , i do my taxes , insurance and it 's all through the internet . 
  larger companies are largely run with the help of internet as well , they ca n't exist without it anymore . 
  internet is too important , and restricting freedom on internet is against the right of freedom of expression . 
  so how are they going to achieve that without censorship , or at least serious breaches of privacy ? 
  of all the comments to duplicate 20 times , it had to be this gem, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  is there maybe a live thread somewhere ? 
  excellent, 
  we need a fanfiction . 
  there are already some * very * disturbing fics about palin , trump and putin , we need to offset it with a cute trudeau/macron story . 
  they want to make peace aggressively . 
  germany did n't seek ` leadership ' in ww1 . 
  it was just one of the many battling nations . 
  we 're prepared for at least the coming 100 years . 
  our rivers are in some places prepared for storms that occur once every 10.000 years . 
  let 's be glad there are n't situations like ww2 anymore where they 're needed . 
  it 's pretty amazing in context . 
  it 's completely the other way around compared to the 20th century , when scientists and other prominent europeans moved to america in droves . 
  hahahaha, 
  stereotyping and insulting wo n't get you anywhere, 
  the fact that trump voters are n't radicals is even more worrying . 
  i think a better question would be : why do n't you understand sarcasm ? 
  cynical remarks by juncker every step of the way, 
  please let them believe it . 
  i totally did n't have the time of my life in slovenia last summer . 
  no , i totally did n't think it was an amazing country . 
  very bad . 
  very yugoslavia , very communist . 
  it 's been very on the up lately . 
  the refugee crisis and the happenings with russia were a very deep low point , but it 's much better now . 
  holy shit that flag, 
  i hear the families of the victims are not only angry with russia , but also angry with ukraine for not doing more to close down the airspace . 
  it would have prevented the risk and thus the deaths , but countries are always hesitant to close down airspace over parts their territory , since it 's essentially admitting that you lost control over your own territory . 
  it 's a loss of face . 
  not on this area , i think.he did what he had to do : consider the results , let the sentiments die down a bit , then do what will inevitably happen anyway and accept the treaty . 
  we just suffer horribly from blauwalg . 
  and we 're densely populated , so lots of waste in waters . 
  it 's ( okay ) friend ( comrade ), 
  if you use ( make use of ) parentheses like that ( like this ) it 's pretty confusing ( unclear ) what you 're trying to say . 
  suck it like you suckle on salmiak , my friend . 
  britain is known historically for their propaganda , though . 
  from the crimean war , they 've done a lot to stir up national sympathy for war , and against their opponents ( like germans eating belgian babies , a brave british woman spying in belgium but getting `` brutally '' executed etc etc ) . 
  this guy 's opinion is very extreme in my eyes , though . 
  please do n't think that we all agree with op here . 
  agreed . 
  and i 'm glad you do n't get to decide . 
  language is more than a quirky little thing , it 's cultural heritage . 
  sayings , origins of words and manners of speaking are subtle and infinite , and they 're a result of thousands of years of communication with one another . 
  and you want to throw that all away because you have more trouble with dutch than english . 
  newsflash , friend : not everybody speaks english that well , and certainly not everybody wants to throw their mother 's tongue away . 
  i fully agree that it 's a problem and it needs to be addressed . 
  there 's a gap between the universities and the society , and a big part of it is because the languages are different . 
  it 'll always be like that because of the different discourse that high-level education will have , but now there 's also a gap between english and dutch . 
  i 'm also shocked at how little a lot of students know of the dutch language . 
  in the history faculty it 's not too bad , but go to the more exact sciences like physics and you 'll be amazed at how many mistakes people make , simply because they have n't gotten enough practice at high school , and because they do n't have to use it in an english world . 
  no no , he is * of * orange . 
  big difference . 
  and do n't insult willy like that again . 
  junker gets a lot of flak here for that , actually . 
  granted , he gets at least as much praise , but it 's not as black and white as you say it is . 
  hey , free speech is the only thing they have left . 
  even if it 's a lie , just let them have this one . 
  `` it would have been better if '' does n't sound like simply stating a fact to me . 
  i was permabanned from the subreddit for criticising the mods in another subreddit . 
  i sent them a polite message asking if it is n't a mistake , but i never got a reply . 
  their loss . 
  the mods are clear in exactly what kind of people they want in their subreddit , and they 'll reap what they sow . 
  wishing for deaths now ? 
  they talk as if total war is n't just a probability , but imminent . 
  i think they 're living in more of a fantasy world than the ones voting `` no '' on this poll . 
  remember that not all of us are out for russian blood . 
  i want peace and neutrality . 
  we show solidarity with the victims now . 
  you can keep the politics and own motivations to yourself until more is clear about . 
  how in the fuck do they think `` bear '' is derived from \u043c\u0435\u0434\u0432\u0435\u0434\u044c ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  yes , / r/thenetherlands is a verie goed gezellige subreddit . 
  / r/cirkeltrek is greet too !, 
  that sub got a lot worse in the past year , primarily because the wrong kind of turks found it . 
  also flevoland heuujj, 
  regardless of whether you 're a troll or not , you keep throwing around the fascist card .
