  anyway , it presents a take on the happenings in ukraine in a new light , and that 's interesting . 
  whether it 's factually true or not , it makes you think about it , and that 's good . 
  he 's fluent in 6 languages , which explains the good english . 
  his best quality is that he 's so damn intelligent . 
  i do n't agree with a lot of things he says , but i still admire him . 
  yeah !, 
  you show 'em , champ !, 
  and all those motivations all cumulate in a ` p ' instead of a ` p ' . 
  that 's the petty thing about it . 
  now that 's petty . 
  a very interesting read . 
  do you have any sources for this ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , i 'd just like to know some further reading . 
  thank you for the quality post !, 
  it 's things like this that make the subreddit better !, 
  to add to that list : the japanese had concentration camps in indonesia . 
  my grandpa was in one , and he refused to talk about what happened there for all his life . 
  and that 's the true answer here . 
  it is n't a race of `` who was the least humane '' . 
  both countries committed artrocious crimes , and neither invalidates the other . 
  plz do n't hate us , we just want to use your weissensee :(, 
  the 19th and 20th century were n't the best when it comes to genocide , eh . 
  meh , the dutch police is all too happy to detain protesters during events as well . 
  yeah , i totally can confirm . 
  i 'm 100 % gay with my dog . 
  my neighbor is too , and my cousin sucks cat dick . 
  they got married a few years back , the ceremony was lovely . 
  my wedding with my dog was fantastic as well , rufus even refrained from eating the wedding cake until after the ceremony , 
  yeah , i know . 
  and many byzantines referred to themselves as romans . 
  however , they spoke greek , the majority of their big cities were greek and if you read sources from the medieval period , many people called them greeks , especially in areas that used to be the western roman empire . 
  op was right that byzantium is n't greece , but i disagree that it was roman . 
  there was this one guy called lance armstrong . 
  do n't know if you 've heard of him . 
  we could definitely learn something from you lot xd, 
  oh what a beautiful tulip !, 
  did you pluck this one yourself ? 
  byzantines spoke greek and people called them greeks at the time . 
  we 'll get you next time , finland !, 
  just wait . 
  can you imagine forgetting to close the fly of your jeans , jeez, 
  bike do n't lie, 
  i would say it 's because it 's a slow news day , but sadly it is n't :(, 
  hey erm ... guys ? 
  is there a seat left somewhere ? 
  pink ? 
  it 's more maroon if anything . 
  why bicker about that when we can just join up , ditch wallonia and become great again together ? 
  of course not , and i do agree with your point . 
  the only adjustment to it should be , in my opinion , the * re * radicalisation of white men . 
  we 've had a very peaceful time in the west compared to the past period of + -1790 until 1945 . 
  but the horrors of ww2 are fading away now and with that i feel like the dam is breaking through again . 
  maybe it 's one of your irl friends giving you a subtle hint via reddit haha, 
  i think their issue is that with saying `` white men '' you somehow assume that it 's only white people who are behind these tweets . 
  same here . 
  we passed 17 million on the 21st of march this year . 
  stop licking your lips to pictures of james bond and the beatles , that should help . 
   pigeons ( duiven ) you forgot the obligatory `` roekoe ! '', 
  queen elizabeth does n't like it , so neither should all brits !, 
  on to a new glorious elizabethian epoch !, 
  victoria ai n't got shit on this . 
  i love this rivalry, 
  one tip from a fellow city builder : play cities : skylines !, 
  it 's a great game . 
  i have n't tried making these star forts yet , but with the right mods , it should absolutely be possible . 
  i 'd like some baked brexit with extra salt , please, 
  very little people here take flu medicine , it 's no problem . 
  just drink lots of water and tea , rest up , and you 'll be fine . 
  you 're vastly exaggerating . 
  remember the name !, 
  the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  be careful you do n't close your eyes for what is real . 
  germany has real social issues , and great britain is still running fine . 
  i do n't see either country imploding any time soon . 
  have breakfast . 
  take a shower . 
  probably go to work . 
  you fill in the rest . 
  no , that 's only the case with queen victoria , you 're right . 
  op did n't say that /, 
  you just generalized 743 million people . 
  i do n't give a shit about power , i just want to live a good life , that 's all . 
  hey , at least you have some dutchmen and hamburgers joining you . 
  welp , the prophet has spoken . 
  pack it up everyone , we 're done . 
  true , there 's nothing wrong with nationalism in the form of being proud of your country . 
  it 's not only the balkans . 
  there are some poles , people from the baltics and other ex-soviet countries that express nothing short of hatred against russia . 
  i 'm going to stay away from the question whether it 's justified or not , because that 's a can of worms i do n't want to open here . 
  then there 's the bias against britain from a lot of people here , a while back there was some dude here that was adamant in hating everything dutch , and of course the example of the balkans that you mentioned . 
  nationalism , prejudice and xenophobia are still there in europe and on this subreddit . 
  i love the mongolian slogan . 
  there 's a lot of power in those two words . 
  everyone knows the netherlands are the best country in the world . 
  why do n't we make octomom the president of the us then ? 
  or that woman that has 19 children . 
  the two things are completely unrelated , in my opinion . 
  ` she has lots of children ' is n't a good argument as for why someone would make a good chancellor . 
  the now teenage generation owes their english skill to pewdiepie and other let 's players . 
  thank you pewdiepie !,
