  ... which has become a tradition of its own . 
  basically , we have to go deeper . 
  and people in / r/thenetherlands were cheering the vote on because they thought she was complaining too much . 
  do n't forget the chocking noise at the end of the word . 
  swiss is basically the european version of xhosa in that regard . 
  i downvote him out of principle . 
  his posts are n't valid until they 're at the bottom of the thread . 
  are al qaida and al bundy related in some way ? 
  i like it very much . 
  i dunno , some like it . 
  / r/wholesomehistory ? 
  which is a good thing . 
  but i hope you agree that it 's important to be a bit pedantic about historical facts . 
  especially if it 's about patriotism . 
  we europeans have had a bit of a habit of using half-truths to forge national identities . 
  we kicked your tapas out of the netherlands , though . 
  no , i agree that assad is to blame here . 
  but `` entirely '' is n't the right word . 
  if it 's just assad , why did n't protests start earlier ? 
  why did they spring up just then ? 
  first of all , it was part of the regional unrest called the arab spring , so that 's a regional factor . 
  but the most interesting factor for me is the climate factor . 
  this article does well to explain the general point : https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/climate-change-hastened-the-syrian-war/ . 
  one thing that 's a continual phenomenon throughout history is that major changes never have just one cause . 
  they 're always part of a process that has multiple factors , and multiple viewpoints from historians . 
  the french revolution was n't just a protest against the aristocracy , and it was n't entirely caused by louis xvi , it was also driven by hunger caused by failed harvests . 
  the russian revolution in 1917 was n't just caused by nicholas ii , it was the result of unrest in ww1 , hunger and the result of a ( partially ) failed state . 
  i think the same can be said for syria . 
  the regional factor , the climate factor and the factor of the brutal , repressive regime , work well together to explain why the protests started in 2011 , and a few years earlier , when the regime was just as repressive . 
  the reason why the protests really spilt over into mass uprising and revolt was because the draughts and failed harvests from the years before . 
  people from rural areas moved into cities to look for a more stable source of food and water , and that created unrest in the cities . 
  the syrian civil war is in part a result of a brutal suppressive regime , but also in part the result of climate change . 
  exactly . 
  the overload of english language here is good , ** as long as it 's not at the cost of dutch . 
  ** but it is , the way it 's going now . 
  it 's even gotten as bad as that lots of people have trouble with their dutch vocabulary , because they only know the english words for it . 
  but people do n't take it seriously . 
  i get downvoted for advocating for change in this on / r/thenetherlands and people at university do n't really care too much . 
  i 'm worried about this . 
  language is * the * medium for expressing yourself . 
  it 's so , so important . 
  i wish you and other turks good luck , stay strong . 
  they basically have two seperate names . 
  the tourist boards of amsterdam and zandvoort decided this together to boost tourism . 
  the tourists will only stay in their own bubble and for them the name is amsterdam beach . 
  they can buy tourist maps of amsterdam and the surrounding area and it 'll say amsterdam beach on there . 
  but for the dutchmen themselves , it 'll just stay the same . 
  we 'll keep calling it zandvoort , the tourist will call it amsterdam beach . 
  needless to say , i hate this . 
  purposefully dumbing down everything just for more profit and more tourists is just wrong . 
  i do n't even have words for it , i think it 's abhorrent and incredibly dumb . 
  fresh targets for cultural imperialism  :d, 
  is tourism holy ? 
  are things abroad of a higher priority than culture ? 
  i 'm not saying all culture will be lost because of this decision , i mean that with that kind of thought , you 're putting your own country at a lower priority than what people from abroad think of your country . 
  think of it like france deciding to forego their efforts to remain strictly french and massively anglify their country . 
  like here in the netherlands , where almost all the shops in amsterdam have english names , and where the tourism board decided to dumb down everything for tourists , by renaming a nearby coastal town from zandvoort to `` amsterdam beach '' , renaming a nearby lake called ijsselmeer to `` big lake '' etc etc. 
  i think it 's destructive . 
  it 's obviously not the exact same situation in kazakhstan , but i 'm worried about the mass standardization of language across the world . 
   the world needs more standardization that 's debatable . 
  in terms of measurements and the scientific world it has been positive , but language is so closely connected to and so important for , well , everything . 
  because you think in a language . 
  it 's very important in every aspect of life . 
  i 'd say standardization is good , but i 'm worried that it will be at the cost of unique culture and language . 
  once it 's gone , it 's gone for good . 
  do n't be fooled by the size of spitsbergen , though . 
  this is a mercator map so it 's horribly engorged . 
  it 's the only place in europe where there are wild monkeys . 
  the past few weeks have proven that . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_macaque, 
  get ready to rename gibraltar to `` hitler did nothing wrong '' or `` gushing grannies '', 
  they rule one rock , they 've got nothing better to do . 
  about 2,3 million votes , damn , that 's a lot . 
  love it when we all get together to troll the shit out of some people . 
  america used nukes on japan , though . 
  whether that was the more humane option than a ground invasion or not is up for debate , but the country did use nukes . 
  and i 'd argue that the scorched earth tactic in vietnam is far , very far from civilized . 
  and the silly excuse of chemical weapons in iraq . 
  in that way i 'm glad that this incident became such a public matter . 
  i hope more slaughterhouse scandals are uncovered in the future , because these kinds of practices are obviously very widespread , and people need to be aware of that and think about what a meat-diet really costs . 
  this guy is either a troll or someone who is genuinely angry 24/7 . 
  either way , pathetic . 
  i 'm glad for the strict regulations on food . 
  the only time i had food poisoning was after i ate sausages that were undercooked , which was my own fault . 
  i 've never suffered from bad supermarket food , and that 's for a large part thanks to those regulations . 
  if it helps people finally become fully aware of what it takes and what it costs to maintain the lifestyle we all enjoy in the modern world , then it might not be a bad idea . 
  could be a good idea for a small-scale social experiment . 
  this is probably the best music we as a country can deliver . 
  this is as good as it gets . 
  iraq ? 
  no , it was moniek liesa by lennert van vinken . 
  it 's honestly 5 past 12 for climate change . 
  the time of letting people be and trusting them to come to senses eventually is over . 
  we 're on the course of failing the paris climate agreement , which is an absolute last-ditch , minimum-effort plan to counter climate change before it alters the earth too much for our society to sustain itself . 
  i want this society to remain as it is , and i blame the stubbornness of people who keep leading an unsustainable lifestyle , while fully knowing the consequences . 
  along with the overly conservative politicians and companies . 
  i know who to blame when peoples ' lives are torn apart due to climate change , due to the water and food shortages that result from that . 
  yay , using national stereotypes as an excuse for your behavior . 
  are you that insecure about your masculinity ? 
  we are , but only if people refuse to give up the attitude you just showed .
