  extracting and burning oil is one of the key causes of global warming . 
  if you , as a country , want to help counter this disaster , stop extracting oil , invest in alternatives . 
  is the government gon na ignore climate issues and just extract it as soon as possible ? 
  a well known and oh so true saying, 
  lmao so they shit in the face of their allies to gain trust of the russians and they 're like : '' ... no '', 
  nature and space of , well , any other country than the netherlands . 
  i 'd say the ruhrgebiet is just as bad as here . 
  village and city everywhere you look . 
  a forest ? 
  lel , it 's just a buffer zone for the highway or city !, 
  it 's depressing for someone who values being in nature , like me . 
  hey reddit i had 100 % under 1 minute first try oooohhhh reddit im so goooooodd, 
  huh , who would have thought that being ignorant is being frowned upon ? 
  ahahah , you 're not supposed to leave the cheese to rot before you eat it , dummy !, 
  what the fuck !, 
  i found that pretty strange . 
  just say it that you want to practice , and i will happily speak dutch with you !, 
  it 's so typical is n't it, 
  french are so crazy on those mountain passes . 
  just zooming around with 90 or 100 , getting angry because tourists drive slower , really annoying, 
  triggered, 
  pantheon ? 
  damn right, 
  \\  blue med \\  actually green, 
  was expecting fearmongering . 
  am pleasantly surprised !, 
  so in your opinion the lgbt groups should take it a bit slower ? 
  :( sounds horrible, 
  could you explain that ? 
  i hear that more often , that there are extremely secluded areas in brussels , much worse than anywhere in the netherlands . 
  any idea why it has become so bad over there ? 
  i like this initiative . 
  communication between poiticians and civilians is important but it happens way too little . 
  there 's a big gap between us and them , i hope we can make it a bit smaller, 
  thanks , just tagged as many people as possible there . 
  the more they are caught out on this subreddit , the better, 
  benelux  nordics confirmed, 
  stereotypes are stupid for everyone . 
  the nordics are being praised for being vikings , whichis really weird since vikings were brutes that raped and pillaged half of europe . 
  not really something to be proud of . 
  yeah , the ardennes are beautiful , true . 
  138/141 confused macedonia with montenegro and latvia with lithuania, 
  nah man , wallonia is a shithole refusing to modernize . 
  it 's not flanders ' or the netherlands ' fault, 
  i think it 's / r/slovakiaball, 
   more down to earth and practical rather than idealist that 's not something i associate with americans at all . 
  not with the american dream , where everybody wants to become rich , have large homes and cars and barbecues and such . 
  that 's not down to earth at all . 
  really ? 
  i absolutely hate flashmobs . 
  do n't know what it is about it though . 
  this one was n't as bad , but i ca n't stand those videos where you have a trainstation filled with people dancing for example, 
  uhh , there 's no mentioning of western media bullshitting . 
  you 're overreacting, 
  no , i meant southern europe . 
  the further north you go , the more antidepressants you see . 
  people in southern europe may have a lot more poverty than we do up here , but they have great weather at least, 
  yeah , the joke is old now . 
  we 've heard it 100000000 times already, 
  but it 's a pretty weird point to make , because it is in no way realistic . 
  i 'm talking about geo-politics here , and the value of having donetsk and crimea under ukrainian control is n't high enough to go to war over it . 
  i understand the struggle of the people there , and watching videos of the war makes me sick . 
  but it 's better to keep the fighting at a small scale , i do n't want us to put millions of lives on the line for that conflict . 
  they need to go through almost all of europe before that so by then ww3 would have already started . 
  yeah , but i hardly see them . 
  not nearly as much as `` it 's not holland '', 
  it 's like they do n't understand how complicated geo-politics are . 
  actions have concequences and in this case there are always 750 million people experiencing them . 
  i 'm glad our leaders did n't go the agressive path , i do n't want us to go to war over eastern ukraine, 
  excellent, 
  but that does n't make it less annoying though , it 's not like being right suddenly gives you a free pass to say everything, 
  but it 's even more annoying seeing people in every thread complaining about it, 
  gladly, 
  haha , being strunk is so funny . 
  the only thing you do is just sit down and laugh your ass off . 
  just do it man , just for this day, 
  he did n't show his drawers ... 
  fuck them , it 's so annoying, 
  wtf, 
  oh , i thought it was just the devil, 
  that last painting is impressive !, 
  it 's probably just a rumor . 
  i do n't think it 's really that special . 
  if it 's really that important , you 'll notice when you open up reddit or any other big site . 
  why are so many people making a contest out of it ? 
  you look like an ass if you 're like `` ooh ohh i know more languages than you '' `` well i can maybe speak \\* insert closely related language * so i actually speak more than you '' `` well * i * can speak latin ! '', 
  ( when he can actually only read some simple texts with a dictionary to help him ) . 
  seriously , you guys look ridiculous, 
  ok , in that case flemish is still a dialect . 
  i can speak french very well , i just ca n't write it . 
  grammar is really hard as well . 
  i had 6 years of it as well , but the last 1-2 years was solely preparing for that exam which is n't learning french as much as it it learning to skim through news articles as fast as possible ( noticing important sentences , words , and other stuff to make sure you understand the article without fully reading it ) . 
  that felt really dumb to me , because it does n't teach you the language , it teaches you to make a very specific exam and now i know how to make a french exam , but i ca n't write an e-mail to a french person or company . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  i admire him, 
  hahaha where is kampeersnol ? 
  hehe lol, 
  try to ignore the downvotes . 
  people rarely upvote things they do n't agree with , they 'd rather just try to bury the opposing opinion . 
  you 'll only get angry worrying about downvotes,
