  especially the guardian focuses a lot on putin , here in the netherlands loads of news outlets do so too . 
  it 's simply the age old matter of `` the truth lies in the middle . '', 
  is putin innocent ? 
  is the title to this thread neutral ? 
  are the many news outlets reporting about how putin is inprlicated in all this neutral ? 
  is panama papers therefore a false western propaganda media campaign ? 
  fuck no . 
  everyone has an agenda . 
  panama papers is being used for that . 
  although `` slap '' fits the context better, 
  imagine the members of parliament , saluting the flag , hands on their hearts , wearing pirate hats and singing at the top of their voices : `` yar har fiddle-dee dee '', 
  what a story that would be, 
  no way !, 
  i thought they were just made up for those american cartoons !, 
  hey , guys , i went outside last night , and you 'll never believe what i saw : * a star !, 
  oh , quit your whining . 
  i live in almere . 
  you think you got it rough ? 
  i 've seen shit that would break even the toughest man . 
  i 've had to fend off drug addicts , corrupt police , and deadly gangs that were hired by the mafia . 
  and that was only when i went to get some milk . 
  did i say they were ? 
  nevertheless , i do n't want to be in a neighborhood with drug addicts . 
  it 's not something i do for fun when i 'm on a holiday . 
  besides , there are people among addicts that have nothing to lose . 
  and that in combination with drugs is quite dangerous . 
  france is the absolute worst with toilet paper . 
  i 've not seen a single sheet of paper in the wild in norway , not too much in the netherlands , and germany was pretty clean as well . 
  do n't ask me why that is , i have no idea . 
  but it 's still pretty disgusting , seeing toilet paper with poop marks still on it , slowly wasting away in an alcove . 
  jealous ? 
  i think the general opinion on russia in western europe is that it 's dangerous . 
  an exaggerated image : do n't go out on your own , especially not at night , do n't go into the wrong neighborhoods , heroin and krokodil addicts everywhere , always hide extra money in your hotel chamber because of corrupt law enforcement etc. 
  it does n't help that an opposition leader was assassinated right near one of the touristy places in moscow , i guess . 
  there 's a direct correlation between the amount of french tourists in an area and the amount of used toilet paper found in nature . 
  who says they did n't ? 
  i would n't . 
  think of all the venomous shit down there , both in those bushes and in the sea . 
  you try to find it , you go search for it . 
  it 's a poor alternative to the endless woods of the nordics and russia , but i 'll manage . 
  but there 's still always that desire to move to a less populated place with plenty of woods and beautiful nature . 
  sea trade with scandinavia , the baltic states and russia . 
  we gave them goods from all over europe and in return those countries gave us lumber and grain . 
  especially norway gave us a lot of wood for our ships . 
  you can almost convince yourself you 're actually in a nature park there !, 
  until you get to the top of a hill and you can see power lines , highways , farms , villages and cities as far as the eye can see . 
  it 's all sort of ` islands ' of nature here . 
  surrounded on all sides by heavily cultivated landscape , and very isolated from other nature parks . 
  and in the woods from fairy tales . 
  `` lang , lang geleden , in een diep , donker woud , leefde een boosaardige heks ... '' `` woud '' sounds really mysterious , old and a bit scary to me . 
  `` bos '' sounds more like a collection of trees . 
  edit : many dutch place names have `` wold '' in them , and that 's old dutch for `` forest '' . 
  very close to `` woud '' too . 
  its literal translation of wold would be `` extensive , unexplored forest '' . 
  alright . 
  but since lebensraum is such a misunderstood term , i did n't really know . 
  glad you do !, 
  you 're not wrong about that , haha !, 
  but indeed , just a misunderstanding . 
  good day !, 
  lebensraum did n't just mean living space . 
  part of it was also about strengthening the food supply for germans . 
  there was famine during ww1 , and lots of people suffered from hunger during the great depression . 
  by simply conquering more land in europe , along with its many farms , there would be no more famine ( in theory ) . 
  that 's true . 
  but i did n't say it was . 
  i mentioned the good parts of flevoland . 
  yes , it 's all concentrated in the south ( maybe walibi is a bit further north ) . 
  but still , it 's there , and it 's in flevoland . 
  well , okay , in some definitions they are probably towns , but the difference between a village and a city is n't clear at all in the netherlands . 
  according to the law , we have municipalities , but no cities in the netherlands . 
  i counted urk , dronten and zeewolde too when thinking of cities in flevoland , but they can both be cities or villages , depending on how you look at it . 
  i do n't sea that being a problem . 
  it was already there . 
  you have to imagine , the zuiderzee had been land , and then sea , and then land again before part of it became flevoland today . 
  it was a very shallow sea . 
  the soil was already there . 
  in fact , in a forest near me , there is an ancient brook that was there before it was sea . 
  the riverbed remained there for thousands of years under the sea , and now it 's a brook again . 
  there are more than 2 cities . 
  and i live in one of them , and it 's not shit at all . 
  it 's not perfect , no , but i 'm happy to live here . 
  it is n't that bad at all . 
  i live close to amsterdam and utrecht , the oostvaardersplassen are within biking distance ( great place to slow down , spend a slow afternoon in the summers ) and where i live it 's a big enough city so it is n't that boring . 
  some islands here and there , purely for recreation , but no big projects anymore . 
  there was an enormous lack of free land in the 20th century , with a growing population , growing demand for agriculture , and growing wealth , creating the need for bigger houses and suburbs with less density . 
  so they created flevoland . 
  now , the population is stagnating and there is n't an explosion of new suburbs anymore . 
  we just do n't need another flevoland anymore . 
  it just simply washed away with the rain in the first few years after its creation , leaving behind a calcium-rich soil ( dead sea animals ) that 's hard to work , but very fertile . 
  that 's why there 's so many farms there . 
  farms . 
  farms everywhere . 
  [ here 's an areal shot of rural flevoland ] ( http://www.jageruitvaartzorg.nl/images/2012/10/0abb595f-d44f-4891-9346-89c83939bcf3.jpg ) . 
  the green surrounding lands have much more cattlefields , whereas flevoland is all about growing plants , so you 've got [ this ] ( http://www.zonnepanelenophetdak.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/akkerbouw-zonnepanelen.jpg ) compared to [ this ] ( http://veeteelt.nl/sites/default/files/styles/gallery_fullsize/public/weiden_12.jpg?itok=pwnxhw_n ) . 
  the green areas in south-flevoland are forests and other nature areas , like the [ oostvaardersplassen ] ( http://www.uitidee.nl/media/615428/oostvaardersplassen-uitidee-5.jpg ) or other ( very , very young ) forests . 
  many people in the netherlands think flevoland is a complete shithole , and while they 're not entirely wrong ( the northern island is just beyond dead ) , there 's still plenty of breathtaking areas , and there 's wild horses and oxen !, 
  yeah , imagine living there !, 
  yeah , belgians can party too if they want to . 
  coke , stocks and two smoking cellphones,
