  the matter of distance is n't that extreme , actually . 
  st. petersburg is 1,300 kms away from berlin , paris is about 830 kms away . 
  do n't watch football factory , watch green street hooligans , it 's better and more authentic . 
  judging intensifies, 
  it 's a firmly eastern european country . 
  i know vladimir of kiev refused to have his country take up judanism or catholic christianity because of its restrictions on meat and alcohol . 
  he took up orthodox christianity instead and feasted like no tomorrow . 
  i see ukraine as a sort of entryway into central europe for the nomadic people from central-asia . 
  other than that , it used to be part of the polish-lithuanian commonswealth , the south used to be ottoman , odessa is named after a nearby greek colony , and it all used to be russian until recent history . 
  it 's a ukraine thread in / r/europe . 
  did you expect anything else ? 
  also , to keep this on-topic : one of the things i know about ukraine is the great borscht debate . 
  is it ukrainian ? 
  is it russian ? 
  is it a universal slavic invention ? 
  they 're not as popular as they are in czechia , but everyone knows them nonetheless !, 
  my little niece absolutely loves them . 
  do n't trust him , he 's a phony, 
  look at young erdogan there . 
  damn i can see why . 
  edited it , and do n't forget that the message still stands nonetheless < 3, 
  in general , you can blame everything on the brits in amsterdam . 
  vomit on the walkway ? 
  brits . 
  bikes in the canals ? 
  brits . 
  people in the canals ? 
  brits . 
  the prostitution district packed with gangs of hooded lads ? 
  brits . 
  the whole city being consumed by the tourism industry without regard for the amsterdammers themselves ? 
  brits . 
  always the brits . 
  maybe lube the chain a bit, 
  a je to , friend < 3, 
  gladly , friend !, 
  \u041c\u043d\u0435 \u043e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0436\u0430\u043b\u044c :( i wish you all much strength in these horrible times . 
  stay safe !, 
  is geen landensub . 
  in plastic bekers . 
  also china and tibet , the kashmir region , japan and china and their fights over the numerous islands , russia and claims over the arctic , uk and their claims in the mediterranean , spain and not giving up ceuta etc etc. 
  but the world system is so connected that when one country makes a move it immediately causes a chain reaction throughout the world . 
  peace is the more desirable option than annexation because the cost of annexing a piece of land is probably widespread sanctions in the very least . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  the amount of fake food on the market today is ridiculous . 
  and the reason that food is so focused on is because it 's * food * for god 's sake . 
  of course food is the most important aspect of human life ( other than water ) . 
  and i do n't see op advocating for full communism . 
  i see it more as reasonably pointing out a flaw and then providing an alternative solution . 
  no reason to immediately jump to the full communism part . 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted . 
  you 're contributing to the discussion . 
  and i do agree with you . 
  a system that mainly strives toward profit will have this result . 
  fake food , product chains that are terribly destructive for the environment and the company that produces the products does n't really care about it since profit is the top priority . 
  the state , however , should , and ( often ) does care about public health . 
  of course , a state-run system is slow , impractical and it 's sensitive to power-hungry people , but no system is without downsides . 
  it 's a matter of finding balance and i feel like there 's much room for improvement here . 
  it 's the potato in our throat . 
  that v got morphed into a w because of that . 
  the only thing saving it is the fact that there are plenty of non-political posts as well . 
  i like the pictures and the talk about culture , but i avoid the toxic political posts like the plague . 
  it 's the narrative . 
  when i ask others about russia here , a lot of them think of ukraine , putin the dictator , hateful anti-gay , anti-europe people . 
  not all , not by a long shot , but it 's still a prevalent opinion . 
  so articles like this one get shared because it feeds that feeling . 
  the same with turkey . 
  we see a bunch of dudes cutting oranges menacingly and assume that the majority of turks share that opinion . 
  i mean , there are way too many people who are just as moronic and hateful , but still the referendum is losing in the polls . 
  yep , my bad . 
  thanks for correcting it . 
  you know , the `` hello russian shill '' standard response to half the comments here on reddit is just as annoying as the russian shills themselves . 
  but it 's well-known that juncker drinks a lot . 
  one woman said that during a fancy dinner he was so drunk he threw ice cubes at all the other occupants at the table . 
  then there 's [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fasn9oygdw ), 
  ~ ~ the junkers are an old noble family from prussia . 
  owned a lot of land , were important in the empire . 
  when prussia 's power in the german areas increased , so did the power of the junkers . 
  the most notable junker was otto von bismarck , so that should tell you enough . 
  they had a lot of influence during the time of the empire and later in the weimar republic . ~ ~ ~ ~ old , respected name . 
  though they 've lost virtually everything during and after ww2 . 
  they repeatedly tried to get their old lands back but it was refused by german courts every time . ~ ~ edit : woops , disregard . 
  i 'm worried about the reaction if the results will be rigged in favor of erdogan . 
  the only result will be increased violence . 
  / r/thenetherlands . 
  it 's the biggest ( seriously , suck it / r/suomi ) , the best . 
  it 's huge . 
  in cyrillic that 's toe , vave , vat and tne, 
  yeah , like that norwegian journalist who was dragged across the street out of nowhere . 
  and not even in some backward village , no . 
  right in the middle of istanbul . 
  it 's genuinely scary . 
  replace the helicopter with [ a satay stick with a dutch flag on top ] ( http://www.poppendroom.nl/winkel/images/papierennederlandsvlaggetje.jpg ) and we can talk . 
  ey marreh , proost h\u00c8 !, 
  yeah , that 's so true . 
  i wonder how long it is before we have to wear a little wheel of cheese logo on our chest to show that we 're dutch . 
  but still , the solidarity of other countries in this matter is heartwarming . 
  thank you . 
  that donation is only there to help you feel less guilty . 
  the positive effect of it is nothing compared to the amount of kerosine pumped into the atmosphere .
