  i do n't think you know what that word means . 
  have you even read that post ? 
  of course op is going to be bothered by it !, 
  are they ? 
  huh , thank you for correcting me . 
  i thought team erdogan and team pkk were the only nutters . 
  i think that guy who made a detailed plan to spread propaganda is a lot more at fault than a guy simply going into / r/turkey and alerting others . 
  bring it to the admins , they are on top of this shit ... 
  i think ... 
  i hope . 
  anyway , inform as many as possible . 
  do n't give ~ ~ the erdogan ~ ~ these nutters any foot on the ground . 
  cause if they do get that , only more of them will come here . 
  it 'll be like t_d 2.0 only more malicious . 
  i think it 's just a coincidence . 
  loads of national anthems mention other countries . 
  nato was formed as a bond against russia . 
  it 's turned into some form of peacekeeper between member states and global police to the rest of the world . 
  but how can you work together as partners if the other party violates your borders , deliberately creates unrest or attacks your citizens ? 
  it 's not really a matter of ethics , it 's a matter of turkey being too unstable and hostile to be considered a partner . 
  exactly . 
  it is not the task of the government to interfere that much with the personal sphere . 
  they have no business there . 
  i 'm not angry with you . 
  i 'm just very , very disappointed ^ ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  do n't be fooled though . 
  new york pizza is much better . 
  of all the times to forget your phone ... 
  yes , but that makes it all the more powerful . 
  the honed and ancient instincts of riding a bike the moment you see one , yet this boy ignores them to honor the fallen . 
  it 's amazing . 
  yes , how dare he insult the glorious nation of england . 
  only positive talk here !, 
  it 's more meant to be ironic . 
  it plays into the stigma against gays . 
  `` none among my friends '' = `` what ? 
  gay friends ? 
  noooo absolutely not hehehe '' and then it uses that stigma to simultaneously insult putin supporters, 
  we 've also learnt the hard way . 
  how will you conquer them ? 
  with your measly 5,6 million inhabitants ? 
  that one is just as creepy, 
  the nazi 's did n't abandon their plan of total annihilation of the baltics because they liked them so much . 
  it was just not a priority and the tide of the war was turning . 
  there is nothing to be defended about generalplan ost , and to say that soviets were equal to nazis is disgusting falsifying of history . 
  because the alternative was a nazi regime , which would have led to total annihilation of slavs , jews , roma and other groups . 
  they are calvinists , not catholics . 
  the netherlands is predominantly calvinist . 
  half the fun of / r/europe is triggering delusional , annoying nationalists . 
  so thanks !, 
  because i wanted to . 
  i make distinctions between sites that deserve revenue and sites that do n't . 
  reddit has non-intrusive ads and it 's a great site , so i 'll leave adblocker off . 
  same for some of my favourite youtube channels . 
  but sites like telegraaf.nl can go fuck themselves with their whiny pop-ups demanding to turn off adblock . 
  sorry , but the latin version has nothing on the original german one . 
  von schiller was such an amazing artist . 
  now i want a dating show where you get to see each other 's ad recommendations . 
  i can already see the awkwardness . 
  him : `` so erm . 
  ryan goseling ? 
  shirtless ? '', 
  her : `` so erm . 
  on a bodypillow ? '', 
  believe me , western and northern european countries suffered immensely from the nazi 's . 
  ww2 is a huge , huge factor in our country 's culture and society . 
  either that or they collectively ate at the wrong burrito restaurant . 
  yah , imagine having to play pokemon go for a living . 
  but seriously , all this negative news from russia makes me sad . 
  this here is unnecessary and so contrasting to the general mindset of this era . 
  as a dutchman : fuck your perkele as a nightwish fan : fuck yes it is, 
  op also purposefully dodged germany and russia , but that 's just how these maps are made : nitpicking . 
  and now finland steals the last honor we have left . 
  this world does n't deserve us . 
  there a two stages in my life : times in france where i can eat genuine delicious fresh bread , and times not in france , where i 'm waiting for the next time to go back and eat pain again . 
  i know it 's the clich\u00e9 stereotype : dutchman goes camping in southern france , but still . 
  at least i do n't have a caravan . 
  anyway , i love france . 
  those proven\u00e7al villages are one of a kind , and once you get to know some people there you 'll have a wonderful time . 
  artisanry there is as authentic as it can be ( once you learn to dodge the 100s of `` bois d'olive '' shops ) . 
  the language is easy for the basics , but deathly difficult if you want to get further into it and learn it on academic level . 
  sentence order is everything but logical . 
  the history is really interesting on every level . 
  political intrigues with civil wars , absolutist monarchs with limitless ambition , the revolution of revolutions and intense rivalries with neighboring countries . 
  on another note : has a frenchman here read `` the discovery of france '' by graham robb ? 
  i got it as a present and i 'm putting off reading it for some reason , but it sounds really interesting . 
  low countries masterrace , obviously, 
  yes , but history did n't start in the 20th century . 
  like lots of others said : the low countries have ha a long history of urbanisation , intensive trade and economic prosperity . 
  nothing 's stopping you . 
  what bothers me about this discussion is that some people here cross a line between stating their opinion and showing racist hate : russian flair = he should be hated because they were `` pieces of shit throughout history '' . 
  that 's racism based on nationality , and it goes beyond a simple opinion . 
  also the falsification of history ( on all sides , definitely not just the russian side ) is shameful . 
  yes , the russians who troll , who wave ussr glorification in the faces of other eastern europe and who willfully ignore warcrimes , yes , they should be told off . 
  but what i see here is russians who are asking to respect the sacrifices of their forefathers receiving hateful messages regardless . 
  and that makes me sick in the stomach . 
  but is honoring those sacrifices the same as staying silent about the crimes and horrors of the war and the aftermath ? 
  we in the netherlands honor the dead one day , and celebrate freedom the next . 
  one does n't exclude the other , and there 's a time and place for everything . 
  i think the reasonable people in this thread , yes , among them russians , wholeheartedly agree with you .
