just fuck off, 
  wow , thats amazing !, 
  as strange it may seem a better wording i ai n't got for this depressing scene am i a poet ? 
  i am not, 
  it makes me sick the israeli government is being such a dick . 
  i 'm glad that this likely wo n't happen . 
  i have family in germany and i visit them pretty often . 
  i do n't want to pay extra for those trips just because i 'm dutch and not german . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  you know it son, 
  build a wall around it . 
  what about greenland ? 
  that 's part of denmark . 
  edit : somebody already asked it , and it 's not counted as an integral part of the eu, 
  where do you even get that idea from ? 
  the rhetoric of `` other people have it worse so stop whining '' is very wrong . 
  just because other people have it worse does n't mean their lives are n't shit . 
  so i 'd guess the roma we see in ops pictures belong to the stateless group , but the roma that live in bigger cities not ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  let 's hope that campaign works . 
  one question though : is that statelessness a result of the slavery and discrimination towards roma ? 
  i see . 
  the problem is then that now that the soviet union has fallen apart there are different beliefs on how to go on now in eastern europe and the baltics . 
  however , on the eu picking sides : if there 's a legitimate threat of russia invading eu/nato countries , the eu has no choise but to take sides against russia . 
  i have pretty much no idea what russia is going to do from here on . 
  are they going to step up and ivade ex-soviet countries or are they continuing this threatening and muscle-flexing but and leave it at that ? 
  you 're very right that eu should tread very carefully and not provoke russia and pro-russians . 
  it 's a tight situation . 
  okay , i think i interpreted your first post a little too extreme . 
  i do want to ask though : are russian minorities really discriminated , or are they willingly segregating ? 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  a very shitty situation :( is there any improvement over the last years or have the recent events only led to further segregation ? 
  can anybody explain to me what it is with roma people , what their situation is ? 
  i do n't really know anything about it . 
  i found it really worrying that in the video you saw a latvian-russian guy who 's probably as old as me suggest that `` the west '' started the revolution in ukraine . 
  the propaganda is real , and it 's working and that 's really worrisome . 
  do you really believe the russian propaganda bullshit ? 
  well making fun of belgen is fun too :d, 
  yeah whatever nerd , im eating stroopwafels, 
  petition to rename new zealand to new zeeland . 
  summary : * minister of foreign affairs frans timmermans is seeking contact with saudi authorities to make things clear . 
  * he says there have been indications for these sanctions for quite some time . 
  * he fears for the dialogue about human rights between saudi-arabia and the netherlands * the reason for these sanctions is that pvv leader geert wilders organized an ` stickeraction ' a few months ago involving stickers portraying a modified saudi flag saying texts like `` islam is a lie . 
  mohammed is a book . 
  the koran is poison . 
  * wilders sees this as a `` frontal attack on our freedom of speech '' , `` we may not be silenced by a barbaric country that ca n't even spell the words human rights '' . 
  yeah i noticed it too . 
  we do joke about each other all the time but it 's all in good fun . 
  there 's no intense rivalry anymore lately, 
  historical rivals ? 
  spain , france and england . 
  lately we like shitting on belgians and germans though , maybe also americans, 
  spread the word !, 
  this could be very useful against putinbots and other brigades !, 
  datch ? 
  nethermark ? 
  denlands ? 
  yes , i think this will work quite well , what do you think ? 
  it 's cool and all that they make music , and i 'm really happy for them that they 're having fun there . 
  but this is nothing for an international competition . 
  they have trouble keeping the rhythem , especially the drummer , plus they would n't get this much attention if they did n't have down . 
  i 'll let you pass because it was funny , but it 's pretty strange replying to yourself, 
  a bit related , groot = big, 
  more content ok , but i ca n't remember any brigades from back then . 
  how often have we had a brigade in the past months ? 
  that one thread about australia 's immigration policy springs to mind , and then we have a lot of people here who are on / r/european at the same time , we also have that stormfront forum thing , where they are actively discussing brigading this subreddit . 
  no , it was n't perfect back then , but for me , it was a place to get to know other people from all over europe , learn about their cultures , their country , their life . 
  / r/europics could fill that role , if it was more active . 
  yeah !, 
  they only did in a couple of places , one of them being right next to my home !, 
  the netherlands has an even higher population density . 
  as far as i know , england is very densely populated , wales and schotland less so . 
  in the netherlands , there is a pretty complete ( but cut up by roads and cities ) ecosystem , including wild boars , lots of deer and newly ( re ) introduced species like the beaver , wild horses and wild oxes . 
  i think you 're gon na be fine !, 
  an insanely strong belief that they are right ? 
  taking something way too serious ? 
  feeling as if there is n't enough attention for said thing ? 
  i do n't know , i do hope the brigading , spamming and spreading of hate on this sub will finally stop . 
  and look at the post history of this account . 
  literally only created for this post . 
  just like the accounts of the posts you linked to . 
  someone is very desperate . 
  nice throwaway account man . 
   in sweden and spain , a woman is free to assault her boyfriend , even with weapons , and there 's nothing the police can do except arrest the man sure . 
  your ps is not helping at all . 
  i think he was joking, 
  you know it . 
  do nothing , get money , simple, 
  op , this ama is awesome . 
  thank you very much for doing this . 
  i 've seen a lot of open-minded and calm people . 
  i 'm proud of you guys . 
  wtf ? 
  they cost a ton to the state through healthcare, 
  expo in milan ? 
  especially those rich businessmen in their bmws , mercedeses and audi 's . 
  they make stupid amounts of money so they do n't care about the fine . 
  putine, 
  thank you . 
  have a nice day .
