  i guess that 's because they have nothing better to do . 
  must be very boring after a few years there . 
  england is one of the countries within great britain , which consists of england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  it 's a bit confusing at first , but luckily there are loads of very offended scots and welsh who are more than happy to teach you the difference between britain and england . 
  weed man ? 
  i do n't want to work :(, 
  nah , then at least we could ice skate and maybe get the elfstedentocht going again . 
  i really miss skating on natural ice :(, 
  haha , that 's awesome !, 
  but ... why ? 
  okay , so war is your destiny . 
  should we be afraid ? 
  dutch trade routes in the baltic sea have been pretty influential in culture exchange . 
  i definitely agree . 
  warm clothes are the best . 
  yeah , here they do that too . 
  and you can buy windproof clothes , but fashion is often more important than warmth . 
  our weather reporters have started using that term a couple of years ago . 
  i 'm glad they did , because with the wind here , it often feels much colder than it actually is . 
  yeah , but do n't forget the banda islands . 
  the voc wanted to impose a very strict monopoly on the island that would seriously fuck over the natives , because those islands were the only place where nutmeg would grow . 
  naturally , they did n't agree to this agreement , so the voc came in , killed everyone and imported some slaves to work the now dutch plantations . 
  ethnic cleansing at its finest . 
  the dutch were n't that imperialistic compared to england and france , but we did our share of fucked up stuff . 
  i think they would have had more votes , were it not for the whole immigration situation . 
  it 's a very , very large topic on this subreddit after all , and sweden is generally seen as the worst off in terms of refugees and immigrants . 
  prepare yourself , enraged dutch incoming . 
  not the guy you were talking to , but everyone 's got an opinion here . 
  you hear and see it everywhere , and every time someone says `` refugee '' you open the floodgates and all the opinions come flooding out of everybody . 
  it gets tiresome . 
  problem is , this situation involves over 700 million people and more than 50 countries . 
  it 's insanely complex , and you ca n't summarize it in a reddit comment , or a news article , or some cool one-liners in a political speech . 
  best thing is to keep yourself informed , but live your life like you would anyway . 
  i had to type that out a lot before i knew what you were talking about haha !, 
  it 's `` goedemorgen '' . 
  the google translate voice does a good job saying it . 
  you need that throaty g to say it properly . 
  hahaha , perfect !, 
  alstu . 
  did you know that we use `` bakkie '' almost exclusively when referring to coffee ? 
  or do you actually want irish coffee ? 
  nice saying . 
  i like it . 
  i 'm amazed at how different hungarian is from the other european languages . 
  i know it has a very different origin , but it 's still really cool that it 's so unique . 
  i 've just learnt from google translate that k\u00e1r is damage , k\u00e1r\u00f6 is wristwatch , k\u00e1r\u00f6r is watches and \u00f6r\u00f6m is joy . 
  and k\u00e1r\u00f6r\u00f6m is schadenfreude . 
  is this correct ? 
  i know , man . 
  i know . 
  i 've got some whisky here . 
  want some ? 
  at least use the dutch word . 
  please :( : leedvermaak, 
  do you want us to have a stroke ? 
  that 's true . 
  good point . 
  you know ? 
  i really like that . 
  same with the iceland one . 
  i think it 's really appropriate for a relatively small island . 
  really cool . 
  that 's schotelparadij ** z ** en for you, 
  dammit !, 
  what 's your definition of a continent , then ? 
  a continuous area of land ? 
  why is n't eurasia a continent , then ? 
  or eurasiafrica ? 
  you do learn in school that europe is a full-fledged continent with borders along the ural , caspian sea , caucasus , black sea , the bosphorous and the mediterranean , but that line is kind of arbitrary . 
  it 's based on culture , but there is n't really a line you can draw where european culture ( whatever that may be ) ends and where for example steppe cultures begin . 
  so the argument `` turkey is n't in europe , so it ca n't join eu '' is really not that good . 
  please at least post an english translation alongside . 
  well , apart from the carpathian , there is n't really a high altitude there . 
  and new york is bordering the sea , yet it has a continental climate . 
  the reason for that is the main wind direction . 
  in most of europe the main wind direction is eastward . 
  so the west has an oceanic climate , but the further east you go , the less effect the sea has on the climate , making summers warmer and winters colder . 
  in new york , the main wind direction is westward as well , so the wind comes from the continent instead of the sea = continental climate . 
  or the lack of it , to be more precise . 
  europe is pretty far up north , and the only reason the whole continent is n't a snowy , cold shithole like northern canada is the gulfstream warming up the atlantic and therefore the air and the wind . 
  but i really do miss a good snowy christmas/winter here . 
  5c , wind and rain is anything but fun . 
  now , is it really that bad here , or are we the only ones answering this poll honestly ? 
  to each their own, 
  syria is/was a pretty modern country before all went to shit . 
  they made a lot of money off of oil . 
  every government likes oil . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  for one , is does n't exist in some isolated place without innocent people surrounding them . 
  then you 've also got to make a distinction between genuinely evil people and people who got pulled into this mess and would rather have a quiet life instead of , you know , killing and rampaging . 
  then you 've got the political mess that brings nuking people and the tensions that will arise because of it . 
  on top of that , why would you even * want * to nuke people ? 
  yes , i think uniting the netherlands and flanders will work out fine . 
  we 're always so nice to each other !, 
  yeah , i 've noticed . 
  i have n't visited this place for a long time because i thought it was getting more and more hostile and less about exchanging culture and cool stories . 
  i came checking because of the paris attacks , and i 'm honestly disgusted . 
  what a complete trainwreck of a subreddit this has become . 
  can i also do drugs when i 'm stressed ? 
  i 'm astonished at the amount of hate , cheering for war and xenophobia there is in this sub .
