  so not the europeans , but the eu in itself . 
  most cows live in the central part or up north , so there 's a good chance the cow had to travel a lot . 
  the tag is amazing, 
  * door to office bursts open , may struts in `` angela , daaaahhhhlin ' how are you ? 
  where are they ? 
  where are they ? '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` the trade agreements !, 
  i have no time for games , where are the little brutes ? '', 
  they are , but their bankers are not . 
  they got really angry at the netherlands a few weeks back because of a reseach into illegal swiss savings . 
  i think you need to put on your lingerie and sprinkle yourself in rose leafs . 
  if that does n't work , i do n't know what will . 
  there have been some brigades in the past few months of erdotrolls here . 
  they were quite vicious to other turks here . 
  trust me , russians know their memes . 
  you just do n't see them because they 're all with cyrillic letters . 
  never , it 's a myth . 
  a better example would be religion . 
  in europe 's case , christianity is one of the greatest factors influencing history : from societal structure to land ownership to wars . 
  all because all the dogma , the theories and the conceptions ( which continually changed the past 2 millennia ) were accepted as common sense . 
  bear in mind , i 'm not bashing religion and i 'm not saying religious folk are stupid . 
  i 'm saying that religious dogma had an incredibly profound effect on history . 
  france 's flag is n't as old as the dutch one . 
  yeah , same thing here . 
  although this particular incident happened a long time ago , and i do n't know the specifics anymore . 
  he was also mop at the same time , and he tried to combine it . 
  which would mean that he 'd be mop in the netherlands , leader of his party and mop in brussels , all at the same time . 
  i ca n't remember the name of that suit style , but it 's meant to look like that , it 's part of the fit . 
  scheer je weg , republikeins addergebroed !, 
  it 's impressive how condescending you can sound with just those two words . 
  like it 's been said already : the scenario is too hypothetical . 
  you just ca n't know what would have happened . 
  also a technicality : germany technically did n't lose . 
  they were running out of reserves and asked for an armistice . 
  [ willy in zijn rebellie ] ( http://esqnl.h-cdn.co/assets/16/01/768x575/1451877714-r.jpg ), 
  how much does the monarchy cost a year ? 
  couple million ? 
  there are trillions of dollars flowing through the dutch economy , the cost of a monarcy is nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  yes , we need to crush the saboteurs . 
  the blood of the republicans will flow on this glorious day !, 
  the nordic and russia got their name for the fruit from us . 
  it 's a circlejerk most of the time . 
  / r/cirkeltrek is all in good fun , and today is more about dressing in orange and getting drunk than celebrating willy . 
  it 's a bit of both of course , and i can see why outsiders see it as an obsession , but it really is n't . 
  monarchy-five !, 
  long live the king !, 
  that 's an ideal , but it will never fully become reality . 
  obviously you 're not going to get favourable reactions if you paint the other side as brainwashed . 
  / r/cirkeltrek is filled with willybots who shamelessly spread propaganda about his majesty . 
  sad, 
  i personally like him because he 's very smart , yet at the same time he comes across as clumsy and awkward . 
  it 's hilarious at times . 
  but seriously , he also comes across as a caring , sensible person , and that 's always nice . 
  sweets and sprite for wife , cigarettes for kids and tampons for himself ? 
  aw thanks !, 
  then we 're entirely on the same page :d, 
  actually that sounds lovely . 
  we need to stand with the turks , who are just as much a victim of erdogan . 
  you know what i notice ? 
  most of the time a controversial subject is discussed on / r/thenetherlands or / r/europe , and the thread does n't gain that much attention , the discussion is fairly civil . 
  but every time a thread gets higher up and gains traction , you have little shits like you using horrible events like this for your own gains . 
  without exception , your type of comment is everywhere . 
  political deflection , painting elusive `` leftists '' like they 're genocidal supervillains like politics is always a black vs white good vs bad hollywood show . 
  why do you come here on this thread ? 
  do you get satisfaction out of angry reactions ? 
  or do you actually believe that brainless crap you 're spewing ? 
  they will drown us in pee as well . 
  and they 're inside our polders !, 
  ww1 is a very good example . 
  after the war began , and hundreds of thousands , millions of soldiers already died , with all the horrors that came with it , countries like bulgaria , italy and romania still joined in on the war , all with glorious hopes of conquering vast territories . 
  people are delusional about war until they experience the horrifying truth themselves . 
  lolol always the french giving up lolol . 
  why is n't your flag completely white lolol , america saved your cowardly asses lolol this is the general belief on the internet about the french . 
  i ca n't imagine how frustrating it must be to read that in half the threads about france . 
  alright , thank you !, 
  were n't there loads of air raids against civilians in ww1 ? 
  what are you talking about , vvd regularly gets in the news for some controversy , remember the teeven deal ? 
  especially rtl has a big revelation from time to time . 
  at least 3 weeds , bruh . 
  you can not into nordic btw . 
  birthplace of a lot of great people . 
  mozart , freud , strauss , schubert , porsche , and of course falco . 
  it used to be the most powerful state on mainland europe in the first half of the 19th century , and the congress of vienna was symbol of that . 
  then you also have conrad von h\u00f6tzendorf and other people who chased millions of people into pointless deaths . 
  and of course hitler , but that 's mentioned enough in this thread already . 
  no , i agree with you . 
  but nationalities , stereotypes and nations are 80 % of what we talk about here on / r/europe , that 's why i said it . 
  it 's way too easy and fun to talk to each other based on our flairs . 
  it 's a real royal rumble down under :d, 
  but then what would we talk about on this subreddit ? 
  give us a break , please , we 're too busy trying to hack the british parliament as well !, 
  why ? 
  taliban gets all their weapons from pakistan , do n't they ? 
  courtesy of the us of course , who supported the brave mujahideen in the noble fight against communism . 
  the username says enough already : /, 
  i think * that * sort of turks found reddit over the past months . 
  i mean , originally it was a reform movement to make the ottoman empire more western and modern . 
  only after the first movement lots of political movements in the ottoman empire ( and later turkey ) called their movement after tyt . 
  maybe she thought the polls were too close to call , and she wanted to get into the second round first ?
