  if more people travelled locally , it would help a lot in combating climate change and ocean acidification . 
  how about no, 
  on a tuesday night, 
  dutch here . 
  swiss german is weird even to my ears . 
  i watch der bestatter and it sounds so abnormal . 
  how can people speak like that with a straight face ? 
  duuuuuude , why ? 
  you do more harm than good !, 
  using soap too much is bad for your hands though, 
  that one fucking point, 
  man , atat\u00fcrk really was eloquent , was n't he ? 
  beautifully put . 
  ... said by the man who said he 'd rather see 90 % of all russians die and 10 % of all communists live . 
  i have to say , the size of the protests is very disproportionate to the amount of attention it 's receiving here on reddit . 
  on / r/russia they 're talking about foreign influence stirring up people , but i think they 're just as wrong as the ( small number of ) people claiming a revolution here . 
  i think it 's more like the goal of this protest fits very well with the narrative of russia we read here : the evil and corrupt government oppressing a helpless people . 
  of course , there 's a lot of truth in that vision , but that view is also filled with exaggerations , like this protest for example . 
  between 5000-10 .000 people protest in moscow , a city with almost 12 million inhabitants , that 's not really big news is it ? 
  this disparity between views on / r/europe and on / r/russia pretty neatly shows the distrust between each other , i think . 
  at least within the young , educated bubble that is reddit . 
  yeah , same . 
  vvd was way , way larger than anyone expected . 
  you ok ? 
  do n't forget the music and the poetry !, 
  thank you , douro valley , for giving us all that delicious port !, 
  this is not a laughing matter, 
  nope, 
  eh , not to worry . 
  we had our share of crazies as well . 
  a ( pretty much ) neo-nazi who has a lavende de provence fetish , geert , three erdogan loving turks , a guy with populism for seniors who is too dumb to call the retirement fund by its correct abbreviation , and a former fetish model who now leads the pirateparty . 
  exotics are everywhere . 
  thank you very much for this post !, 
  it 's an excellent text to get started in understanding the french political situation . 
  that jean lassalle is an interesting figure . 
  he 's also apparently a fanatic rugby player , so all in all he really has the image a hardened rural man . 
  from the people i know in little villages in the provance , it would n't surprise me if a few of them are considering voting for him , to give a clear signal to paris . 
  but i could be entirely wrong about that , as an outsider . 
  one thing i do notice is how idealistic the plans seem . 
  here in the netherlands you saw that idealism receives mixed reactions : positive ones from the supporters , and negative ones from all the other people who do n't take it seriously and see it as unrealistic . 
  but sweeping statements like `` i am not right and not left '' , vowing to get rid of the political elite , plans for massively increasing minimum wage , that sort of things looks very idealist to me , and maybe therefore distinctively french . 
  he even travelled with the prussians into the first coalition war , near verdun . 
  yes , forcing the natives onto the most useless , driest regions available while taking all the rest of the land for themselves was humane . 
  / s it was violent , belittling and racist , with no regard for human life . 
  \\* some history books . 
  david landes comes closest to what you describe , but he was a bit of a strange one in the history academics , and he talks about europeans as a whole instead of protestants vs. catholics . 
  the whole idea of some sort of `` protestant work ethic '' is debated , if not outright disproven by historians . 
  i mean , of course you 'll find history books claiming that protestant culture and money argument , but they 're all old , from a different time period . 
  it 's the same as that there are history books that claim that white people have always been more civilized than other races and that it is their god-given duty to civilize the world . 
  yes , those history books exist , but they 're all from the 19th century . 
  race ideas are fully proven as untrue . 
  same as the protestant work ethic/money ideal . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as the race theory , but it is an old idea that no respectable historian will use anymore . 
  this comment is just as hypocritical as the type of russians you 're criticizing . 
  a deadly combo, 
  the game started with jamala 's song last year . 
  ukraine and russia are both playing it . 
  a lot of monarchs in history had mental health issues . 
  philip ii of spain , louis xiv , philip v , and i 'm pretty sure that pretty much every hamburg monach was a bit touched . 
  with sweden leading the charge, 
  goldman sachs helped greece hide its debts from the eu during the accession talks . 
  that 's just one of the many grievances they did . 
  are such comments really necessary ? 
  denmark looks like a dick about a minute after orgasm . 
  slightly going down . 
  look at panama papers . 
  for many people it 's hard to work up the feelings to really care about this . 
  i ca n't find a way that it affects me so negatively that i need to do something about this . 
  my , and many other peoples ' first and foremost motivation , is to lead a good life . 
  these dealings do n't really clash with my motivation , so the incentive to protest , sign a petition or whatever else , is n't there . 
  this word is very globalized , but very fragmented at the same time . 
  money laundering people , rich people and others who do these practices live in their own world , undisturbed by the rest and they 're doing their best to not stick out too much . 
  and it 's working . 
  you are 20 % bull and 20 % swan !, 
  neither is erdogan . 
  yet . 
  it was n't just the swedes pillaging . 
  pillaging was the only source of food for soldiers during that war and the count of tilly was a bit notorious as well . 
  and got a bunch of land from the hre in the treaty of westphalia . 
  i do n't know, 
  they knew very well what they were getting . 
  you want to post about dutch nazi 's ? 
  we all know anton mussert here . 
  i wo n't stop you . 
  nonetheless , there were poles that participated in the killings . 
  yes , the nazi 's were guilty , but that does n't somehow void the killings done by poles . 
  this is n't about playing the blame game , this is about presenting history as it was , without bias or a certain agenda . 
  not really . 
  they run their party with faith . 
  on climate change , they say that we merely borrow the earth from god . 
  and we should protect his creation , they say . 
  on asylum they refer to the teachings of jesus , saying that we should aid the people in need . 
  in my personal , agnostic opinion , cu has found a good balance between their christian faith and a more progressive , social message . 
  taking realism into consideration , climate-friendly : vvd-cda-d66-gl . 
  not-so-climate-friendly-coalition-3000 : vvd-cda-d66-pvda . 
  these are ( semi - ) likely coalitions , not theoretical ones . 
  it fit perfectly where i voted :3, 
  / u/pitchforkemporium could learn from that feat of engineering . 
  no , it 's definitely a sore spot . 
  there are still regular debates over it and there 's still an ongoing investigation .
