  i agree that ww2 was the end , but the process of diminishing european hegemony in the indian and pacific oceans started in 1905 . 
  it was nice to debate with you , by the way . 
  have a nice day , 
  i know this debate is huge and filled with subtleties , but the americas being conquered by relatively little groups of conquistadors , the netherlands gaining all of indonesia , britain gaining control over india ( albeit by profiting from political instability and division ) , france conquering indochina , it can be said that there was a certain dominance of european powers over other parts of the world . 
  about post 1700s : the scramble for africa shows that europe still had a large inluence and military dominance over large parts of the world . 
  i 'd personally use 1905 , with the russian-japanese war , as a mark for the beginning of the end of european hegemony . 
  i wan na quote guns , germs and steel here , because i think parts of it are really interesting and bring a unique perspective , specifically on political fracturing . 
  what the book says about political fracturing is that it leads to more technological prosperity . 
  if an inventor , or a sailor ( like columbus ) has no support in one country , he can just move to another and try his luck there . 
  whereas with china , it was so united and so well organised through a centuries-old system of civil servants , that the word of the emperor was the law . 
  if the emperor said `` we 're going to lock the country down '' , it happened . 
  if you were an inventor or a sailor or a scientist and you had no luck in the imperial court , tough luck . 
  where do you go then ? 
  japan , who had locked the entire country down ? 
  korea was another option but that 's just one country . 
  about the world today : yes , it has changed a lot . 
  but is it really so that globalisation led to the diminishing influence of smaller nations ? 
  and is it really so that only big nations with lots of room and a big population can be a superpower ? 
  the fact that it 's the case today ( the us and china ) , does that really mean that they are only superpowers because they 're such big nations ? 
  i do n't know . 
  exactly . 
  i think the combination of flemish pride of their region and dutch arrogance ( which i still notice , the most obvious points being during a trip to antwerp with some classmates , and dutchmen here on reddit ) will lead to instant separation . 
  you summarized it perfectly . 
  a lot of the support for * grootnederlandisme * here in the netherlands is an imperialistic wet dream born of arrogance . 
  the flemish are equals , but we 've shown in history that the dutch are n't able to recognize that . 
  and it led ( in part ) to the revolt in 1830 that led to belgian independence . 
  i think if there were to be a union between the netherlands and flanders , it would n't last long . 
  the flemish are pretty patriotic and the dutch are too patronizing/arrogant towards the flemish . 
  your washing powder is too strong . 
  i bet your flag still smells of ariel . 
  mijn hart swells with pride . 
  there are subtle differences . 
  the most striking is when a teacher enters a classroom of teenagers . 
  it 's `` guten morgen herr m\u00dcller '' vs the teacher waiting until the students finally stop talking . 
  we 're confused and do n't know what to do . 
  in our automatic evolutionary reaction , we build a dyke to protect us from the mountains . 
  it does n't work . 
  national chaos ensues . 
  how did europe rise to global dominance in the first place then ? 
  we know all about it . 
  it 's actually repressed love . 
  by erdogan , stop acting like that . 
  he 's a great leader , and even i in the netherlands love him . 
  * this message was brought to you by diyanet *, 
  is ok finland . 
  we notice you with love . 
  and envy . 
  but also love . 
  sad . 
  that was amazing . 
  really well done !, 
  i thought i was sick of them , but this one can just be added to the collection , it 's great . 
  not really , in my experience . 
  i mean , he 's a white supremacist . 
  send help, 
  crimea is such a fascinating mixing pot . 
  greeks , persians , romans , goths , tatars , mongols and a whole host of other steppe folk , russians , ukrainians . 
  and in 2017 , it 's still a controversial place . 
  [ i know what you did , you filthy thief !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5tlp6g/the_most_german_of_russian_towns_kaliningrad/ddndxky/ ) prepare the cross . 
  go to brussels !, 
  they have a special `` rehabilitation '' basement under the eu headquarters . 
  that 's actually a really interesting theory , thank you for mentioning it . 
  strangely enough , i never came across this in my uni textbooks about the middle ages . 
  i went to germany for the new year and my ass still hurts, 
  no problem !, 
  have a nice day , 
  go to that `` piss europe off in 1 sentence '' thread for that, 
  will future threads like this one be removed , if a new similar situation happens ? 
  in principle , i upvote if it adds to the discussion and i downvote when it does n't . 
  but i 'm a bit of a hypocrite and sometimes i also use it based on what i want to see and what i do n't want to see . 
  like i 'll downvote `` russia is literally hitler '' thread # 100000 if it does n't add something new to the discussion , because i 've seen enough of that , but i 'll also upvote any shitpost about the netherlands because it makes me feel patriotic . 
  different people have different opinions on the upvote/downvote thing . 
  i 'd say just try to stick to the question of `` does it add to the discussion ? 
  yes/no '' and you 'll be fine . 
  oh most definitely . 
  it does n't mean that everyone else should stoop down to the level of russian propaganda . 
  cro-out ? 
  mm good point . 
  `` i rescued this poor fascist from the shelter today '', 
  yes , but upvotes are n't an `` i agree '' button , just as downvotes are n't an `` i disagree '' button . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with your point , but i personally do n't see upvotes like that, 
  amsterdam is a better antwerp hihihi oh where are all ur merchants oh wait they 're here hihihi time to block de schelde again !, 
  how are you doing without monies ? 
  poorly ? 
  ihihihhi ur beer is piss heineken is so much better , what 's it like being inferior dutch ? 
  what do you think of south african wines ? 
  how about `` jan gross is the best historian ever '' ? 
  this is all very , very good , but i think you could trigger the romanians more if you call them gypsies . 
  i hope you have the banhammer ready . 
  this could be messy, 
  this has nothing to do with russia ? 
  no , people need to keep commenting . 
  this subreddit is meant to be a discussion platform . 
  if it were a place like / r/askhistorians i 'd agree with you , but this here is a discussion oriented subreddit and it leads to interesting content . 
  i feel like in the minds of these youths , violence is inevitable . 
  now , before i go on , i do n't mean it in the racist sense , i do n't mean it in a discriminatory sense , i just think that through a set of external and internal factors , these youths already prepare for violence once news of police brutality ( or another similar incident ) comes out . 
  because it happens every time , because they 're frustrated , because they do n't respect the state , etc etc. 
  kinda like violence is inherent in the system . 
  sorry for the ramblez .
