  is this meant to be taken seriously ? 
  and putin 's merkel bullying lol, 
  being against saudi ( wahhabi ) mosques is not simply alt-right racism . 
  saudi arabia is scary . 
  do n't listen to / u/rannasha you germans love your blood sausage , so we simply supply the blood part . 
  you make the sausage . 
  hehe , that 's to totally it . 
  not vampirism no hehe . 
  there 's a huge campsite there , and it 's loved by a lot of dutchies . 
  jurij would be proud of me for spreading the word about his campsite haha . 
  i went there this summer . 
  slovenia is something else . 
  you come there , you 're not quite sure what to think of it since you do n't know what to expect etc. 
  but it pulls you in . 
  over the course of 10 days i 've grown to love the country . 
  ljubljana ( lju-bljana , i always thought it was ljub-ljana ) is an amazing city ( with some excellent beer stores ) , the alps in this country are breathtaking and still unspoilt compared to , say , the french alps , and the countryside is great because of the hospitable people . 
  plus i ate the best hamburgers i 've ever had there . 
  i was near celje , in varpolje . 
  seriously , if you 're considering going there , do not go there , because i want to keep this paradise all to myself . 
  about the history : they describe it themselves as being under outside control for almost the entire course of history . 
  roman empire , holy roman empire , yugoslavia . 
  only now they are independant and they 're loving it . 
  the people and the cities really are a mix of slavic and germanic cultures . 
  the houses are very much like the houses you see in germany , but the roads are patchy and it the driving style is not german at all . 
  couple of rules : 1 . 
  you are obliged to at least have one phone call while driving . 
  no handsfree , that 's forbidden . 
  it is forbidden to fasten your seatbelt until you are 10 kms underway . 
  speedlimit is advisatory , not obligatory . 
  the boss of the campside where i stayed was the archtypical slav : he 's called jurij , facial hair that was cool in the 80s , short but very broad build , heart of gold , but murderous when you make him angry . 
  i 'd say every slovenian has a little bit of jurij in them . 
  lastly , if you go there as a western european and you 're skinny like me , people will think that you 're being starved back home . 
  so they give you free food to help you fatten up . 
  love you , slovenia . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i have friends in the uk . 
  one of them moved to ireland , the other is even more desperately searching for a teaching job in the rest of europe . 
  for both of them the sudden * need * to move was spurred on by brexit . 
  and they 're not even immigrants . 
  all those migrants in britain that are now full of stress because of the uncertainties surrounding brexit and the effects that are going to become evident . 
  these people were hurt by brexit . 
  then there 's the immediate economic damages because of the drop in pound value , and lastly brexit definitely added to the volatile political climate in europe right now . 
  they need a scapegoat . 
  they 're still stuck in the mentality that brussels is some evil overlord lair that brings britain down . 
  i think it 's half childish behavior , indeed , but the other half is genuine anger . 
  the uk put their foot in between the spokes and they hurt a lot of people with that . 
  of course people are going to be angry . 
  if the brexit does n't pull through in the end and the uk does stay in the eu , they 'll nonetheless have lost a massive amount of reputation , credibility and goodwill . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's even in the best wishes of everyone for the uk to stay in the eu . 
  look at all the news here , look at the way uk politicians , businessmen etc are treated at conferences . 
  and a steaming pile of it . 
  nobody knows what the cda is these days . 
  not even cda knows what they are . 
  just the headlines from / r/worldnews methinks . 
  it has a really nice ring , `` alternative facts '' . 
  you see the reaction to these events already . 
  people like timmermans seek media attention more and more lately , i think they want to strenghten eu 's image . 
  dat sweet , juicy / r/europe karma, 
  that 's his swedish cousin , kven sramer . 
  fuck me , why are kids ' shows so traumatic ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  it gets tiring , this whole information warfare . 
  i 'm centrist , thank you very much . 
  but bear in mind that a lot of the anger is exaggerated in the media . 
  there are a few issues like zwarte piet that generate a lot of sentiments , but other than that i do n't think it 's worse than , say , germany . 
  but i know just as much as you other than that . 
  sometimes it feels inexplicable , like people are angry just because . 
  no rational reason , just anger . 
  no idea , friend . 
  i think the amount of anger is unreasonable , but personally i think it stems from the following : people still have pre-crisis europe in their memory . 
  the 90s and the 00s were very prosperous and everyone was optimistic about the future . 
  the crisis was the first time in a very long time that people started to realize that there * was * in fact a limit to growth . 
  for the first time in a long time , the younger generation has it worse than the older generation . 
  no more free study financing , an inaccesable housing market , overpopulation , impending doom in the form of climate change . 
  no matter what education people had , they know exactly when someone else has it better than them . 
  that feeling of envy and disparity creates anger . 
  and anger is like a virus that spreads through communities . 
  especially with the internet , it spreads like never before . 
  and that 's why people are so angry here . 
  i do n't agree with these reasons , trust me . 
  but the elections were still far away at the time , and people were angry . 
  they would grab any chance to express that anger towards rutte and brussels . 
  that was an issue of principles . 
  the eu is strongly against imperialism and war , so of course they 're going to sanction russia if they believe russia is warmongering . 
  and now the cat 's out of the bag , is n't it ? 
  it 's agenda pushers like you that ruin this subreddit . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  i understand the anger of the ukrainians , but calling it a betrayal is rich . 
  geert wilders is one of the few populists who has no connections to putin . 
  he 's more in the league of israel . 
  what betrayal ? 
  i personally voted for the agreement , but this whole `` you 're either with us or you 're a betraying son of a bitch '' angers me so much . 
  respect the result , ffs . 
  corruption in ukraine , plus a `` fuck you '' from some people to the leaders in the netherlands and in brussels . 
  they feel like they are n't taken into account enough , so they put their foot between the spokes to remind the leaders that they 're still there . 
  imagine trying to get home after a night of partying . 
  jeez , it 'd be a nightmare . 
  still though , very nicely done !, 
  i love cities that do their best to make the metro system special . 
  rust\u00e2\u00e2\u00e2g,
