  be so kind and stay the hell out of other countries . 
  nothing good comes out of your country . 
  well memed . 
  well , they certainly are n't what they used to be , but it 's still better than vag 's production in everything beyond `` affordability '' . 
  and if we disregard the disasters called gl class and c class , their reliability is n't that bad while they do offer more features than the competition ( last i checked anyway ) . 
  very elaborate . 
   yea man , why is n't the eu suicidal about itself ? 
  oh , eu did n't exist prior to the treaty of lisbon ? 
  til ...  these people trying to make the best of the political system make me so mad now the question is if they are trying to make it best for everyone and thus taking everyone 's input into consideration and practice , or if they are making it for the best according to their shared unrealistic dreams . 
  when is the march for the opposite ? 
  for returning to the state before lisbon treaty ? 
  oh wait , never , because anyone who would otherwise be willing to organise this knows that eu bodies listen only to what supports their ... `` ambitions '' , to put it lightly . 
  `` free '' in a very broad sense when it comes to western civilisation . 
  well , i was only in moscow , but i heard that kaliningrad and saint petersburg are n't that different . 
  then again , my colleague 's information may be a bit outdated as he was in those cities back in ussr . 
  it 's a backwards country where morals are secondary and a country that has consistently proven it 's not a good idea to get too close to ( roosevelt , ussr satellite countries , ukraine , et al. ) . 
  the country is experiencing both brain - and capital drain and it can not really produce anything beyond fossil fuel products and weapons . 
  corruption levels are incredible . 
  the three ( ish ) large cities and the rest are different worlds . 
  communist ideas are still common and stalin is missed by many . 
  they 're very proud of their history ( select parts of it anyway ) to the point of having massive messiah complex , which they are trying to carry over to other countries , somewhat successfully in some circles . 
   if we 're going to talk straight here fossil fuels in general is what needs to be phased out , not just diesel . 
  certainly , but diesel should be first and very soon . 
  gasoline is relatively clean . 
   as far as the electric or at least hybrid market goes though american manufacturers still do n't have much to offer . 
  they have volt/bolt/elr , but those cars just do n't sell . 
  and neither had their cousin opel ampera . 
  the 7th gen ? 
  i have , but it was too short to make any distinct impressions . 
  i did drive all modern generations of octavia plenty though . 
  still a compact/small family car . 
  wikipedia agrees with that notion also . 
  yeah , i doubt there is a measurable difference in quality . 
  why would there be one ? 
  that does n't make those fords german . 
  it 's a pretty a retarded argument , really . 
  or are those bmws mexican instead of german ? 
   the comments seem the same ( circlejerk ) well , because that 's what it is . 
  none of these idiots ever wonder why cadillacs are so expensive in europe . 
  they just keep memeing about fuel economy and build quality . 
  that 's funny , i have a chrysler owner in family and she is very much content with the car . 
   `` who the fuck would buy an american car ''  proceeds to use an american engine as an example of an desirable engine well done . 
   the bmw in my garage is 17 years old . 
  has over 200,000 miles , has never had any major service done , but it 's due for a head job . 
  cool . 
  now let 's talk about all those other bmws that have plenty of major services behind them . 
  nah , they must all be lies , right ? 
  you own one , so you know better than statistics . 
  breaks my wallet is surely something trump came up with . 
   nothing even remotely compares to european cars . 
  what utter nonsense ... but proper circlejerk there , mate . 
   or they 're not designed to use the diesel good . 
  the sooner the day diesel is phased out , the better . 
  screw that cancerous rubbish . 
   it 's not like europe has an importation block on american cars no , europe has a mental block on american cars . 
  this comment section more than confirms it . 
   how in the world could a person like trump become president ? 
  maybe you should stop asking that question rhetorically and actually learn the causes . 
  well , there are people who think audi is a premium brand . 
   pickup trucks galore ( i realize these are not so practical in europe , but still ) . 
  but this notion comes from about the same level of ignorance as `` all american cars drink 40l / 100km and are poorly built '' . 
  i see pickups every day in europe . 
  in fact , the only place where i see them only very rarely is france . 
  mercedes ? 
  it least they 're the best in something other than swindling , unlike vag . 
  polo is still supermini even by british/european standards , and golf is a `` small family car '' , which is the same as compact . 
  i have yet to sit in a tata jaguar , but the reviews i 've seen were n't exactly unfavourable . 
  as for audi rs , it certainly does n't not kill everything in its segment unless you take these premium sedans to a rally track . 
  well , that 's better than i thought . 
  it 's about 1 gbp in prague - also taxed to all hells . 
   are small fords still considered american ? 
  i just use brands ' origins . 
  unless it 's a nearly literal rebadge . 
  yeah , uk taxes are crazy , especially considering that they 're mostly co2 related ... what a nonsense , really . 
  by the way , how much goes a litre of regular petrol for in uk ? 
  have they ? 
  damn . 
  i fell for the outdated reputation myself :d . 
  serves me right , i should n't have talked about trucks . 
  real world numbers would be a bit better though . 
  yeah , well , unfortunately they did n't sell a 4-cylinder gasoline e class in us . 
  ... not that 23 kw is that much of a difference . 
  funny how this is a meme , but bmw 's 4-pot having equally less power while consuming more or less the same is amazing . 
  well memed indeed . 
   yes , because buying a car is not a purely economic and objective decision not my point . 
  i said that looks are subjective , so there even are people who like lincoln cuvs . 
  i do n't know what they see in those cars , but i 'm not going to make general judgements about those cars on the basis of how they look . 
  oh yes , the differences are significant . 
  but that does n't mean american brands do n't have competitive cars in their portfolio . 
  especially chevrolet ( which pulled out from europe , because it did n't want to compete with gm 's opel ) . 
   i can go to america and most likely will not have a problem driving an average rental car . 
  i think you 'd find out that there is n't that much difference . 
  first time i was there i had the misfortune of driving an aveo on a pretty long trip . 
  as for americans in europe , i would actually like to know for real . 
  of course they will ask mostly for automatic transmission , but that 's a standard in many new cars even in europe . 
  by the way , living in and near the czech capital , i could park a silverado here . 
  that argument is really weird . 
  those long white vans ? 
  i see then parking in all kinds of places . 
   of course thats not peer reviewed science , but good enough for a comparison .
