  i did saw plenty of reviews and sat in plenty of cars ( including byd and luxgen , ugh ) . 
  your statement about some `` objectively better build quality '' still feels quite far from reality . 
   ford is about half of what a comparable audi is that 's because ford is a family car and audi is a premium car . 
   nope , i 'm providing a reasoning for many people . 
  you 're providing an opinion on styling , which is hugely subjective , and base your argument around it . 
  well , they ( honda and lexus ) certainly are more reliable . 
  as for speed ( i mean on a circuit ) , they are very much competitive . 
  as is cadillac , by the way . 
  let 's see ... there 's nissan gt-r , lexus lfa , ... the cars ( be it american or japanese ) that are competing with german fast cars are usually much closer than most germans think . 
   the squidgy suspension mate , that was true maybe in some cases 15 years ago . 
  not today . 
   the fitouts at the cheap end i do n't know what you consider cheap end , but cruze definitely is not awful on any level - fuel consumption , features , reliability , even design ( which is very neutral ) . 
   they 're also bloody ugly ( the aztek being the pinnacle ) . 
  well , sure . 
  europeans cars are also bloody ugly ( multipla being the pinnacle ) . 
  including german cars ( 1st gen a1 being the pinnacle ) . 
  see how silly that sounds ? 
   anything bigger than a 3 series is a pain to park i guess that 's why there 's so many s classes , a6s , a8s , insignias , superbs , etc. . .  and wallowing suspension is terrible on a windy road . 
  i thought we were talking about modern cars here . 
  cruze was a `` global '' car - gm platform , opel ( i think ) internals , daewoo design or something ... 
  it was about as american as skoda is czech . 
   you 're wearing a kiwi flag , own it or do n't use it . 
  why be weird ? 
  well , i grew up here since i was like 1 , but i 'd certainly rather grow up and live back in nz . 
  i do n't have much in common with this country , so i do n't intend to label myself with its flag . 
   they are objectively better built cars and how do you measure that ? 
  please , provide sources , amuse me . 
   you can sell them for a lot more money when they are a few years old . 
  and that 's not true , not in europe . 
  in us american cars depreciate like dropping turd though . 
   and many american cars are ugly as hell . 
  chrysler cars look like they went through 3 accidents before you bought them , and the other ones are n't beauty queens as well . 
  now you 're just grasping for straws . 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's a [ gigantic difference ] ( http://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/find.do?action=sbs&amp;id=36398&amp;id=36723&amp;id=36733&amp;id=36739 ) indeed ... and it 's [ totally true ] ( http://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/find.do?action=sbs&amp;id=36746&amp;id=36742&amp;id=36113&amp;id=36178 ) every time !, 
  wow , my mind is blown :p edit : that second merc is an na v6 with 22 more kw , so yeah ... whoops . 
  still , massive difference !, 
  it 's really the same reason why something like ram is sold so much more than tundra . 
  outdated reputation ... 
  actually cruze sold pretty well . 
  but if the preferences were what you 're claiming they are , chevy volt and opel ampera would sell like hot cakes . 
  spoiler : they did n't . 
  you see really few us cars in in anz , because they just are n't made in rhd . 
  same story with uk . 
  and for the record , i reside in the czech republic . 
  new zealand definitely has better roads though :d, 
  actually golf is compact size . 
  polo ( sonic ) is supermini , up !, 
  ( spark ) is a city car . 
  edit : added chevrolet parallels . 
  well , comparing jaguar with porsche would be dumb . 
  comparing jaguar with mercedes would be a priori lost , because mercedes * is * the best in that premium segment , and probably in luxury as well ( with maybach ) . 
  oh , and i would n't exactly compare just what 's faster . 
  now comparing jaguar with audi or bmw , that 's a whole different story . 
  but r-type and f performance are honda and lexus , i thought mon was comparing europeans to the japanese :p, 
  well , there 's always a chance you 've completely missed the original point , so let me elaborate . 
  i was referring to gabriel , specifically to the line  gabriel responded that `` the u.s. needs to build better cars . '', 
  that has * nothing * to do with the number of american cars on german streets , thus your original response made no sense . 
   why dont you smug bastard  and we 're done you must be german :d sorry , i educating the likes of you is n't worth the effort . 
  all you can do is search for what confirms your ignorance-induced bias . 
  because typing `` chevrolet.com '' and clicking `` vehicles '' is apparently too much of an effort for some smug wankers . 
  you mean the likes of , i do n't know vw golf/polo ? 
  yeah , those are less common , but they do exist ( chevrolet spark/sonic , ford fiesta , etc. 
  why do n't you have look at the model portfolios instead of searching for irrelevant information ? 
  yes , i can . 
  be so kind and have a look on who said what . 
  then reread your comment yourself . 
  oh , i do n't know , any non-escalade cadillac ( ats , cts , ct6 , xt5 ) , any non - `` truck '' chevrolet ( cruze , malibu ... ) . 
  and that 's just gm . 
  and by the way , europeans simply buy german cars because of the german engineering \u2122 meme . 
  that level of ignorance drove honda accord from the continent . 
  and what exactly makes you believe that i was referring to that ( which is trump 's claim ) instead of `` the u.s. needs to build better cars '' ? 
  yes . 
  yes i have . 
  but it would seem that you , on the other hand , did not . 
  at least not since the 90s . 
  and apparently they all rank above lincoln and cadillac . 
  yeah , their marketing is amazing . 
  so you 're saying you 've never r type , f performance or ... well any infinity , really . 
  do you have those statistics handy somewhere ? 
  i 'm always hungry for those :d, 
  how about you have a look at cars made in this millennium ? 
  and , you know , all of them , not only full-sized pick-ups/suvs ? 
  typically german smug behaviour with no basis in reality . 
  it is getting truly obnoxious . 
   russians are you european ? 
  yes !, 
  that will be like half of the respondents , and that 's only in the large cities in the western part . 
  feel free to substitute `` russians '' for `` finns '' in the question to find your answer . 
  yeah , right . 
  ask a few russians how they feel about being called europeans . 
   the things that were said were hurtful is that the negative experience you were talking about ? 
  because that 's just a czech experience . 
  it 's one of the countries where banter is common form of communication . 
  remember the [ presidential election ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vqov0.jpg ) ? 
   a unifying tradition that predates the eu you mean austria-hungarian empire ? 
  i celebrate it all the time !, 
  everyone in the office knows gott erhalte franz den kaiser by now . 
  do amusing videos count ? 
  i guess it takes an american to believe that europe is somehow north from canada .
