  wow , a country is actually making steps to stop people from abusing welfare . 
  how dare they, 
  thanks , microsoft !, 
  anything that stops that idiotic circus moving . 
  harsh times require harsh measures . 
  well , have you seen a [ surface coal mine ] ( http://ucebnice3.enviregion.cz/userfiles/doly-bilina.jpg ) ? 
  far from non-intrusive . 
  there 's also no way of permanently disposing of waste coming from coal , but unlike nuclear waste , which ends up in one small location , coal waste spreads across continents or globally , and is nigh impossible to uh ... fix the damages from it . 
  of course they 're temporary , that 's what non-renewable is about :p . 
  nuclear is just cleaner and more concentrated . 
  if you were to argue with `` cheaper and safer '' , it would be best to use small diesel cars without any emission control systems instead of cleaner gasoline ones . 
  nuclear may have bigger initial costs , but , if i recall correctly , the operation and generating electricity are actually less costly , not to mention much , much cleaner than coal . 
  politics , media ... 
  he took the responsibility by being shot . 
  the authorities can not prevent this , especially if they 're pressured to not focus on certain violent cultures/communities in their own country . 
  who cares ? 
  stop giving him any attention . 
  many words , all of them contradicting each other . 
  i said less notable , not not notable :p, 
   doctors , it staff , engineers could easy move even before we joined eu . 
  sure they could , but it was much more difficult , it was n't the no-brainer way . 
  as a result , the drain was much less notable . 
   even hardcore brexiters still want to cherry pick those professions that will actually hurt us if they move . 
  well , yeah , that sucks . 
  but at least it ought to hurt a bit less . 
  well , unless they choose another rich country that is . 
   do you think those of us living in the east i 'm living in the czech republic and i 'm fully aware of that . 
  hence why i despise this utter nonsense of `` mandatory free movement of work force '' . 
   and there 's no jobs for them plenty of jobs for doctors/nurses , they just leave for better wages . 
   you want people to stop coming ? 
  scale down your economy , go farm potatoes or something , let our companies take the market share of yours and all is fine and dandy with us . 
  ah , yes , `` shot yourself in the foot so that we stop coming to you '' . 
  brilliant . 
   noone wants to live on a rainy island among hateful pricks anyway . 
  i think you should speak for yourself . 
  and try actually asking people . 
   but if you want access to our markets and you want us to have a hard time becoming a competition / which is what the eu is really about - keeping the status qio west-rich -- east-poor / , we better get a piece of the cake in return . 
  the piece of cake you get in return is access to the british market . 
  which is huge . 
  and significant for many central/eastern european countries . 
  there are zero reasons for why should uk ( or any other country ) have to let all eu foreigners work there an enjoy full social benefits . 
   just a single remark to a single person . 
  you do n't follow the news a lot , do you ? 
  and no , that was n't just a single remark by that single person in question . 
   sitting around twiddling their collective thumbs untill britain finally gets their case together and actually starts either leaving or decides to stay anyway is the absence of a reaction . 
  if they were doing it ( and they are n't ) , it would be a sensible reaction . 
  uk is an eu member state no matter what juncker , sch\u00e4uble , or any other cunts like that say . 
  and they remain a full member state with their benefits and obligations until they decide to file for article 50 , if they do at all . 
   they can play dirty too what the hell are you talking about ? 
  what 's dirty about making an informed decision instead of a rushed one ? 
  how can you be this deluded ? 
   apparently it 's ok for you to demand , and receive , and whine , and insult , but when it gets to chipping in with a few pennies it 's suddenly such a big deal yes , it 's perfectly ok to demand and receive what was agreed on . 
  and your definition of `` pennies '' is quite amusing . 
   if i was the head of state of a east euro country , i 'd be parading myself on tv claiming i 'll veto any deal with the uk . 
  i 'm pretty sure even a single head of state can do that . 
  it 'd be fucking hilarious - i 'd be devaluing the pound every time i open my mouth , lol . 
  oh , so you 're a bit of a cunt . 
  figures . 
  well , if that 's the case , i 'll leave you to it . 
  ouch ... you sure showed me !, 
  i 'm devastated by your use of logic . 
   one in 10 of britain 's doctors are european you mean those future vacant jobs for potential british doctors ? 
  yeah , how tragic . 
   one in 6 scientist are , and they are responsible for bringing in 1/3 of the uks science budget . 
  ditto  millions of british families live and work or spend their retirement in europe . 
  last i heard it was 2-3 millions of individuals . 
   somewhere between 10 and 20 % of britain 's gdp comes from its position within the eu . 
  that 's just pulling numbers out of your arse . 
  it 's especially sad considering the fact that it 's widely known that uk has a net negative income when it comes to eu funds . 
   millions of families within the uk work on companies that will be beaten up if they lose access to the market . 
  ah , right , because leaving the eu means barring all trade with eu ... do you even listen to yourself ? 
   equally many outside of the uk . 
  i think you 'll find it 's not that equal . 
  especially in long term . 
   my colleagues in the netherlands are afraid what happens to them if the uk finally leave . 
  that 's funny , two of my three dutch mates want their own referendum . 
   to what degree do pensions actually depend on the fonds that are investing in london , and operating within it i wonder ? 
  that i do not know , but i highly doubt it 's a notable number . 
   how much longer will waiting lists for medical care become when the dirty foreign doctors pack their bags because people told them to go fuck themselves ? 
  about the same ? 
  things tend to balance out pretty quickly . 
  you do know that leaving eu does n't mean completely cutting off all migration , right ? 
   just how effective will the uk be as a science catalyst once it loses its privileged position as europe 's english-speaking research hub ? 
  that 's a big `` if '' , not `` when '' . 
   how bad can it be if a country loses a two-digit piece of its gdp as bad as markets get . 
  it 's a bunch of idiots who panic at the slightest sign of trouble . 
  oh wait , it 's bouncing back , never mind !, 
   christ this vote screws over millions of families and you just shrug it off . 
  you mean the families of people who come to uk , work there for ( for them ) huge salary for a few years and then return to whatever country they came from while receiving hugely generous pension/welfare ? 
  oh no , how can i live with myself  who cares what experts say , what have they ever done for you and what do they know of real life , innit so ? 
  yes , that 's right , pick only those `` experts '' that fall into your opinion bubble , that 's not anti-intellectual at all . 
   the uk has to decide as soon as possible on how it 's going to proceed , and then fucking do it . 
  uk needs to decide when it 's ready to decide , not a day sooner . 
  everyone trying to command uk into making harsh decisions can fuck right off . 
   but hey , at least people got to wave around their flag a lot talking about taking control , while others argue in the guardian whether it would n't make more sense to split up the uk in several semi - autonomous , federated nations again . 
  oh , please , the `` your kingdom will dissolve ! '', 
  card is so faux it 's not even funny . 
  did n't you hear what sturgeon said ? 
  the reality is that both the stock markets and the british sterling are recovering . 
  the scaremongering you 're doing is just eu propaganda .
