  deal with it . 
  nice strawman though . 
  mate , the british sterling is climbing up again ( of course ) . 
  maybe just be smart and wait until the panicking idiots ( with plentiful support from eu propaganda ) from markets stop being panicking idiots . 
  yes ... his response to farage within the context of the brexit referendum . 
  it 's not affecting anyone but some bankers . 
  stock market is long stabilised . 
  pressure is n't harsh reaction ? 
  all righty then . 
  what 's funny ( well , sad ) is your selective memory . 
   if you 're out , you 're out . 
   why are you still here ? 
  and the way he consistently pressures uk into action . 
  you call his response to the brexit referendum calm ? 
  well , germany and others sure like to have all those low-wage workers , so it 's not like that 's going to change . 
   had an eu/nato member been threatened the escalation process would have been very different . 
  yes . 
  but because it 's in nato . 
  eu is toothless . 
  well yes , i agree that `` nothing to do with peace '' is quite an overstatement ... 
  however , judging by its response ( and how long it took it to make one to begin with ) to russia 's annexation of another country 's land , i really do n't think eu has as much power as you attribute to it . 
   once you get to know your neighbors at a personal level ( i.e. 
  meet them ) demonization/antagonization becomes next to impossible . 
  that 's a strange statement considering there are neighbours in a single building ( or any unit of space of your choosing ) that hate each other despite knowing the other one on personal level . 
  if there 's an eu-related reason for why would n't germany annex sudetenland again , it 's completely unrelated to people - it 's economic . 
  economies are intertwined ( that 's the word you were looking for ? 
  germany owns like 40 % of czech industry . 
  czechia exports to germany . 
  is it primarily because of eu ? 
  eu has nothing to do with peace , that 's what nato is for . 
  i thought it was eu government disconnected from the real world ( migration crisis being one of the consequences of that ) , but ok . 
  ha , looks like it 's actually dropping right now . 
  i wo n't do what most euphiles would , pull out a crystal ball and claim that this means inevitable crash of uk 's economy though . 
  we 'll have to wait a few weeks to see if there 's any actual impact beyond typical market panic . 
   so my point still stands . 
  i do n't think you understand what `` recovering '' means . 
  harsh ? 
  i thought i was being moderate . 
  reading jtalin 's responses to you made me laugh out loud like ... well at least twice . 
  i do n't think people can be happy with the government anywhere . 
  in addition to that , generally the bigger the governed population is , the more is the government going to be misaligned with some as people have different interests and more people have more varied/differing interests . 
  i think i looked into finnish and it did n't seem that hard at first . 
  then again , i did n't look into icelandic very deeply , i just remember seeing some very scary words :d, 
   it 's hard for me to feel sympathetic to any person when anything happens to them when there are mean people in the world . 
  brilliant logic . 
   that would invalidate any kind of political action ever that would upset the status quo , paving the way for blind authoritarianism . 
  congratulations , you 've just found what these euphiles want . 
  and they do n't forget to use `` objectively '' in every paragraph , even when talking about hypotheses . 
  well , i keep saying iceland is the best country in europe . 
  i wish the language was n't so hard though ... 
  no thanks , i prefer more rational politics . 
   the nation of poland produces some of the smartest people on the continent , being attractive to them is a compliment and benefit . 
  and you know what that means ? 
  that those people are then missing in poland . 
   brussels is not populated by mentally challenged geese . 
  yeah , those might be capable of generating better results than the current population . 
   because the uk does not want to become a second norway , so no efta why not ? 
  i mean , can you source that ? 
   because continental europe is opposed to letting the uk into the eea see above - i mean , i 'd expect uk to want to stay away from eea now ... 
  as far as i know , `` the same rules '' are only rules about things relevant with trade . 
  as far as efta goes anyway , eea is more closer to membership-level of regulatory burden . 
  yeah , currency fluctuation . 
  when has n't it bounced back ? 
  i 'm not sure it 's supposed to be just funny . 
  to me it looks like a political comedy with an agenda ( understandable and nothing wrong with that , i guess ) . 
  i 'd say that brussels has a brussels problem :p, 
  good for inducing daily dose of cringe and strong stay-supporters who need confirmation of their stance , but it has very little information value ... as usual with john oliver , it 's cherry-picked examples and strawmen everywhere . 
  large corporations may have strong influence in europe , but they do n't run it yet . 
  and personal freedom is secondary to collectivism in europe . 
  so yeah , there are some shared values , but probably less than you think . 
  by the way , have you heard of this thing called transatlantic trade and investment partnership ? 
  no , they want unified , but powerless europe . 
  sure , make quotas on every aspect of the life , shitheads . 
  i really doubt this is going to happen . 
  half of gm 's business depends on opel ( that 's everything besides suvs ( not cuvs ) , pick-up trucks , cadillac , and sports cars ) . 
  i like how i talk about absolute numbers and you keep talking about relative standards . 
   moving would reduce my real purchasing power despite the nominal increase in wage . 
  yea , you might want to re-do the math . 
   the minimum wage has no bearing on wages in my sector . 
  i earn less than i would in say germany do n't you see the contradiction ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i presume those number are increase per cent in comparison with the previous year , right ? 
  that too !, 
  yes , and this low minimum wage further supports this division . 
  brain drain likewise . 
  that '' ( slovenia ? ) '', 
  means `` i do n't think this one fits into that description . 
  it might , but i honestly do not know for sure and am too lazy to look it up '' . 
  and why should they stay in group 1 and earn the same as minimum wage in group 3 when they can easily move to group 3 and earn unachievable wages from group 1 's point of view ? 
  heh , i felt similarly when i fired up another browser to see if it works there only to be presented by a binary table ... 
  group 1 is factory workers for group 3 . 
  group 2 is the result of generous but failed socialist policies ( slovenia ? ) . 
  group 3 ( and group `` note '' ) is where the brain drain flows into from groups 1 and 2 . 
  does [ this ] ( https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/annual_real_gdp_growth_gdp_chartbuilder.png ) work for you ? 
  cool . 
  what about growth ratio per country ? 
  well yea , significantly denser population does that . 
  of course germans would . 
  they profit from eu the most . 
  used to be .
