  carry on . 
  or , translate some wiki pages to friulan . 
  no shit !, 
  it 's a big no no to me , and it is prohibited by law . 
  it 's just not enforced enough . 
  just like you ca n't drink on public streets . 
  italians call it patatine frites , iirc . 
  ignore ? 
   the pennsylvania `` dutch '' in the united states really are `` deutsch '' . 
  german . 
  therefore , smoking j outdoors is a big no-no . 
  however , not many people seem to care . 
  damn tourists . 
  thank you . 
  sure , but not as much as oil refineries . 
  yeah , and add the fact that paris and london are only two cities . 
  the lower countries have roughly the same pop-density throughout their territory . 
   and pollution would follow the big rivers like the elbe , the rhine and donau . 
  well , it is * air * pollution, 
  they 're comming for the potatoes . 
  i wonder , what is the percentage of cases like this working , and getting into europe ? 
  if people keep doing this , it must have a reasonable success rate , but i imagine there are no numbers known . 
  all that delicious north sea gas . 
  ours !, 
  hahahahaha, 
  this is why this is a genius move by snowden - he forces these countries to take a stance . 
  this way , countries who grant him asylum directly oppose the us . 
  countries that do not grant him asylum , would have a lot to explain their citizens and to other countries in the eu that do grant him a safe haven . 
  this guy is highly intelligent . 
  i admire him . 
  just use tor browser . 
  solves a lot of things . 
  for instance , not being able to visit thepiratebay through your isp ? 
  with tor , you can !, 
  it 's like an uberproxy , which stores nothing . 
  one drawback - you need to log in every time you visit a website . 
  almost as hilarious as the whistle blower now being under cover in hong kong . 
  taking watercooler conversations to a whole new level . 
  our cheese is better . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triumph_studios ) and [ this ] ( http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/tag/abbey-games/ ), 
  get on our level . 
  i 'd be made too if i did n't have potato . 
  and ofcourse , the french refuse to talk english . 
  drink . 
  #you ` rethemostannoyinghumanbeingever, 
  ah , the great eastern european circlejerk has begun, 
  ca n't be seen outside britain , even with hola unblocker . 
  i now went to work ( night guard ) but i still want to see the bbc broadcast , is there a livestream or a sopcast link ? 
  edit : for non-british viewers , 
  and wales to sing about sheep . 
  dude . 
  [ stfu ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy6iwp9ux3a ), 
  that 's just the exhaust from the diesel powered wind machine . 
  i know . 
  it 's just that , with the cat food and cartoon character , there where a lot of cats named felix . 
  not so much anymore though . 
   i do not think i quite understand you . 
  are you saying that the dutch population would vote yes to the ecb being in charge of the dutch , abover their government , which is essentially what it would be about . 
  for example , the ecb could decide , for the french , that the nuclear arms were to expensive , and cut them down , or something else . 
  because that is what would happen , and it would mean a united states of europe . 
  would the dutch vote yes to that ? 
  i mean there 've been some choices made in the past that prove impractical now . 
  trying to change that , you 'd have to go back to the state in where the eu was pre 1990 and rebuild it with the knowledge you 've gained . 
  i know why they chose the simplest option ; basically to compromise the differing opinions on what route the eu should take . 
  germany was n't fit to be a leader back then , still being divided between east and west , but having a strong voice in building an institution means that it can take a much clearer direction . 
  basically i 'm saying democracy is bad if you want to move forward . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm going to bed . 
   also , are you sure that the people in the euro countries would vote for that , giving the power to the ecb to punish you by taking the power away ? 
  would the dutch actually go for that for example . 
  not saying they wont , just stating they have taken a wrong turn in the development of their institutions which could be irreversible . 
   it is also about not cutting the debt/gdp true . 
  but also , change has to be done gradually , or else you get the greek situation with mass strikes and general popular revolt against the government , which 'll result in even more debt due to the economy coming to a halt . 
  it ca n't be too slow , as your debt will rise , but it also ca n't be too fast . 
  you 'll have to find the right pace to cut in public spending . 
  in order to compensate for a fine , they 'll have to overcut the spending which 'll result in chaos . 
  the whole fine thing is ridiculous if you ask me . 
  yes , there needs to be some penalty for exceeding the 3 % rule , but i do n't think it should ever have been with money in the first place . 
  my study mostly refers to theory , and behaviour predicted by game theory , or prisoner 's dilemma . 
   honestly , i ca n't see how they can skip the fine - again . 
  it was one of the many things that started this negative spiral , that no one adhered to the rules , and they have really promised that this time round ... would n't fining countries work in favor of the negative spiral ? 
  that 's probably the defense they 'll use . 
  edit : asking money for having too little money does n't make sense . 
  the ecb should look to other strategies , like taking away some privileges or power away from a government . 
  i do n't know from the top of my head , but google will . 
  our central bureau of statistics ( cbs ) most likely . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever get in the safe zone again ( i.e. 
  completely safe from another recession ) , as europe , for the same reason why capitalism is flawed . 
  it is based on everlasting growth , however , the growth in population we 've had is insufficient to tend to our economic needs . 
  we 'll either have to go into tax reforms ( like the french ) , or rethink our welfare state . 
  it is certainly interesting . 
  i 'm a poli-sci majoring in political theory and behaviour at the university of amsterdam ( uva ) . 
  for me , seeing how the eu is going to handle the situation , and theorizing how individual countries ( and most of all , their citizens ) will react to the fine , would be very interesting . 
  i expect , especially in holland , a large seclutionist populist win for either the socialist party ( sp ) or freedom party ( pvv , geert wilders ) . 
  last election , they openly propagated seclusion from the eu , and it cost them a lot of votes as we still have a general positive view of the eu . 
  if we need to pay a fine ( after investing heavily in the bailout , relative to our gdp ) , the eu could be seen in a more negative daylight by the general population . 
  furthermore , if cyprus is given a way out of the euro , there 'll be protests in holland demanding the same . 
  there are still a lot of people nostalgic to the guilder . 
  i think he was going for standard go-to names for cats . 
  like felix .
