  remarkable . 
  i think it is kind of perverse . 
  it 's just a kid , sure she 's a princess and some sort of public figure , but come on . 
  have you tasted that potato thing they call a knudel . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  i do n't know for sure , but i think erdogan personally has a lot to gain for letting the conflict unresolved . 
  both in exterior politics , but also internal . 
  have isis be enough of a threat to turkey so it would create a common enemy for the turks , akp and opposition . 
  it would unite them more if the resulting conflict gets bigger , and establish his power more once turkey deteriorates into crisis mode . 
  ofcourse , this can all backfire if the media find proof of him actively stalling a resolution , however , the media is in his pocket or bullied enough not to look too deep into this . 
  the fuck ? 
  okay , i do n't know where you are from , but based on your username , lets metaphorically say you are from split , croatia . 
  what if the 4th sarajevo corps and the 37th uzice corps made its way through to split , as [ was intended in 1991 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/jna_offensive_plan_1991.jpg ) . 
  you 'd either fight or flee , depending on the prospect of surviving . 
  you 'd probably relocate further up north . 
  rumors have it that enemy soldiers dressed in civilian clothing are entering refugee camps , trying to look for people from split and to execute them . 
  you do n't know who the enemy is . 
  you do n't know where you are safe . 
  you go to zagreb , but the croatian military is disorganized by attacks from ` citizens ' , serbs dressed as civilians , and while the brunt force of the serbs are moving up , there 's a real possibility zagreb might fall . 
  you flee . 
  you go to slovenia . 
  however , slovenians have negative preconceptions about croatians based on centuries of struggles . 
  they refuse to give you shelter , so you move further up , to austria , and maybe even further , until you find a place where you are able to survive in human conditions . 
  now please tell me how `` we do n't want war refugees coming for shelter '' translates to `` having their heads on straight '' ? 
  it is the most selfish thing to say . 
  nederlanders , voice of reason !, 
  well you had your fill a century ago , do n't judge . 
  the fuck is the article talking about ? 
  i 'm still poor as fuck . 
  come on micks , where 's my premium ? 
  dudebro politics . 
  once the snakes got him i was devastated , but somehow he managed to struggle free and make it to his elders . 
  what a rollercoaster of emotions that was !, 
  what is in kiwi 's that makes me so goddamn allergic to them , while i 'm not allergic to any other fruit ? 
  i thought estonia was pretty progressive ? 
  for shopping/loitering , etc , sure . 
  if you need to go somewhere it might still be 30 minute walking , but about 5-10min by bike - depending on the god of traffic lights . 
  also . 
  you merely adopted cycling , we were born in it , molded by it . 
  well ... 
  i do . 
  it 's kind of a chicken/egg story . 
  because we are conditioned to watch behind our car when opening the door , it might be the reason why people automatically open the door with their right hand because once you are looking behind you , it is easier that way . 
  cause and effect yo . 
  pff , too hard . 
  just set it at max hellblazing , and turn it off once you 've reached acceptable temperature range . 
  if you 've overshot , just open a window . 
  pretty much . 
  natgeo is owned by murdoch now . 
  ghehe , if it was someone threatening to kill refugees , he 'd certainly be defended . 
  at least , about 6 months ago something like this happened in the netherlands and he was actually defended by them on here . 
  he 's been on point up until now . 
  2050 is 34 years away . 
  who knows what will happen . 
  want seems ridiculous now might be realistic in 10 years . 
  just give me a lifetime of reddit gold and you 're there !, 
  this would fit in right away at / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  nah , once the nation is burned to the ground they will blame it on the establishment . 
  populists do n't want to rule . 
  they only want to complain without bringing any solutions to the table . 
  which is exactly what is happening in britain right now . 
  they wanted cameron to guide the transition , just so they can complain about cameron for anything negatively happening to the country during the negotiations and transition . 
  also , it is the same guy who shot the guy who attacked canadian parliament in 2014 . 
  this dude is badass . 
  he 's a social democrat . 
  that would be akin to saying tony blair was far left . 
  saying hofer is n't far right would be saying farage and wilders are moderate . 
  what country is that ? 
  5.5 / 10 here . 
  bases on a 1-10 scale . 
  did your neighbours give you the twelve points ? 
  eh , you trolling homie ? 
  of course not . 
  i 'm just saying it should not be used against erdogan * right now * , as it is exactly what he wants . 
  because you also shun away the turkish people , those that stand to lose the most once they hide behind erdogan . 
  that would only validate erdogan 's idiotic temper tantrum , give him what he wants so he can point to his people and say we hate them . 
  erdogan is purposefully trying to isolate turkey on the international platform , so he can say turkey needs a strong leader against the big bad foreign countries . 
  we should n't do anything that helps him in this regard . 
  just ignore him . 
  i like * stolz der nation * . 
   so basically if you are a waiter you work for a restaurant owner who is an asshole . 
  why ? 
  because you need $ 100k to open a restaurant and that $ 100k was earned by fraud like this . 
  the honest people do n't have $ 100k so you end up working for assholes . 
  there are , roughly speaking , two kinds of people . 
  people who are selfless , and people who are self-centered . 
  people who put other 's needs before their own , and people who put theirs above other 's . 
  this second group often has the audacity , tenaciousness and most of all willingness to exploit amoral loopholes like this , which is why they are often business owners , lawyers , etc. 
  they ( though largely not all of them ) become rich over other people 's work . 
  they generate capital by exploiting others . 
  they can use this capital to grow their businesses , and expand into other fields . 
  then , they teach this to their kids and grandkids , who follow in their ( grand ) daddies footsteps running these businesses . 
  never having felt what it feels like to actually work for your income . 
  they are the rich assholes , so disconnected from society that they think appearing at your own country club which has a membership fee of $ 200k makes you accessible to `` the people '' . 
  it is basically the iron law of oligarchy , and what you are experiencing is just the rise of a new generation of oligarchs trying to get a head start by exploiting a system which is easily exploited , because the eu lacks the authority of proper oversight into their investments in a country that has largely still a vaccuum of established oligarchs . 
  first we need to defeat wilders here on the 15th of march . 
  thanks for the heads up , it was a spur of the moment thing , wo n't do it again . 
  i was just wondering that , of all the possible reasons , why that one was used . 
  keep up keeping / r/europe awesome !, 
  hey !,
