  that 's strange , the title matches the title of the article exactly . 
  i should know , i wrote the piece . 
  now , you could remove it on the grounds of self-promotion , however , i do wish to know why it was removed on grounds of editorialisation ... ? 
  looks more like a sugarcube to me ... 
   what if then i would say you 've read to many conspiracy theories . 
  well , yeah , but using * suspect * does n't cause  nobody thought that this has to be the guy which could still very well be the case . 
  the one doesnt exclude the other . 
  tbf , media always use ` suspect ' until he is found guilty by a judge , or the person admitted to doing it or had been killed in the act . 
  something something * innocent until proven guilty * . 
  depends . 
  it is not his fault the police went 100 % with his tip . 
  mistakes are human . 
  if the police catch the real perpetrator ( soon ) then i 'm sure he can have a laugh about it as well . 
  i can find only one ( original ) source citing she worked for the local refugee center . 
  which is ... * the sun * . 
  another clich\u00e9 , italian women smoke those thin vogue sigarettes . 
  at least , that 's what i experienced . 
  ps : could marlboro have something to do with their ferrari sponsorship ? 
  famous last words . 
  carp goulash , got it . 
  carp is edible ?!, 
  i thought it was something like a bait and switch . 
  serve carp , leave the kids confused and disgusted , and then get out the turkey . 
  so where exactly is dragonstone on this picture ? 
   ireland . 
  that 's a weird way to spell * westeros *, 
  but what if belgium knew in november that we knew in november ? 
  another polish diet coming up ? 
  thought it was a campsite registration office . 
   socrates , voltaire , and kant on the other hand , their faces would not be as recognizable . 
  i 'd say historical politicians ( pre 1900 ) could be used . 
  napoleon , carolingian , kanute ( if sweden and denmark get their shit together and join already ) , etc. 
  otherwise , explorers such as columbus , barentsz , da gama . 
  it depends on what message you want to convey using the bills . 
  if it 's unity , i 'd say go with artists since art is ` universal ' . 
  why did n't he ever apply for dutch citizenship ? 
  he 's been married to a [ dutch woman for 24 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sandra_roelofs ) . 
  not saying we 'd welcome him with open arms , but it is a logical step . 
  there must 've been something of which he knew he woul n't be approved here . 
   so you will have to wait for next elections when economic stability does n't give the right votes . 
  hate to break it to you , but paradoxically economic instability tends to give the right more support . 
  it 's a `` fuck you i got mine [ to protect ] '' kind of dynamic . 
  only in times of superfluence does the left gain support . 
  in the face of danger , people seek out to protect their standard of living , which the right promises while the left promises to divide the wealth instead . 
  pfew , only got 29 right . 
  the other 10 % is robert kubica hype . 
  combined with his oversized suit needed to hide his physique , he looks like a 1920s mobster . 
  well , as with nearly every problem , multiple ` solutions ' arise . 
  perhaps the conditions in egypt were as such that the people left alive were in the position to bring in more slaves from external sources . 
  iirc , christians were not allowed to enslave other christians without their consent ( for example , someone would sign away their rights for an x amount of time in order to settle a debt ) . 
  in north-west europe , there was no access to slaves at the time ( explorations began a century later ) . 
  in the netherlands , we have marktplaats . 
  i imagine every country has its own version , and if not , someone should immediately set it up . 
  my giant talon 27.5 was stolen last year . 
  i rode it up ventoux . 
  i was similarly devastated , and as of yet i have no replacement as i am flat broke and it had been a present from my parents for earning my bachelor 's degree . 
  i can relate . 
  so basically , nationalism . 
  i for one enjoyed reading your exchange with him . 
  thanks about the info on mazzini !, 
  how could i miss victor emmanuel . 
  i see garibaldi and cavour , do n't instantly recognize the other two . 
  i can get behind such a brexit . 
   electrical company  coming to light * nice *, 
  so , if i got this right , we are more or less vikings ? 
  suck it , finland !, 
  e : below be butthurt fins, 
  i 'm just surprised turkey is n't black . 
  ps : f u finland . 
  takes one to know one !, 
  i think i 've been there once as a kid ... 
  you forgot to add president romney , who , in a desperate attempt to not look weak in the eyes of the republican voters , unleashes a nuclear winter unto russia , us ' archnemesis . 
  china attacks the us through the alaskan border , because the nuclear winter froze up the barendz-strait . 
  meanwhile , people hole up inside vaults , to protect themselves from the radiation . 
  50 or-so years later , a baby is born in vault 101 . 
  same as the pvv in holland , or the dansk folksparti in denmark . 
  those are just scaremongers , but they just use words instead of violence . 
  my 2 cents about the golden dawn party is that it will never be a government party . 
  external forces are too great for it to become # 1 in greece . 
  i 'm talking political force , as well as corporate force . 
  a fascist , nationalist government is bad for tnc 's , and they will do everything in their power to prevent that from happening . 
  even injecting money in their opponents ' campaigns . 
   ( operation sledgehammer - the coups ' starting point would have been shooting down greek aircrafts ) sounds like the plot of a bond movie . 
  i shall call it , tomorrow never dies . 
  black is n't a colour . 
  neither is white . 
  an american posting a real-life version of the canadian flag , on r/europe . 
  i 've seen it all . 
  i know posts about ' * oh god , you 're so funny i , upvoted you * ' get a lot of downvotes , but seriously . 
  i rarely upvote comments . 
  yours made me laugh out loud . 
  you deserve it . 
  who was really to blame ? 
  it was the tv , which had been hyping up about the party for a week . 
  they had a crew in the area the whole day . 
  that 's where hooligans are drawn too , they just needed a reason to fight the police . 
  if the media had n't blown the whole thing up , this would n't have been te case, 
  yeah , and that 's the reason why it collapsed . 
  but enough about roman politics . 
  ( i 'm aware i started the topic ),
