  ^ ^ yeah, 
  it 's felix . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  well , they composed a budget for 2012 which would make the deficit below 3 % . 
  there 've been numerous cuts throughout public spending , and the deficit is still 4.1 % . 
  i 'm not saying we are going to sink like greece and now cyprus , i just wonder what the hell they are doing that the deficit is still above 3 % while they did cut a lot . 
  we are probably going to be fine ( aaa-status , fuck yeah ) , but if you start cutting in public spending , they damn better will need some results to show for it . 
  if not , they are hurting the country in the long run . 
  what the fuck is my government doing . 
  how come ? 
  how did you stumble upon this old post ? 
  seriously , i am a dutchman , and i work in a hotel which has a lot of international guests . 
  the only thing i hear is how surprised people are that everyone knows english , at least a rudimentary level of english . 
  same probably goes for scandinavia . 
  its the southern european states which fail to adapt to a second language . 
  sssht , do n't say this oud loudly , the 14-year-olds might go searching for non-defaults ... 
  come back when you are a real nation , belgium . 
  not just two groups of people who dont get along . 
  seriously , have you ever had a conversation with an italian in english ? 
  the italians on reddit are surely the 1 % . 
  the 1 % that is able to comprehend another language . 
  ( other than spanish , a lot of italians know spanish for some reason . ), 
  i 've been studying politics for over six year now ( poli sci major at u. of amsterdam ) . 
  if there is one thing i learned , technocracy gets shit done . 
  i want to believe in democracy , i really do , but objectively , i know democracy is flawed due to a very slow response time to actual problems . 
  he 's not a politician , he 's a banker . 
  he does n't know how to campaign , nor should he . 
  as a democrat , he shouldnt even be in any governmental position . 
  but , as a european , i applaud the changes he brought to italy . 
  i love italy , and i 'd hate to see it going greek . 
  as a dutchman who goes to italy every summer , i have a different answer . 
  i 've scrolled down this thread to reply , so / u/liasions _ dangereuses , this is not a direct reply to you , just a common courtesy to make myself semi-heard . 
  a lot of italian men seem to personify themselves with berlusconi . 
  whether you hate or love him , you have got to respect the way he controlled italy for almost a decade . 
  everybody knew he was a joke , though all italians want to * be * him . 
  i 've got a lot of italian friends ( florence area ) who pose just as ` gangster ' as berlusconi . 
  to them , it does n't matter there 's no real opposition , or that he has a lot of medium power ( the 4th power , which i personally think is rather important ) . 
  berlusconi is the man all italian men aspire to be : rich , powerful , a lot of young girls , and relatively good looking for his old age . 
  from what i know , italians are n't really rational ( in general ) . 
  they vote for the man they like the best , not what 's best for their country . 
  i might wrub some italians the wrong way , please remember , these are my observations from going to italy for 22 years ( and counting ) . 
  i like the country , i really do . 
  but you guys are ruled by emotion , not by ration . 
  you guys are a disgrace . 
  i got the joke a year ago . 
  ^ when ^ it ^ was ^ first ^ posted, 
  a quick scan did n't result in any flags being out of order . 
  christmas eve turkey , roast potatoes/potato casserole , beans wrapped in bacon day 1 rabbit , baked potatoes , salad . 
  day 2 . 
  leftovers , salmon quiche . 
  __ every . 
  damn . 
  year . 
  pff , you also read pink newspapers you pansies . 
  funny this is the top post . 
  [ know who you upvote ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3esaee/immigration_megathread_part_i/ctiwyy5 ) , from this very same thread . 
  go back to stormfront . 
  well said . 
  also ( regarding the op ) , do n't forget , france had a large tendency to communism before and after the war , just like the netherlands . 
  these communists were also resistance leaders during the occupation , and emerged victorious . 
  seeing how they were aligned with the soviets , public opinion at the time was blurred towards communism because they were seen as the `` hero of the common folk '' who `` fought for their independence '' . 
  now i 'm not saying the 58 % for the us is justified , but the truth lies somewhere in the middle . 
  i already had the feeling ops solution was just shifting the problem elsewhere , your comment just confirms it . 
  i think i 've seen that happen in a documentary . 
  it was called `` the expendables '' or something . 
  yeah . 
  put some boots on the ground . 
  but this was actually irl , just a decade ago . 
  it was mainly used to refer to wouter bos . 
  also , * windvanen * . 
  protest is n't an accurate translation . 
  verzet has a much more harsh meaning , stemming from ww2 . 
  which we called ` verzet ' , the english call ` resistance ' . 
  resistance used any means necessary to achieve their goals . 
  these people are equating the refugees with a nazi occupation , inciting violence when speaking of resisting against refugees . 
  it is literally the opposite you are arguing . 
  the police are only trying to prevent violence . 
  they do not forbid people to protest government . 
  they are asking for people not to encourage violent behaviour , of which we had many since people started using ` verzet ' as a phrase against refugees . 
  they are asking people to tone down language , so others might not take it as a call to arms . 
  he was at some point but has lost a lot of ground recently . 
  i do n't have exact figures , but he 's not the frontrunner any more . 
  edit ; guess i was misstaken edit2 : step 1 : post something you read fairly recently to a question someone wants answered step 2 : admit you are wrong when presented with other information step 3 : get downvoted anyway . 
  i 'm not comparing progressive to conservative , but progressive to populist . 
  i 've had a whole discussion on that point already . 
  in the netherlands as well , rich people tend to vote fiscal conservative , but have more of a tendency to be socially progressive than socially conservative ( i.e. 
  liberal vs populist ) . 
  you have to take in account that many people voted in 2012 for either pvda or vvd because they did n't want the other party to win the elections , and abandon their own party because it did not have a fair shot at winning the elections . 
  this is widely seen as the reason why groenlinks was demolished in the 2012 elections , and d66 's results were n't as high as expected . 
  also , yeah , maybe my wording was n't up to par . 
  i was on my phone the whole day ( just got home ) so i did n't feel like elaborating too much . 
  you dont really get my point . 
  i 'm measuring fn with pvv , both right wing , xenophobic populist parties . 
  support for the pvv is low in more rich areas : just [ look at this map ] ( http://www.zorgatlas.nl/object_binary/o14637.png ) . 
  the struggle between pvda and vvd has nothing to do with this , which is basically the same as hollande vs sarkozy . 
  a vvd voter is not neccesarily more aligned with the pvv than d66 . 
  huh . 
  i think it is remarkable that the cote d'azur is almost exclusively fn now . 
  ofcourse , there are some large and poor cities , but there are also a lot of rich areas around cannes . 
  here in the netherlands , rich areas almost always vote more progressive , liberal like d66 or eco like groenlinks .
