instead of ` until today ' , you 're looking for ` to this day ' . 
  does n't quite work with ` ever since ' though . 
  i 'd go full on occam 's razor and say the most plausible is true : stormfront poffin spreads ebola . 
  also , their economy is kinda going down since a few years . 
  which might be the cause of said return of the police state . 
  if all is well , no one complains , but when the economy takes a fall , people want to protest the ones responsible , which in turn causes the authorities to clamp down on dissent . 
  there 's no point fighting if you ca n't win . 
  it 's kind of easy to defeat a country not prepped for war . 
  we wanted to remain neutral again . 
  the hell . 
  you do n't even exist , you 're just a ( badly made ) road to france . 
  how many holes have you dug on our beaches ? 
  i too have seen that top gear episode . 
  this is fairly common banter between us countries . 
  i do n't really care . 
  i heard it is a custom to call you first-born after the prophet to moroccans . 
  it did n't even occur to me that it did n't say that until you pointed it out . 
  i kinda understood what it was trying to convey anyway , so the mislabeling is ( imo ) not really a big deal . 
  it is also worth mentioning that it only refers to the names given to babies of native parents . 
  mohammed for instance was more used in 2012 in the netherlands than daan . 
  nah , italy just goes out fishing . 
  you can only recovery it if new data has n't taken its place though i doubt they did that . 
  especially since stalin . 
  well , they 're attacking journalists that go digging into the kremlin 's dirty underwear drawer . 
  ` western ' journalists might be a bit much , but certainly ` journalists not aligned with the kremlin 's narrative ' might be a better description . 
   the hard drive of the main computer as well as several memory cards with video material had been wiped clean . 
  looks like a targeted attack , aimed at intimidation of western journalists . 
  oh it 's real . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lltzgnhi5f1qzib3wo1_400.jpg ), 
  the same happens in many other countries , my country included . 
  there 's a movement towards populistic right wing politics , fueled by insecureties and financial troubles of the people who scream for harsh measures . 
  certain things that could 've banned you from our parliament twenty years ago , are now widely and seriously discussed . 
  for instance , in the netherlands , there 's now an uproar over ` thought-police ' , people who are somewhat positive towards jihadism will lose their nationality without any due process . 
  at least , that 's what the uproar is about . 
  i really believe the matrix was right in modelling their society after the 1999 world as it was at its highest point then . 
  it 's all down here from now . 
  i 'm not opposed to tusk . 
  i think poland has taken a good course the last couple of years , really improving my opinion on polish peeps . 
  i do n't know how much he 's responsible for that , but as i said , i 'm not opposed . 
  let 's see how much he can do for us europeans . 
  do n't mess with russia 's image . 
  you can buy them in belgium . 
  at least , that 's what we do . 
  i have no data on which stations where supervised , so i give them the benefit of some doubt . 
  they had forms and everything . 
  and these werd volunteers who wanted to heat accurate results . 
  there might be a few trolls among thema , but other than that i see no reason why they would want to skew the results . 
  well , if you win votes from people who hate politics , it is n't too strange that those guys wo n't vote because they hate politics . 
  on top of that , eurosceptic supporters of wilders often dont go to the voting booth , which explains his low result in part . 
  talkin of yourself as a ` real x ' brings with it certain connotations associated with racial hatred and oppressing of minorities . 
  not gon na pull a godwin here , but there are enough examples in which a group that referred themselves this way and suddenly became free of a dictatorship have gone on to fight dreadful bloody civil wars . 
  for instance , the ` real serbs ' . 
  using this rhetoric never ever leads to a stable democracy without bloodshed . 
  your bureaucracy is a fucking joke . 
  your freedom of speech is non-existant . 
  you 're speaking of yourself , a ` real turk ' , as if the rest of the population that does n't identify as a kemalist is inferior . 
  kurds and armenians . 
  get that shit sorted , and then we will talk . 
  i do n't know if percentage change do the data any justice . 
  absolute per capita would be more interesting to see . 
  well , i would hesitate to build roads as well when they average at about 10 billion per 10km . 
  oh , i 'm that 's how most people see it . 
  but what i mean is that whenever there 's a huge conflict of interests ( see : snowden ) , there 's only 2 sides to pick : russian and american . 
  the eu should have a strong political voice , whereas it now is rife with political internal struggles for power and money , mainly fueled by france . 
  it saddens me there is only a ` russian ' side and an ` american ' side . 
  i long for the day there 's a ` european ' side , a time where we do n't hump america 's leg in hopes of a delicious treat . 
  why is there an arrow pointing from the word problem to kim jong-un ? 
  are you * trying * to get banned from / r/pyongyang ? 
   i 'm excellent at german when i 'm drunk . 
  it 's true . 
  german is designed to be spoken drunk . 
  you do n't need to use them . 
  their mere presence is enough to scare of a lot of protestors . 
  now i 'm curious . 
  zlatan did n't . 
  well how about that . 
  quite literally , a win-win situation . 
  til about contronym 's . 
  i did n't even need to look it up , the word describes it perfectly . 
  ( that is , if ` contro ' means opposite , than contronym means that a word means at the same time its opposite . 
  language can be illogical , but sometimes quite logical ), 
  whoops , apparently my english is worse than i thought . 
  edit : it was yesterday i said we needed to condone racism , while i meant condemn . 
  made me look quite the fool , i did . 
  woah , easy there cowboy . 
  it was n't a personal attack . 
  i agree with the purpose of the statement . 
  though that 's a nice fact ~ ~ oid ~ ~ , lets not compare the two . 
  it is however , terrible . 
  is the pic op posted from the latvian embassy in ireland ? 
  i like it . 
  i wish this was a european tradition . 
  shows compassion and brotherhood . 
  nah , we just loosen the ropes and then we 'll float away to greenland , colonizing it for it 's now proper temperature . 
  hiya , austria , remember how much money i sank into apr\u00e8s-ski ? 
  well , me neither , but there might come a time when i want some payback . 
  asylum would do . 
  belgium would like to have a word with you . 
  edit : accidentally woooosh 'd myself .
