  i 'd definitely recommend buying some cheap card to get by like 960 . 
  970 right now is probably the absolute worst gpu to buy for multiple reasons . 
  for quite a long time now buying a 390 gave you similar/better performance for same or cheaper . 
  big part of why 970 performs well are constant driver updates and optimization done by nvidia on game by game basis . 
  expect them to drop this support the moment pascal cards hit the market like they always do . 
  no support for async compute , in several years the card will choke hard in dx12 games ( of course how much will dx12 spread is debatable ) while amd cards will gain some performance . 
  3.5 gb vram might be fine right now but again , in future it could become a big deal even in 1080p , let alone higher resolutions . 
  even not counting the price drop caused by 1070 , once polaris hits it should completely destroy any value 970 had after 1070 . 
  $ 250-300 gpu range will get completely redefined with pascal and polaris so just keep your 280x few more months and ask again once all the cards come out . 
  does the hdd have windows installed ? 
  it 's impossible for me to judge what gpu is `` good enough '' for you because it depends on what games do you play and how do you value fidelity , resolution and framerate . 
  it 's safe the say that you 'll get by far the best value once both pascal and polaris are out on pretty much any gaming gpu ( besides the very high end but at that point you do n't really care about value that much ) . 
  so to get the best gpu for the money , sticking with the 660 until all cards are played is the best decision and i 'd recommend that . 
  if you want to get a gpu to last you 2 years right now , i 'd probably go with 390 but waiting will of course be better in the long run . 
  should be around month for pascal cards to be released ( add few weeks for 3rd party coolers ) and we should learn more about polaris at the end of the month . 
  so yeah , maybe 2-3 months untill all cards are out . 
  assuming same frequency , the 5960x will perform slightly worse than 6700k . 
  xeon would perform a lot worse . 
  the only thing paradox games care about is singlethreaded performance , if you buy a dual core g4400 and overclock it to like 4.7 ghz , you 'll get better performance than you would on a stock 6700k ( of course you can overclock that to the same frequency since it 's the same chip but you get the idea ), 
  unless you need a gpu right now , you should wait . 
  yeah replacing a gpu only consist of switching the actual gpu and reinstalling drivers . 
  it 's not tied to anything else, 
  because you have to pay fees to nvidia if you want to implement it on your monitor so of course it reflects on the monitor price compared to freesync, 
  you can expect polaris in the next couple of months which should be in your price range . 
  yes if you value speed over capacity . 
  depends on your budget, 
  we do n't know how many cards will release yet but it 's extremely likely that they will have cards better than 970 for cheaper ( even after discounts once 1070 bumps the price down ), 
  you need to be more specific what hardware do you run . 
  if it happened after you switched psus it 's obviously a prime candidate for cause . 
  that said , if you 're pc is literally freezing but not crashing it could also be a dying hdd ( unless you have ssd , this is why you need to post specs if you want help troubleshooting ), 
  if you 're planning to overclock immediately you can even go with 6400 . 
  if you 're using win10 and have limited control over updates intel might push a microcode update ( possibly already did as they did with the g3258 but it 's a . dll that you can simply rename all delete so assuming it 's the same it 's trivial to get around it and that was most likely the end of it ) . 
  if you 're on win7/8 you should be fine whatever happens ( since worst case you can just remove the update although i do n't think ms cares about those oses anymore to push anything for intel ) . 
  other than the non-k oc windows 10 update disclaimer , if you 're after price/performance i would n't say there 's a reason not to get a 6400/6500 over 6600k considering all skylake cpus overclock the same . 
  edit : i should also mention that the disclaimer is based on present and up to date information before bunch of people come in and say it 's no longer possible based on a news article from january . 
  i wish there was more details about it but from what i can tell ( aside the win10 . dll that i ca n't confirm because i do n't use win10 ) nothing about the overclocking changed as long as you get the correct bios ( not all manufacturers have one for every board ) . 
  someday i 'll have to try non-k bclk on win10 to see how exactly it works . 
  i doubt there 'll be any more updates ( if there was one in the first place ) based on how they handled the g3258 overclocking and seeing how people read a news article that said intel cracked down on it and since then nobody talks about it ( and people without non-k cpus will outright tell you it 's impossible ) i seriously doubt there will be any additional actions from intel because whether they actually pushed any update or not , they accomplished their goal to stop people from doing it . 
  if it 's possible on win10 now , it 'll always be possible since workarounds will always exist as long as intel is n't able to touch your motherboard remotely ( in future , maybe but we 're not there yet fortunately ) . 
  i wish i could tell you exactly how it is with win10 but i ca n't at the moment ( until i test it or someone with win10 and locked chip reports on it ) . 
  i can only tell you that i 'm running oc 'd 6400 on windows 7 and according to some people that is impossible . 
  in the end it depends whether you value the money or the time you 'll potentially have to spend troubleshooting . 
  for me it was worth it and i 'd never consider buying a 6600k if i had to choose again , but for others that might not be the case and i 'm not saying nobody should buy a 6600k . 
  just make a decision around known facts and not around somebody saying something is impossible . 
  i can confirm that :, 
  they will build construction ships and mining/research stations if they need them, 
  they wo n't colonize by themselves, 
  they will build spaceports but i 've never seen them upgrade it . 
  i think what a lot of people are missing is that the sectors have they own resource pool and their income is equal to have is actually in the sector minus the tax . 
  if people create a new sector from on a fresh planet , overtax it and do n't give it any resources the sector basically only gets several units of energy/minerals per month and pretty much ca n't do anything . 
  only rich and established sectors are able to take new colonies and develop them at steady pace, 
  this . 
  if you have militant ais neighboring you and you are weaker , they will attack you eventually unless you get strong alliance first ( you could argue that they should be even more aggressive , which i assume they are on harder difficulties ), 
  people are also missing the fact that if passive ais make alliances the militant ais are discouraged to declare wars because they are then too weak to attack . 
  this makes everyone look overly passive when it could just be lack of opportunities for ais . 
  i will say that the war ai itself seems a bit lackluster though , especially ai dragging you into wars and then attaching their fleet to yours and waiting for you to win their war . 
  i think it has something to do with the ai having troubles actually invading planets efficiently which is what really counts during the wars . 
  bad starts are what make the game interesting in the long run , since they can still give you a challenge even after having experience with the game . 
  sure , it sucks getting a bad start on your first game and getting rekt but one of the reason why paradox games are so replayable is that the starts are different ( you would get bored very quickly if every start in eu4 was as ottomans and you would n't be able to play an opm . 
  sure , you could say in stellaris this is rng which is bad but even in eu4 same country can be made from relatively easy to almost impossible just based on how the starting alliances and rivals turn out ), 
  if all starts were `` balanced '' , after several games you 'll simply find a formula to beat the ai and the game will never be able to challenge you and you get simply bored . 
  are those truly new options or is it just scavenged tech you did n't check for before ? 
  i do n't know if other people who have robots are safe but if you do n't have them , obviously you are . 
  depends whether it 's empire modifier or pop modifier . 
  pops can lose the tolerance through ethics drift, 
  true but even in eu4 if you pick a certain county , there 's rng in starts that you ca n't effect . 
  for example if you start as france and spain rivals you you 'll have a lot of harder time ( relatively ) as if you could just ally them right off the bat . 
  that 's france though , take smaller nations like byzantium or novgorod that have to rely on multiple rivalries going exactly one their way or it 's basically impossible to survive getting eaten by strong neighbors . 
  it may suck for new players but in the long run it 's a good thing ( that 's not to say that there could n't be an option to have it when you start the game ), 
  yes , in case of stellaris it 's completely random but i 'm just saying that not having 100 % balanced starts simply is n't a flaw in a 4x game because after certain amount of hours played it 's only thing left to give you challenge and variety . 
  when you can gene mod your pops to change their preferred homeworld . 
  be wary doing this as a xenophobe though because at the moment genetically modifying your pops makes them aliens, 
  they attack at -75 relations, 
  integration happens over time ( i think it 's 3/m ) , 1600 just means total cost , you do n't actually need to have so much at a time . 
  edit : and yeah , victory conditions are definitely lacking at the moment . 
  paradox should take a few lessons from endless space , especially regarding ui , starting options and victory conditions . 
  be sure to give them minerals occasionally , sectors that are not well developed are basically too poor to do anything , especially if you take 75 % of the nothing they have for yourself . 
  did you allow sectors to rebuild and not respect resources ? 
  also recruit intellectual governors and put them in charge . 
  does n't seem like it , put 55 planets into a sector and nothing happened . 
  i think reason to have more sectors is if you ca n't connect them or if you want to specialize them differently, 
  unless you 're going to war constantly which drains your energy from maintenance and minerals from rebuilding your fleet , after you reach certain size there is n't much else to spend resource on, 
  yeah i understand they do n't want you to control them manually but in that case they need to give you a lot more options to customize them other than the lock tiles/rebuilding and what kind of building should they spam across all planets, 
  i have n't done a robot run yet so i ca n't answer that , interested in that as well . 
  i do n't think they manage pops at all which is pretty stupid considering it seems like an easy thing to program ( are you materialist/thrifty ? 
  prioritize being in a power plant etc ) and that would be something that realistically reduces micromanagement instead of adding frustration, 
  i have n't played enough for accurate estimate but it wo n't make them lose you credits if that 's what you 're worried about . 
  they will still produce plenty of spare energy, 
  it 's actually repeatable tech so i guess if you play long enough you can have all the planets for yourself, 
  i do n't think you can do it , considering it 's your home world, 
  they are built in the building menu, 
  you should be able to build observer station ( with construction ship ), 
  open planets and sector tab , it shows what planets have what pops . 
  if it 's in a sector you can click on it and expand the sectors ' planets, 
  you need to have policy that allows you to enlighten primitives , then they will become your vassal after you finish doing that . 
  the amount of interaction you can do depends on your ethos , not everyone can do everything, 
  you have to let them disrespect natural resources , then they will manage their food fine . 
  but i agree that they should just produce the food they need whatever you order them . 
  what i expect from `` sectors reduce micromanagement '' : sector will auto upgrade buildings , make sure planet has enough food but not excess , give you the option to let it build buildings somewhat intelligently or let you build them themselves or simply plan out how will the colony eventually fill out the planet with buildings which is pretty much obvious as soon as you colonize it and it would take about 5 seconds per planet . 
  and something that would actually reduce micromanagement - assign pops based on their traits so when someone has +20 % minerals , they should be in a mine and if someone has +30 % physics research , they should be in a physics lab .
