  now , maybe not so much, 
  so far by far the best price/perf among the announced cards, 
  depends on manufacturer . 
  at least asrock and msi boards support bclk oc with their newest bioses , not sure about asus or gb ( of course if they released a custom oc bios for their boards , you can still use that ), 
  generally all bonuses for buildings and ships are applied the moment you queue them , so changing a governor afterwards should n't have an effect . 
  do n't think you can change capital . 
  bottleneck questions are n't a simple yes/no . 
  depends on framerate , resolution and game in general . 
  that said , unless you can seriously overclock the phenom , it 's going to bottleneck most of games, 
  the temps are fine although it seems a bit high for noctua . 
  are your fans running at 100 % during full load and/or are you using the low noise adapters ? 
  you could always clip on 1 more fan if you need more cooling , the dh-14 should n't be a limiting factor for `` normal '' overclocking . 
  well , i5-2500k along with ddr3 is probably the least future proof you can go right now . 
  meanwhile if you get the i3 on 1151 , you get all skylake goodies ( usb 3 , full speed m2 and ddr4 ) and are able to get i7 or kaby lake cpus later on . 
  with a correct z170 board you can also oc the locked i3 ( [ which will by itself perform better than the 2500k ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbygapxiglq ) ) and get faster ddr4 than 2133mhz , which again , gives you a better performance out of the i3 . 
  ddr4 is worth over ddr3 since you 'll very likely be able to use it again in future for a next build and you can get faster frequencies ( with a z170 board ) that help a lot in cpu bound scenarios , although a stock 2133 ddr4 will probably perform about the same as a fast ddr3 ram . 
  from what i 've read people with overclocked 2500ks are basically on the edge of it 's lifespan so 2-3 years for it is kind of optimistic i would say . 
  i think it 's good to invest into a decent z170 board simply because being able to buy faster ram alone improves you performance in cpu bound scenarios , being able to overclock is about the most reliable future proofing you get do on a pc and if you ever want to upgrade to unlocked chip ( from i3 to i7 kaby for example ) you 'll need to z170 board anyway, 
  what kind of 970 deal are you getting ? 
  even for a $ 200 it 's way worse than just waiting for a 480 ( even worst case predictions put it above/on par of a 970/390 , you 'll have no async compute and you 'll have 3.5 gb vram instead of 4 ), 
  if you overclock the 6600k the performance boost will be significant in cpu bound scenarios . 
  so strategy games that are almost always limited by singlethreading would see significant performance increase and i can see your cpu having problem in games like witcher 3 or gta 5 if targeting 60fps . 
  if you 're aiming for 100 + fps the cpu will bottleneck a lot . 
  about new cpu releases , zen 4c/8t is coming out before end of the year and might force intel to drop prices a bit if you 're fine waiting that long . 
  i 'll probably throw out few controversial opinions , but if you want a longer lasting card wait for 1080ti and/or vega . 
  if you do n't want to wait though , a 1080 wo n't be overkill for 144hz , even at 1080p ( and people who tell you otherwise are most likely talking about 60hz ) . 
  keep in mind though that you need strong cpu to back you up at those framerates ( something along the lines of overclocked 6600k at the very least , possibly even i7 for new games that utilize multithreading well like gta or witcher 3 ) . 
  in your benchmarks you can see that in fallout 4 and gta 5 they hit just about 130-140 frames before getting cpu bottlenecked . 
  [ you can look at the benchmarks here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxhhivclbwc ) and see that even at 1080p the 1080 has trouble getting 144hz in a lot of games and it 's not even cpu bottlenecked in most cases . 
  not maxed but of course you can always lower the details as long as your cpu does n't bottleneck you if you want to achieve those framerates . 
  most benchmarks are a bit skewed that they almost always target max/ultra so it 's a bit harder to tell what frames are possible on higher resolutions with dropped details ( of course also depends on the scalability of the game ) . 
  how well will the 2x480 work is hard to say since it will heavily depend on the games . 
  from what i 've heard cf support has improved this year a lot but for dx11 a single card will always be superior solution . 
  in dx12/vulcan games you 're not using cf but a native multi-gpu support ( which means cf issues are n't there at all ) but is up to developer how well they can utilize more gpus and it 's quite likely that it will take maybe a year or 2 before you you 'll get great returns when using multiple gpus in dx12/vulcan games . 
  my explanation might not be 100 % accurate but the issue is that you do n't have native multigpu support in dx11 and so to make sli/cf work you have to do driver optimization for every individual title . 
  not only this gives you additional overhead compared to just the cpu communicating with a single card but as far as i know ( and i might be wrong here ) , sli/cf works on the principle that the cards alternate rendering frames which can easily cause stuttering , as opposed to dx12/vulcan where the workload is divided more akin to a cpu multithreading, 
  1 ) gsync/freesync is a solution to smooth out frame drops and remove screen tearing without the latency of vsync . 
  it works amazing when your fps is fluctuating between like 40-80fps because without it you 'll get noticeable stuttering from halving your framerate ( the more frequent and larger drops you experience , the worse stuttering you get ) . 
  at the same time without syncing the frames with monitor refresh rate you experience a screen tearing which is extremely visible on 60hz . 
  that said , once you get past 80-100 min fps in games , it should be noted that the tearing you get from lack of vsync is less and less noticeable the higher framerates you go and the same is with frame drops ( while 80 to 40 drops will be huge , 200 to 140 fps is n't really noticeable ) . 
  so to sum up , if you 'll be able to consistently get 80 + fps , you 're already dealing with a lot of the problems that adaptive syncs aims to achieve through high refresh rate . 
  of course , it does n't hurt to have it despite that ( nobrainer for freesync , for gsync it 's up to you if the premium is worth it for you ), 
  2 ) afaik current display port version only supports up 4k 60hz , this should be addressed with newer gpus, 
  3 ) yes, 
  here 's a comparison video of a 6700k and and 3770 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdo-j00vutw, 
  there 's pretty good difference even between stock 6700k and a 3770k in games that need a powerful cpu and overclocking makes even bigger difference . 
  a stock 6600k would perform same or slightly worse in games that can utilize more 4 threads compared to the 3770 but once you oc it it runs over a stock 3770k in pretty much everything : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwxncqbe1h8, 
  depends on your temps . 
  a 480 costs $ 200 , even in a worst case scenario it will be faster than a 970 ( while best case it 's faster than a 980 ) and does n't have 3.5 vram and lack of async compute, 
  buying 970 at all sounds like a pretty terrible deal unless you get it for like $ 160 and even then there 's a good chance of a cheaper polaris card coming out and still giving you a better price/perf . 
  all this said , do n't expect 970 owners to sell it for $ 160 though . 
  assuming same refresh rate , probably no . 
  well if you want to do everything not to get bottlenecked , get a 6700k and overclock it . 
  newer games that are cpu heavy and can use all the threads ( gta 5 , witcher 3 , crysis 3 ) make the i7 worth it at such high framerates . 
  the alternative would be 6600k ( or non-k ocing a 6500 ) , you definitely want overclocking for 144hz though . 
  whether it 's worth spending on gsync depends on your framerates . 
  if you keep minimum of 80-100 fps in games you do n't really benefit from gsync that much but it helps a lot below that . 
  for games i 'd get a 6100 over a 6400 . it has very low base clock that unless you want to oc , save for a 6500 instead, 
  wait for 480, 
  did you actually change the refresh rate to 144 ? 
  it will probably struggle to max out recent and future demanding games . 
  if you 're fine with lowering details to get 60 + , sure . 
  if you 're looking at a 900 series gpu , you probably want to wait until polaris . 
  it will have card stronger than 980 ( we do n't know if that 's 480 yet or no although it 's likely ) for a lot cheaper, 
  do n't expect 970 to ever drop down enough to be worth buying ( at the moment we 're talking about $ 160 ), 
  480 will simply make it obsolete and there 's a good chance of smaller polaris cards ( and 1060/1050 ) coming out and making even $ 160 970 too expensive . 
  have an idea what kind of resources the game uses ( ie . 
  is it cpu heavy and can it multithread well ) , resolution and framerate ( higher framerates make cpu the more likely bottleneck while resolution almost does n't matter for cpu but 1440p is considerably more taxing on gpu compared to 1080p ), 
  use something like hwinfo to monitor gpu load , if it is running close to 100 % you 're probably gpu bound . 
  at the same time , if you do n't get a noticeable fps increase by decreasing resolution , you 're probably cpu bound . 
  finally , open task manager and monitor usage of individual threads ( not overall cpu usage ) , if at least 1 of them is maxed or close to that , you 're cpu bound, 
  edit : ram is easiest to determine , open task manager and if you 're close to 100 % memory usage you do n't have enough . 
  also , keep in mind that all games do n't tax both gpu and cpu equally at all times , it 's very possible that with a balanced setup , the bottleneck is shifting depending on what happens in the game . 
  in the same headers you 'd plug 4 pin fans ( there 's only 1 way to connect them correctly ) . 
  the difference with 3 pin fans is that they 're regulated by voltage, 
  if it has enough wattage and the quality is good there 's no reason not to use it until it stops working . 
  the 480 is such a good price/perf that it 's unlikely any price drops will make the older cards good value compared to it . 
  overclocking is only way to increase single-threaded performance of your cpu and for gaming that 's basically the single most important thing regarding ( cpu ) performance . 
  most games that are entirely limited by it ( like strategy games ) also rarely benefit from more than 1-4 threads ( edit : or rather 1-2 threads will get maxed and that limits how well the game runs ), 
  it 's not complicated at all , just a bit tedious while you find a stable overclock . 
  all it takes is increase voltage in bios and a multiplier or bclk ( with that you also need to decrease ram frequency ) and that 's all . 
  stress test until you find a stable oc and you 're done . 
  if you have the hardware needed ( motherboard , psu and cooler ) there 's really no reason not to do it . 
  besides cost compared to atx board no . 
  you only need to install or reinstall relevant drivers . 
  whether your windows install will work depends on your windows license . 
  is this for gaming or real estate ? 
  i would n't recommending it for gaming simply because the 60hz on side monitors will look terrible in games compared the 144hz on main, 
  at the same time , if it 's just for real estate you should just get ips because the worse latency of ips is irrelevant and you get better colors compared to tn, 
  i guess you could look into ultrawide monitors to get some kind of compromise for gaming instead , although i 'm not sure if there are 100 + hz ultrawide 1440p monitors yet, 
  6500 comes with stock cooler that will work just fine unless you want it less noisy or oc . 
  from benchmarks i 've seen so far , 1070 is n't quite powerful enough to max out very demanding recent games ( and future games probably ) at 60 but if you 're fine with lowering details to reach 60fps , it should work . 
  stock i5 6500 should work fine for most games at 60fps . 
  whether you should be overclocking depends if the `` entry cost '' is worth it for you ( in your case you 'd need a z170 board , good aftermarket cooler and sufficient psu ) and how much do you value single-threaded performance of your cores , which is extremely important for some games ( various simulators , strategy games and mmos in general ) because they usually ca n't use more than 2 threads and their performance is entirely limited by 1-2 strong threads . 
  in most games , overclocked i3 will perform about the same as stock i5 while overclocked i5 will perform comparably to a stock i7 . 
  you 're not saving money by this if you have to buy everything to be able to overclock though ( that said a good psu and cooler are great investments that will last you over multiple builds ), 
  faster frequency means faster data transfers . 
  ram also has latency where lower is better . 
  ram frequency in games can give you better performance when you are cpu bottlenecked . 
  no you can use xmp ( to get rated speeds of the ram ) or overclock the ram itself .
