  only issue i can see is to reevaluate if you need a 1tb hdd and optical disk since i 'd recommend getting a 250gb ssd instead of those, 
  if you have a z170 board , probably not . 
  if you do n't have a z170 board you 're limited to 2133mhz . 
  i think you 're overestimating what a 1070 is capable of . 
  a single 1440p 60hz monitor is just about as far as you can push it in recent games , you wo n't have a great time running anything at 4k let alone on 2 4k monitors, 
  as for getting it for $ 350 , it 's definitely not possible right now or any soon . 
  it could be in a few weeks once there are actually enough chips or it very well might not happen before amd comes out with a 490 and the prices will have to lower for it to compete . 
  i mean with z170 you can oc even locked chips and have faster ram which helps with performance in cpu bound scenarios . 
  it 's just a question whether you value the cpu performance ( from both faster ram and possible overclocking ) for the price of the z170 board . 
  if not , save money and get a 2133mhz . 
  well if you want it as a second monitor for real estate , it will work just fine and you can go for it . 
  for games , you 're adding more pixels to render and as mentioned , 1070 wo n't do well if it does anything more than 1440p . 
  not saying playing on both monitors wo n't work on older games but you 'll struggle with recent ones . 
  for a single reference it 's complete overkill . 
  the 6pin reference card ca n't consume more than 180w and a 550w psu would easily power it together with oc 'd cpu . 
  even before the new cards released you never really needed more than a 650w psu for any single gpu setup ( with oc 'd gpu and oc 'd cpu ) and with new generations this will stay the same since you 're getting more power efficiency from the new cards . 
  just nvidia marketing . 
  they release a $ 450 card and expect others to sell better cards cheaper than what they offer ( because the reference is pretty poor ) . 
  they also wanted to release before amd and did n't have enough chips ready which makes it all even worse because why would the chips go into $ 380 cards when they can go into $ 450 cards instead . 
  i think if this was such a huge issue people would n't use giant air coolers in towers with side mounted boards . 
  if you want to feel better about it , get a case where the motherboard lies flat . 
  if it 's for games 1151 will handle sli easily and 6700k is better for games than 6800 + ( better ipc and easier to oc ) . 
  that said if you 're waiting for 1080ti it 's possible zen will be out until then giving you more options . 
  1000w is complete overkill for a desktop pc . 
  even with sli and overclocking of both gpus and cpu , you 're fine with a 750-850w psu, 
  yes you can , the monitors do n't affect each other in any way . 
  as someone who switched his os install over multiple motherboards including a different chipset entirely just recently , you 're really underestimating the ability of windows to deal with new motherboard . 
  only thing you have to do is reinstall relevant drivers when switching the boards ( mainly for gpu , network and sound and boards on same chipset/socket will use the same drivers for some things ) and let the os initialize all the new hardware for few minutes once you first boot . 
  only bsods i encountered was when i went from amd to intel board and kept gpu driver which was easily fixed by running ddu and reinstalling . 
  that said , i 'm not advocating against doing a clean install of os every so often , but aside from the windows licensing switching os install over multiple different hardware setups is n't a big deal . 
  i3 with integrated graphics . 
  if you 're fine with 2fps that is, 
  edit : to answer seriously , best for your buck currently would be either an i3-6100 with a 480 or a i5-6500 with a 480 depending on your budget . 
  i5-6400 has very low stock clocks and you 're better either saving money or paying a bit more and getting one of the 2 cpus i previously mentioned . 
  actually , i was talking about win7 install . 
  i do n't know how win10 handles it although probably better because it has a lot of recent drivers included, 
  most cost efficient is i3-6100 or i5-6500 . 
  i wo n't say it wo n't bottleneck it because that depends on multiple factors but if you 're targeting 60fps you should be fine . 
  if you want to go nuclear against cpu bottlenecking get an i5-6400 and overclock it, 
  edit : and yes , for amd cpus wait for zen, 
  no , it 's the same as it ever was , some manufacturers even `` support '' it with their newest bios updates . 
  and yes , zen has a great potential to be super cost effective even if it will have slightly lower ipc simply because they can save money on igpu and there should n't be any bs price gouging of chipsets like with current z170 boards . 
  probably both or at least heavily overclock the fx-8300, 
  when it comes to motherboards , the sooner you realize that regardless which one you buy you always have a chance to get a faulty one , the sooner you can choose one that fits your needs well . 
  i 've read a lot of newegg reviews on z170 motherboards and if you really wanted one without negative reviews , you 'd never buy any . 
  solid feature-complete boards from each of the big manufacturer around your price range : gigabyte z170 ud3 , asus z170 progaming , msi gaming m5 , and asrock extreme4 . 
  alternatively , get a board from evga and if nothing else , you 'll get amazing costumer support . 
  yes as you can only fabricate claims against countries that generated world tension . 
  you can switch back to democracy once you have the claims or even during the war though . 
  if you do n't take any political focuses the guy will allow you to drift towards what you want insanely fast ( we 're talking a year or 2 max ), 
  the diplomacy system is kind of broken in that once you 're in a faction and ww2 begins , it does n't really matter what happens to you afterwards because even if you switch government , you ca n't be kicked from it and the faction relation bonus is a lot larger than the malus for having different ideology . 
  for example in my spain game britain started drifting my ideology towards democracy , civil war started and i become communist and later on joined comintern once ww2 started . 
  but since britain never stopped drifting my ideology eventually i became democracy again and it really did n't have effect on anything , despite me being a democracy fighting alongside commies against allies . 
  all monitors are lcd nowadays pretty much, 
  you have 3 main panel technologies that each have their upsides and downsides, 
  tn - cheapest , lowest latency , highest refresh rates but it has poor viewing angles that distorts colors on the edges of the screen if you 're looking at the center, 
  ips - best color accuracy but poor blacks and suffers from `` ips glow '' ( dark parts of the screen `` shine '' which is bad if you 're using the monitor at night or watching/playing something with lots of darkness ) . 
  a lot of people go for ips panels since they can have best colors , high resolution and high refresh rate with just somewhat worse latency than tn although the monitors that have everything are very expensive . 
  va - the least popular of the three and some people consider it a balance between the other 2 ( although it is n't really ) . 
  it has the best blacks an generally better colors than tn but worse than ips . 
  that said , it tends to have the worst latency and suffers from `` black crush '' where dark colors can somewhat mush together in some parts on the screen, 
  every technology excels at something and has a pretty big downside to go with it so there is n't a best one , you just have to choose what do you consider most important and what downside do you think would affect you the least . 
  va panel will look the best but tn panel will have better response time and probably be more affordable if you want one with higher refresh rate . 
  you can google ips glow and find comparisons of ips and other monitor types in the dark and decide how big of a deal it is for you . 
  i 've read plenty of posts where people say they would rather have ips glow than the color shifting of tn ( i ca n't say if they actually use the monitor in the dark though ) . 
  it 's really all subjective and without trying it for yourself , i ca n't tell you how big of a deal something is or is n't . 
  edit : and with va it 's similar , i ca n't tell you if the response time compared to tn will bother you or not enough that you 'd rather have the color shift instead . 
  quality of vrm is important for overclocking but if you are n't planning to do that just look for features since in the end that ( and the chipset ) is what makes up the end price of the board . 
  mostly yes depending what exactly do you mean . 
  motherboard will have what it supports listed in it 's spec sheet but a pci-e slot will support any pci-e card or usb 2.0 will support any usb 2.0 device . 
  for psus they will have all cables that you need to power everything included, 
  it wo n't hurt anything but it will be more wasteful and less efficient . 
  it 's a question whether you want your games to look more well , high res or if you want them to play better and look a lot better in motion . 
  i will always recommend 144hz over 1440p simply because i think higher refresh rate has a lot bigger impact on your gaming experience than higher resolution because it directly translates to better gameplay . 
  while reaching 144fps in modern games is hard even at 1080p , even just 80fps looks amazing compared to anything at 60hz and modern hardware will manage that easily in most games . 
  in addition for that , i just do n't think hardware for 1440p is there yet , even a 1070 will only get 50-60fps maxed at modern games, 
  if you ca n't save a lot of money by staying on older platform ( mainly on ram and possibly motherboard ) , there 's little reason not to get a 6700k, 
  well , they do only pull what they need but there are 2 things to understand about psus . 
  the rated wattage is what psu can deliver to your components but since you do n't have 100 % efficient psu , to deliver let 's say 300w you need to draw more than 300w since some of the power is lost . 
  another thing to note is that psus are most efficient at around 50 % load , which means that if you buy overkill psu for your components , it will run at relatively low load and be less efficient ( and have to draw more w from the wall to deliver same power ) than a `` weaker '' psu that will run at 50 % most of the time . 
  you should probably ask that question on r/monitors because i did n't research specific monitors enough to be able to give recommendations on them . 
  i 'd also recommend checking out blurbusters site and get a monitor with good blur reduction if you 're moving to 144hz, 
  honestly i never find online wattage calculators to really have much meaning . 
  sure , they gives you a ballpark but the ballpark is so wide that in the end it really does n't tell you anything . 
  i would n't worry about having a 650w psu at all since the slighter bigger inefficiency should n't really have a meaningful effect on anything ( namely your electrical bill ), 
  you can look through [ these reviews ] ( http://www.tweaktown.com/cat/motherboards/socket-lga-1150/index.html ) to see what kind of vrm various boards have and it will give you good idea what to look for across all z170 boards since manufacturers usually use the same vrm across multiple boards . 
  in general , there are basically 3 tiers of vrms :, 
  lowest tier would be 3 or 4 hybrid cpu phases which are on basically all non z170 boards and the cheapest ( or itx ) z170 boards . 
  these are intended for stock skylake voltages so you should probably avoid anything besides light oc on these boards, 
  then you have the `` mainstream '' 4 hybrid cpu phases doubled to 8 . beside the cheap ones and occasional matx/itx board with 3/4 phases almost everything in the ~ $ 140 to ~ $ 200use these and it 's probably what you what for overclocking while still being cost-efficient . 
  and after that starting at around $ 250 you have the more or less overkill vrms with tons of digital phases that will handle anything you throw at them, 
  of course phases are n't everything so look for capacitators and inductors as well , it 's easy to look at the high end boards from each manufacturer and see what they use on them and then go lower and lower in the price range and you 'll notice when they stop using their best quality components and save money on cheaper boards even if they keep the 8 phases . 
  there should n't be . 
  depends on games you play and how much do you value graphical fidelity compared to framerate, 
  upgrading cpu will give you better frame rates since you can always decrease details to reach at least 60 even with a weak gpu ( and if you make the game look like garbage you can often get 100 + fps easily just carried by the cpu ), 
  upgrading the gpu will let you have better details and higher resolution but in games that ca n't use your 8 threads decently you 'll have pretty terrible framerates that you wo n't be able to mitigate thanks to your very weak single threaded performance . 
  well if you interpret the statement that op will be always at his maximum load and will have 200w headroom then you 're right . 
  but if his load will be 20 % most of the time instead of 50 % that he 'd have with a lesser headroom then it would be more wasterful as i said . 
  edit : meant load , not efficiency, 
  even with overclocking a 650w psu is fine for any single card setup ( including the 300w + amd monsters ) .
