  they are expected to last maybe 20 years , so after that you have to scrap them and make new ones . 
  if you consider all of this then the notion that solar and wind are `` green '' falls apart pretty quickly . 
  unfortunately people usually fixate on small parts of the topic instead of looking at the whole picture . 
  you mine uranium ( currently since it 's the cheapest way to get it , though we could collect it from ocean as well if the demand was high ) , but you get so much energy from so little amount that it 's silly to focus on that compared to anything else we mine in much larger amounts . 
  and downplaying the amount of land it takes to produce a fraction of electricity you could produce in a nuclear power plant is kind of pointless . 
  my assertion was n't necessarily that meltdown is the best thing for nature , rather that lack of people is , [ which is exactly what the excursion zone achieved ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/04/060418-chernobyl-wildlife-thirty-year-anniversary-science/ ) . 
  in a similar way , tide pools around diablo canyon nuclear plant are actually one of the [ most pristine on the west coast ( ~ 15 min in ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi6izpcmiw8&amp;app=desktop ) simply because people are n't allowed to go there . 
  simply put , the best way to preserve nature and wildlife is to leave people out of it , and for that reason , if you want to produce electricity it 's better for the environment if it 's a clean efficient source in a small facility like nuclear than building massive amounts of turbines or solar panels everywhere to get the same amount of electricity . 
   the level that you discount the fallout of nuclear accidents concerns me . 
  it seems callous and not a 30,000 foot view but a misappropriation of what opportunity a disaster might bring . 
  radiation is bad and lethal in high concentration . 
  i 'm trying to be realistic and take into account both sides of coin . 
  i 'm not saying nuclear is perfect , but it 's the safest and cleanest energy source that we currently have and the only viable source to actually provide a majority of electricity for a large nation at reasonable price with current technology . 
  if every country did what france did in the 70s , coal would n't even be a thing . 
  or we could start now , so in 2040 we can phase out fossil fuels in power plants for good . 
  unfortunately , what 's actually happening is people closing nuclear plants , trying to replace them with wind and solar ( which is n't possible without having a fossils backup when they are n't running so you end up increasing fossils accordingly ) while hoping for a miracle in electricity storage . 
  saying i 'm discounting fallout of nuclear accidents just show that you 're completely out of touch regarding how each power source affect the world around you . 
  you 're basically saying that you 're fine with millions being killed yearly because it 's still better than a potential radiation leak that would n't probably even hurt anyone . 
  can you see the disconnect here ? 
  interesting viewpoint , but that 's not really what renewables did in reality . 
  in europe the push for wind and solar in huge installed capacities in countries like denmark and germany have basically saved coal plants plants from closing because they have to keep them open and ready to run when renewables do n't work . 
  otherwise most countries would just have to switch to the other clean source , nuclear , which would easily kill coal because they are safer and cleaner . 
  edit : and that 's ignoring that fossil fuels will still become a necessity for us even if non of them were used for electricity , or even transportation since they are still used for tons of other things like plastics . 
  well you focused on this single question to disagree with him but overall you actually agree with him and argue against the article as well . 
  clearly , the issue with current migration crisis and czech opposition of `` quotas '' has little to do with religion , rasism or xenophobia as other european countries suggest . 
  what they are actually against is being forced to accept people who have no interest in accepting czech way of life and culture ( which includes not being obnoxious about your religious preference if you happen to have one ) , just because currently the migrants happen to be mostly muslims is one thing , but the reaction would be the same if it was anyone else who was clearly threatening to change the society instead of integrating . 
  and frankly , the reason why there are no immigrants is because if you are economic migrant coming to europe and do n't care for local culture either way , why would just choose a relatively poor country when you can freely move 100kms into much richer country . 
  hence the infamous case where one family was actually even granted asylum here but they still left and went to germany regardless . 
  i absolutely agree with what you say , because you probably unintentionally show how completely misused has those terms became . 
  so basically , czechs look down at and mistrust everyone who is unknown to them if they have n't had the chance to get to know them better , regardless of their religion , skin color or nationality . 
  so they approach everyone equally cautiously . 
  and if you treat everyone equally ( whether it 's cautiously or if you 're friendly towards them ) , then clearly that is the opposite of racism and xenophobia . 
  anyway , people love throwing negative terms around and reddit is n't different , but let 's talk about what czechs actually hate : obnoxious people that go out of their way against the norms . 
  and it does n't matter if you 're muslim , black , white , pink , gay , straight , christian , atheist of anything else for that matter . 
  so no , a black person getting funny looks from people around is n't because everyone is racist . 
  it 's because people, 
  look cold/pissed by default ( something about coconut cultures ) and then they look at something unusual . 
  i wear shorts during winter and people look at me weirdly all the time . 
  is it because czechs hate people who wear shorts ? 
  no it 's not , they just are n't used to people using light clothing in winter and so it catches their attention . 
  it was `` news '' made based on post of person complaining on facebook profile of the company . 
  considering you will find someone complaining about anything you want on facebook and calling everyone around you racists for just about anything is so popular today it 's no surprise that somebody made news from it but it 's funny how people take it seriously while pointing out all the `` fake news '' in the same breath . 
   the bit about vietnamese shoes though is rage inducing , especially considering it came from a person of official authority and not a plumber or lidl cashier . 
  i can see why it would seem `` racist '' on reddit but to me it 's more like there being a huge cultural difference in the us/anglosphere and europe , especially eastern and the meaning of racism . 
  how is saying vietnamese shoes any more racist than saying german car , swiss chocolate or italian temperament ? 
  first off it 's not talking about race so we can hardly talk about any sort of racism ( because americans managed to make the term completely meaningless ) , but even if we accept that `` racism '' could be applied to nationalities , why could you say anything from the above but not anything about vietnamese ? 
  it makes sense that us influence and exposure to english media means that there are these clashes but i 'd rather be called racist by people on reddit then end up in a state where i call everyone racist because they stare at me ( ignoring that the old people are n't racist but probably just never saw a black person in real life before so they obviously stare ) but calling countrymen `` african american '' is perfectly accepted term . 
  til being part of a government for several years means `` popping up '' . 
  by their logic the article should 've said babis-like figures popping up in the us . 
  the issue is solar panels and wind turbines are delaying the catastrophe at best since you 're still burning fossils when they do n't work . 
  you could solve the emissions by replacing fossils with nuclear like france but suddenly price becomes relevant again and global catastrophe does n't matter for some reason . 
  it 's just one of another mind boggling actions of cssd which is apparently trying the hardest to achieve a single digit result in the elections . 
  there are several problems with it . 
  the 50k cap is a joke , since cssd is saying that even middle class people who are earning less than minimal wage in western countries are too rich . 
  lot of people acknowledge brain drain being an issue and again , this would chase out qualified people that we lack including doctors . 
  i 'm pretty sure there really is n't a big demand in the population for progressive taxation at the moment . 
  people see that economy is doing well and they 'd probably rather see the taxes already being collected used more efficiently, 
  finally , most people agree that one of the biggest problems of czech economy is extremely complex and inefficient tax system . 
  it needs to be simplified as much as possible and this is going in the opposite direction . 
  either way , it 's extremely unlikely that this proposal will become reality after elections . 
  everyone else except communists are against it now and it 's extremely unlikely this would get more support after elections than it gets now , which is quite little . 
  depends what were you doing . 
  either way you should easily get rid of them manually or with something like ccleaner . 
  are you doing any workloads that can utilize the extra ryzen cores/threads ? 
  if not , it seems like expensive upgrade for little gains . 
  because most people are n't connected to unprotected networks and if you 're worrying about security that much you should n't be using windows 10 either ? 
  if you consider `` upgrading '' to win10 from older os a basic security step to avoid hacking you already failed at basic security and probably have bigger problems to worry about than windows version . 
  germany ( and to lesser extent denmark ) just show that adding tons of renewables to the mix is neither cheap nor green . 
  despite their huge investments in renewables both of the countries are average ( denmark ) to above average ( germany ) polluters and they have by far the highest electricity prices in eu . 
  lowest polluters in eu/europe are norway ( all hydro ) , france ( mostly nuclear ) and sweden ( wind + nuclear ) , all of them having around average to below average electricity prices . 
  so if you want to be green you have to either have favorable geographical location for hydro or you need to have large nuclear capacity . 
  if you think you can be green ( without even talking price here ) with solar + wind , all you 're doing is keeping gas and coal plants alive since they have to be left open for backup . 
  until all these green activists start promoting mass deployment of nuclear reactors to replaces coal/gas plants , all their doing is lobbying for burning fossils . 
  right , so the smart thing to do with nuclear power plants that have been long paid for and would produce cheap and green energy until the end of their lifespan is to close them and replace them with a shitton of subsidized renewables that are n't green , cheap , reliable and require even more investments into the grid . 
  so it 's true that your energy is n't expensive because it 's green , it 's expensive because you closed cheap generation and replaced it with expensive one . 
  which in itself would n't be a bad thing if the goal was n't going green and you 're replacing a green source ( nuclear ) with one that practically is n't ( wind + solar in poor locations backed by coal ), 
  it really tells a lot about our `` right '' that top09 can call themselves a right wing party and people eat it up . 
  how about tanking economy even further during crisis , cirkevni restituce , being mindlessly pro-eu and their 2017 policy is basically `` vote us since we 're not babis '' ( and before babis was in politics it was vote us since we 're not commies , we would totally go into coalition with them though ), 
   and they unlike most of the other parties , they do n't make cheap points of stuff like migration crisis or anti-eu mood with false promises and pseudo-solutions . 
  i do n't know if we 're listening to the same kalousek , but for the past several years his whole rhetoric was attacking babis . 
  do n't get me wrong , babis has to be voted out asap but i think attacking babis all the time for being a commie is as cheap as it gets . 
   ps : if i remember correctly they said ( their words ) that `` they are willing to go find a compromise and go into coalition with any democratic party , which excludes commies and ano '', 
   and you could argue our relative prosperity nowadays is to large extent a result of how he handled the 2008-2009 slump . 
  could you really ? 
  basically all economists nowadays agree that his increase of taxes lead to prolonging the crisis and made us recover slower than everyone around us , so basically he had literally one job and fucked it up . 
  and that 's excluding stuff like increasing various taxes in what was supposed to be right wing government , was for cssd government supported by commies ( and now acting like he 's the biggest anti-communist around ) and as i mentioned somewhere else , passed cirkevni restituce in the single election cycle when kdu was n't in the parliament . 
  i get why people here support top09 so much , but do everyone a favor and if you 're pro-eu , vote pirati and if you are economic right vote svobodni ( and if you 're slunicko vote zeleni i guess but please do n't do that ) . 
  nothing will ever improve when people keep voting `` lesser evil '' because they are afraid of their favourite getting less than 5 % ( decreasing quorum is needed and it 's obviously against the interest of entrenched parties to do that ) . 
  the problem is that people are afraid of voting for new alternatives and with d'hondt method it gives further advantage to large parties over smaller ones . 
  we also have problem with low turnout and lowering quorum would help with that immensely ( as low turnout helps established parties and then you always end up 1/6 of mandates taken by commie hot potato that nobody wants to touch ), 
  it 's hard to make our system any less unstable considering no government lasts whole election cycle already and again , the reason for instability is n't that there 's too many parties in parliament . 
  the issue is that every election gives you really just one `` reasonable '' outcome where the biggest right/left leaning party makes coalition with the `` center '' and the losing side + commies sit out until next election where it switches . 
  the problem is that since it 's so hard to get into the parliament , disappointed voters just wo n't vote and the votes just shuffle slightly to tip the scales on the opposing side with no hope for any significant change ( unless you do hardcore kobliha campaign but then you end up with babis which does n't really help ), 
  while our system is still better than some others ( we could have fptp like britain/us which babis wants and then we 'd be fucked completely ) , the better representation you can get , the better for the voters because less secure parliament seats means bigger leverage for the population against politicians which currently simply is n't strong enough . 
  well that was hard to watch . 
  someone who has trouble differentiating between `` eu '' and `` europe '' is trying to teach others about the benefits of eu and actually believes that without eu there would be no trading and thus war . 
  i have to admit that if i saw everything in black and white like the person in the video who probably thinks it 's either eu or nuclear apocalypse , i would be europhile too . 
  okay ? 
  correlation does n't imply causation . 
  there was also this period called cold war and the reason why there was n't a land war in europe was n't thanks to eu ( or rather eec at the time ) but because both sides of the conflict had nuclear weapons .
