  the only issue might be finding a good private server for someone who did n't play the game before . 
  also private servers usually die at some point ( could be months , could be years but do n't expect to return to have a character to go back to in 5-10 years ) . 
  keep in mind basically everyone switches servers after some time and it 's completely normal since the beginning of the server and the competition there is oftentimes the best times playing lineage2 . 
  good rule of thumb is that you want at least 2k concurrent players , 3k and more being a lot better since it 's virtually impossible to solo in the game and you need a rather large group by modern mmo standards to really do anything lategame . 
  i would say it 's really hard to get into the game if you 're a new player , not only because the controls and graphics reflect that it 's a 11 years old game , but especially because you need to group with people to progress , and also because there is a huge amount know how required to be efficient . 
  there are n't really many guides that will explain the ins and outs of the game unlike , say , wow , and what 's worse , the 3 most played chronicles ( interlude/gracia final , high five ) are pretty dramatically different between each other in balance and endgame . 
  the game is also very time consuming because there are none to little instances so there 's competition for everything and obviously , if you have 6 hours a day to compete for content , you 're at a disadvantage against someone who can farm raidbosses 24/7 . 
  that said , this should n't bother you as a new player but it 's something to keep in mind . 
  also , despite the rather simple mechanics the game is heavily skill based and even few people can come out on top fighting bigger zerg . 
  now saying all of this , if you actually stick to it , learn the game , find a good group of people to play with , i can guarantee you that you will experience something that you simply ca n't find anywhere else ( eve has similar concepts but it 's not really similar in how it plays at all ) . 
  the neverending drama , massive 2 , 3 or even 4 way open world pvp ranging from 18 to hundreds of people , having amazing triumphs or defeats over epic bosses that you 've camped and fought for for hours etc. 
  it 's just something unique that is n't possible anywhere else and there 's a reason people keep going back to the game years after years despite its age . 
  tl ; dr extremely hard to get into the game , but if manage it , completely unique experience that will show you just how terrible is current state of mmos . 
  you 're not really right about the server population , rpg-club launched at the end of the previous year had roughly 10k concurrent players . 
  i have no idea what population is on official servers but i seriously doubt it 's even close to that . 
  in fact the private server population is actually growing as the game gets older . 
  `` golden age '' c5 azure had 3-4k pop cap iirc because the hw could n't handle more . 
  nowadays private servers have not only far better servers to handle the player count , but the game files are almost 1:1 accurate to the original game ( for the longest time everything was based on the leaked c4 pts where almost nothing from newer chronicles worked ) . 
  and that 's without mentioning how official servers are absolutely infested with bots . 
  i 'd definitely not recommend playing lineage 2 on official server and recommend just trying to find a decent private one . 
  the counter was actually around 13-14k . 
  it was definitely 8k + based on how the server was filled . 
  you have to keep in mind that few thousands are offline shops as well but either way , the point is the number of players is way bigger than what private servers had several years ago, 
  does anyone know what 's the music running in the background at around 34:00 ? 
  the 2 huge problems with endless space ui are the complete lack of hotkeys and inability to right click away message boxes ( both features working in endless legend that i played before es , making it even more noticeable ) . 
  there are some other minor issues but the lack of hotkeys is a serious oversight . 
  now this might sound weird , but for me the best ui in a space 4x is actually the one in master of orion 1 . yes , there are limitations like the small resolution resulting in a tiny galaxy window but other than that , menu transitions are extremely quick and everything is 1 or at most 2 clicks away . 
  funnily enough , the `` right click to go back '' that makes endless space/legend uis so easy to navigate is present as well , 20 years earlier . 
  oh and unlike endless space , it actually has hotkeys for everything , including cycling between fleets and colonies . 
  unfortunately it 's so good it really decreases my enjoyment playing master of orion 2 which for some reason has extremely sluggish and overcomplicated ui compared to the original, 
  i do n't know if you 're still reading this/caring but i just want to let you know that while master of orion 1 ui looks dated , it works extremely well , in some ways it 's better than endless space ( namely , it actually has hotkeys ) . 
  right click to go back , menu transitions are instant and everything is 1-2 clicks away . 
  the planets are very easy to manage but even if you do n't do it , they will largely take care of themselves , resulting in the game not really having a micromanagement hell a lot of 4x games suffer from , even later in the game . 
  moo2 is a slightly different story but i thought i 'd try to convince you to try them because even despite the age of both games , they are ( in a lot of ways unfortunately ) still the best thing space 4x genre has to offer and it would be a shame to rob yourself of the experience . 
  also , master of magic is basically the same case except it 's fantasy . 
  just came here to say it 's obvious you have never played patron ( and by the way kripp probably did n't play a patron game in his life either so take what he says with a grain of salt ) . 
  patron has several different win conditions and that makes its various matchups play very differently from each other . 
  in fact it 's one of the very few hs decks that 's not completely one dimensional . 
  try doing what you 're suggesting on ladder and you 'll quickly find out that the flashy warsong frothing otk only consistently happens against few decks ( most notably priest ) but trying to pull it off against anything faster will usually not end up well for you . 
  120gb ssd for high end gaming on this budget ? 
  hdd for games on a high end gaming pc at all ? 
  while buying 7tb hdd for storage total ? 
  even if i had half of your budget , i 'd get at least a 240gb before considering any other storage . 
  seriously it 's 2016 and there 's absolutely no reason to use hdds for anything else besides storing things you 'll never use . 
  meanwhile , ssd is one of the best investments you can make to get a noticeable performance increase in a lot of games . 
  my suggestion ? 
  dump all 3 disks and either get just a 1tb sdd , or get 500mb ssd and invest rest into hdd for `` everything else '' . 
  keep in mind that the bigger ssd is , the bigger performance it has . 
  i understand where you were going with it , the issue is , the logic of having a small ssd for programs and os and that 's it is completely outdated today . 
  i know i 'm an outlier when it comes to a lot of things in pc , but i have a 120gb ssd that i bought several years back when i was deciding how to upgrade my low-mid range pc ( at the time everyone was saying ssds are only worth it when you have money to spare ) and it was by far the best decision i could 've made . 
  in same games ( like mmos ) i would go as far as say they are mandatory but in every game you 'll notice the difference . 
  i 'd go as far to say i 'll most likely never buy a hdd again ( and mind you , for the longest time when my old hdds failed i only had the 120gb ssd alone until recently someone gave me a 200gb hdd ) and rather just invest that money into better ssd . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm extreme case and understand few enthusiasts could live with 120/320 gb of storage and i 'm fine with it because i 'm used to it , but i just want to illustrate that ssds are something that you 'll never want to give up the moment you start using them for everything including games . 
  of course , hdds for storage are still fine , i do n't think they cut it for games anymore though . 
  i have to disagree with this logic , i think unless you get some crazy discounts going with ddr3 and anything older than skylake is just throwing out money for something you 'll never be able to upgrade and use in future . 
  you 'll probably have to buy ddr4 in your future system anyway , so you actually save money in the long run by buying it now and using it later instead buying ddr3 that you 'll never be able to use again . 
  unlike ddr3 , faster ddr4 can also give you a noticeable performance increase in some cpu bound games . 
  i agree with not wasting money on haswell i7 . 
  i 'd also recommend getting a z170 motherboard , it is a bit more expensive but it 'll allow you overclock the i5 to the point that it 'll have same or even better performance in a lot of games than non-oc i7 . 
  just a heads up , in some cpu bound games higher ddr4 frequency can actually make a bigger performance boost than overclocking ( which may or may not stack with the cpu oc itself ) . 
  if you want more info watch i3 and i5 benchmarks from digital foundry . 
  obviously , results will depend a lot in what games you play ( similarly how some games prefer mt performance and others prefer strong st ) , but it 's apparent ram frequency is no longer the thing that makes no difference whatsoever , especially if you 're not going for an i7, 
  edit : also unrelated to that looking at your setup i 'd recommend getting a noctua fan ( or equivalent ) instead of a budget 212 . you 're not really cheaping out on any other part ( except the rams i guess ) so why the cooler . 
  similar as for op , i 'd recommend getting a faster frequency ram , it can make a difference in cpu bound games ( look up digital foundry i3/i5 benchmarks ) . 
  the psu seems to be a huge overkill also . 
  people recommend around 650w max for a single gpu ( titan ) setup with oc ( based on older , more power hungry i7 ) . 
  unless you 're planning to get sli titans/980ti 's in near future , you really do n't need 850w . 
  the ram will work , it will just use supported frequency . 
  that 's like asking if there is a problem from running 30fps games on a 60hz monitor . 
  so the answer is no , quite the opposite . 
  there will still be a huge increase in smoothness and clarity in motion over 60hz monitor when running games above 60fps, 
  yes unless you 're going completely overboard with oc, 
  if you 're getting it for free , probably still worthwhile building a pc around it . 
  you 'll be very likely able to use every part except ddr3 rams and the motherboard in any future pc you use and these parts might cost roughly the amount ( or even less ) that you 're saving from getting it for free . 
  sure , the performance compared to skylake i5 is worse , but it 's still adequate cpu . 
  if you spend some money on a cooler , you 'll be able to oc and increase the performance even more . 
  should definitely work fine for wow . 
  any particular reason for 4790k over a 6700k ? 
  if not i 'd recommend getting skylake instead . 
  you also probably do n't need a 750w psu . 
  funnily enough they 're the same price in my country , now it makes sense why so many people still pick haswell in these lists after checking the prices on partpicker . 
  anyway if it 's for gaming and you want to be cost effective , i 'd still rather recommend ocing a 6600k than getting haswell i7 . 
  i saw the legitreviews review and i ca n't agree with it being better , in fact i found it completely useless . 
  the only thing that the test shows is that if you have an i7 , you 're unlikely to get cpu bound and thus memory probably wo n't be a bottleneck . 
  the fact that they only test 2 games on 1 cpu ( an i7 nonetheless ) gives you very small sample size ( one of them being gta that prefers more cores over anything else , making i7 terrible cpu to benchmark bottlenecks there ) . 
  the other issue is that they only give you average fps which is , again , by itself rather meaningless for testing ram/cpu bottlenecks in games where lowest framerate/frame times is a much better metric . 
  here 's df benchmarks for only ram and oc of i5-6500 and even getting a 2666mhz ram gives you a considerable performance boost in most games https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er_fuz54u0y . 
  here 's another benchmark for i3 without oc and in some games , 500mhz of ram frequency can give you up to 10fps . 
  the df benchmarks not only gives you a lot more info about the actual performance like frametime , but they are also very consistent with the games they test so you can compared different setups across multiple videos . 
  obviously , it depends a lot on games you play , you might play a lot of games on high resolution on high details and make gpu your bottleneck every time , meaning you wo n't get much or anything from a strong cpu and fast ram . 
  at the same time , tons of games still prefer strong single threaded performance and ram speed should make a difference there , or at least compensate for lack of ht/cores in games that prefer them . 
  either way , even if you think the ram speed are n't as important for you , i would say it 's a mistake not getting at least 2666mhz if you 're getting i5 or lower . 
  ssds makes huge difference in everything that needs to constantly load a lot of stuff from the disk . 
  while in some games it might only effect loading times , for something like mmos ( and open world games in general ) , getting an ssd is one of the best purchase you can make to increase performance, 
  not good at using pc part picker but here are my suggestions :, 
  1 ) get an i5-6500 , it 's the most cost effective cpu for games currently . 
  2 ) get at least 2666hz ddr4 ram , faster ram could give you better results in some games but it depends on mb and it would probably be more cost effective to just oc and for that you 'd need more expensive mb . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er_fuz54u0y ), 
  3 ) your psu is complete garbage that should n't be in any pc , also even with oc a quality 550w psu will be fine . 
  4 ) no need for cooler without oc,
