  gpus are coming out right now so there wo n't be anything better for quiet some time . 
  but that 's still like half a year away so it 's up to you whether you want to stick with your cpu so long . 
  yeah , you can go to like 7-8 planets while being penalized . . with 10 limit , you can go to 11-13 with the same penalties . 
  you 're missing my point though , my problem is that the 5 planet limit is completely arbitrary and does n't add anything meaningful to the game . 
  what 's worse , it limits the fun you could have in the midgame ( or in your case , penalizes you for enjoying core aspects of the game ) without giving anything in return . 
  even the popular `` it reduces micromanagement '' argument is false , because when you have 10 planets , the 5 that would be normally the `` core '' do n't need any management whatsoever except when you get a new tech and you have to upgrade 15 buildings per planet because the game does n't have `` upgrade all '' button . 
  even with 10 planets , you 're still actually micromanaging 5 planets on average , except you do so during the whole game . 
  not just in early game before you develop your 5 first planet . 
  and sure , your point is that you can go over limit and be penalized for still having fun past early game . 
  for me , that 's not a good design and that 's why i 'm recommending 10 planet limit whenever i can . 
  in 2 days, 
  2x4 if you have 4 slots , 1x8 if you have 2 slots . 
  i have 144hz monitor with a 270x and consider it extremely worth it . 
  you can always drop down graphical details to get the fps you want as long you have cpu that wo n't bottleneck, 
  is it tedious and unnecessary ? 
  developing colonies is n't tedious , what 's tedious is having to click 15x upgrade button for every planet each time you develop new building tech . 
  the solution is n't limiting you to 5 planets so you only click ~ 60 times but rather having an `` upgrade all '' button so you click 5 times on your `` core '' planets and go back to developing colonies . 
  and unnecessary ? 
  i do n't know , i found that there 's less stuff to do during midgame than early game ( and it 's not just me , midgame `` slog '' is a common complaint ) since you run out of systems to survey and you start having good enough income that there is no longer any decision making with your contruction ships ( in early game you 're choosing between building fleet , developing colonies or making station/outposts/colonizing since you ca n't do everything at once due to low income ), 
  so you lose a most of interesting mechanics and when the game should pick up on the diplomacy and colony development , you simply hit a 5 planet wall that basically removes that aspect from the game completely . 
  so what 's left is diplomacy and research , which do n't have enough depth ( at least at current state ) to replace all those things you 've been doing early game . 
  from my experience with 10 planet limit , i can simply enjoy developing colonies in the peacetime and it 's engaging enough for me to fill the time that 's not spent fighting/researching and generally caring about the rest of the galaxy . 
  without that , the game devolves into a boring waiting game for new techs and occasional war . 
  bombing should be more destructive . 
  at the moment , full bombardment is ethos exclusive and doing it gives you same penalties as purging ( -40 / -100 relations with everyone around you ) . 
  however , while taking any planet in a quick war and purging it may take about a year , destroying a mid-sized colony might take about 15 years of constant bombardment if you 're lucky . 
  buildings get repaired faster than they are destroyed , blockers are pretty rare and if you 're unlucky and hit a growing pop , another one appears and your ~ 15 % chance to kill a pop was wasted . 
  planetary fortification damage scales with number of ships so if you actually want to capture the planet , you 're better off using the safest bombardment with large fleet instead of risking damaging your potential colony . 
  but honestly , damage from bombing is so pathetic that the opinion maluses from other empires are more significant than the 100 minerals you 'll have to spend to rebuild a building or remove a tile blocker . 
  only frequency that 's relevant for the motherboard is the maximum one really . 
  they are listing it for compatibility but any frequency below the maximum range should work, 
  you do if you 're cpu bound . 
  buying a faster gpu wo n't help you with that, 
  the biggest selling point of ack is that they basically put a whole sound card on the board.it does have a wifi but if you do n't really want the sound card , there are boards that will give it to you for a lot cheaper . 
  if you want a step up from the m7 in terms of power delivery for oc and other features ( like more usb ports ) instead of the sound card from msi , take a look at the xpower titanium board instead . 
  i do n't think a pci 2.0 will bottleneck a 1070 , do n't buy a new board for old chipset just because of that, 
  decide on technology first , it will narrow it down a bit . 
  ips will have better colors but if you use your pc during night or play games/watch movies with lots of darkness in them , it has terrible blacks in addition to ips glow and lots of 1440p suffer from backlight bleeding . 
  meantime , if you want va be aware that for gaming , a lot of them tend to have pretty poor latency and va panels suffer from `` black crush '' so when choosing monitors look for these 2 things . 
  in return , va have by far the best blacks from all the 3 main panel technologies . 
  only compatibility issue with a psu would be if it did n't have enough 4 pins for cpu or 6 pins for gpu but this only tends to happen on lower wattage psus , it 's very unlikely a 750w would not have enough for anything that would n't cover a single gpu single cpu desktop requirement . 
  bottlenecking depends on games . 
  a cpu that will never in any case wo n't bottleneck a gpu does n't exist simply from the fact that various games barely care about gpu in the first place . 
  whether your 2600 will get bottlenecked will depend on the games you play , graphical setting and resolution . 
  in general though unless it 's overclocked it will probably bottleneck more than less ( unless you 're playing at like 4k ), 
  as for tw : w , i would hazard a guess that you 're still cpu bottlenecked because the game ca n't properly utilize all your 8 threads , but since i do n't have the game i ca n't test how does it utilize them . 
  you can try lowering resolution and if you do n't see any difference in framerates , you 're definitely cpu bottlenecked . 
  i ca n't really answer that without extensive experience with dacs and this board . 
  you 'll have to ask on some more audio oriented places than this subreddit on how would it compare to various dacs and if it 's worth it over buying one separately since i do n't expect a lot of people here will be able to really give you first hand opinion on this . 
  sorry i meant old cpu socket . 
  also we do n't know how powerful it is yet since benchmarks are n't out yet but again , pci 2.0 16x will be enough for a 1070, 
  one synthetic unofficial benchmark before embargo says nothing . 
  and there is n't nothing wrong with doing it as long as you have enough bandwidth , which as i said , i believe 2.0 16x should have, 
  one thing that people do n't understand about multithreading is that just because a game can use multiple threads does n't mean that that is what really determines performance in the end . 
  most of the time frequency of 1-2 cores is what really determines how well a game runs and after that you have some spread over other threads ( as many as the game supports ) which might sometimes stabilize frame times and most of the times do absolutely nothing ( the i5 vs i7 situation ) . 
  the issue is that let 's say you have 4 threads , 2 will run at 100 % ( that 's the real bottleneck here and can be only mitigated by overclocking ) and 2 will run at 50 % . 
  now if you increase the threads to 8 , thread 1 +2 will still be at 100 % and thread 3-8 will run at ~ 10-20 % . 
  as you can see , even if the game is technically multithreaded and can use those threads , you 're still cpu bottlenecked because the most demanding operations are still only done by 1-2 threads, 
  edit : this is also the reason why an i7-6700k will outperform a 5690x in pretty much every game , even those that are able to use all the threads . 
  i mean , once you get a 1080 you 'll see for yourself how well it does multithreading ), 
  i do n't think you ever mentioned what gpu are you using right now . 
  and as i mentioned i did n't play tw : w ( or any tw game for that matter ) to tell you in what situations it prefers cpu to gpu and vice versa . 
  that said , from a quick glance on requirements for 60fps 1080p ultra , you need a 980 ( not ti ) which is considerably weaker than a 1080 and a i7-4790 @ 4hz which is considerably stronger what a 2600, 
  use hwinfo to monitor temps to determine if overheating is really the issue . 
  after that , if it 's cpu , get aftermarket cooler, 
  no , those are only relevant if you want to use integrated graphics, 
  you could prohibit slavery procreation and keep 1 pop free to spawn new pops . 
  of course this assumes that happiness does n't affect growth rate which i 'm not sure abou since he 'll be very unhappy about being on a planet full of slaves, 
  most likely too much for cpu , gpu depends . 
  get a better cpu cooler, 
  cds are still packaged with almost all hardware but as long as you have internet connection there is n't a good reason to use them instead of getting latest ones from the manufacturers website . 
  yes , they are os drivers . 
  the only trap is not having network drivers on usb stick if you 're reinstalling os and do n't have any other way to connect to internet . 
  as long as they have negative divergence they will eventually end up having only your ethics . 
  no , they become independent . 
  not sure if you get truce with them but if not , it would be most likely a bug, 
  yes although i think it should be fixed in the beta patch, 
  faction support, 
  since even 1080 struggles to get 100fps in demanding games at 1440p , i would n't count on maxing games if you want to get those framerates . 
  here are 1080 1440p benchmarks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf6lpfmckgq, 
  as long as the secondary monitor is n't doing anything gpu intensive , it has basically no effect on performance . 
  when you need lots of cores and do n't care about frequency that much , so pretty much everywhere besides games . 
  well it 's designed that people will dislike that they were slaves , and in your case , they were . 
  and it works . 
  but if the question is whether it should be designed that they do n't care when someone else than the slavers free them , the answer is that it 's probably oversight that should be fixed . 
  nope , the modifiers are only applied when the ship is built . 
  at the moment gene modded primary species are counted as aliens . 
  honestly , i have no idea . 
  so far i played 1 democracy game and only had loyalists that always wanted a single candidate but it did n't reflect in him having overwhelming support or anything . 
  yes , the 5930k would destroy the xeon . 
  to keep it short , watch this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocwwavguftk which compares a 6700k ( 8 threads but individual cores are faster ) , 5820k ( 12 threads but individual cores are slightly slower than the 6700k because it 's older chip ) and 5960x ( same singlethreading as 5820k , more threads ) . 
  as you can see , less threads but faster are preferred by pretty much all tested games ( and generally , this difference gets bigger and biggers in other games , the tested titles are multithreaded pretty well but most games are unable to even utilize more than 2-4 threads ), 
  so applying this to the xeon which has tons of threads but very slow compared to the 5930k , most games wo n't like the 1-2 slow threads of the xeon and run slow while the 40 others will pretty much be left barely used if at all . 
  resolution increases demands for your gpu and is basically irrelevant for cpu so it would n't make a difference . 
  it 's preference . 
  however , instead of getting a 256gb 950 and a 500gb 850 you could just a 512gb 950 pro for about the same price and use that for everything . 
  keep in mind that to fully utilize the 950 pro you need m. 2 that runs at pci 3.0 4x and preferably overclocked cpu for games ( otherwise the ssd will just get bottlenecked by the cpu and you wo n't see big differences over the 850 ), 
  i would but i 'm extremely biased for speed and have very little need for storage ( i upgraded from 128gb ssd that was my sole storage for like 6 years ) . 
  tons of people will tell you that it 's not worth it and i can see their point since as you can see you can get a 1tb ssd for the same price . 
  it 's very likely that it 's the cpu .
