  it 's possible you applied either too much or too little paste, 
  definitely go with skylake , it should have slightly better performance and you 'll very likely be able to keep the ddr4 rams for your next upgrade, 
  what cpu and gpu do you have and do you overlock ? 
  650w enough for any single gpu setup ( like oc i7 with a titan ) so you probably do n't need it, 
  not so much in ddr3 but faster ddr4 will give you pretty good performance increase in cpu bound games . 
  of course , whether you 'll be cpu bound or not depends a lot on your graphic detail settings habits . 
  if you make gpu the bottleneck every time , you wo n't see much difference . 
  however , if you usually lower details in games to get more fps or you play games that are cpu bound in general ( like mmos ) , you might see the increase in basically everything . 
  i5 is the most cost effective cpu for gaming . 
  more cores from i7 will make almost no difference in a lot of games so you 're paying a lot for barely any effect and i3 will choke on cpu heavy games with multicore support ( which admittedly is n't that many yet but when people are building gaming builds , they want to have the potential to run well everything ), 
  so in a nutshell , if you want a gaming build you go for i5 ( or i3 if you 're on a budget ) and overclock it and you get similar performance to i7 for much cheaper . 
  i 'm upgrading this week and have the same setup as you ( oc 'd 965 and 270x ) . 
  what i 'm doing is getting i5-6400 to oc and keeping gpu until at least polaris and possibly pascal . 
  if you wish to upgrade cpu , i think it 's either now or wait until end of year to see what zen offers . 
  ddr4 is also cheap enough that it 's worth buying over ddr3 since you 'll be able to use in several years when uprading . . 
  it 's also worth noting that for gaming , you can always decrease resolution or details to get more fps despite having a weak gpu while you can rarely do anything about being cpu bottlenecked . 
  you can go for i5-6400 / 6500 and oc it for same/better performance and cheaper than both ? 
  not anymore with a z170 board . 
  although the workaround disables some features and bclk is not as straightforward as multiplier oc , you 're saving a lot of money that way . 
  not sure if there are more but these are only 2 i found that test multiple games , remove gpu as a bottleneck and do n't pair the rams with an i7 ( which minimizes cpu as a bottleneck and ram frequency with it ) . 
  what cpu do you have ? 
  depends entirely on what resolution and graphical details are you aiming for . 
  obviously the real world performance gains are questionable but the 3200mhz one will be faster, 
  if you 're fine with tn 144hz monitor , the benq xl series are great . 
  acer has some ips 144hz 1440p monitors although i 'm not sure how good are they at reducing ghosting and how bad is input lag, 
  did he overclock it ? 
  it kind of sound like he does n't have enough voltage . 
  yes, 
  personally i would say no . 
  the only reason to get 6600k is to get the multiplier oc ( instead of just blck now with skylake ) , it 's more straightforward but in the end once you actually overclock you 'll end up with the same clocks anyway . 
  save yourself some money , get 6500 which has the best price/performance without oc anyway and you 'll always be able to oc it down the road, 
  edit : since you 're asking about 6600 , what i said applies even more - you are n't getting multiplier oc and the few hundred mhz better base clocks definitely are n't worth the price . 
  invest the money into cooler instead . 
  next time anyone tells you blck is hard , please just ignore them completely because they have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  the only difference with skylake bclk overclocking compared to multiplier is that you have to decrease ram multiplier afterwards . 
  that 's all . 
  however , you should n't overclock much on stock cooler because you ca n't see temps when ocing through bclk at the moment and it will probably overheat if you go for higher voltages . 
  here 's a tutorial how to do it on gigabyte bios : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7aupyz2koa, 
  you can try `` overclocking '' it with cru . 
  it 's possible it will do 72 or 75hz at 1080p . 
  if it has 4 memory slots , yes you can . 
  that said it will run at 1333mhz and it 's not guaranteed to work ( might not work at all or you might need to increase ram voltage ), 
  yes aftermarket cooler will make it quieter . 
  lower fan speeds in general will make it quieter at the cost of higher temps . 
  without oc the 6500 , with oc 6400 . 
  gigabyte has the most features ( unsurprisingly when it 's the most expensive ) . 
  obviously , whether you actually need those features is up to you to decide . 
  from those 2 i 'd recommend going with 6600k . 
  it 's slightly more powerful and you 'll probably be able to use the ddr4 in your future system making you save some money down the line . 
  yes, 
  i assume you mean you have va ? 
  it works how you set it up in windows . 
  unless you duplicate the image ( useful for comparison purposes ) , you just extend the display which means seamless transition between them . 
  as for getting second monitor , there really is n't any downside beside needing more desk space so why not ? 
  which panel technology should you choose really depends on what you 're looking for . 
  in a nutshell :, 
  tn - cheapest to get high refresh rates , good input latency and blur reduction ( better motion clarity ) . 
  downside is poor viewing angles resulting in color shifting outside anything that is straight in front of you like edges of screen . 
  ips - best color reproduction and perfect viewing angles . 
  generally panels that will get close to the positives of tn ( refresh rates , input latency and blur reduction ) will cost considerably more . 
  downsides are the worst blacks from all 3 types and ips glow which might drive you crazy when using the monitor at night . 
  va - darkest blacks and best contrast . 
  downsides are worst ghosting and `` black crush '' . 
  how to decide ? 
  well , it probably depends on what your budget is and what downside do you consider the worst . 
  that said for games i 'd recommend something that has 120/144hz because your setup will easily get 75 + fps in games and the refresh rates makes everything look better in motion . 
  i 'd recommend getting the 6500 instead of 6600 those few mhzs are n't really worth the price and if you want better performance it would be better getting a z170 board and overclocking instead . 
  yes the sticks are compatible and yes you put them in the matching slots . 
  your psu is complete overkill for that setup . 
  decent 500w psu will be more than enough especially since you 're not overclocking . 
  honestly i 'm not even sure if there 's 120 + hz ips monitor that is n't at least ultrawide or 1440p ( except possibly some overclockable ones ) . 
  and again , be prepared to pay 2-2 .5 times more compared to 1080p 144hz tn monitor . 
  that said even if it 's obviously subjective , for gaming i 'd recommend more hz over resolution every time . 
  lots of people argue you wo n't hit 144hz in modern games anyway but they do n't realize you see the benefit of higher refresh rates starting from 75 + fps . 
  anyway , you can start your research here http://www.144hzmonitors.com/list/ and http://www.blurbusters.com/faq/120hz-monitors/, 
  depends on your temps and airflow . 
  if you do n't oc you most likely do n't need any extra fans . 
  while i would also recommend getting skylake , there are several problems with this . 
  6600 is kind of pointless cpu . 
  either get 6500 for 6600k . 
  there 's little point not getting z170 motherboard at this budget since 1 ) it allows you to overclock even the locked chips down the line 2 ) without it you 're limited to 2133mhz ram which might be a bottleneck in some cpu heavy games . 
  so my changes to this would be i5-6500 / i5-6600k ( depending how much you value multiplier ) , z170 motherboard and 2666mhz ram, 
  since nobody actually answered you ram question , the 2400 cl14 should perfom the best from those 4 ( although whether you 're ever going to see a difference with your cpu is dubious ), 
  point of kits is to guarantee all the sticks work in the dual/quad channel . 
  even if you have 4 identical sticks that did n't come from the same kit ( like 2 sticks from 1 kit and another 2 from another kit ) , there is a chance that there will be some compatibility problems and you might for example need to increase ram voltages a bit to make them work, 
  so yes , it most likely will be ok although it 's not guaranteed like a 4 stick kit would be . 
  the compatibility is guaranteed only for the sticks within kits . 
  however , do n't let that make you paranoid about getting more sticks later . 
  more likely than not , it will probably work even when mixing and matching different brands . 
  ( at worse after some bios tweaking ) . 
  if you buy another kit with same frequencies and timings , you should n't have any issues . 
  quad channel gives you double the potential bandwith but since you 're unlikely to hit the dual channel limit outside of specialized benchmarks anyway , you wo n't really notice the difference anyway . 
  this is only relevant for skylake chips where non-z170 motherboards are limited to 2133mhz . 
  go with the 3000mhz and yes the increased voltage is normal for higher ram clocks . 
  z170 motherboard allows you to have higher memory frequency than 2133mhz . 
  here are some benchmarks what kind of difference does it make https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er_fuz54u0y, 
  in short , if you do n't ever plan to overclock and you 're happy with the slowest ram , there 's little reason to get z170 . 
  in my opinion even if you do n't want to overclock now it 's great to have the option in the future and i 'd recommend having at least 2666mhz ram anyway . 
  if it has the specs i googled , probably not . 
  in theory you could get a better gpu but i 'd be worried about the psu inside and it would be heavily bottlenecked by the cpu anyway .
