  if anything it 's a testament how safe nuclear is when a plant can meltdown after a combination of 2 natural disasters that by themselves killed 16000 people , the meltdown itself was avoidable and despite all of this no one died because of it . 
  how can anyone use that scenario to criticize nuclear is beyond me when wind and solar both kill more people relative to the energy they produce . 
  apparently killing nuclear energy decades ago and then getting like 1 % of your power from solar ( 2/3rds from fossils ) and saying you 're `` on the way to 100 % renewable '' is called progress . 
  yes , you gave a real number . 
  that represents 58 % of produced solar ( = utility scale ) and which has considerable higher average capacity factor than the other 42 % . 
  you 're doing the same thing the writer of the article does . 
  cherrypicking data to make conclusions that do n't reflect reality . 
  article uses total installed capacity while ignoring capacity factor to make it look like solar is growing faster than gas when it 's not . 
  you 're using utility-scale solar averages to show that the average capacity factor is 25.5 % while ignoring residential/non-residential installations that make up 42 % of the installed capacity but are a lot less efficient . 
   you did n't read the article . 
  i did and nowhere is specified that it 's talking exclusively about utility scale installation , except :, 
   solar farms used by electric power companies accounted for 70 percent of total solar industry growth in the third quarter of 2016 , according to the solar energy industries association . 
  which is reflected [ here ] ( http://www.seia.org/sites/default/files/1-1-ussolarpvinstallations2010-q32015.png ), 
  so again , from the total [ installed capacity ] ( http://www.eia.gov/electricity/monthly/epm_table_grapher.cfm?t=epmt_6_01_a ) , those 25.5 % capacity factor only applies to the ~ 58 % which is utility-scale pv and has the technology and location to get that efficiency , the distributed pv which consists of the other ~ 42 % does n't get close to that number . 
  after quick search i could n't find any recent studies on distributed pv capacity factor but if we go by wikipedia , germany 10 % , arizona 19 % and massachusetts 13-15 % . 
  these are n't made up numbers , it 's just a reality of solar that is n't in good locations with tracking , as is the case with roof panels and so on . 
  well since you proved that article is talking specifically about utility-scale , you 're right and my assumption that the article includes residential was wrong . 
  i 'm sorry for the cherrypicking accusation against you and i take it back , unfortunately the renewable discussion got pretty much poisoned by it as seen in most of the article posted here including the one in op . 
  i 'm european so my view on solar and how it 's pushed here is more skeptical since here it gets about those 15 % if that , and the [ best case scenario is the worst case in us ] ( http://solar2u.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/solar-energy-map-worlwide.jpg ) . 
  they definitely make more sense in the form of large plants in the us sun belt although i still think that residential pvs that wo n't get near those 30-35 % are a bit more questionable . 
  but that 's a whole different topic that depends whether us will want to decentralize it 's electrical grid or not . 
  anyway , here 's the most recent us capacity factor data i could find for [ fossils ] ( http://www.eia.gov/electricity/monthly/epm_table_grapher.cfm?t=epmt_6_07_a ) and [ non-fossils ] ( http://www.eia.gov/electricity/monthly/epm_table_grapher.cfm?t=epmt_6_07_b ) . 
  unfortunately it does n't include distributed pvs which would be good to know as well but i can understand that it could be hard to measure . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  unless you 're fine with having electricity for only 15-30 % of the time , you need to include the cost of ability to get power the remaining 70-85 % . 
  once you do that , it becomes obvious that solar and wind are far from free and at best a relatively niche source . 
  and until we can efficiently store electricity they will never be able to be a major energy source without huge coal/gas backup . 
  let 's power a whole continent with 2 power lines coming from africa . 
  surely nothing could ever go wrong . 
  i know this is futurology but some people need a reality check . 
  use of hydro electricity is heavily dependent on geography and anyone who could build large plants already did . 
  norway gets almost all of it 's electricity from hydro and sweden and finland combine it with nuclear to get their power ( with some wind and in case of finland biomass and fossils ) . 
  they do n't use solar because they do n't have enough sun . 
  yes , you could build a solar plant next to a pumped water storage , but it will make the electricity from it so expensive that it will put nuclear to shame . 
  and that 's assuming you actually find a place where you could reasonably build those 2 plants , which is a lot harder than it might seem . 
  you have to build solar farms on places that have the most amount of unobstructed sunlight , which are obviously flat deserts . 
  you need places with height drops to have pumped storage , so somewhere not flat . 
  i 'm not saying these places do n't exist and that it 's not possible to do , but it 's a niche power source at best that 's far from cheap ( let alone free ) and definitely not something you can just deploy anywhere you want for reliable power generation . 
  the utility-scale pv with 10h battery has a capacity factor of 52 % , so you would n't even be able to keep steady electricity supply for a single day . 
  also keep in mind that mentioned price is a best case scenario - a solar farm in a us southwest somewhere in desert that actually gets ~ 30 % capacity factor . 
  you 're not only getting this anywhere besides most sunny places on earth , you 're also not getting this from any other solar besides large farms in good locations . 
  the notion that everyone having a solar panel on a roof and a battery pack at home will end up being `` greener '' and cheaper than just having a grid mostly powered by nuclear power plants for anyone besides people living alone in the middle of a desert if ridiculous and frankly , france is the proof of that . 
  i understand where you 're coming from but in my opinion it 's not a realistic outlook on the capability of solar power . 
  everyone anywhere in the world having a rooftop panel and getting their `` free '' electricity sounds great in theory , but in practice it 's not only just extremely inefficient way of generating power , it actually hurts the reliable power plants that will always be need by our society ( at least until we have a cheap way to store electricity long term which at the moment is sci-fi and not something you can count on ) . 
  the only efficient way of harnessing solar power is building large solar farms on suitable places , which already limits you [ geographically ] ( http://c1cleantechnicacom-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/files/2013/08/3tier_solar_irradiance.jpg ) . 
  if you add inefficient solar rooftops on every home the only thing you 'll achieve is that you 'll get a huge spike of power generation every 2-3 hours a day , which just means that you 're needlessly stressing the grid and hurting power plants that would have no problem providing the power themselves without the rooftop installations , but they have to keep their own production down which costs them a lot of money since you ca n't just turn off your generation with a switch when the sun goes up . 
  this means that in the end , the `` free '' electricity you 're getting for few hours a day and pumping it into the grid makes the steady , predictable and reliable generation from other plants more expensive , makes maintaining the grid more expensive , and if you subsidy the panels ( which you have to because that 's the only way to make them competitive in the first place ) then the only thing you achieve is people building solar ( because it 's subsidized ) and gas/coal plants that are cheap to build and can easily keep generation down when solar/wind plants produce power instead . 
  so in the end you 're not lowering emissions since you have to keep burning fossils as backup and you 're not getting `` free '' or even cheaper electricity because you 're paying more for access to electricity when intermittent sources do n't work . 
  which is why if you want to cut down emissions the only viable way at the moment ( unless you 're norway ) is promoting nuclear energy and only adding renewables where they make sense ( which is far from everywhere ), 
   yes , hence why it would be reasonable to build a larger storage capacity . 
  by adding a bit more storage you are both increasing the capacity factor ( getting more out of the existing panels ) and making the system more robust and useful for actual grid needs . 
  since you bothered to read the report you will have noticed that the 10hr capacity was chosen to create a comparison with thermal solar technologies - not because 10 hours was the optimal amount for a pv + storage solution . 
  yes but then you ca n't say solar + 10h capacity is cheaper than nuclear because it 's clear that if you actually add enough capacity to reach 90 % capacity factor ( same as nuclear plant ) the price will skyrocket out of the graph . 
   yeah , what 's your point ? 
  different places get different insolation . 
  germany gets less than the middle of a desert -- they presumably have to build e.g. 
  30 % more panels than some other more ideal location -- but they still use them . 
  i 'm glad you brought germany since they volunteered to show everyone how replacing nuclear with renewables especially in a place where the solar capacity factor is poor results in a spectacular failure . 
  result is one of the most expensive electricity in eu and burning more coal than before they invested millions to be able to stop using it . 
  it should also be noted that fortunately for germany , the european grid is very robust ( since it was rebuilt after ww2 ) and if they produce huge amounts of electricity they ca n't use , they can sell it to other countries around them , avoiding blackouts they 'd otherwise have . 
   why ? 
  is it news to you that prices have changed with time ? 
  what was the most economical 10 years ago is different from today and will be different 10 years in the future besides . 
  well what is most economical depends on location . 
  for most places unfortunately that is and for a long time will still be coal and/or gas . 
  if you want low emission source ( and you 're not norway ) , it was , is and until we have a long term and cheap energy storage solution ( or fusion ) it will be nuclear . 
  intermittent renewables with current technology simply ca n't be used to power a significant amount of grid and it 's kind of mind boggling why do n't we just switch to nuclear ( which would cause it to dramatically drop in price like we see today with solar ) and we 'd have clean electricity in 2040 ( like france , sweden and finland almost have today ) instead of paying enormous amount of money so we can pat ourselves on the back that in 2040 we 'll have like 5 % of global solar and wind generation while burning even more fossils, 
  it still uses some gas ( shows current as 28 % but it seems that is as a backup for some nuclear reactors because previous years had nuclear at 60 % and gas at 10 % ) . 
  but really , this reinforces my point , we already know how to produce clean electricity and have had for a long time . 
  a combination of mainly nuclear and hydro with small installations of renewables where they make sense . 
  it works , it 's tested and every country of any relevant size that produces clean or almost clean electricity uses this mix . 
  this is why installing solar everywhere while waiting for magical batteries makes no sense , because with current technology you 're investing money into something that ca n't work at a scale you need it to ( which means you have to keep adding more fossil plants to keep up with increasing demand ) instead of just building what we know works and will keep working without an uncertain breakthrough that may or may not solve anything happening . 
   since you seem so concerned about the holistic capabilities of a single source to power a grid , you must realize that that fancy 90 % capacity factor for nuclear plants flies out the window when it becomes the only source ? 
  because nuclear plants ca n't adjust power output rapidly they must necessarily be relegated to baseload power only . 
  you would need peaking plants or * gasp * storage capabilities . 
  turns out pv + storage already has this built in , making it perhaps more suited to handle the needs of a dynamic energy system . 
  i never said anything about using a single source to power a whole grid , so i do n't know where you got the idea that i want to make nuclear the single source . 
  also , most nuclear reactor types can load follow just fine , not sure why you think they have to be used only as base load . 
  my whole point is that we already know how to do clean and reliable energy : start with hydro , nuclear and add small amounts of renewables where they make sense , just like it 's done in sweden , france , finland ( though the latter two still use some fossils ) or norway ( who have enough hydro to cover all their needs ) . 
  the notion that you can replace fossils with solar and wind is currently wishful thinking because the more intermittent renewables you have , the bigger fossil backup you 'll need . 
  yes , maybe in decades we 'll get the magical battery to store this energy in a feasible way without relying on gas/coal , but if that 's your excuse to keep burning more and more fossils while you add some solar here and there in the meantime , then you might as well not bother and wait for cold fusion . 
  per electricity generated , nuclear is actually safer than both wind and solar, 
  basically , sometimes people fall from a wind turbine during maintenance and die . 
  it 's not often , but there are a lot of turbines and they do n't produce much power . 
  meanwhile , nuclear plants produce tons of power and the safety protocols make them incredibly safe , that even if you include chernobyl disaster ( which is n't something that could happen today ) and fukushima ( which actually proves how safe has nuclear become since nobody died from it and no one is expected to die either ) , all of the other plants that produced significant amount of power during all these years operating make it the safest . 
  fear from nuclear is largely irrational , for a good comparison you can take a look at hydro , incredibly safe but a disaster happened in china that killed tons of people which heavily brings down the average . 
  but since people understand a dam breaking but do n't understand radiation , nobody thinks we should n't build hydro plants . 
  well , i understand your logic behind thinking nuclear is safe for humans but maybe not so much for nature while sun and wind will give us eco-friendly energy with little effect on nature . 
  the issue is that in reality it 's more like the opposite . 
  you say fukushima contaminating area around is horrible for nature despite not costing any human lives , but let 's take a look at present day chernobyl - it may sound weird but the plant meltdown was basically the best thing that could 've happened for the nature around it . 
  simply put , people think radiation is terrible for nature but what they do n't realize that humans are far worse for it than any radiation leaks . 
  and since most humans left chernobyl area , wildlife came back and could strive there . 
  so what is considered a huge tragedy for humans resulted in a huge win for nature , simply because it got humans out of there . 
  and with wind and solar it 's works the same way . 
  people imagine solar and wind energy being few panels and turbines you put somewhere and they will provide your electricity forever and you save the earth that way ( yes , i 'm overexaggerating ) , but what they do n't see is the other side of the coin - you need a huge amount of land to make relatively small amount of energy . 
  for example , the wind farm in the article is 256 square miles large and will produce 90mw ( this is when wind blows , about 40 % of the time ) . 
  for comparison , a nuclear plant that will produce 1000mw ( 90 % of the time ) requires around 1-2 square miles of land . 
  to produce the same amount of elecitricity , you 'd need many times more ( in 2 digits ) of these farms compared to a single nuclear plant . 
  and that 's not mentioning that the turbines ( or solar panels ) do n't appear from thin air . 
  you need to mine a bunch of materials , process them and place them on that huge area .
