let me copy paste what 's wrong with the ui in general, 
   have to switch between signs instead of automatically casting them with a hotkey, 
   one of the worst and clunkiest item wheels i 've ever seen that you have to use to access your items because hotkeys are hard, 
   holding a key and releasing it to shoot a crossbow/bombs instead of just being able to equip it like swords, 
   inventory box could be twice the size but instead half of the screen is empty space, 
   lack of any kind of filters for anything , especially alchemy and crafting and the game does n't even remember what categories did you expand or not so you have to go through the whole list every single time, 
   give oil limited amount of charges but the player can re-apply it during combat how many times he wants anyway , except he has to go through the slow ass menu every time to do it . 
  of course when you make the system so retarded in the first place , do n't forget to forbid the player to put the oil in a `` quick '' items slot ( if you can even call the wheel quick ) . 
  of course they could n't either just make the oil have unlimited charges ( you have unlimited amount after you craft it anyway ) , or , you know , have a fucking hotkey for it, 
   menu navigation in general , have to hit escape 3 times to leave a shop window and then say goodbye to merchant instead of just once , include some kind of weird menu with all inventory categories that is literally never useful but adds another escape button to leave the menu , at least here you can use hotkeys for quick opening/closing menus ( that still has some shitty 1 second fadeout instead of just being instant ), 
   can only have 1 quest activate at the time , of course no filters like sorting by time you received it , by level , location , name etc. 
  when you complete the quest it defaults to the main storyline which you very likely do n't want to do when you finish a side quest . 
   of course , enjoy your menu fadeins/outs when you go through your whole quest list and switch between map every time you select another quest to see if it 's anywhere near you or not, 
   witcher sense zooms to like 30 fov with annoying transition that you have to use every time you want to loot anything , oh and enjoy if that chest has a candle on it : ^ ), 
  guess i might as well give it a shot . 
  **  what are you looking for ? 
  playing a healing/support class ( if they existed anymore ) , free or f2p game ( private servers count ) , populated enough so finding a group/lfd is n't problem even beyond primetime, 
  **  what games have you previously played ? 
  **  what is your playstyle ( casual,semi-casual , hardcore ) ? 
  unfortunately did n't find a game i like enough to go back to hardcore like during playing l2 but still have too much time on my hand . 
  **  any preferred mechanics ? 
  basically the only mechanic/playstyle found it modern mmos that appeal to me is healing dungeons . 
  i love meaningful open world pvp but that does n't seem to exist anymore ( meaningful as implemented in l2 , daoc or eve , not like tera or vanilla wow ) . 
  i like actual class variety that goes beyond holy trinity ( not gw2 - that does exactly the opposite and gets rid of any variety by making everyone a dps ) . 
  i love support classes that are more than a dps that has 2 extra buffs . 
  **  anything specific you want to exclude ? 
  anything that does n't at least have a dedicated healer , being damage dealer or a hybrid dps is completely unappealing to me . 
  rift - played it , know about it , ias and great lfd tool ( mentoring ) make it amazing for someone like me , but i 'd like to hear if there are other options, 
  tera - liked it but eu is ruined/dead and it 's not a game i want to play with big latency on us servers, 
  wildstar - did n't particularly liked it 's healing mechanics but waiting for it to go f2p anyway, 
  archeage - not necessarily excluding ( seems to check the open world pvp box ) , but very reluctant to try it because of the infamous p2w cash shop and uncertain if you can actually be a support/healer class , and even if you could , doubt it would work out for someone starting out without any kind of group, 
  lastly , currently trying open beta of cabal 2 and despite many people having negative reactions to it , i 'm really enjoying healing in that game and actually prefer the movement `` system '' / feel to anything i 've played before . 
  unfortunately the game is severely lacking in content and everything besides what i mentioned is basically a broken mess , so maybe in a year or 2 . people say it 's pretty much aion 2.0 but apparently current aion sucks ( and i can see why it would , seeing what ncsoft managed to do with lineage ) , so i 'm not sure if that 's worth trying either . 
  feel free to convince me otherwise though, 
  i disagree . 
  games limit progression because they have nothing else going for them . 
  plenty of games have emergent gameplay , example being lineage 2 already mentioned , where you 're not limited by the game itself but rather by other players . 
  the `` progression '' takes completely different direction when everyone does n't have guaranteed instance every week , when players need to compete between each other to be even able to progress . 
  suddenly the pve is a lot more than gathering once a week to clear that instance and repeat next time . 
  do you want to level up efficiently or kill that raid boss ? 
  well so does everyone else on the server and you better be prepared to fight for it because there is no instance filled with free gear waiting just for you to come and claim it . 
  guess i might as well give it a shot . 
   what are you looking for ? 
  : playing a healing/support class ( if they existed anymore ) , free or f2p game ( private servers count ) , populated enough so finding a group/lfd is n't problem even beyond primetime, 
   what games have you previously played ? 
   what is your playstyle ( casual,semi-casual , hardcore ) ? 
  unfortunately did n't find a game i like enough to go back to hardcore like during playing l2 but still have too much time on my hand . 
   any preferred mechanics ? 
  : basically the only mechanic/playstyle found it modern mmos that appeal to me is healing dungeons . 
  i love meaningful open world pvp but that does n't seem to exist anymore ( meaningful as implemented in l2 , daoc or eve , not like tera or vanilla wow ) . 
  i like actual class variety that goes beyond holy trinity ( not gw2 - that does exactly the opposite and gets rid of any variety by making everyone a dps ) . 
  i love support classes that are more than a dps that has 2 extra buffs . 
   anything specific you want to exclude ? 
  : anything that does n't at least have a dedicated healer , being damage dealer or a hybrid dps is completely unappealing to me . 
  rift - played it , know about it , ias and great lfd tool ( mentoring ) make it amazing for someone like me , but i 'd like to hear if there are other options, 
  tera - liked it but eu is ruined/dead and it 's not a game i want to play with big latency on us servers, 
  wildstar - did n't particularly liked it 's healing mechanics but waiting for it to go f2p anyway, 
  archeage - not necessarily excluding ( seems to check the open world pvp box ) , but very reluctant to try it because of the infamous p2w cash shop and uncertain if you can actually be a support/healer class , and even if you could , doubt it would work out for someone starting out without any kind of group, 
  lastly , currently trying open beta of cabal 2 and despite many people having negative reactions to it , i 'm really enjoying healing in that game and actually prefer the movement `` system '' / feel to anything i 've played before . 
  unfortunately the game is severely lacking in content and everything besides what i mentioned is basically a broken mess , so maybe in a year or 2 . people say it 's pretty much aion 2.0 but apparently current aion sucks ( and i can see why it would , seeing what ncsoft managed to do with lineage ) , so i 'm not sure if that 's worth trying either . 
  feel free to convince me otherwise though, 
  you could ask the same question for quests , why have them ? 
  in the end , you 'll still spend majority of time killing mobs , except half of the time you 'll spend running to quest givers . 
  also , what a lot of people do n't realize is that quests are a big part of what makes modern mmos so antisocial and there are 2 reasons for it . 
  the obvious one is that vast majority of your quests will be balanced around soloing and doable in 1 person , making it possible to level comfortably without grouping up with anyone . 
  now while you might say that being able to be able to level up solo efficiently is a good thing for a lot of players , what makes quests so terrible and antisocial is that you only really want to group up with people who are doing the same quests as you because otherwise there are no rewards for what you 're doing . 
  now consider that the quests tend to be short , there tend to be lot of them , and finally , they tend to have pretty thin level range , so generally even a few level difference already puts you into entirely different quest line , often even zone . 
  so what does that mean ? 
  long term grouping for questing simply is n't worth it . 
  if you find someone who has 2-3 same quests , you complete them together and then you move on since you 're probably going to different npc for different quest . 
  have a friend who 's few levels apart ? 
  good luck grouping up because you both have to do completely different quests . 
  for comparison , in grinding games you just find a spot , invite whoever you need , whether it 's a friend or randoms for faster grinding and stay there together as long as it 's worthwhile . 
  and since small level differences do n't matter and you 're not locked to certain quest , the amount of people you can actually group up with increases tenfold . 
  __ what is it that you think made the old communities so great ? __, 
  games had mechanics that forced everyone into groups . 
  easy as that . 
  unfortunately wow pretty much replaced all of those and while someone who grew up with it ca n't see it , it 's full of mechanics that not just promote selfish play , but actually actively go against group play . 
  and since we all know how wow influenced modern mmos , all or most of these issues plague pretty much everything on the market bar few exceptions . 
  so , what are examples of community-killing features as seen in wow ? 
  __ quests __, 
  a lot of people might find this surprising but what quests do is basically allow solo players to level up without ever or rarely having to group with anyone . 
  what 's worse , because quests have very narrow level ranges , are part of a larger quest chain and tend to be very short , you pretty much never want to group up with anyone unless he 's doing exactly the same quest as you . 
  even if you try really hard and find someone from the rather small pool of players doing the exact same quest , there 's no reason to stick around after you complete it . 
  and even if we 're optimistic and you befriend such player , next day you 'll both be doing entirely different quests so you ca n't group together anymore anyway . 
  __ lack of meaningful openworld pvp __, 
  openworld pvp is one of the best way to bond people in mmos . 
  just like in real life , it 's easier to survive as a group than alone ( in our case , leveling , grinding , gathering and so on ... ) and if people are allowed to kill each other at will , the motivation to group up is high . 
  however , for open world pvp to be meaningful it has to be done right , and that 's where a lot of mmos fail . 
  2 great examples of how not to do open world pvp that come to mind are wow and tera . 
  in fact , i 'd go as far to say that these games do n't really actually have an open world pvp , but rather open world pk . 
  not only the biggest reason to kill others in those games is to grief lower level players ( hardly a pvp ) , but dying has virtually no impact and it 's minor annoyance at best . 
  now take a game that 's considered as one of the best owpvp games ever , lineage 2 . 
  how does it work ? 
  let 's take a look how the game differentiates pvp and pk - normally , your name tag is white . 
  if you attack another `` white '' player , you flag and your name becomes purple for a certain time . 
  if the player hits you back , he flags back becoming purple as well and both of you can now kill each other - pvp without any penalties . 
  if he does n't hit you back , stays white and you kill him , you become red . 
  this is considered pk and as a punishment you gain karma . 
  until you get rid of it ( by killing mobs or dying ) , everyone can now attack you without penalty ( = without becoming purple or red ) .
