  on skylake i think all motherboards share the m. 2 lanes with sata-express ( something you 'll probably never use ) so having m. 2 ssd will have no effect on anything you have in your pci-e slots . 
  for 144hz , having good overclocked cpu is probably the single most important thing you need . 
  you will always be able to decrease fidelity and squeeze more fps out of your gpu but if you 're cpu bottlenecked there is n't anything you can do and even oc 'd 6700k wo n't get you 144fps in the most cpu demanding games out there . 
  i will be the last person to not recommend 144hz ( or anything more than 60hz ) for gaming . 
  even if you get 75fps on a 144hz monitor everything plays and looks miles better than on a 60hz monitor . 
  the 6500 will work for 144hz fine . 
  you might not reach 144fps but if you reach 80 or 100 it 's well worth it and that 's where the overclocking comes in . 
  you going to add that you can adjust the relative position of differently sized monitors in windows . 
  practically , yes . 
  i think some boards on the xeon chipsets ( c232 etc ) allow oc as well but they are n't really relevant . 
  i love how you act like this is some kind of free open beta test and completely ignore it 's actually a $ 40 + dollar product people are paying for to enjoy . 
  i wo n't even comment on defending it as a proof of concept and people not being entitled to get a fleshed out experience . 
  i 'm sorry , since when is the desire to have a product you buy work `` out of nowhere entitlement '' ? 
  and yeah , you 're not acting . 
  you genuinely believe fanboyism leads to better products and that people who criticize products in any way are the bad guys that want paradox to fail when that 's not the case at all . 
  i played some other paradox games on release as well and while i wo n't say none of them were bug-free , they were actually playable and never completely barebones like hoi4 and stellaris are so you could actually enjoy playing them for more than 1-2 games before you realize that even if you wait weeks for pdx to fix the ai , the games lack any depth since they left that out for dlcs . 
  your blind fanboyism is n't helping anyone . 
  it 's better for both consumers and paradox themselves if they release games that are playable on release . 
  marginally worse or same framerates compared to dx11, 
  i would n't say it 's worth the price but at the same time do n't expect price drops . 
  unigine valley, 
  just do n't listen to anyone saying any cpu is overkill for 120 + fps , in modern games that can utilize the threads you will get both avg and min fps increases over an i5 . 
  arguing whether it 's worth the price is fair game but saying overkill just tells you the person never used more than 60hz monitor . 
  edit : i 'd recommend evga g2 650w for psu, 
  passmark is extremely inaccurate benchmark ( i suspect it includes both oc 'd and stock cpus as 1 cpu so they 're basically getting inflated numbers for processors people oc a lot ) . 
  cinebench is way better for comparing cpus . 
  also , while double cores can theoretically mean 2x faster in application that can use all the cores at 100 % , for games a lot more important metric is single-threaded performance ( ie . 
  how fast each individual core is ) once you get past 4 cores/threads because games ca n't utilize all your threads equally and usually can max out only 1-2 threads ( other threads are still useful if they can be used for offloading some tasks but you get huge diminishing returns when adding more threads than 4 in most cases and 8 in the rest ), 
  it 's subjective . 
  i would say wait if you can until amd releases a card to compete with 1070 ( if nothing else then it should bump the 1070 prices to more reasonable levels ) but that might take few months and you might not want/be able to wait so long . 
  if you 're targeting 60fps , not really . 
  if you 're targeting more than like 80-100fps then the answer is yes in cpu heavy games . 
  these are benchmarks with `` only '' oc 'd titan so 1080 will be bottlenecked even harder . 
  right now either i3-6100 or i5-6500 depending on your budget . 
  if you want insane non-k overclocking value you can buy i5-6400 and a z170 board . 
  aside from the 6600k and 6700k for the high end , these are about all of the cpus currently worth buying . 
  not really , mainly because of the gpu and locked i7 is poor choice for gaming as well ( unlocked , oc 'd i5 will work same or better in most of the games and be cheaper ), 
  edit : this is basically the problem with prebuilts in general , you have the money in the wrong places . 
  you 'll also probably get a garbage `` just enough '' psu that you 'll have to change if you want to upgrade a gpu anyway . 
  it was never `` supported '' but it always worked and still does . 
  the thing at play is that 24fps movies are heavily blurred to make frame transition appear smooth and the fact that they are non-interactive . 
  and honestly , 60fps was never some kind of magic number . 
  there 's a huge difference when playing fast faced game like quake at 60fps and 125fps on a 60hz monitor . 
  higher fps always resulted in smoother gameplay , higher refresh rate just gives you the smoother motion with it . 
  depends on manufacturer . 
  asrock and msi support it in their newest official bioses . 
  not sure about gigabyte and asus . 
  and of course the old bioses still work . 
  as usual with prebuilts , money is in the wrong components . 
  psu is bad , gpu is bad and it has no ssd . 
  although the cpu is good by itself , locked i7 is a bad value for a gaming setup . 
  when are you planning the first and second upgrade ? 
  what games do you play ? 
  ssd will improve your windows performance , decrease load times and help with frame drops/freezes/stuttering in games that access the disk a lot during gameplay ( anything open world ) . 
  gpu will simply let you increase graphical fidelity or/and get higher fps if you 're not cpu bottlenecked . 
  if you 're doing the upgrade now , i 'd get the ssd since new gpus are coming out and you 'll only get better deals if you wait a bit more . 
  well , both but if you are looking for at least the 1070 performance you do n't really have much choice right now ( aside possibly cheap oc 'd 980ti ) . 
  if you want best price/perf , i 'd still wait for 480 benchmarks and see how well it overclocks . 
  of course it wo n't hit 1070 performance but it might make it kind of a poor purchase , especially when the prices are so high right now . 
  boot up cs 1.6 or quake 3 arena , limit your fps to 60 and play for a bit . 
  now increase the fps limit to 125 or 250fps , play a bit more . 
  now limit it back to 60fps . 
  after that please delete your comment and next time do n't respond to stuff you have no clue about . 
  they are not a great value compared to regular ssds but if you want the speed over the storage , why not ? 
  keep in mind that for gaming you want to pair it ideally with an overclocked skylake since the ssd is so fast that the cpu actually often becomes the bottleneck when accessing the disk instead of the drive . 
  there 's a slight to moderate difference in cpu bound scenarios https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er_fuz54u0y, 
  while i would n't recommend getting z170 board solely for the ram speeds , it does allow you to oc the locked chips as well . 
  well , it 's almost the best what you can do anyway so yeah , that 's basically what i would recommend . 
  well , cpu ocing does give you noticeable performance if you 're cpu bound . 
  of course , this is n't that likely for 60fps but if you want more than that ( like 80 + ) then cpu overclocking is the only way to alleviate that bottleneck . 
  yeah , people are right you can get a better gpu for the cost of oc ` ing a cpu , the problem is , a better gpu is useless if you are cpu bottlenecked . 
  cpu bottlenecking is also a lot more annoying because it can cause stuttering and it will happen in the intense moments - when you want stuttering the least . 
  if you talk about performance and not graphical fidelity , getting more fps out of your weak gpu is trivial , simply decrease details and enjoy more fps . 
  if you hit your cpu limit , there 's often no way around that ( again , other than ocing ), 
  the z170a sli is a lot better fit for overclocking thanks to better vrm . 
  1 ) evga has excellent customer support which a lot of people prefer even if the card itself might be slightly worse . 
  2 ) i wo n't say there is n't a difference but it is n't a $ 100 difference . 
  do n't use it as a sole reason to get the more expensive display . 
  amazing , multiple people with experience in fast paced competitive games are n't sources but opinionated articles where person says, 
   so to come back to the question of how many fps is enough , in my experience , and for most practical purposes , a framerate of around 60 fps is completely sufficient as a maximum fps . 
  are authoritative sources . 
  speaking of which , a friend of mine who has 60hz monitor and plays trackmania a lot complained to me about screen tearing he gets when he 's playing . 
  recently , he 's has upgraded his ancient cpu and immediately got like 4-5 times more fps in the game ( still on 60hz monitor ) and the first thing he told me when he started trackmania for the first time was along the lines of `` wow , the screen tearing is gone '' . 
  of course , you 'll probably consider this a placebo effect as well , surely everything must look the same after 60fps on 60hz monitor and everyone else is just making stuff up . 
  did some research into z170 vrms ( mainly used motherboard reviews on tweaktown as a resource since the reviewer show pictures and describes the vrms in detail ) . 
  simply put , look at the number of inductors ( the black blocks around the socket ) to determine number of phases and in this case that 's enough to compare them in these 2 cases . 
  of course there is more to vrms than just number of phases like the quality of the mosfets , inductors and capacitators but in this case it 's just the cases of more being better . 
  if we ignore psu where it 's never okay , for other components it 's mostly just a trade off . 
  ( cheap ) cpu - more likely to get cpu bound, 
  ram - reliability , depending on your motherboard speed which affects cpu performance, 
  ssd/hdd - speed and reliability, 
  gpu - very okay if you 're fine with lower graphical fidelity and/or performance, 
  motherboard - pretty safe to skimp on as long as you get features you want ( and importantly , you do n't plan on overclocking ), 
  case - not needed at all when it comes down to it ( no case will probably even give you better temps than a cheap one ), 
  pretty much as you would expect . 
  faster cpu ( single threaded performance mainly ) will make turns go by faster ( assuming it 's not some stupid programming decision like waiting for hidden ai animations instead of ai calculating what to do ) and i 'd expect minecraft will get cpu bottlenecked as well . 
  i do n't know how well either of the game is multithreaded and how much will adding more threads help you , but you can check that in task manager/performance and see loads of individual cores when actions is happening . 
  yeah , screen tearing has nothing to do with frame rates . 
  it definitely is n't a lot less visible with higher fps compared to 60 . of course people do n't actually see a difference , they just start making stuff up when they see the counter in the corner having higher number than 60 . 
  for the data analytics ( i assume you can use all 6 cores on it ) , the 6800k will be better .
