  whether you need to reinstall os depends on which one you have ( ie . 
  depending on windows license as some are tied to motherboard ) . 
  you wo n't lose any files ( unless you 'll be formatting the disk to reinstall os ) . 
  you 'll need to reinstall relevant motherboard drivers ( sound , network ) and you should also reinstall gpu drivers, 
  no and almost all but the cheapest ddr4 sticks already have heatsinks on them anyway so technically they already have its own cooling system, 
  you need m. 2 slot that 's at least 80mm and pcie 4x to fully utilize it . 
  afaik only skylake supports it properly and with older chipsets it probably depends on the board . 
  keep in mind that some older chipsets support m. 2 drives ( and there are pcie adapters to make them work ) but only on pcie 2x so they run at half the speed, 
  if it 's prebuilt it almost certainly means the psu is `` just enough '' for what 's in there and you 'll want to replace it, 
  overclocked 2500/2600k is considered on the edge of being a viable cpu nowadays so it most likely depends whether you play cpu intensive games and how long do you plan on keeping it . 
  cpu bottleneck is n't yes/no question but rather target framerate and games question , if we 're talking 60fps you should be fine though, 
  it depends whether you have retail or oem license ( which is non-transferable ), 
   assuming that your system is still working , right-click my computer and select properties . 
  scroll down to the bottom of the screen and find the product id . 
   the product id should be in the form xxxxx-xxx-xxxxxxx-xxxxx . 
  what are the 3 characters in the second group ( if those 3 characters are oem , then you have an oem version ) . 
  if you mean which chipset then h170 or z170 if we 're talking average gaming pc . 
  those support m. 2 fully on all boards ( maybe with the exception of some small form factor boards but if it has m. 2 slot it supports full 32gb/s ), 
  h110 is cheaper but if it has m. 2 it does n't run at full speed . 
  yes , you 're missing something called `` ipc '' . 
  since the 6500 is a lot newer architecture 1 core of 6500 will do a lot more work than 1 core of 2600 at the same frequency . 
  to put it into perspective , the 8 threads of 2600k are only [ 9 % faster ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/bench/cpu/1029 ) than the 4 threads of a 6600 . and games in general have trouble utilizing more than 4 or even 2 threads effectively which would make the hyperthreading of i7 meaningless and the poor single-threaded performance even worse in practice . 
  however , all of this only comes into play when you do n't get gpu bottlenecked first and in modern aaa games even at 1080p and low target framerates ( such as 60 ) that will happen far sooner than cpu bottleneck . 
  for example even a stock 2500k [ will still do 80 + fps and not bottleneck a 980 in witcher3 ] ( http://www.techspot.com/articles-info/1006/bench/cpu_01.png ) . 
  so as long as you 're targeting 60fps and not primarily play cpu heavy games it should work for you even at stock frequencies , but i 'd still recommend buy a decent cooler and overclocking since coolers in general are a great investment that will last you over multiple builds and make the pc both cooler and quieter ( and faster with oc ), 
  rule # 1 of buying motherboards - ignore user reviews . 
  accept that although they are less reliable than most of other pc components they are a lot more reliable than what reviews make it seem like . 
  just go with one that has the features you want, 
  yes , just make sure you have a way to get a network driver installed somehow otherwise you wo n't be able to download it without the internet . 
  do you have ssd ? 
  if not it sounds like hard disk swapping although i 'm not sure how big issue is it in mobas, 
  you can use os migration software to clone it, 
  not necessarily , it just means that hdd is bottlenecking rest of your system when loading the assets ( it results in a freeze because that 's just how slow hdds are compared to everything else ) . 
  if we 're talking about gaming , definitely the 6600k . 
  a lot of people on this sub would probably recommend you to save even more money on cpu and get a 1070 but i personally strongly disagree with that opinion . 
  i7 has hyperthreading which is amazing for applications that can utilize it ( great example is video rendering/editing ) . 
  however , games generally are n't multithreaded very well and even lots of current games do n't utilize more than 4 and sometimes even just 2 threads . 
  finally despite all this , the games that actually do utilize all i7 threads ( for example witcher 3 or gta 5 ) will be bottlenecked by a midrange gpu far sooner than by the cpu anyway, 
  for cpu download cinebench , for gpu unigine heaven and for ram aida64 . 
  hwinfo to monitor . 
  ram amount only matter when there is n't enough of it , more ram than necessary does n't increase performance, 
  although these results were already out there for some time , it certainly never hurts to have more testing to confirm them . 
  hopefully this will help to dispel the constantly repeated myths around here such as `` ram speed is irrelevant '' and `` a 6500 will never bottleneck anything '' that so many people still cling onto . 
  yes but do n't do it unless you have intention to replace it with a different one, 
  if you have 3 pin fans they can still be regulated by voltage , how depends on your bios/motherboard, 
  it 's not about the frequency ( you can overclock both processors to same frequency ) , but i7 has hyperthreading unlike the i5 . 
  whether this is worth the price depends on your budget , generally people will say it 's not cost effective , mainly because most games either do n't benefit from more than 4 threads or because majority of people play at low enough framerates ( like 60 ) that cpu is n't a bottleneck . 
  that said if you want some benchmarks , a recent reddit post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/5agh8f/skylake_cpu_and_ram_gaming_impact_benchmarked/ ) gives you a decent summary what can you expect from a 6700k compared to a 6600k and i7 does help keeping the lowest framerates higher so it ca n't be said it does n't help . 
  again , whether it 's worth it depends on your budget . 
  also , regarding pcie lanes , if you do n't plan on using multiple gpus you do n't have to worry about it at all since just about every modern board has a 16x slot dedicated for it before you get to lanes for everything else . 
  you can if it 's retail license , if it 's oem it should n't work with a different motherboard, 
  if you only want looks : gigabyte z170 mx gaming 5 ( black/red ) , asus maximus gene ( black/silver/red ) , msi z170m mortar , gigabyte z170m-d3h ( both black ), 
  though if you 're actually overclocking , you probably do n't want to go cheaper than the gaming 5 and for heavy overclocking get the gene ( which is very expensive for what it is , but that 's z170 matx market for you ), 
  recording is more about the cpu so if you 're worried about that , spend the money there, 
  if you mean hardware , hwinfo shows pretty much everything you need, 
  easiest way would be to run linux from a usb stick and get your data that way before reformatting . 
  you should only buy together piece that you need for the pc to work , once that 's working you can keep adding the rest . 
  really you only need to do a `` build '' once and afterwards you can just change and upgrade individual parts pretty much indefinitely . 
  you do n't need a hdd at all . 
  do you need to store stuff you rarely/never use ? 
  sure , get a hdd and put it on there but i would n't really consider it as a vital part of any system that already has a decently sized ( 250gb nowadays ) ssd . 
  100 + fps is n't a waste on a 60hz monitor . 
  higher framerate still gives you lower input latency which is noticeable in fast paced games ( assuming you 're using unlocked framerate ), 
  also , i find the premise of exceeding 60fps on 60hz is bad kind of absurd , since even if we consider that you use vsync , exceeding 60fps is required to actually get a constant 60fps in the first place . 
  lots of people completely misinterpret benchmarks - average 60fps means you are not getting 60fps when you usually want it the most , which is when the action is happening, 
  that said , i do n't argue for a 1070 for 1080p60hz , just disagreeing with your argument against it . 
  the board has hdmi , dvi , vga and diplayport . 
  not sure what your displays have but since you probably are n't using 144hz monitor for productivity there should be no problem using an adapter . 
  edit : seems like you assume you ca n't use dual monitors on intergrated gpu . 
  yes you can, 
  i 'm not entirely sure you can trust that benchmark to troubleshoot your hots fps . 
  that said , is your ram running at dual channel configuration ? 
  looking at the benchmark i 'm kind of dubious you should actually take it seriously to determine performance of your system because the scoring system really does n't reflect anything . 
  what games have you tested at what settings ? 
  what settings do you play hots at ? 
  it could be anything from the ram actually bottlenecking everything else to your expectations being too high but without specific examples it 's impossible to determine much really . 
  6600k when overclocked is great . 
  6700k gives you higher min framerates and in games that can utilize the additional threads it will give you higher fps overall when you 're not gpu bottlenecked . 
  overall it depends on your budget and target fps/resolution . 
  1080p/144hz will see the benefit from i7 a lot more than 1440p/60, 
  here 's a [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/5agh8f/skylake_cpu_and_ram_gaming_impact_benchmarked/ ) with some benchmarks if you 're interest in more, 
  apparently i 'm too late to join the circlejerk so i guess i have to be contrarian today . 
  if you formulate your question in a way that it basically asks whether calling something in a certain way changes how it performs , of course everyone will come in to join the fishing for upvotes in who can find the most snarky way to say `` of course not '' . 
  so let 's get the obvious out of the way : no , calling something gaming does n't mean anything in regards what you actually get in the final product ( maybe besides some kind of color scheme or logo ) . 
  let 's get to the point then . 
  what are you getting by buying a more expensive board compared to a cheaper one ? 
  well i do n't know op , why are you comparing 2 z170 boards when you can get a h110 for less than half the price ? 
  because z170 has more features than a h110 board obviously ( and because intel lacks competition and can get away with making multiple chipsets like that ) . 
  so what makes the more expensive motherboards better than the cheap ones besides the obvious stuff you see as you mentioned ? 
  well mainly the quality of the components used . 
  if we compare the 2 z170 boards you posted , the pro gaming has for example a lot better power delivery compared to the z170-p , which is critical for overclocking . 
  so to put it into perspective , buying a 6600k and putting into the cheapest z170 board to overclock it is equivalent to getting 2 1080s and then buying cheapest 600w psu to power them . 
  will you see a difference when running games games and other tasks ? 
  probably not . 
  until the components slightly degrade and you 'll be getting bsods left and right because you are using components meant to power skylake chips at stock voltage . 
  so yes , you are paying for more features ( which of course you may or may not use ) but mainly you are paying for better components which you probably will be using when you are thinking about the z170 chipset . 
  and going back a bit , for what 's it worth the `` gaming '' brand really just means different color scheme ( and sometimes killer nic instead of a regular one ) but if you think you 're paying for it any more than a `` non-gaming '' board with the same features , you 're not as multiple manufacturers do have rebranded boards and they cost pretty much the same . 
  m. 2 is a form factors for ssds ( replacing sata ) , it has nothing to do with a gpu, 
  compatible probably yes but how well would it actually run ( for example , if booting will be possible ) is questionable . 
  from a quick googling i found [ this ] ( http://www.win-raid.com/t871f16-guide-how-to-get-full-nvme-support-for-intel-chipset-systems-from-series-up.html ) thread which explains how to make it work , whether you want to deal with it is up to you .
