  depends how much you value the performance compared to the storage size . 
  keep in mind that unlike the jump from hdd to ssd , you need a board that utilizes the full speed of the m2 . 
  slot , and you also need overclocked cpu to not bottleneck it and see a performance increase compared to regular ssd . 
  i bought a 6400 and overclocked it to 4.6 ghz for like a 70 % performance increase thanks to being able to oc locked chips on skylake . 
  the biggest extra cost from overclocking comes from the need of having a good cooler and stronger psu . 
  if you 're building a pc from the ground up , of course you 'll be able to get a better price/perf by buying a better gpu/cpu instead of cooler/psu but as i said , in the long run good psu and cooler will last you over multipler builds and multi overclocks . 
  so in the end it really depends whether you want good price/perf from the get go or in the long run . 
  currently with skylake , you can just get a i5-6500 which gives you good stock speeds for decent price and get a z-170 board which will give you the ability to oc in the future and buy aftermarket cooler down the line ( you should always invest in the psu anyway if you do n't have one yet ), 
  what do you mean by pci-e 3.0 only ? 
  if you 're saving somehow bucks on m. 2 ssd you 're probably getting one that ca n't exceed sata speeds anyway, 
  so far the reference 1070 does n't even seem to be that good of a deal so you 're probably not missing that much and should wait for partner cards anyway ( and benchmarks ), 
  in addition to those , crysis 3 is great to push both multicore cpus and gpus, 
  depends on games , depends how will 1070 turn out . 
  better non-k cpu would be overclocked 6500, 
  depends how much stuff the game loads from the disk during gameplay . 
  which generally means anything from no improvements besides load times in `` level based '' games to huge performance increases or elimination of stuttering in mmos and open world games . 
  i ca n't answer what effect will it have on total war though, 
  skylake cpus can be oc 'd on some z170 boards . 
  cards that are n't manufactured by nvidia but rather by other companies that buy the nvidia chip and put it on a custom pcb with custom cooling solution ( example companies are msi or evga ), 
  nobody knows how good 1070 will be because there are n't any benchmarks out and nvidia ceo saying it 's going to be better than titan in one sentence before walking out of the stage is n't a good indicator how will the card perform in reality . 
  research time is based on the amount of pops you have so the more pops , the more you have to output to achieve same research speed . 
  after you research it using `` assist research '' with science ships gives a huge boost to research on planets that already produce decent amount . 
  try to lock down black holes , pulsars and neutron stars since they tend to have big research bonuses if you construct research stations on them, 
  i would n't say that since it depends on your playstyle entirely . 
  more pops just means you research slower . 
  but it also means more resources including research . 
  in the end it depends how you utilize your colonies . 
  frontier outposts are also pretty weak and limited for expanding so you still need to expand with colonies if you want to secure resources from stars and planets . 
  there is no perfect balance because again , it depends on your strategy . 
  for example you do n't need research when you 're able to overwhelm your opponents with outdated ships that you can keep producing anyway thanks to large mineral income . 
  iirc you can get into the fleet designer somewhere in the federation window ( low right corner ) . 
  once you have the design you build the ships in same way as normal ships , they will have federation pre-fix . 
  only president can do any of this, 
  i just want to point out that there 's a huge difference between a good psu and `` strong '' psu . 
  it 's not about getting 800w psu when overclocking , 550-650w is easily enough for almost all systems , but you want one from reputable manufacturer like seasonic or evga that has been well reviewed and you can be certain that it will last you for years and handle anything you throw at it without risking your components . 
  keep in mind that this psu advice applies when buying any psu but the whole point of overclocking is taxing the components more to get better performance and so it 's even more important than normally . 
  you can mod the default core planet limit to 10 ( i think it improves the game in many ways personally ), 
  you can create a sector to put some of the colonies into it and free some core planet slots, 
  and you can also just ignore the penalty which is n't really that punishing at the start of the game and go 1-3 planets over the limit, 
  there is no `` reference non-founder 's '' edition . 
  as it stands , 1070 will cost $ 450 on release with possibly some cheaper variants down the line from boards partners . 
  try changing sata cable and sata slot ? 
  overclocked i3 will actually perform similarly or better in a lot of games than something like a stock i5-6500 because vast majority of games prefer higher frequency to more cores . 
  also , the weaker your cpu is the bigger gains you gain by overclocking . 
  thinking overclocking an i3 will give you `` minimal gains '' means you have no idea how cpu bottlenecking works . 
  possibly . 
  easiest way to determine if the ssd is causing the issues would be cloning the os on another drive and seeing if problems persist . 
  you need to have combat system that rewards smaller fleets and/or punishes large fleets if you want to avoid doomstacks . 
  examples that could achieve this would be area of effect weapons or perhaps a morale system where losses would make your whole fleet weaker ( and various ways to affect the morale ), 
  what you 're suggesting is n't really a solution to anything . 
  you 'll just select 2 fleets and send them into combat instead of 1 fleet . 
  needless to say , there will probably be a dlc addressing or revamping the fleets and combat in general because it 's extremely rudimentary in it 's current form . 
  wiz on blorg stream actually said that there should be clarke `` beta '' out next week ( at the end i think but ca n't remember ), 
  i think at the moment vassals are bugged and they do n't consider their total strength against you . 
  insult fe, 
  i do n't have experience with it but they should ( unless that 's bugged as well ) try free themselves if they think they have a chance to win the war ( so is you start a war with independent empire and start losing the war ) . 
  this might cause a cascade effect of more vassals declaring independence since after you 're at multiple wars the weaker vassals will see you 're weak enough for them . 
  the bug is that even if all of them together are stronger than you , they wo n't ally and attack you since they consider only their individual strength against yours . 
  you already have it, 
  basic malwarebytes do n't give you the option to have background file scanning unlike premium and that 's about the only reason to have another antivirus along with it . 
  personally i 'm using the free version of mb along with mse and in practice , i do n't think i 've ever had mse detect any threat that was n't a false positive . 
  of course , there are other avs besides mse but do n't count on any of them coming up with anything that malwarebytes would n't by itself . 
  whether you need any kind of av at all depends on your browsing habits in general in the first place and if you have a bit of common sense you do n't even need the background protection of the av and malwarebytes premium will already do that for you . 
  do n't buy a 960 when polaris/1060 will be coming out soon, 
  microsoft security essentials, 
  go to options  detection and protection and there should malware protection option , i assume it 's on by default but if it 's not , you can turn it on there . 
  they ca n't revolt and they have bonuses and penalties for various resources, 
  whether you should enslave them mainly depends on your policies and slavery tolerance because if other pops do n't tolerate it they will be unhappy and create factions, 
  if you have slavery tolerance and policy , enslave them . 
  otherwise keep up their happiness to prevent revolts and if they have ethics that are opposite of your policies , focus on getting the ethics divergence into negative, 
  you can click on `` details '' button in the spaceport window, 
  probably both , but polaris should give you vastly better card in similar price range . 
  you need negative ethics divergence on the planet for pops to slowly lose their xenophobe ethics . 
  paper launch should be 27th so anywhere between 0-2 months after that until release, 
  that said since it 's ddr3 memory , do n't worry about long term at all . 
  unless you 're planning on buying used cpu + mobo in future , your next build will use ddr4, 
  for 144hz 1080 wo n't be wasted but you might get bottlenecked by the cpu in a lot of ( or some , depending on what do you play ) games . 
  hwinfo is good for checking pretty much everything in your computer, 
  you can still oc the 6500 with most ( but on all ) z170 boards . 
  if you want future proofing , invest a bit more money into the board and get something like z170 pro gaming from asus or z170 ud3 from gigabyte ( both have alc 1150 ) . 
  it 's a bit more expensive than getting a h170 board but you 'll have a lot more cost effective options to upgrade your system in the future . 
  also , [ ram frequency does make a difference in a lot of cpu bound scenarios ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er_fuz54u0y ), 
  i do n't think it 's worth upgrading at the moment , it 's still a strong chip , the problem with it is that it 's locked as far as i can tell and the extra frequency from oc makes a difference when you need it . 
  however , getting a 6700k is in no way a cost efficient upgrade so i would n't recommend it . 
  simply put , at 1080p 144hz the limiting factor starts to be a cpu , not a gpu but keep in mind this is extremely dependent on the game and ca n't really be generalized . 
  as i said , i do n't think getting a 1080 for 1080p 144hz is a waste , but in some games you 'll get cpu bottleneck long before you hit 144hz, 
  i explained my reasoning in a newer post and i agree it 's a huge waste of money to upgrade it . 
  that said , calling me `` dead wrong '' for saying it will get bottlenecked is , well , dead wrong . 
  [ here are benchmarks comparing stock and oc 6700k to 4790k which is roughly equivalent to ops cpu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdo-j00vutw ) using oc 'd titan x. plenty of games are bottlenecked by the cpu and 1080 is even stronger than a titan x so it will create even more bottlenecks . 
  his cpu bottlenecking a 1080 in some games is a fact and entirely different from saying he should upgrade his cpu ( i did n't even imply he should do that ), 
  it depends on the game . 
  here 's a comparison i posted below https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdo-j00vutw, 
  also , ocing is n't magic . 
  if you tell the hardware to run faster and give it more voltage to be able to , it will run faster and produce more heat in the process . 
  most chips will have pretty good amount of headroom on stock frequencies because when inte/amd are selling them they want them to work with their stock cooler out of the box . 
  in addition to that , most of the chips are same piece of silicon and the stock frequency is there for intel to sell them at different price points rather than cheaper chips not being able to reach that frequency . 
  in fact you can buy a 6400 which has 2.7 stock freq and overclock it to 4.6 ghz or buy a g4400 and do the same and you do get the % performance increase that way . 
  wait for polaris . 
  polaris is targeting midrange . 
  and even if for some reason there was n't a card for your price range , people will be selling their midrange cards for cheaper than you can get them now .
