  this is n't a solution to anything . 
  you ca n't think about replacing combustion engine with electric motors when 2/3rds of the electricity is generated by coal and gas . 
  unless your vision of progress is coming from petrol powered cars to coal powered cars . 
  and where do you think does the energy to recycle come from ? 
  hint : it 's not a solar panel on top of the plant, 
  what title suggest : increase in wind at the expense of coal, 
  what actually happened : gas replaced coal and wind generation actually decreased by 0.5 %, 
  this is the same bullshit like the articles where china building more coal power than all other types of energy combined is somehow portrayed as a win for renewables . 
  i hate to break it to you but if you think renewables are making any strides in next few years in china you 're going to be severely disappointed . 
  china is n't building coal and gas plants just so they shut them down in 5 years and they have to keep building more of them to keep up with the demand . 
  do n't expect coal and gas lowering at all in the next 10 years , quite the opposite . 
  and do n't be so optimistic about renewables either , basically the whole 2012 green is just hydro , they are n't going to be close to big piece of pie even in 2040 , let alone 2017, 
  true but that was n't my point . 
  i 'm not criticizing recycling but the notion that somehow recycling a car and building a new one is somehow better and more efficient than keeping the old one . 
  it 's not and you 're burning huge amount of fossil fuels in the process just like you are when building new cars . 
  this is especially the case when you 're not replacing the old car with some small efficient city car that requires less or same amount of materials but with even bigger and heavier cars ( like suvs and teslas filled with electrics and modern materials ) . 
  this is n't helping you against fossil fuels , it 's hurting you because it just means you need even more energy that they have to produce . 
  `` some plugs '', 
  let 's assume that you build a bunch of multi level garages with plugs and pretty much powerplant-tier output so everyone who goes to work parks there and charges his car while working . 
  do you really believe that 's more `` green '' and economical than just using a train or metro to carry the same amount of people to work ? 
  people are thinking about these amazing solutions that we ca n't do or/and do n't work at the scale we need them to while completely ignoring easier and proven steps to decrease the waste and footprint they produce . 
  even if you hate public transportation and think you need a car , small cars ( even small family cars ) with 1.0-1 .2 l and great mileage exist . 
  people can buy them if they want to help the environment and could 've done so for ages . 
  do they ? 
  nope , they are buying huge hybrids which are n't any better than regular petrol if you drive them like a regular car anyway or they buy a tesla which is powered from 66 % by gas and coal while saying they are helping because any day now the 0.6 % and 4.7 % of solar/wind power will magically ( because that 's what technology is apparently ) become like 50 % of the energy mix of the country . 
  yeah i get it , it would be amazing living in the world where we all have electric cars running on 100 % wind and solar . 
  but this is a completely fantasy and shouting `` the green revolution is here '' every single year while you 're burning more coal and more gas ( but since the gas is replacing coal we can totally pat ourselves on the back at the same time how we are beating coal with new renewables that might get out of single digits in decades at best ) is just being completely blind to the world around you . 
  just wait , maybe once us masters the autonomous car industry they will finally discover public transportation . 
  why people have n't swapped to nuclear is populism basically . 
  people are simply not informed enough and scared of meltdowns and waste , despite nuclear being cleanest and safest even compared to renewables . 
  and since populism stopped the mass reactor production , the cost of building nuclear plants shot up and the huge renewable subsidies means it 's more profitable for companies to just build solar and wind . 
  the reason why coal is used instead of gas is because if you do n't have tons of it domestically ( like iran , france , germany and even china ) , it 's not exactly smart to be energy dependant on gas from russia and middle east . 
  i live in europe . 
  using your logic , every city here was designed around horses hundreds of years ago . 
  you have public transport everywhere to the point that cars are starting to become pointless for good amount of people . 
  explain to me how putting a bus or underground rail in a middle of a medieval city is somehow less difficult than putting it on 1 of the 3 lanes that are already there . 
  and before you bring up population density - this is a moot point because majority of the population is already on the coast in hugely populated centers . 
  i 'm attacking evs because it 's mainly a us project really , and what us is doing is trying to build a house starting from the roof . 
  if it was france or sweden , absolutely - the discussion to replace gas vehicles with evs would be valid ( if we ignore that europe already uses smaller engines and diesels are way more popular than in us ) . 
  but this is n't the case , if like 2/3rds of your electricity production are fossil fuels , and in 2040 your fossil fuel electricity production is projected to be still 2/3 fossil fuels , what are you trying to achieve exactly ? 
  the only thing you 're doing is shuffling the emissions from the car to the power plant . 
  the ev car still has ( slightly ) less emissions than a petrol car ? 
  great , but if more people use more evs , you have to increase the amount of electricity you produce , so you build more power plants ( which , again , will result in a lot more gas and coal plants rather than clean energy ) . 
  per capita emissions in developed countries are stable because we 've successfully exported all our emissions into china . 
  so we can wash our hands how we 're doing `` our part '' while china ( and in future india ) builds more coal plants to meet their increasing energy demands while they manufacture for us . 
  this is n't baseless negativism and it 's not a fantasy . 
  you just have to look outside of the `` energy revolution '' bubble and you 'll see how irrelevant stuff solar really is in the world 's total output ( yes , i read news about the `` progress '' of solar every day like you do so i understand why what i 'm telling you looks like negativism ) and it 's not changing in the next decades . 
  why ? 
  well you claim my negativity is baseless but let 's look at some facts : there are just a few relevant countries to emissions and the rest of the world really does n't matter . 
  china , usa , india in the future , that 's about it . 
  i do n't know about us , but the other 2 countries are n't getting any better with pollution any time soon , quite the opposite . 
  coal is what they have and coal is what they 'll use . 
  globally , the fact that nuclear power plants will be more likely shutting down rather than new ones build means that despite the increased amount of renewables , you are actually losing clean energy overall . 
  even if something insane happened like trump making 50 % of us energy nuclear by 2040s , us is a big polluter but it 's nothing compared to china that will grow more and more . 
  but the trend is the opposite , more fossil fuels , more big expensive cars ( energy-wise to make ) while we are waiting for a miracle in battery technology . 
  and i 'm not saying it wo n't happen , but that is as you said , letting the perfect be the enemy of the good as you are waiting for the perfect battery to store all your renewable energy while fossils around you keep burning . 
  thanks for being a great example of the populism based on fear from nuclear . 
  so the facts : after 50 years of producing ~ 15 % of total world power output in hundreds of reactors with 2 disasters ( chernobyl , which , as you said , was a flawed design that was n't used anywhere since and the only reason it melted down in the first place was communists being communists ) and fukushima , which despite being affected by a tsunami and earthquake that killed 15000 people ( which literally nobody cares about ) resulted in a disaster with a grand total of 0 ( zero ) deaths . 
  and despite all of this , if you count all the deaths resulting from everything related to nuclear power plants , it is still safer and cleaner even when compared to solar and wind power, 
  with these facts known , the rational thing to do is to stop using them and revert back to oil and gas . 
  yes , this makes perfect logical sense and is n't based on populism of politicians . 
  edit to your edit : this is serious grasping at straws if you blame evacuation deaths from event that otherwise killed 15k people and pin it on nuclear power . 
  but i understand because there if you want to stay rabid anti-nuclear there 's not much else you can do besides that when arguing against the safest energy source we have . 
  have you read your source ? 
  it says 1600 people died because of the fatigue , diseases and poor living conditions caused by the displacement from the area of natural disasters . 
  there is absolutely no connection to the nuclear power plant , the title refers to the province . 
  again , stop grasping at straws . 
  if i hate nuclear energy so much that i kill myself today because of it , i 'm not a victim of a nuclear power plant . 
  what the article forgets to mention is that those 9.5 gw installed capacity will run around 15 % of the time so those 8gw of gas will actually mean that electricity production from gas will grow more than solar . 
  considering that solar is still only viable because of huge amount of subsidies , comparing the economics to smartphones is completely off , unless there was a subsidy for buying cell phones in the 90s that i missed . 
  well , i guess i should 've specified that it 's viable only because of subsidies in na and europe . 
  yes , solar is great if whole your country is desert and almost all of your current energy generation comes from gas . 
  and india is projected to grow coal faster than solar anyway so it 's definitely not winning there . 
  india , china and us will be by far the biggest polluters in the future so clean energy is actually losing where it matters, 
  you did n't address any of my points . 
  and not sure what 's your point anyway since what you 've linked does n't exactly reinforce anything you 've mentioned . 
  it actually confirms what i 've been saying : india likely to become new china , coal demand in south east asia is rising , and that it 's very likely that coal demand in china will increase as the energy demand will continue increasing in upcoming years . 
  but i guess replacing old coal plants with new ones ( and/or gas plants , which is happening in china and in other places as well ) is another win for renewables , like every article around here makes it sound . 
  you keep ignoring my points . 
  and outlook is coal for china increasing until 2025 with gas increasing until 2040 . you 're completely blinded by any decreases in coal that you 're missing the fact that both china and india will dwarf electricity production of everyone else in 2040 but will still use more than 50 % fossil fuels to generate it . 
  in the grand scheme of things , the projected solar for 2020 and even for 2040 is basically irrelevant because it 's simply not a feasible way to generate energy in most places . 
  you ca n't take average from utility-scale solar and apply to all solar generated in the country when it 's just [ 58 % ] ( http://euanmearns.com/solar-pv-capacity-factors-in-the-us-the-eia-data/ ) of total installed solar capacity . 
  as shown from your study , to actually get to the ~ 30 % capacity factor for utility-scale solar , you need to build it in one of the 5 south-west states and you need tilting technology to maximize the exposure to the sun . 
  you only get 25.5 % average because obviously most investors will do this to maximize their profits from the plants . 
  the problem is , almost half of the installed capacity is n't utility scale solar , it 's commerical/residential solar ( so roof installations ) which needless to say , wo n't be in an ideal geographical position unless the person happens to live in the place and the roof panels obviously wo n't have tracking either . 
  which will bring the capacity factors down to maybe those 15 % . 
  so you 're right that for us the 15 % figure might be too low , except you go the opposite way and use 25.5 % figure which is n't correct either when you do n't ignore roughly half of the installed capacity . 
  so if we use optimistic 20 % solar capacity factor in the us , you 'll end up with more than double the production of gas compared to solar , and your whole argument boils down to `` double is less than much more '' . 
  if you want to go with that , go ahead but i do n't think that 's worth of a `` solar looks to outpace natural gas '' headline when it 's clear natural gas is outpacing solar instead . 
  or , you need to stop falling for obvious publicity stunts . 
   `` the move to renewable energy has been seamless , '' mayor carolyn g. goodman said in a statement . 
  `` the city of las vegas has long been a leader in sustainability , and becoming the first large city in the country to rely on 100 percent renewable energy [ for city-owned buildings ] is an incredible accomplishment that sets a great example for our residents and businesses . '', 
   of course , the restaurants , casinos and homes in las vegas still mostly get their power from plants that run on traditional fossil fuels . 
  nevada as a whole relies heavily on gas and coal for its power generation -- 63.9 percent of its energy comes from petroleum , and 18.2 percent comes from coal . 
  about 18 percent of the state 's energy comes from renewable sources like geothermal , solar and hydroelectric energy , according to colorado state university/the nature conservancy 's energy tracking tool . 
  so basically , they are still using the grid powered mostly by fossil fuels just like they were doing before except now they say that the electricity that comes into their own buildings ( which will probably be laughable amount compared to the rest of lv ) is the electricity generated by solar . 
  needless to say , the solar power stays in the grid just for them until night so they can keep the lights on when solar is n't working , of course . 
  this is n't how electrical grid works . 
  it 's like if i was living in poland which gets almost all electricity from coal but because i 'm on the same grid with norway i can just say that the electricity in my house comes from a norwegian hydro plant and thus my house is running on clean 100 % renewable energy . 
  you realize fukushima resulted in 0 deaths right ?
