  unless you 're planning to cf something a lot more power hungry than a 480 you do n't need 750w . 
  also get something like evga 650w g2, 
  that depends on the psu efficiency rather than the wattage itself . 
  you 're right that it 's easier to make more efficient psu with larger wattage but that does n't mean that higher watt psu will always be more efficient than lower watt one . 
  and again , those 200w being more efficient is irrelevant when you do n't actually use them . 
  let 's say your system is idle and your 1000w psu is running at 10 % load and 70 % efficiency . 
  a 500w psu that will run at 20 % load and reach 85 % efficiency instead will be the one that is more efficient . 
  i5-6500 or even i3-6100 will manage 60 + in those games . 
  well so first you argue more watts mean more efficient and then you post tests that prove me right where even the overall less efficient 550w psu is actually more efficient than the 750w one at very low loads because as i said in my original point , the efficiency drops when you decrease the load . 
  as i said , the efficiency of the psu is n't related to watts . 
  you are cherrypicking examples of psus where that 's the case so let me cherrypick as well, 
  the psu with less wattage is more efficient because your statement that more wattage must mean more efficient is wrong . 
  it depends on the psu in question and for a consumer the fact that it 's easier to achieve efficiency with higher wattage is irrelevant because you 're buying a unit , not making it . 
  of course , i could just use your logic , look at my 2 tests and use them to say less watts = more efficient at all times but that 's misunderstanding how psus work . 
  also yes , i realize that the differences are so small that they are basically meaningless in real world usage but i stand by my original statement that overkill psu will be more wasteful if you ca n't reach 50-75 % load on it most of the time ( at which point it really is n't overkill or you 're running all your components at full load all the time - most people do n't . ), 
  no unless you consider 20-40 fps good for gaming . 
  1070 is just barely good enough for 1440p 60fps, 
  right now you should probably get intel cpu or wait for zen . 
  even i3-6100 will perform better than 8350 in most games simply because few games can utilize those cores and are n't bothered by the relatively poor single threading performance . 
  it gives 50-60 maxed , so on high it will probably be solid 60 , until slightly more demanding games come out . 
  people are also saying 1070 costs $ 380 , it 's hype , marketing and unreasonable expectations unless people are considering unstable 30fps or playing at 4k with everything a lowest details `` 4k ready '' . 
  people are fanboys , that 's about it . 
  base you decision on price and benchmarks , not people 's feeling towards a brand they do n't like . 
  well benefit of hdd is cheap space, 
  benefit of ssd is performance increase in everyday usage compared to hdd . 
  i would say at least a 250gb ssd is always worth it and afterwards if you still need more storage get a 1tb hdd for that . 
  i would argue most people who buy those 1tb hdds would be able to live with them but it 's their money and their business . 
  games not benefiting from ssd besides loading times/start up ( which in itself is a lot bigger deal in a lot of games than people make it out to be ) is mostly wrong . 
  lots of games ( especially anything open world ) rely on loading assets from the disk during gameplay and hdd is so slow that it can cause stuttering , frame drops or freezes ( usually when you enter new locations or sometimes even if you just look around you ) . 
  in extreme cases [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vd6kljhhr_o ) it can make the game from barely playable to smooth sailing . 
  stuttering , freezes or fps drops are fps changes and definitely affect performance . 
  you 're right that ssd wo n't increase your fps during normal situations by for example 20 like a gpu upgrade , you will get rid of performance decreases by removing a bottleneck ( hdd ) just like you would by removing any other bottleneck though . 
  founders edition costs as it was advertised , what 's your reasoning behind assuming amd will release their reference cards overpriced ? 
  if amd announced msrp of like $ 150 with reference for $ 200 ( that was way worse than aftermarket cards ) 1-2 months before they had enough chips ready to release , you 'd have a comparable situation . 
  as it stands , it does n't seem that amd is making up msrp that it knows is not realistic just so every headline says `` titan x for $ 380 '', 
  i3-6100 with an rx480 will be amazing budget build although excuse me if i ca n't be bothered to check whether a build like that would fit within 500 eur . 
  technically yeah , feasibly depending on few factors . 
  do you want to use that ssd in somewhere else other than the laptop ? 
  with windows oem licenses are bound to motherboards . 
  other than that , migrating os from one disk to another is trivial as long as you can have both connected at the same time to the desktop/pc . 
  if you ca n't have both connected at once on your laptop it might be a bit trickier . 
  this might not be answer you 're looking for but have you checked the disconnects are n't caused by the router itself trying to throttle the pcs bandwidth during heavy usage ? 
  very easy and it does n't even have to be a separate drive but you can have 2 different partitions with 2 different oses on a single drive . 
  in practice , with different bootable partitions you pick which one do you want after booting . 
  with different bootable drives you choose boot order in bios or use a hotkey ( depending on motherboard , usually f12 ) and pick which device will try to boot first . 
  depends on your browsing habits . 
  if you use addon to block unwanted scripts and use common sense , just check your pc every so often with malwarebytes and you can use mse or really any decent av if you want to have that peace in mind something is running in the background and scanning your folders . 
  if you click on everything without thinking about it , no antivirus will help you protect your pc . 
  i 'd recommend occasional scan with malwarebytes simply because the basic version is free and its scan is a lot more indepth and will find threats that mse ( and other avs ) do n't consider as threats . 
  ssds have better performance for everyday usage but for simple storage where you do n't need to access data constantly and fast , hdds work just as fine and give you quite a lot more space for the same price . 
  so people compromise with getting an ssd for os and programs that they use a lot while keeping a hdd for stuff like media which can take a lot of space but wo n't benefit from the ssd speed . 
  you can only use ssd for everything and lots of people do but if once you get past 250-500gb ssds the prices are pretty steep and you probably do n't exactly need all that space to have great speeds . 
  using hdd for everyday usage is a pain because it pretty much bottlenecks everything you do everyday ( booting , opening a program , opening a file , loading a game and for example streaming textures in open world games ) and ssds make everything smooth . 
  yeah i actually misunderstood the context , sorry . 
  it represents how fast is individual core of the cpu since for some applications ( most games for example ) it 's a lot more important metric than the amount of cores . 
  because more expensive cpu is n't always clocked higher but can have more cores instead , you 'll get situations where a considerably cheaper cpu ( like and i3-6100 ) will beat more expensive cpus ( like i5-6500 ) simply because the ipc is the same but the stock frequency is higher . 
  that said , if you wish to compare the single threaded performance it 's better to use something like cinebench because i 'm assuming the site you posted mixes various setup including overclocked cpus with stock cpus and gives inaccurate results . 
  he 's right that nothing uses just a single thread . 
  however , lots of things use 1 or 2 threads on the most intensive tasks and offload everything else on other 2 + threads . 
  the thing is , if your most important 1st and 2nd thread gets maxed , you 're performance is bottlenecked by those threads and it does n't matter if you have 2 other threads running at 30 % or 4 other threads running at 15 % . 
  this is what happens with amd cpus right now where most games ca n't utilize their 8 cores since those few that matter are n't fast enough . 
  meanwhile with an i3 you have 2 cores strong enough to handle most thing and those 2 additional hyperthreaded threads tend to be enough to offload most of the work that is n't handled by those 1-2 main threads . 
  i ca n't answer that because malware and viruses is n't something you get periodically and `` just happens '' but depends entirely on your browsing/downloading/installing habits . 
  some people could scan every day and still have new malware everyday while other people will never have problems with it . 
  but back to the question , if you scan once a week and do n't find anything , sure , why not . 
  if you find something every week , the solution is n't scanning more but reevaluating how you use your pc . 
  i will say yes but i 'm not really using it regularly enough to tell you if there are some tips and tricks to make the process more efficient ( besides using ssds ), 
  well for overclocking it is by far the best one . 
  what features are you looking for and how much do you plan ocing ? 
  judging by the games it sounds like some kind of gamepad issue related to the xbox adapter, 
  evga supernova 550w g2 ? 
  not sure if it 's out of your price range, 
  edit : are you planning on getting a dedicated gpu later on ? 
  if not you can go a lot lower than 550w, 
  edit2 : http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16817151136, 
  yes , exactly . 
  maybe a year ago a g3258 was a great budget choice because you could overclock it on a cheap motherboard and have great performance for the price when games did n't utilize much more than 2 threads but nowadays you really do want those 4 threads for general gaming ( lots of new games wo n't even start without detecting 4 threads ) . 
  that said , even if you want at least those 4 cores ( real ones or hyperthreaded ) , you still encounter the same behavior when it comes to more threads and 6700k with 8 faster threads will perform slightly better than a 5960x with 16 slower threads in pretty much all games , even those that can actually utilize that many threads for the same reason i explained in previous post . 
  these are about the only 2 on newegg that are at least gold rated and i 'd probably pick the seasonic from them . 
  of course , it 's still ~ $ 60-70 but you get what you pay for , especially when it comes to psus . 
  edit : this is probably the cheapest one you can get http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16817151113, 
  i mean , all of the z170 boards will easily reach 4.5 ghz , but how long will they manage to run it with the basic vrms i ca n't tell you . 
  all of the small form factor boards with good vrms cost around ~ $ 200 . 
  is itx board an option for you ? 
  it seems that you can get decent vrms in a lot cheaper boards compared to matx like in z170i pro gaming or asrock z170 gaming itx/ac, 
  signal company increases unit initiative which according to description increases how fast units reinforce into battle and allows them to do planning faster . 
  reinforce rate from doctrine honestly sounds like it does the same but i ca n't confirm it . 
  i think election events have decisions to increase your national unity a bit . 
  because no one asked any yet, 
  if you are n't overclocking and do n't mind paying a bit more fore less features compared to an atx board then there are n't really any other disadvantages . 
  well let 's compare 3 z170 gigabyte boards ( and i 'm not saying this comparison will apply across all matx/itx boards but it will give you an idea ), 
  if you compare the 2 atx boards , gaming 5 has better power delivery ( important for overclocking ) and killer nic alongside intel nic ( gaming 3 has just killer nic , which is kind of irrelevant i think but it is something ) and it also has hdmi + dp for on board graphics while the gaming 3 has hdmi , vga and dvi ( so it can output 2x 4k but the cheaper board can support 3 monitors . 
  of course you 're unlikely to use many monitors on igpu so it 's not a big deal either way ) . 
  some features are more important than others ( honestly , only relevant feature is the better vrm but at the same time , it 's definitely worth those $ 20 ) but you can see how they spent the money . 
  now if you compare the gaming 3 with the matx mx gaming 5 , it 's basically the same board with the only difference being that the mx gaming 5 only has 1 m. 2 slot ( the gaming 3 has 2 ) . 
  so you 're paying a bit more to get a bit less . 
  do you need the 2nd m. 2 slot ? 
  probably not . 
  but again , you would get it with the atx board and it would be slightly cheaper . 
  nobody has to know,
