  the more you pk , the more karma you gain and eventually you can drop items if you die . 
  this way , you 're punished for going on unreasonable killing sprees , but if a `` white '' player does n't flag and either tries to grief you or he 's in your way , you can afford to pk him without being too penalized . 
  now we have a mechanism to punish excessive pk , but how do you actually make pvp meaningful ? 
  lineage 2 does it simply - ties it together with pve which itself requires group to be efficient . 
  so what happens when you have a farming spot where 2 groups clash together ? 
  yep , meaningful pvp with actual impact - the winner has the spot while the loser has to find a worse one . 
  however , there are 2 things that makes this very hard to work if not impossible , which brings me to the next point . 
  __ instances and predetermined factions __, 
  so you want a community to strive ? 
  let me take a server population and divide it in half . 
  the only way for both halves to interact with each other is the pk each other . 
  would you say this allows for a better community than if you let players make their own factions and rivalries ? 
  i would n't and i 'd go as far to say that it does n't add anything to the game beside limiting the amount of people you can interact with , because really , at that point the opposite faction might as well just be somewhat smarter mobs instead of live players . 
  the need for interaction and communication between players is key to having a community in the first place . 
  how do you expect to form one , let alone a good one , if you force them to make tiny groups and do everything in instances disconnected from everyone else on the server ? 
  you ca n't expect communities to form and strive when you have persistent world with thousands of concurrent players but everything relevant happens in 5-10-20 player instances . 
  when multiplayer shooters reach twice the amount of players on a map than major content of massive multiplayer online games , you know something is seriously wrong with the genre . 
  __ the extinction of support characters and holy trinity __, 
  if most players can solo perfectly fine thanks to quests , why would they ever look for groups ? 
  similar question applies here . 
  if majority of classes are dps that can perfectly level up solo , why would they actively search for other players to group up with ? 
  they would n't . 
  leveling up in groups should be more efficient than leveling solo , and class/role variety is one of the ways to achieve it . 
  bring back controllers , rechargers , buffers debuffers and other support classes that are n't dps with 2-3 flavor skills and healers that ca n't solo like everyone else except a bit slower . 
  suddenly , when everyone is n't a dps and can bring something unique to the party , people have huge incentive to group up . 
  this creates opportunities for people to befriend each other for future , since everyone benefits from being in group with each other , and everyone is n't a throwaway dps anymore . 
  whenever i criticize holy trinity , there are always 2 responses defending it . 
  first is : `` look at how getting rid of it worked for gw2 '' - well , gw2 takes 3 roles , and makes everyone a dps . 
  that 's complete opposite of class variety . 
  second response defends trinity by saying that in the end , you want one person to tank the monster , other person to heal the tank and everyone else to damage the monster . 
  this is a fallacy that falls apart when you actually try a game whose whole pve is n't balanced around that exact concept , game that does n't have extremely strong buffs , debuffs , cc but at the same time makes something like a tank mandatory because of the threat mechanic . 
  __ conclusion __, 
  when i tried wow for the first time , i was completely in shock when i found people use addons to determine how to distribute loot . 
  i did n't understand how hard can it be to come to consensus since i was coming from lineage 2 where you have a constant party of 9 people ( usually few more ) , everything is shared and gear is prioritized based on what makes the group stronger as a whole . 
  then i saw how petty can people be if the game allows it . 
  in lineage 2 , you simply ca n't afford to act like special snowflake and the moment you put your ego on same level as your group , you and your group are both done . 
  in wow ? 
  in the end , it 's every man for himself and this reflects on the community as a whole . 
  i absolutely hate when people throw the word nostalgia around when discussing games , but in my opinion , in your case nostalgia is absolutely the reason . 
  now you did n't mention what mmos have you played since wow ( but since you 're complaining about theme parks , most of them were probably wow-clones ) , but to me it looks like you 're simply looking for that first kiss again , and that simply wo n't happen again . 
  the magic is gone because you now `` get '' mmos , and by that i actually mean theme parks that follow wow formula which is the vast majority of current mmos , but that does n't sound as eloquent . 
  maybe i 'm wrong but i seriously doubt you 'd find the same kind of experience you had if you for example tried playing on nostalrius ( vanilla private server ) . 
  why would you ? 
  you already experienced it before . 
  and the same unfortunately applies to other theme parks . 
  again , you did n't list what mmos have you played so it 's hard to really argue , but i just ca n't see how old wow has any of the 3 points you made in significantly bigger amount than other games , even current ones . 
  not to mention , 9.5 / 10 wow quests are solo , and the point of quests in general is to allow comfortable solo leveling experience , this is complete opposite of necessity to group up with players . 
  and food for thought , if you 're playing a mmo , should n't stories be created by players rather than quests in the first place ? 
  lineage 2 or dark age of camelot, 
  from my experience , i just ca n't agree that current themepark mmo quests are dramatically different from wow . 
  absolute majority of even vanilla wow ( best case scenario ) quests are filler and are completely meaningless ( besides the reward ) . 
  at the same time , quest chains that are comparable to wow in length are pretty much a standard fare for themeparks . 
  you have the exact same fetch quests leading to a dungeon quest in wow as you have in tera for example . 
  you have to realize that ( let 's ignore everquest for now ) themepark = world of warcraft . 
  if you 're making a themepark mmo , you 're copying wow . 
  you say `` traditional quests '' are n't a problem but traditional quests are exactly those meaningless filler quests with occasional group quest . 
  because i do n't want to throw the nostalgia word around , i can see few reasons why you could think wow quests were slower paced or different . 
  one reason is that you simply enjoy the setting and lore surrounding it a lot more , than in other games and so enjoy reading the quests and thinking about the story more . 
  second reason could be that vanilla wow ( and bc i imagine ) really forced you into questing because there was n't any other way to effectively level . 
  with wotlk and newer themeparks , you can for example just queue for dungeons , pretty much skipping all the story altogether . 
  all that said , mechanically the quests are really similar , i 'd even say identical across all themeparks because in the end , the way quests work is a huge reason what makes themeparks ... themeparks . 
  if you look at a mmo which focused on story quests probably the most , swtor , a lot of people will tell you that at that point it should 've been a singleplayer game instead . 
  by the way , you might want to give it a try . 
  i do n't know what do you consider a support class , d3 nor poe do n't have any support classes ( and they are n't mmos for that matter either ), 
  that 's like saying cod did more good for shooters than every other fps combined . 
  completely ruining mechanics of 90 % of upcoming games in the genre because you 're successful is not a good thing , especially when those mechanics are extremely poor for the most part . 
  if you really enjoy support classes , find a good lineage 2 private server . 
  the whole game is based around support classes ( group size is 9 and good composition will have 2-4 damage dealers at most , everything else will be supports ), 
  however , since the game is based around groups unlike modern mmos , it 's not very solo friendly . 
  this is so stupid i do n't know where to begin . 
  it 's exactly the same approach gw2 tried adding class variety to `` holy trinity '' by making everyone a dps . 
  it ends in the exact opposite of your intention . 
  not to mention , almost every current mmo already does what you 're suggesting anyway , even holy trinity ones . 
  if you make everyone a dps , that 's what you get , everyone will be a dps . 
  if you really want dedicated roles , you need to do exact opposite . 
  class that is n't a dps should n't have to have relevant damage in a group . 
  tanks should tank and not kill mobs , healers should heal and not kill mobs , buffers should buff and not kill mobs etc. 
  dps should be the ones that kill mobs . 
  suddenly , when half of the group ca n't kill mobs , dps is n't unrewarding anymore because you 're actually important role like everyone else , doing your specific role like everyone else . 
  as long as mmos keep having questing as a viable leveling method , majority of players will simply solo them instead of looking for any kind of group . 
  why would you look for a group when you can level up just fine alone ? 
  and even if you really want a group , it 's never worth grouping up with someone who does n't have the same quest as you . 
  and the way quests are set up currently ( short , often part of a chain and finally , with relatively thin level range ) , the amount of people who you can even group up with is not only rather small , but you ca n't group up with someone long term because you might never be doing the same quest at the same time ever again after you meet . 
  and of course , since most people are questing alone , if there 's any kind of group leveling available in the game , the pool of people doing it is much smaller because most people do n't bother . 
  tl ; dr : until quests are viable for solo leveling , people wo n't bother looking for groups, 
  i like how you say the game is dated mechanically and in the next sentence you say how the game is largely unmatched in quite a good amount of mmo mechanics to this date . 
  you pretty much invalidated your second paragraph with the first one . 
  the reason people still play lineage 2 in 2015 is n't because of nostalgia , it 's because of those exact mechanics that simply are n't found in any other mmo . 
  no other mmo combines pvp and pve together as well as l2 . 
  no other mmo ( except perhaps eve ) has such focus on the social aspect . 
  few other mmos actually managed to have a meaningful pvp with actual consequences . 
  the combination of all these things and more make lineage still amazing experience if you get past the outdated controls and graphics . 
  the bigger problem with current lineage 2 is the lack of good english private servers ( not really surprising though , americans in general prefer the more casual alternatives and mmos are no expection ) . 
  also while i wo n't deny that the game is far past its prime , the quality of private servers is light years ahead of what was available before . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people would consider c5 l2azure to be the part of the golden age , which was a poorly coded c5 , extremely laggy and had a cap of like 4k players . 
  compare this to few year old 7x federation from rpg club which had like 7k online and this years 3x empire which had 10k + online after launch with a very good soft . 
  of course , the downside are russians but it 's still worth it for the numbers . 
  so no , there are still plenty of reasons to play lineage 2 in this day and age , and considering current trend of mmos becoming completely devoid of social interactions , everything being heavily instanced and in general doing everything the opposite way l2 was doing it , it 's not going anywhere . 
  i 'd recommend to find a good private server on older chronicle rather than playing official . 
  the newer chronicles on offic are more like wow/aion than lineage 2 anyway and from what i 've heard , the endgame is such a grind that you either have to bot or pay .
