  the problem is that the victory conditions currently in the game are basically just conquest if you really want to have that score screen at some point . 
  as long as you do n't colonize the holy world itself , the ai does n't care at all, 
  they are harder to hit with anything larger than small weapons . 
  it depends on enemy composition, 
  happiness of pops inside it, 
  you can only build 1 hub per planet, 
  did you kill the portal ? 
  take a look around ship designer , the tooltips and stats explain it quite well, 
  you can bombard it if you have first contact protocol set to aggressive . 
  you should be also able to just land your units there and kill them , again , if your policy allows you . 
  if you do n't have militant/xenophobic ethos you can try to uplift them in contacts  species . 
  make attack army  embark  right click planet, 
  you should be able to cancel it with the stop command, 
  enslaved pops make more food and minerals ( but less science ) and do n't rebel . 
  go to empire and planets tab . 
  clicking on the sector will expand all sectors ' planets . 
  it works on sentient people . 
  can you uplift them ? 
  edit : otherwise yeah colonizing when planets are full is bugged , similarly if you build planets full of robots you ca n't then send a colony ship there because there is n't any room for it and you ca n't always cancel the robots building up so you end up with uncolonized planet full of robots, 
  it 's only safe if your pops have 100 % slavery tolerance, 
  technology increases it but if you mean silos for energy , then no . 
  try changing default sector limit to 10 . it not only fixes retarded sector ai because you have big enough buffer to only give it sectors once it ca n't fuck it up , but there 's stuff to do whole game because you have some colonies to develop all the time . 
  i ca n't comprehend why paradox decided to give you 5 sectors when 10 make the game infinitely more enjoyable since you can still do stuff during midgame instead of waiting and sitting on your 5 fully developed planets . 
  no , mining stations do n't create borders . 
  in fact if mining/research stations are taken by border expansion the other side simply gets the resources instead . 
  and the ai is incapable of microing and adjusting to pops it has on the planet . 
  it will build farms to feed robots and it will put slaves to research . 
  there should be 2 techs that give you 1 each . 
  keep in mind the tree is randomized so you do n't have to necessarily get them . 
  and yeah bombing is currently very stupid . 
  wiping out a planet takes ages and it does n't matter if you have a 100k power death fleet over it or a single ship . 
  hopefully we 'll get actual anti-planetary weaponry in the future because this is another thing were paradox went too much in the eu4/hoi direction instead of looking at how 4x games did it since master of orion . 
  if i want to make 100 ships fully equipped with bombs and nothing else to make your planet a barren wasteland in a month , i should be able to . 
  ca n't you just scrap them like you can other stations ? 
  only way i know works to uncolonize a planet is purging but it will give you negative modifiers with other empirs and possibly your own pops, 
  if it 's truly completely filled , you 're out of luck ( unless there 's anomaly that clears all of it ) . 
  paradox probably did n't program tile generation to have at least 1 non-blocked tile and you got extremely unlucky . 
  if you 're talking about empty systems , the sectors get only resources it has access to . 
  usually with just one star system and taxes the sector will never have income to do anything ( of course you can still give them resources ) . 
  also once something is i a sector , you can give it to a different sector for free, 
  it should . 
  keep in mind though that it only affects pops that actually have the ethics . 
  so at the start of the game when nobody ethics drifted yet , you can freely slave xenos and your own people with 50 % penalty to happines but later on some pops may lose the attics and be angry about it, 
  best way is to keep pops happy . 
  alternatively you can enslave them or purge them . 
  it depends on your ethos which method is most viable for you . 
  i only terraformed once and it just seemed to replace them but i do n't remember exactly . 
  if it does then that would be a way ( and would actually make terraforming somewhat viable unlike now ), 
  i wonder how will people enjoy the constant slave revolts when there are implemented . 
  i 'm currently playing as fanatic spiritualists and sure , they can purge but make sure you have good enough fleet to back it up because everyone else around you will hate you, 
  i would give them everything that does n't have planets i would want to colonize in future since i 'm playing with 10 core planet limit and only give sectors ' planets that are set in a way the ai ca n't further fuck it up ( usually means every tile having a building built or queued ) . 
  but that 's just me avoiding border gore . 
  practically speaking , you 're trading getting only 75 % ( or tax ) of the resource but not having to give the sectors resources as often since it has bigger income . 
  there 's also the thing that i prefer larger sectors because good governors affect everything planet in the sector . 
  i do n't think enslaving gives bordering empires opinion malus in the same way purging does but i have n't done a slaver run yet so do n't take my word for it ( they will hate you for the policy but not for the act itself unlike purging ), 
  if you have civilian access your research ships can move through their territory, 
  i think the game is still 32bit so no . 
  it might even run a little bit faster since xp is n't as demanding, 
  can you post a screenshot of the log ? 
  this is actually hilarious , it ; s the same with increasing core planet limit that fixes both ai that ca n't develop it but is fine maintaining it for you if you give it a developed sector but you actually get a midgame because developing colonies is fun when there are actually colonies to develop instead of sitting on your 4 `` core '' maxed planets and not being able to do anything . 
  it 's like they 've made the game with majority of fixes few file edits away but the only playtesting they 've done was the blorg stream and they had to release the game so they just arbitrarily set some values way too conservatively and now people are complaining about it . 
  90 % of the complaints are regarding passive ai and limiting core planet number forcing you to rely on stupid sectors and if you do nothing else but double the values for both , you pretty much solve all the complaints . 
  i can guarantee you that if they made a hotfix that did nothing but double those values people will be blown away how more playable the game is, 
  peaceful approach to control factions is to not do radical things that piss them off , that 's about it . 
  radical things that piss people off are enslaving but slaves do n't revolt and purging but purged people do n't revolt either . 
  people seem to be having troubles with factions when they conquer everyone and treat them like shit but still expect them to integrate peacefully . 
  if you deal with conquered people in line with your ethos , it should n't be that big of a problem ( and it 's perfectly possible to integrate unhappy pops eventually even without radical means ), 
  i have a 950 pro if you upload a save file i can tell you how it runs ( it is probably your cpu though ), 
  they go to the sector directly and then taxed back to you, 
  the midgame can be fixed by doubling the base ai aggressive value and increasing core planet size to 10 giving you stuff to do on planets and colonizing past your base limit of 5 . 
  changing 2 values make the game so much better i ca n't fathom why they are n't the default setting honestly , it 's like they did n't playtest the game at all and just arbitrarily set those values on the conservative side to be `` safe '', 
  any strategy game in general will depend on cpu more than anything else . 
  i doubt it loads a lot of stuff during gameplay , but on the other hand hdds are painfully slow . 
  better question is what cpu do you have to suspect a hdd causing issues before a cpu, 
  the thing about 10 core planets is that it still makes the goverment bonuses very meaningful . 
  having 12 planets instead of 10 ( and 14 with the upgraded gov ) is a big difference . 
  i would urge you to try it because it just makes the game better all around , it 's not only that it works around the fact that ai ca n't develop the sectors intelligently , but there 's simply stuff to do all the time and developing new colonies is actually fun . 
  with only 5 planets you can only afford to develop maybe 1 colony at a time and if you 're not a warmonger you have nothing to do during midgame besides crying how the sectors mismanage your colonies . 
  people are praising the discovery and early colonization is the best aspect of the game and 5 core planets is the reason why it goes so wrong in the midgame because colonizing new planets without putting them into sectors immediately is heavily penalized . 
  when you have a bigger buffer to develop more planets at the same time the colonization game does n't end for the player during the early game but depending on your location can last well until late midgame . 
  i think the problem with their qa was that it was too focused on multiplayer , the problems with sectors are immediate after like 2 games that last moderate amount of time . 
  the worst thing about it is that the sector ai seems to be relatively easy to program to actually micromanage stuff that would pain the player , like putting pops who have bonuses on certain resources automatically . 
  instead it ca n't even recognize it has robot pops on the planet or put slaves on research labs . 
  imagine if the ai would always prioritize materialists on power plants , robots on minerals , agrarians on food etc. 
  that is a meaningful micromanagement reduction that would give everyone a reason to use sectors willingly because the ai would see a pop change ethics and shuffle the planet pops to have the most efficient resource collection . 
  the problem is that it 's the opposite and currently the ai is completely braindead regarding anything besides upgrading your buildings ( and you ca n't even guide it because respecting tile resources will make it do retarded decisions regardless what you pick ) and the game further punishes you if you take the planet away from the sector to fix it 's fuckups . 
  when you set the core planet limit to 10 , you can always set up planets so the ai will continue to manage it passably when it 's in the sector and you have stuff to do whole game , not just until you colonize 5 planets . 
  cpu will always be a bottleneck for any paradox game on clausewitz , the question is when will the bottleneck makes the game unplayable . 
  i have n't played a max sized map yet to see how it performs for me but yeah , huge galaxies generate too many pops too fast . 
  you should overclock your cpu to improve the performance . 
  no and it should, 
  if that 's true that makes bombardment implementation even more retarded than i thought ( and i thought is was very retarded already ), 
  the ai on higher difficulties `` cheats '' ( or rather player gets disadvantages ) , change the behaviour in the defines file instead , it will improve the ai overall way more and in way better way than higher difficulty would, 
  yeah , terraforming is currently almost useless when you can just modify your pops to make any type of planet their preferred habitat . 
  furthermore , it 's also a lot cheaper and faster compared to terraforming and you do n't have to jump through hoops finding a correct combination of rare resources to be even able to terraform something in the first place . 
  currently there seem to be only 2 scenarios where terraforming is worth it - you are xenophobic and are affected by the bug that makes gene modified pops aliens that will be hated by your species and vice versa in addition to hating your government for being xenophobic . 
  other reason is to remove blockers ( which is still not worth the terraforming energy costs majority of time and you need to have the correct combinations of gasses/liquids depending on what your terraform ) , so unless you are unlucky and the planet does n't have a free tile for a colonist at all , generally not worth it either, 
  until there will be a good way to expand your borders that is n't colonization and slower pop growth with ability to meaningfully influence it , you 're better off just colonizing as much as you can . 
  border frontiers ca n't replace colonies because they cost prohibitive amounts of influence and are n't that great in expanding territory compared to colonies in the first place . 
  you should be able to invade them with army and after you take over the planet you can enslave them,
