  gigabite : ud5/gaming 5 ( unlike other manufacturers both of these include 2 nics and 2 m. 2 slots if you feel like you 'd use that ), 
  msi : gaming m5 , has 2 m. 2 slots as well . 
  any cheaper boards wo n't have 8 power phases which is the minimum you want for overclocking , matx/itx boards get you less features for the same price so if you do n't need the form factor i 'd avoid them as well . 
  most of the time you should n't have any problems adding different sticks , the board should run them at the speed of the slowest one automatically . 
  you can always have some kind of trouble with ram so it 's not guaranteed it will work but generally increasing voltage slightly should fix it . 
  i think a better car analogy would be something like, 
  4gb 730 : 6l v8 that produces 200 horsepower, 
  2gb 750ti : 3l v6 that produces 350 horsepower, 
  for video editing you should definitely get an i7 , ideally a 6-core like 5820k but even a 6700k will be a big improvement over an i5, 
  it depends on the quality of the psu and what it can actually output , not on the wattage per se . 
  assuming you do n't have some highly rated seasonic , you should probably get a better psu as well . 
  it 's about 9 % faster but price/perf of a 6500 should be better . 
  it will be a bit more future proof but in my opinion there are a lot better ways to go about that ( like getting a z170 board which allows for oc and faster ram , both making your system a lot faster compared to those 300mhz you get from the cpu ) . 
  judging from the rest of your system , i 'd recommend against it . 
  what you should do instead is get 2x4gb memory instead since dual channel actually makes a good amount of difference compared to single channel and the price should be the same . 
  if you 're after performance , 256gb ssd will work a lot better than a hdd but i do n't know how much space do you need . 
  honestly , if you plan on keeping the system for years , i 'd wait for kaby lake and zen ( which should take like 2-3 months ) because it should give you a better deal on both motherboard and a cpu compared to what you can get now . 
  you 're buying the cheapest motherboard possible which also gives you basically no ways to improve your cpu/ram related performance down the line . 
  1 ) i think it 's worth waiting for the new processors for 2 reasons : it will be the first time in several years there will be a competition on the cpu market and you have to realize that intel is basically selling the same cpus with very small gains for the same price all those years , so even if amd has slightly weaker chips , it 's extremely unlikely that they 'd give you the same bad deals you were getting from intel for the past years , especially since unlike every intel cpu , they are saving even more money from not having igpu . 
  the second reason that a lot of people do n't realize is that intel is ripping everyone off on the chipsets . 
  currently if you want a motherboard that has all the features of a modern chipset ( m. 2 , sli/cf , being able to oc and most of all , being able to use ram that is n't super slow relative to modern cpus ) , you need to pay a huge premium for a z170 chipsets . 
  it 's confirmed there will be only am4 for zen so you can expect the functionality of a z170 chipset even on the cheapest boards which is a huge deal . 
  2 ) you do n't really have a choice because what can you use depends on the cpu you get . 
  you have to use ddr4 for skylake and you ca n't use ddr4 for haswell and older . 
  ddr3 is bought and sold because of course not everyone has skylakes yet so if they want to get more ram , they have to get ddr3 . 
  for gaming , you should get dual channel first and faster ram helps as well , but as mentioned above you need to get z170 chipset for skylake to be able to use faster ram in the first place . 
  3 ) if you 're gaming exclusively , a z170 board with fast ram and a 6600k oc 'd will perform a lot better in games that do n't utilize hyperthreading very well ( which is the vast majority and most importantly , games that tend to need cpu the most to perform well like strategy games or mmos do n't support hyperthreading well if at all ) and about the same in games that do compared to a 6700 ( especially if you 're not getting a z170 board and only have 2133mhz ram . 
  it 's not that 6700 is n't good enough , it 's more that since you 're already investing so much money to get it compared to an i5 , it makes absolutely no sense to not get a 6700k while you 're at it since you 'll pretty much never get anywhere close to overclocking when it comes to cost efficient upgrade . 
  that sounds good and from their site it has 42a across both rails which should be enough for a 1070 ( assuming you 're not getting some kind of overclocked powerhungry one ) . 
  with locked cpu you should be fine . 
  interestingly enough within your price range you do n't really have many choices . 
  you simply have a 1070 which is expensive but obviously more powerful and then there is 480\u00a04/8 gb trading blows with gtx 1060 6gb ( 3gb version is actually a worse card than those despite having the same name ) which are both cheaper compared to the 1070 but obviously a lot weaker . 
  from those cards the 1060 is slightly faster in current dx11 titles while the amd wins out in dx12/vulcan . 
  in general , amd hardware also gets better with time as the architecture is more optimized while nvidia will stop driver support once their new generation comes out so it 's a question whether you want slightly better performance right now or if it should keep improving over time . 
  of course this is assuming you want current card , you can also aim for either a second hand 980ti deal which is slightly slower than 1070 and there are also amd fury cards which dropped in price a lot and sometimes you can get them around 480 price but they will perform better . 
  if it 's pci-e 2.0 16x you 're still fine as it should be fast enough for anything you 're getting, 
  yeah sockets/chipsets go together with a cpu so you 'll need am4 for zen and you need a 1151 socket ( which can be different chipsets like h110 , b150 or z170 ) for a skylake cpu . 
  kaby lake will still use 1151 socket . 
  hyperthreading ( and multicore performance in general ) is a tough question , good amount of aaa games already make use of hyperthreading and more cores but that does n't mean that you wo n't get better results with higher single-threading performance . 
  [ in this benchmark you can see that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocwwavguftk ) a 4c/8thread 6700k will still be slightly faster than a 6c/12t and 8c/16t 5820k/5960x in games that can utilize all those cores because more cores/threads will generally scale poorly compared to faster cores/threads which almost always scale well . 
  i think if you have the money , a 6700k is definitely worth it over a 6600k ( especially if we 're talking about 100 + framerates ) but that 's because you 're paying more to get more threads while the single-threaded performance ( and potential performance since you can oc both to roughly the same speed ) is the same . 
  now when you 're talking about a 6700 , you 're paying a lot more money to get more threads which sometimes help and sometimes not but you 're also getting lower frequency ( as someone said , you have to remember that the stock frequency of a 6700 is lower than the frequency of a 6700k even if you 're not overclocking ) which will always help regardless what you 're playing . 
  and think about it the other way : sure , you do n't care about overclocking now , but what if in 5 years you think you could use slightly faster cpu ? 
  well with 6700k you can basically get 10-20 % additional performance for free ( if you have the cooling ) . 
  now if you had a 6700 ( which is already slower so you might need the faster cpu not in 5 but in 4 years instead ) , the only option is buying a new cpu completely ( alongside a completely new motherboard because sockets wo n't be compatible ) and if the cpu progress stays the same as it has in the last few years , you might be paying huge amount of money to get maybe 30-40 % increase . 
  does this sound good to you compared to paying those 40 pounds now ? 
  the m7 has better power delivery so it will handle overclocking better . 
  though this might not necessarily mean you 'll get better overclocking results ( it 's possible but unlikely ) , it should last longer under heavy usage . 
  if you mean direct performance like higher framerate , the answer is yes, 
  edit : changed no to yes as in yes it will perform the same, 
  either the hardware is overheating ( try cleaning the accumulated dust ) or it could be some kind of software issue ( malware or some other program running in the background and hogging all the resources ), 
  cleanest way to determined software issues is to reinstall os . 
  but you could also try monitoring your processes when you 're running games and scanning your system with malwarebytes . 
  depends on games , resolution and target framerate generally if you 're happy with 60fps the cpu is good enough but for higher framerates it might be lacking . 
  it 's too complex question for a yes/no answer though , there will always be games where gpu is almost irrelevant and will completely depend on your cpu by default , does n't mean you play them, 
  what you should do is monitor cpu and gpu usage in games you play and see how often do you get cpu bottlenecked and then decide . 
  still good idea to wait for zen and kaby lake . 
  if nothing else , you 'll get some mileage from your current cpu ( maybe overclock it in the meantime ? ), 
  and then you can decide on what 's a good enough upgrade . 
  at those prices the amd is way better deal , it 's not really that much weaker and in general it 's not a great idea to buy old generation nvidia cards . 
  i 'm assuming you 're buying aftermarket cooler as you 're getting a 6600k and whatever you 're getting , it should come with a paste so do n't worry about it . 
  edit : a good quality ( something like a gold rated seasonic or evga ) 550w psu will work absolutely fine with decent headroom , you can get a 650w one if you feel you want more wattage for the future but you do n't need it for your current setup ( and the trend is lowering the power consumption anyway ), 
  get a z170 board since you ca n't overclock without it . 
  get faster ram , with your budget 2133mhz makes absolutely no sense . 
  do you need optical drive ? 
  headsets are a bad deal in general , you 're paying for bad headphones and bad mic together . 
  get good headphones and cheap mic individually . 
  importance of zen is that it will be for the first time in like 5 ? 
  years where amd will have competitive cpu on the market . 
  at the same time , for all those years intel was basically selling roughly the same cpus ( same frequency and cores ) for the same price with really quite small ipc increases . 
  which means it 's very likely intel will be forced to give you better deals for both cpus and motherboards ( since they can afford charging you extra for chipsets for the same reason ) then it could until zen comes out . 
  there is n't really much important about kaby lake ( assuming you meant that and not skylake ) besides the fact that it will be competing with zen . 
  the crucial is definitely better deal . 
  the real world difference between those is relatively small while the size difference is really big . 
  honestly if this is mainly editing machine i 'd ask on adobe related forum or reddit how much difference do cores make and how much difference do cuda cores have ( or even how viable opencl is ), 
  it 's very possible you could get dramatically better results with other ( older ) gpu and a 6 core 6800k/5820k without having a big impact on your gaming performance and price but it 's impossible to tell without knowing how well does the software utilize threads and gpu cores specifically . 
  if you 're playing a lot of mmos ( and especially old ones ) , consider getting an i3-6100 or possibly even pentium g4400 over the amd . 
  generally single-threaded performance rules in those games which the amd seriously lacks and you 'll get much better performance overall . 
  there 's also a good chance the igpu of the intel cpus will run older mmos adequately ( though you 'd have to look at specific benchmarks and possibly get a cpu with a hd530 instead of 510 ) and you might save some money on the gpu . 
  again , it depends on what you play but for mmos the cpu tends to be vastly more important then the gpu and you should get the best one you can get . 
  it should handle easily although i 'd recommend getting a higher quality psu eventually ,, 
  i 'd save the money and get the 2gb version . 
  it 's extremely unlikely you 'll utilize 4gbs of memory with that card . 
  typical prebuild where your money is spent on a bunch of things that you probably do n't want ( like optical drive ) while saving money on things that you do ( no ssd , only i5-6400 , probably garbage psu so if you ever want to upgrade anything you 'll have to buy a new one anyway . 
  true dual core without ht ( pentium ) or 2 core 4 threads like and i3 ? 
  i3-6100 is a great budget cpu and definitely viable , for pentium it depends what you play , some games wo n't even start if they do n't detect at least 4 virtual cores nowadays while for other cpu light games ( or games with terrible multithreading ) it will work absolutely fine . 
  i 'd make 3 changes personally :, 
  pay a bit more for a board with 8 phases instead of 4 , especially if you want to oc from the get go ( like msi gaming m5 ), 
  consider ditching hdd altogether and getting a 500gb ssd instead , should cost roughly the same . 
  everyone hoards data differently and someone absolutely needs to save everything he finds on a hdd but i 'll argue that majority of people wo n't utilize the hdd fully anyway and will benefit more being able to put everything on an ssd . 
  and finally , i 'd rather get a 500-550w gold rated psu ( such as evga g2 ) than a 600w bronze one . 
  sure , yours will work fine but in the long run the efficiency and longevity of a higher quality psu works out better even if you pay slightly more up front . 
  better than 3gb 1060 , comparable to 6gb 1060 ( basically trading blows depending on games , on average slightly weaker in dx11 but better in dx12/vulcan ) . 
  amd gpus will generally get better over time compared as the architecture gets more optimized ( also you can expect more games to utilize dx12/vulcan in future where it 's faster ) so if you plan to keep it for a long time it 's a lot better purchase than the 1060 . that on the other hand will work better for you if you want slightly better performance right now and expect to buy a new card anyway in 1-2 years . 
  turns out the nvs 310 does n't support 4k even if it has display port in which case the cheapest will probably be a gtx 720/730/740 / 750/750ti ( whichever you can find the cheapest , all support it ), 
  i3-6100 and rx470 is probably the best budget build you can make . 
  z170a has better power delivery so go with it since you 're overclocking . 
  ssd wo n't lose data in weeks or even months without power so you do n't have to care for that . 
  if you want value get the 850 evo and if you want performance , you should n't get the pro but rather an nvme m. 2 ssd instead anyway ( like the 960 ), 
  no because you 'll buy an expensive cpu ( but kind of weak one for a gaming pc ) just so you replace it with a better cpu which wo n't be much better as you wo n't be able to overclock it without new motherboard and psu .
