  it 's possible there are more outcomes . 
  there are definitely events that create barren planets ( asteroid ) so it 's possible nuclear war does it as well . 
  that said it would make it a bit disappointing that if some silly pre-ftl civ can make barren planets , your space empire for some reason ca n't . 
  if the empire loses the stars they become grey again and you can survey them, 
  what do you mean by `` flip '' ? 
  if you mean they become yours , no . 
  there are ways . 
  but again , even if the sector ai becomes perfect i will still argue that making the limit 10 makes the game play better on all levels than having just 5 ( and never say never but i ca n't imagine what would have to change about sectors to make me revert the limit back to 5 ), 
  there 's taking away micromanagement ( which would be what would sectors do if they managed planets correctly ) and then there 's taking away fun mechanics that make the game enjoyable to play which is both developing new colonies and maintaining your core planets . 
  with 5 planets it 's simply impossible to do both at the same time , you have to pick one . 
  it means multiple empires have a planet in the star system, 
  edit : words, 
  should be in the lower right corner of the screen . 
  if you missed the wargoals if enemy does n't meet at least some of theirs in certain time ( 10 years probably ) the war will `` time out '', 
  start wars with liberate war goes . 
  if you mean reaching the victory conditions , ignore them until they add other than conquest focused ones, 
  by starting a new game once you realize you are strong ( or your federation is ) enough there will never be anything in the galaxy that would threaten you . 
  that said , until you do that wait for at least 1 crisis to happen . 
  well , you 're playing the default settings because it was decided by paradox that it 's a good default number ( presumably after they playtested it but i wo n't go so far to say that given the state of the game ) . 
  i play with 10 worlds because i found 5 planets to be incredibly limiting and result in a boring gameplay where i spend most of the time on fastest speed browsing internet until i research a new tech to be able to interact with those 5 planets compared to being able to interact with some of my 10 planets 90 % of the time . 
  i disagree it stops you rapidly expanding . 
  you can still rapidly expand by making a colony and throwing it into a sector immediately , being able to develop more planets is only relevant if you expand only after you put developed ones into a sector . 
  i admit i do that and 10 planets allow me to colonize 9 new planets rather than 4 new planets before a stop and develop them . 
  the issue is , that does n't have to do anything with the ability to expand itself but rather by me limiting myself from expanding because i try to fully develop planets . 
  edit : in fact when i was playing with 5 planets i was actually expanding faster because i resigned on developing the planets fully so i just sent a colony ship into a sector and queued a new one, 
  this is probably a stupid answer but do you have resettlement policies enacted ? 
  downside is when it revolts . 
  if you do n't have problems with factions it 's good because a good governor will affect all planets ( and since governors right now do n't get xp from sectors it 's not easy having many experienced governors ), 
  i do n't think you can resettle sector pops if that 's what you mean . 
  good to hear . 
  hopefully enough people will try it that pdx just makes it default setting . 
  do n't think there 's a limit but keep in mind it increases the interval between the presidency . 
  by void you mean not connected by borders ? 
  that would explain it . 
  if not , then i 'd assume it 's bug . 
  yes , you have one year to set wargoals if you 're under attack, 
  offer trade  strategic resource, 
  it 's based on pops , perhaps they migrated away ? 
  you can see what sectors are building normally, 
  they do n't use queues, 
  if it 's saying `` 1 missing resource '' and you have 1 of such resource you need 2 and are missing one . 
  it 's a bit confusing but it does n't actually tell you the total amount you need but just what you 're lacking, 
  you can still retreat . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the correction, 
  well , if they have a building that uses the resource , they do n't have it for trade, 
  it will still build farms, 
  i 'm almost certain it does n't , and even if it did , the tile would be better off having one of the +10 happiness buildings, 
  the thing is the happy/joyful bonus is only amazing on larger planets in the first place . 
  depends how would it work , because otherwise you could just spam farms to prevent revolts on conquered planets etc. 
  and while you can build farms from the get go , basic farms simply suck and are n't even worth building imo , because if you wait until you have admin you can skip upgrading them . 
  it looks up planets as well but will show you only the system, 
  it would be slightly disappointing if they waiting 2 whole weeks to fix the most blatant issues but so far it looks like that will be the case, 
  direct comparison : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqk4xgimr7a, 
  1080 performs slightly worse in all games and all resolutions in dx12 compared to dx11, 
  1 ) yes . 
  if there are empty spaces they could still be there , sometimes fes do n't spawn at all but that 's not difficulty related, 
  2 ) from what i could tell they are cheaper colony ships but the ethos of the pop ( possibly even the species if there are more of them on your planet ) is random, 
  if by `` normal '' you mean `` a bug '' , yes . 
  you do n't need i7 at 4ghz . 
  pentium at 4.4 ghz will outperform it . 
  edit : also there 's definitely a cpu hog created by sector ai currently, 
  sector ai will disregard both commands if the planet is full of robot pops and will start rebuilding everything to have farms . 
  it has nothing to do with growing pops . 
  the ai will destroy a fully built planet that has no growing robot pops to build farms . 
  also the notion that spamming farms to increase growth is a viable strategy is n't really valid when any surplus past 1 will give you 0.1 growth and so you need 10 surplus food to just double the growth . 
  even if that was the case ( we do n't know whether the sector has access ) , ai still puts buildings that do n't produce any resources to absolute lower priority when assigning pops so it would happen anyway . 
  when the revolt happens ( or before it ? ), 
  you get a choice to guarantee them full rights which will prevent your synths rebelling against you, 
  it changes stuff on fully developed planets even if you disallow it sometimes ( with regular pops , usually when it 's losing credits it will destroy something to build a power plant ) and pretty much always with robot pops ( will destroy fully developed robot planet to build farms despite having food surplus from the capital building and robots not eating anything ), 
  if it has no pops it should n't be a colony at all ( the buildings will still be there ) and you can colonize it regularly with colony ships . 
  they have food though . 
  planetary capital gives you 5 food and since nobody eats it , there is bigger surplus than on your average planet ( where you 'd have 0-3 ) but the ai still builds farms so the decision is n't even based on food surplus/consumption, 
  i kind of get that , but based on what it decides they need food/farms when it 's not consumption/surplus ? 
  you ca n't take the rights from them after that and everyone who is n't materialist does n't like it ( and spiritualists hate it ) . 
  so if you 're playing as a materialist nation , there is now downside but for others , fighting the rebellion might be preferable to having a happiness malus for the rest of the game . 
  there is also a bug where pops on your capital will randomly lose their ethics at the beginning of the game ( despite your capital having negative or 0 divergence with any ethos ) so it 's possible not all of your pops are actually xenophobic . 
  i 'm also wondering if the general slavery and alien slavery tolerances stack like they should, 
  you mean those that do n't exist ? 
  http://www.jonnyguru.com/ reviews psus and a list based mostly on those reviews http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/id-2547993/psu-tier-list.html, 
  for mobos : after you narrow it down to the socket and chipset , the feature differences in no particular order are : board format/size , onboard audio solution , number of phases ( important for overclocking and 24/7 use ) , whether the board supports sli/cf if you plan to do it , whether is has an m. 2 slot ( or more of them if you want them ) , number of ram slots ( usually 2 or 4 ) , i/o differences ( amount of usb slots and whether they have 3 , 3.1 and type c ) and uefi/bios functionality ( different between manufacturers rather than individual boards from same manufacturer ), 
  if you want a specific advice you 'd have to post specific boards or at least specify chipset and price range . 
  what fps do you get on min details ? 
  decreasing resolution and gfx details is a good way to determine cpu bottleneck ( you wo n't gain noticeable fps gains by decreasing resolution and most gpu related settings if you 're cpu bound ), 
  cpu will bottleneck 1080 in some games ( at 1080p ) , it 's hard to generalize this though . 
  if you change cpu you 'll need to change motherboard as well . 
  psu looks like garbage that should be changed either way if you value your components honestly . 
  sorry , wrong link http://www.filedropper.com/saves_6 . 
  best bang for your buck is currently i5-6500 . 
  if you buy a z170 motherboard you can overclock even locked chips , so i 'd recommend that even if you do n't plan on doing it right away ( you might change your mind in future to get a bit more juice from the cpu ) . 
  board recommendation either asus z170a , asus z170 pro gaming or gigabyte z170 ud3, 
  depends on the games , there is no clear answer . 
  some modern games need both good gpu and cpu to get decent fps , some games will run at 140 + fps on a pentium as long as you have good gpu while other games will run on integrated gpu and the only thing that will matter performance-wise is your cpu ( generally single-threaded performance being more important than number of core ), 
  either way , there 's nothing forcing you to upgrade both cpu and gpu at the same time so you can just upgrade your gpu and decide afterwards whether you need new cpu as well for games you play . 
  i think the happiness during bombing seems to fluctuate too much ( i 'm bombing all their planets in the save as well ) to let the migration finish . 
  again though , ability to start it seems like a bug . 
  also i noticed on their last planet the ai started building a robot pop ( should n't be possible to do under bombardment , same with repairing building since even full bombing is now so weak that it 's possible to repair buildings faster than they get destroyed ) and i was n't able to kill it off and decolonize it . 
  hard to say if this is bug or i was just unlucky though because the chance to kill off a pop is pretty small but after years of bombing the planet i could n't do it ( and for the longest time the colony survived only because there was a growing pop and a robot in production , no actual live population ), 
  growing pops ( including robots in production ) make the already weak bombing even weaker because they count as a regular pop so if you roll the 1/5 to kill pop and it kills the growing pop it 's like nothing happened since another one will start growing . 
  similar with robot pops except even more broken because in mp you can just start building robots on every tile and that makes the planet impossible to decolonize entirely .
