  nothing is overkill for 144hz even at 1080p . 
  however , lots of games will get cpu bottlenecked first at such high framerates . 
  if we 're talking about low fps at mmos , odds are he is cpu bound and getting a new gpu wo n't help that much ( or it will help a bit since he has only 270 but he 'll still suffer from weak cpu ), 
  the founders edition 1080 only has 5 phases while the pcb supports 6 phases ( and it seems the temps are n't the limit on it atm anyway ) so you might get better overclocks on a custom pcb once they come out, 
  edit : source https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_2_iccesxi, 
  i do n't necessarily disagree but it seems like such a poor design that it might as well be a bug ( considering similar poor design decisions are already classified as such in the main post ), 
  if we wants to increase his resolution by moving to multiple monitors he definitely needs a better gpu , my response was rather a warning that while he might have great experience when there 's nothing going on , it will suck when his fps drops to same levels as now when he needs those frames the most . 
  edit : also he should definitely wait for polaris either way . 
  i know you 're not a person to argue this with about , but you get the same malus for full bombardment as you do for purging ( -40 / -100 depending on the personality/ethos of other civs ) and it 's already ethos exclusive . 
  if it 's not alternative to purging , what 's even the point ? 
  planetary fortification damage scales with ships so it 's faster to just use more ships than using full bombing and not only avoid huge opinion penalties with other countries ( again , same penalties if you just took the planet and purged everyone ) but also decreasing the damage on what you could consider your future planet . 
  and punitive damage . 
  well , that 's kind of my point , the damage is so pathetic that you 're better off finising the war asap and attacking in 10 years again rather than bombing a single planet 20 years non-stop to achieve any real damage in the first place . 
  but i agree this is more on the side of a balance issue rather than it being a bug, 
  yeah , the problem is that even overclocked i7-6700k will hit its limits way before 144fps in some games . 
  cpu tests with overclocked titan x https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdo-j00vutw&amp;list, 
  plenty of listed games will get cpu bound around 100fps and overclocked 6700k is pretty much the best performing cpu you can get for games ( the 6 + core will perform worse since almost no games except maybe crysis can utilize that amount of threads and has slightly lower ipc ), 
  let me stop you right there and point out that 500w psu is enough if it 's a good psu from a reputable manufacturer . 
  otherwise not it is n't . 
  one is for land combat and other is for space combat ? 
  there are no pros and cons , they have different purposes entirely, 
  it should be available ( the ship at least ) in the spaceport as a biggest type of ship that you have available ( as in , if you can only build destroyers and corvettes it will be a destroyer ) and will be called `` name of ruler '' - class, 
  you can only build one once per ruler and it has stat bonuses compared to the regular ship, 
  at the moment pretty sure synths are considered as another race and xenophobic species will hate living him them on the same planets . 
  giving them full rights will give you a negative happiness for everyone ( even for the synths ) who is n't materialist, 
  1 ) i ca n't tell you how well do they work between multiple tiers but a lvl1 point def is extremely effective at shooting lvl 1 missiles and yes torps count as missiles . 
  2 ) get better sensor tech , build observatories on space ports or station a small fleet with admiral that adds sensor range to your ships, 
  how much oc and what kind of usage ? 
  i would n't recommend the extreme3 for heavy ocing that much looking at that vrm cooler ( but i ca n't tell you exactly it would n't handle the, 
  picking up 970 or 980 seems like a bad advice compared to waiting for polaris that should be cheaper and faster than those ( and support dx12 ), 
  by far the best oc for the money on skylake are locked chips . 
  but aside from that if you are n't planning to have it oc 'd from the start , it will probably serve you fine until then . 
  lazy ai programming . 
  click on planet you want to colonize , click `` colonize '' and it will show you available colony ships and what pop they have, 
  positive divergence will make pops randomly change their ethics to those different from your gov. 
  similarly , negative ethics divergence will make pops drift to your gov ethos, 
  not very fast way but you can go to diplomacy tab , filter out everyone besides primitives and click on each species and go to their capital . 
  nope . 
  right click survey system and queue as many systems by holding shift, 
  yes, 
  yes , do n't gene mod if you 're xenophobic . 
  sounds like the problem is slot 1 or am i missing something ? 
  you could try increasing the memory voltage slightly, 
  i have n't used jumps much yet , but from what i understand they should be considered more as upgraded warp drive more than anything else . 
  you 're still technically ( although instantly ) moving through space unlike wormhole that `` bends '' the space and such you 're still limited by border access, 
  normal jump drive has smaller radius than best wormholes but psi jump drive has larger radius than both, 
  ssds at this point are better than hdds in every way ( faster , more reliable , last longer ) but more expensive for the same capacity . 
  it 's hard to quantify `` necessary '' but they are huge improvement for everything aside from raw storage . 
  wireless cards you go into pci-e slot and thus should be universal, 
  plenty of demanding games wo n't reach above 100hz at 1080p with 6700k @ 4.6 ghz and oc 'd titan x so no , at this point there is n't such a thing as overkill for 144hz, 
  edit : benchmarks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocwwavguftk, 
  here 's a good overview for 1080 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqtrldocvuw, 
  1070 and 1060 have no benchmarks yet . 
  insert one side of the cable into hdmi slot on monitor . 
  insert other side of the cable into hdmi slot on gpu ( or motherboard if you 're using igpu ), 
  trading and various pacts . 
  if they hate some of your policies , changing those . 
  edit : also having same rivals . 
  someone said you can see it in either diplomacy screen/empire tab and hovering over the vassal icon, 
  you set how they are arranged and which one is primary in windows ( right click  screen resolution or similar ), 
  since gpus should be out by then , probably not unless you really want zen . 
  new cpu architecture from amd , should be out 4q2016, 
  nope , devs said on the stream that pops can migrate only once there is at least 5 pops on the planet . 
  they also said you can change it back to 1 as it was originally in game files ( and everyone will presumably keep migrating away from shitty planets ), 
  not sure why gpu demand should affect anything else considering you do n't need to buy anything else to change a gpu, 
  probably not better ipc than skylake but it could compete with haswell ipc while having more cores for the price . 
  of course , for gaming you do n't necessarily need lots of cores so how will it compete with something like i5-6500 is hard to say . 
  that said they also have plenty ways to get the price even on 4 cores lower - no igpu and they could offer z170 equivalent chipset as default resulting in both cheaper cpu and cheaper mobos . 
  they will also most likely support bclk oc on all boards , again , possibly giving consumers more ways to get a lot more bang for the buck compared to skylake ( funnily enough in the end it might help intel that you can actually unofficially oc non-k skylake chips but we 'll have to see ) . 
  tl ; dr better in ipc ? 
  unlikely . 
  better in value ? 
  tons of ways for amd to one up intel , considering for the past few years intel was selling you smaller amounts of silicon for the same price . 
  use the to cut off other empires from expanding ( best way is to put it on a planet that is their home world-type ) , connecting your borders and securing rich clusters of star systems for yourself before you are able to colonize them ( or if you 're able to ), 
  bug, 
  not sure what kind of tip do you want to hear besides `` enact edicts '' . 
  government types do n't change the game that much compared to ethoses . 
  technology and colony size ( and level of capital building as well i think ) . 
  it 's going to be $ 450 . 
  possibly later on there 's going to be a $ 380 version from partnered vendors but definitely not from nvidia, 
  you 'll see if there are is going the be same card that uses both ( possibly 1070 from board partners ) , otherwise it 's pretty irrelevant if it 's not something you can choose to buy or not anyway . 
  both have the same audio , asus has better power delivery so it should last longer ( without overclocking it probably does n't matter ), 
  for longevity you probably want a z-board to be able to overclock in future and use faster ram than 2133 though . 
  reseat the cpu and try resetting the bios . 
  if you get boot loop disconnect/switch off the power supply and drain the mobo of power ( hold power button for 10-20 secs with the psu disconnected ) reconnect psu and try turning it on again, 
  depends entirely on what games you play . 
  1440p does shift the load more on gpu side but again , still depends on games . 
  also despite 6500 being very good , you 'll have to overclock it to get good gains against oc 'd 2500k ( which is possible but you 'll have to pick a board that allows it ) . 
  also , no point in getting new ddr3 ram at this point . 
  depends , some people use the oc 'd setups all the time , some do n't . 
  also you should keep in mind that just because you have system overclocked does n't make the system run on 100 % load all the time . 
  having system overclocked 100 % of the time means there is more strain on the components than on stock clocks because you need to increase voltage to sustain the overclock ( and in theory higher average temps will results in faster degradation but good aftermarket coolers will usually keep the temps lower than sometimes even stock cooler on stock clocks ), 
  that 's not a problem if you have components that will handle it . 
  this means good cooling , motherboard with good power delivery and good psu . 
  all of this costs some extra money ( either short term by needing more expensive components or in long term by having to replace cheaper ones that fail like motherboards ) but again , you get the extra performance in return . 
  it should also be kept in mind that a good psu and a good cooler will last you years and if you have those , overclocking is pretty much free performance if you have motherboard/cpu that supports it . 
  another thing to keep in mind is that overclocking is often the only way to get the best single-threaded performance from a cpu and tons of games really only care about that when it comes to how they run . 
  and while you 're always able to get more expensive cpu with more cores , in a lot of games you 'll get better performance by just getting a pentium and overclocking it as much as you can which is something you ca n't just get straight out of a box, 
  advantage is that it 's faster . 
  is it worth it ?
