  ah , the apologia begins . 
  name one positive thing that we had gained from islam . 
  most people in britain . 
  no that 's exactly his point . 
  it does n't matter that he was british by birth , he clearly had a hatred for britain and everything it stands for . 
  that is the point of multiculturalism - you can be born somewhere and by virtue of the fact that there is no universal and centralised value set or ` culture ' , still hate everything about it . 
  that 's utter revisionist garbage . 
  are you aware that the most persecuted minority group in the world is middle eastern christians ? 
  maybe not legally , but would someone who 's been born in a 90-95 % muslim area like inner bradford or parts of east london and never really left or visited anywhere else really be british in the same way as someone growing up in bath or norwich ? 
  it encourages more charity or ` stresses ' it more ? 
  so do muslims donate more than christians ? 
  i 'd like to see the statistics . 
  christianity ` stresses ' loving your neighbour , does n't mean people do it . 
  you say we add to the culture of britain by importing others . 
  i 'm asking what do we add with islam ? 
  practises like fgm and child marriage ? 
  rape and grooming gangs ? 
  what positive things does islam offer to britain ? 
  so according to your logic , to understand foreign affairs we need to import people from different parts of the world , some of which have cultures that are at complete odds to our own . 
  how did people understand foreign affairs before the mass immigration movement in europe then ? 
  that idea completely negates the notion that people come here to integrate . 
  since when was that the definition ? 
  that 's newspeak for ` my designated group of choice can be as vile as they like because they are oppressed in a way i say ' . 
  and millions celebrating . 
  are you an ageist ? 
  it would n't be the first time that those who 've actually lived through enormous societal and social upheaval made a decision that benefitted the young in the long run . 
  grow a pair and make the best of it . 
  no point moaning about how you hate britain even though it is one of the most free and highest living standards nations in the world . 
  britain will make the best of this situation wether you like it or not . 
  keep dreaming sunshine . 
  hahaha sure , totally pathetic . 
  i came to the uk a long time ago in the hope for a better life and it 's been better than i ever could have imagined . 
  i 'm proud to have become british and i think our best days are ahead of us . 
  that 's predicated on the idea that scotland will leave . 
  i think that 's unlikely . 
  also , the northern irish still want to remain in the union by all credible polls and that seems unlikely to change given the state of the republic 's economy . 
  given there 's no majority in the house , home rule seems plausible . 
  honestly , i might be completely wrong given the tempestuous nature of uk and eu politics and economics , so we 'll see . 
  is n't it delicious ? 
  suck the drive !, 
  really good mate , would love to see some more !, 
  keep it simple !, 
  she 's a former conservative mp , now editor of heat street which is a conservative/libertarian online publication that deals with free speech , and other issues . 
  no idea why she might have blocked you - did you @ her ? 
  one day they will , hopefully when the eu is destroyed . 
  i want to live my life with as much determination as this girl put into that arm wrestle . 
  sounds eerily like the abortion debate to me . 
  italy is quite a religious society . 
  gays do n't fare too badly there . 
  nuance matters , and it just so happens that societies that follow a certain religion ( you know which one ) tend to be much worse . 
  haha do you truly believe that ? 
  what evidence do you have to suggest that there is going to be some sort of gay genocide under trump ? 
  he 's already said he does n't care about gay marriage and wants to keep lgbt anti discrimination law in place . 
  that does n't seem much like the camps of chechnya or stonings in the arab world . 
  how tolerant !, 
  libertarianism does n't necessarily lead to anarchic ` open borders ' policy . 
  most libertarian proponents put an emphasis on domestic freedoms whilst staying fairly hardline on borders and the military . 
  seems like a pretty sensible ideology to me . 
  that 's a very sensible idea , i had n't thought about the potential for that . 
  only if we the citizens have the right to bear arms . 
  there is no fucking way that i 'd support arming the police unless i have the right to be armed myself . 
  that 's basically begging for government tyranny . 
  your boy looks like tom cruise - nice work, 
  5 ' 8 and 115 lbs ?? 
  lad must be thin as a twig . 
  good . 
  labour is long overdue it 's death , it has no idea who or what it stands for anymore . 
  i 'll be voting tory to ensure a hard brexit , but hopefully the lib dems do well and some semblance of a credible opposition can return by the 22 ' election . 
  because i want a strong opposition that can hold the government to account . 
  labour , in my opinion can never be that again , or at least not for a long time because of the way the overton window has shifted . 
  the lib dems might have a shot at it at some point . 
  it makes the conservatives more accountable and produce better policy . 
  i support the tories , but a decent opposition makes them work harder . 
  it 's better for everyone . 
  i want a decent opposition to the governing party , whoever that is . 
  why is that hard to understand ? 
  what a fucking patriot !, 
  that 's the uncomfortable truth that no one wants to face . 
  this will only continue , likely regardless of who gets elected given the demographics of muslims in countries like france and sweden . 
  do you think europe will continue putting up with this for much longer ? 
  this will be met with force eventually if our governments do n't do anything about it now , and it will be bloody . 
  that is n't what we want , but people will have their breaking point as islam becomes more prominent in our societies and brutal murders , rape gangs , fgm and censorship become the norm . 
  i predict civil war if it does n't get dealt with soon . 
  i ca n't get over how fucking bias they are . 
  thanks , cunt . 
  partly because , christianity at least , lies at the ideological bedrock of our culture . 
  so much of what we consider to be british/western can be traced back to the dominance of christianity on moralistic thought over the last thousand or so years . 
  it is deeply ingrained in our culture and wether you believe in the religious rituals or not ( i happen not to either ) you partake , at least to some extent , in the legacy of christianity every day . 
  if you believe that humans have inalienable rights ( which i assume you do - correct me if i 'm wrong ) , then you 're engaging in a fundamentally christian world view . 
  you ca n't eradicate something like that without tearing apart your culture , and we know what happens when a society does that to itself - it is bloody . 
  bloody hell , who is he - nostradamus ? 
  no wonder they all want to break down gender norms . 
  i ca n't work out the sex of a single damn one of them . 
  based mummy . 
  i 've got some news for you : trump was n't the first and nor will he be the last politician to get through on lies . 
  you think clinton 's campaign was based on truth ? 
  what are your opinions on federalisation ? 
  problem is , young voters are mostly going le pen . 
  fingers crossed they turn up . 
  that 's really interesting .
