  i also asked him if karl was really that stupid and he said ` he 's getting worse ' . 
  good times !, 
  you must be from essex, 
  like the casinos in vegas . 
  emperor merkel must be defeated !, 
  i never thought i 'd see taunton mentioned on a top reddit post . 
  hey fellow kids , is this how you meme ? 
  well he has a great big perimeter wall around his house , but apparently i was told that walls do n't work so ... \u2615, 
  ` cuckoldry : how to destroy a continent for dummies ', 
  he has n't even officially become president yet , but people are saying ` do n't re-elect him ' . 
  it 's almost as if you want him to fail and be a shitty president just to prove that you were right - forget the impact that a shitty president would have on the country . 
  it 's very immature . 
  surely we should all want him to be such a great president that we gladly re-elect him next cycle ? 
  should n't we always want that , regardless of who we supported in the election ? 
  if clinton were elected i would still have wanted her to be a great president , as the state of the country should go before being proved right . 
  trying to be a funny meme sub but failing horribly because it does n't understand that memes can only be born of freedom and not cuckoldry . 
  only rosie o'donell, 
  truck lives matter, 
  the mogglodyte, 
  which makes a change , if you look at the statistics . 
  imagine if the wife or husband of a person killed by islamic terrorists went on tv and called for the end of islamic intolerance . 
  they 'd get called a racist and probably attacked themselves . 
  i reckon all lithuanians get two out of three of those traits . 
  you 're being facetious - maybe look at the change from islamic to christian . 
  i survived on cpr for over 16 mins , but i was 18 and in very good shape , having never smoked or taken drugs . 
  cocaine and cigarettes do a terrible number on the heart . 
  i 'll be praying for her recovery . 
  i stopped breathing for over 16 minutes and made a full recovery in under a year . 
  that being said , i did n't have a cigarette or cocaine addiction and i was 18 . 
  i 'm sure she can pull through though , the human body is remarkably resilient and i 'm sure she will have the best care modern medicine can provide . 
  that and the force is with her . 
  come on mate . 
  do n't know if you 're being facetious but he was some big shot youtube star a few years ago . 
  pretty funny i guess but quickly became obscure . 
  she was a heavy cocaine user for about 25 years, 
  thanks !, 
   i was unlucky enough to have a congenital heart condition which i did n't even know about until i got food poisoning when i was 18 . 
  the strain of bacteria i contracted set off the pre-existing condition and sent me into cardiac arrest due to an extreme arrhythmia ( my heart beat was over 200 bpm resting heart rate before it gave in and stopped ) . 
  due to the skill and determination of the doctors as well as my own physical strength , i 've been able to make a full recovery . 
  i just turned 21 and will soon graduate university , hopefully going into law school in september 17 . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've been very lucky in my life but i 've also had exceptional people help me along the way . 
  it 's very good when it wants to be . 
  when they have smart people like douglas murray it can be exceptional but oftentimes it is just smug , condescending garbage ( and i say that as a conservative ) . 
  if you do n't take it as face value , and question its assertions , you 'll get a lot out of it . 
  hardman is very on the nose on most topics . 
  sovereignty !, 
  jews did 12/25, 
  muslims have to resort to mass killings because governments are starting to crack down on their illegal voting practises ? 
  they sounds like the sort of people that we want in our society !, 
  i never said that . 
  i see no problem with targeting specific groups if those specific groups have a proven problem with certain laws . 
  it 's nonsensical not to . 
  in an ideal world it would n't happen but it 's the price we pay for having a functioning democracy . 
  in fact , you were the one who said that you were n't surprised muslims resorted to terrorism - why is that ? 
  being stopped from committing crimes should n't lead to mass killings . 
  except this is n't denying people votes or rights , it 's stopping people from casting fraudulent ballots , therefore protecting the integrity of the system and ensuring a fair outcome , not a stolen election . 
  muslims are n't killing to protect their rights , they 're killing in the name of their religion because it is a fascistic and intolerant ideology . 
  as soon as these areas stop committing massive voter fraud then these measures need to be in place . 
  this is literally a measure to ensure a fair fight on all sides . 
  you 're using the exact same argument as many did when the electoral commission found that the current boundaries unfairly favours labour . 
  people said that the proposed change was gerrymandering when actually , it was evening the playing field and making it fairer . 
  just because your side loses its privileges does n't mean that something unfair is taking place . 
  dirty tricks is encouraging voter fraud when it is a constituent minority base that you support because it will benefit your party . 
  dirty tricks is trying to label this racist when it is perfectly legitimate response to a specific problem . 
  dirty tricks is deliberately spreading misinformation and stoking tension as well as being an apologist for islamic mass murder . 
  why do you assert that blacks find it harder to get hold of an id card ? 
  no evidence bears that out whatsoever , it is merely an example of the bigotry of low expectations . 
  when you are next in the states , actually talk to some black voters . 
  i can assure you that you will struggle to find any that do n't have an id or do n't know how to get hold of one . 
  it is a deeply racist assumption that you base this assumption - do you think that black people are all poor and stupid ? 
  i 've spent a lot of time in the states recently in a history department of a major university because my masters degree dissertation is about the civil war and reconstruction ( therefore very much about black emancipation , slavery and civil rights ) . 
  obviously race has been an issue this election so i 've taken a keen interest and spoken to loads of people , sometimes about id law and asking them if it 's an issue . 
  that 's not what i 'm telling them to do . 
  i 'm asking them to please not make racist assumptions based on their bigotry of low expectations of black americans . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm the authority on it , obviously as i have n't done any research into it specifically . 
  no need to be so snarky . 
  i 'm merely suggesting that the person i was replying to should actually think about the implications of what they are suggesting as oppose to blindly assume that black people are too poor or stupid to get id . 
  star wars has always had great female leads - case in point being carrie fisher as princess leia . 
  she inspired a generation of girls and boys , boys and now men of course making up the majority of the fan base for star wars . 
  i have never once heard of a man being upset at star wars ' strong female characters , they are what make it to an extent . 
  we have the best redcoats !, 
  big up for rubin and shapiro - not on the trump train but decent , ideologically sound great men . 
  well if aljazeera says so it must be true !, 
  he 's always been pretty fair on trump . 
  they 're old friends . 
  he could always have turned the computer off . 
  does n't seem like abuse to me . 
  because thinking differently than you does n't disqualify him from having nuanced opinions . 
  promemetheus ? 
  as the son of baltic immigrants to the uk , i can confirm that my parent 's country is far more based than mine . 
  that quote had me in tears of laughter the first time i heard it . 
  mostly because of how incredulous ricky is . 
  8d intergalactic backgammon, 
  crushingly middle class . 
  it happens to the best of us , mate . 
  this is true , and most muslims that move to america are at least somewhat educated and independently wealthy , unlike the vast majority in europe due to proximity . 
  this tends to mean that american muslims are less fundamental and reject the burqa although this is n't always the case . 
  radical left is just as bad as radical right . 
  the twentieth century taught us this .
