  what 's going on ???? 
  what 's going on man ? 
  cuckery you say ? 
  don jr , is that you ? 
  crooked hillary is a mess !, 
  that would make my life . 
  milo has posted a selfie with him but it was at a rally and trump had bodyguards around him . 
  my suspicion is that trump is aware of him , but i do n't think they 've properly met or talked yet . 
  that is incredible if true , which i 'm sure it is . 
  riiight because poc ca n't do anything wrong can they !, 
  i totally forgot . 
  they would come out 3 stone lighter , have taken all their piercings out , dyed their hair to a more natural colour and burned their copies of the communist manifesto . 
  why would this make him a sellout ? 
  it does n't involve him relinquishing his political beliefs , which is his main platform . 
  or do you just not like people making money ? 
  the first female president of the united states !, 
  keep us in the loop , i 'd love to send a few great british pounds his way !, 
  borisconi ? 
  on the kid 's record as well , not a punishment for the parents . 
  that would n't hold up to the simplest of challenges if the parents decided to take the school district to court . 
  merely scare tactics . 
  it 's real , i 've worked with that school district and it is full of cucks . 
  there 's no way they 'd be able to enforce the discrimination note though . 
  it would n't stand up to a challenge in court in the slightest . 
  and no self respecting male comedians will work with him . 
  i 'm glad he 's dead, 
  rotten tomatoes gave it a score of 70 % lol, 
  the reason japan is so successful is because it is very homogenous , any immigrants are kept to a small minimum and those that do are expected to integrate . 
  this is a proven way to have a stable , productive society . 
  it also adopted western capitalism about 100 years ago and it has n't looked back since . 
  in europe we have a very unstable population , due in part to massive immigration , particularly muslim . 
  if we want to maintain our way of life , something has to give soon . 
  ` the toon takes tokyo ' join me , alan partridge as we follow darren , lee , smithy and the rest of teeside as they tear it up in the japanese megatropolis !, 
  uniting a party with widely differing views by appointing right-wingers in the cabinet could have saved the party . 
  and that is a fundamental rule of party politics is it not ? 
  how is corbyn so oblivious to this ? 
  i think he genuinely does n't want to win an election . 
  please clap . 
  he was good comedy value . 
  this is right near my university 's central library . 
  jesus christ i just never imagined this shit happening on our shores , let alone london where i always felt safe . 
  string the attacker up like the animal he is . 
  that 's a somewhat classist and stereotypical view of leave voters there . 
  this is not a trifling matter, 
  maajid nawaz 's ` radical ' would be my choice !, 
  also could you add me to the message list ? 
  am very keen to get involved . 
  obviously . 
  that 's not why people have a problem with him though , is it ? 
  i think you know that . 
  it 's because his son committed the most appalling mass shooting in us history and those that died have barely just been buried . 
  horrendous pandering by clinton here and an absolutely appalling insult to the lgbt community . 
  clinton has such influence with the media that if they did n't want it to get out , it would n't have done . 
  or it would have been at least buried . 
  pretty safe to assume this is deliberate by her campaign . 
  pandering . 
  well the dnc leaks confirmed that cnn are colluding with the democrats to put clinton in the white house . 
  it 's not much of a stretch really is it ? 
  it was a provocative response to the bullshit , racist system of affirmative action . 
  the nuance is in the context , he 's a provocateur absolutely . 
  does n't make him a cunt . 
  you made the point , explain it to us . 
  personally , i 'd like to see a leader of the opposition that is proud of this country and its heritage . 
  it 's about more than just ` singing a song ' . 
  very , very few people die in britain from train accidents . 
  each one should be treated as suspicious without clear evidence to the contrary . 
  indeed . 
  remember , there was no chance that brexit could win . 
  but it did . 
  it has its moments , some episodes are hilarious and others are just too ridiculous . 
  jim and martin are two of the funniest characters on television at the moment though . 
  that 's what 's so great about the free market ; if you have something to offer , you will not be discriminated against . 
  i think that 's why liberals hate it so much . 
  actually , i should phrase that better . 
  if you do discriminate , the free market will generally punish you for it . 
  and we love you , america !, 
  i like it !, 
  it 's okay because she has n't hit puberty yet !, 
  the book shop at the top of laisves gatve before old town has some space to read . 
  it is very quiet and you can connect to wifi there . 
  i like to go there sometimes . 
  it 's been a while since i have been in kaunas but i 'm pretty sure that sounds about right , 
  but ... guys , i thought the hijab was liberating ? 
  no , he was the leader of ukip . 
  he just was n't an elected mp in the british parliament . 
  nor was he representative at the un , he was an mep ( member of the european parliament ) at the eu . 
  lithuanian !, 
  what a game !, 
  i think gb absolutely deserved it . 
  they were far more clinical than the dutch and defended much better . 
  not as stylish , but they got the result . 
  gb are absolutely killing it , very impressive . 
  cycling !, 
  super easy to pick up an old racing bike for 120 # , and you 're off, 
  what do you mean about northern ireland ? 
  it was a warzone back in the 70s and 80s . 
  belfast was bombed to ruin and was an extremely dangerous place to be even until the mid 90s . 
  lots of people in both the uk and ireland died . 
  give ` the troubles ' a google . 
  i 'm going to stockholm in a few weeks on business ...
