  would give each country a lot more political clout when facing the eu as well . 
  nice work lad , the throne is my favourite place to browse dank memes also !, 
  thank you sir . 
  we 've got to keep calling these people and their ideology out for exactly what it is - antithetical to peace and the western way of life . 
  yes , it is r/islam . 
  it 's actually getting some upvotes in the thread ... are they becoming self aware ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  how can i check ? 
  and ` racist ' despite the fact that race is supposedly a social construct . 
  indeed it is . 
  and fuck anyone who wants to import it into my continent . 
  the people of europe do n't deserve this , our leaders must be held accountable for being complicit in these french children , fathers , mothers , sons and daughters deaths . 
  it sickens me . 
  obviously they ca n't handle a dissenting voice in their medieval echo chamber of barbarism . 
  pure moral cancer , but i supposed that is to be expected by believers in an ideology that actively promotes the murder of children . 
  it 's simplicity is what makes it so funny , imo . 
  it must have been . 
  i did n't delete it obviously but one of those cuck mods has probably done it . 
  aha of course they were - an attractive gay man is pretty much their worst nightmare . 
  where is your comment ? 
  i cant find it . 
  personally , i would rather that it was completely wiped out but maybe that is n't realistic with 1.6 billion believers . 
  look at how long it took for christianity to reform - in this day and age , we do n't have that amount of time . 
  i do not know what the solution is honestly , we could be locked in this war for another thousand years . 
  that is a fascinating read , so many comments deleted . 
  even the non-abusive ones made by muslims calling for reform . 
  chilling stuff . 
  looks like they ca n't handle the truth of their religion . 
  the west is going to reach its breaking point soon , and it will not be pretty . 
  `` but they hit a muslim !, 
  obviously this happened because of white privilege ! '', 
  well of course , their self-absorption knows no bounds . 
  they will find some way to spin this into muslims being victims , i guarantee it . 
  to be honest , they probably already are . 
  we do n't fucking want them . 
  send them back to the shithole from whence they came . 
  r/islam of course, 
  it always is somehow, 
  up the chutney, 
  i like to maintain critical mass, 
  that 's the one, 
  `` rinse and repeat until you have conquered a continent '' - establishing a caliphate for dummies vol . 
  it was more to draw attention to how self-absorbed the ` moderate ' muslims of reddit are . 
  highlight how after every terrorist attack , it is always about how they 're being marginalised . 
  an excellent , excellent man . 
  everything he says i agree with . 
  i mean , we do support trump if that 's what you 're saying . 
  roughly 80 % of our content is shitposts and stupid memes though . 
  we take our support seriously but express it in a retarded way . 
  only a true trump supporter could run her twitter . 
  believe what you want about him , but he 's far better than the alternative . 
  they 'd have probably done better if they remastered the original ghostbusters . 
  heck , i 'd have gone to see a remastered version . 
  `` it smells like poor in here '', 
  side note - sikhs refuse to eat meat which has been slaughtered using the halal method , believing it to be immoral . 
  sikhs know what 's up with islam . 
  this is in the uk , so you can probably get arrested for a fucking hate crime . 
  possibly in london . 
  i live in east london and fucking everywhere sells or uses halal meat in their products . 
  that sounds like a gay porno . 
  which of course i 'd know nothing about . 
  i would imagine so . 
  they do n't do bacon in subway anymore . 
  we must try harder !, 
  american first !, 
  spicy !, 
  i mean , he 's clearly an egotist but that 's better than a criminal or a socialist . 
  also coming from a top london uni ( quite possibly the same institution ) i have really started to notice this over the last couple of years . 
  we 've had our islamic society recently suspended due to their consistent hosting of proven radical extremist preachers whilst at the same time crying foul when more conservative or jewish speakers are invited , even holding massive protests and eventually putting enough pressure on the uni to yield . 
  it 's disgusting and i genuinely do not have the confidence to speak out against it as i fear i may experience a massive negative backlash to the point where it may jeopardise my degree programme . 
  i can only foresee this getting worse , and in doing so damaging the wellbeing of minorities such as homosexuals and jews , infringing on women 's rights on campus and ultimately damaging the university beyond repair . 
  the economic context is completely different though , and there are vast practical differences between the ability of an independent uk to survive outside of the eu and an independent scotland to survive outside the uk . 
  for one , scotland is a net beneficiary of the uk economy , whereas the uk is a considerable net contributor to the eu . 
  there would be an enormous funding deficit if scotland opted to ` vote leave ' which was never a possible consequence of the uk leaving the eu . 
  the uk has its own strong and established currency whereas scotland is unsure wether it would peg a new currency to the gbp ( which would involve selling off of masses of assets , privatisation and massive austerity ) or adopt the euro , which we have all seen is failing . 
  the uk also has a central bank and amazing credit rating , meaning cheaper loans . 
  there are constitutional arguments that do n't add up between the two debates either . 
  for example , the uk has been devolving power to its constituent countries , particularly scotland , for decades and there seems to be no end in sight which is of course a good thing for democracy and a good thing for local people . 
  the eu has been consolidating and centralising power at an increasingly alarming rate over the same period which has been taking power away from countries and giving it to brussels . 
  which is why people voted out and why the argument for an independent scotland is far , far weaker than than an independent uk . 
  i could go into more detail about how the two debates are entirely different , such as debt , trident , possibility of eu vetos , nato , tariffs , but i think you get the picture . 
  yeah , the whole blue collar , new england upbringing is the foundation of so much of his comedy . 
  he 's definitely one of the best american comics , i would say of all time . 
  oh he will , and it will be a glorious sight to behold . 
  i 'll be honest , i 'm dead against it . 
  this will give a huge spotlight on reddit 's biases if they try any funny business like overloading the servers or allowing brigading . 
  still , they do n't understand the streisand effect so they 'll probably do it any way . 
  hey come on , do n't bring the robots into this . 
  do n't leave just yet buddy , we still need as many people who have seen the truth about islam to stay and fight this . 
  are they fucking stupid ? 
  enter the us illegally and you get a free speaking slot at the dnc !, 
  mr trump , it is an absolute honour and i thank you for taking the time to do this ama . 
  we have seen more and more bloody attacks on the peoples of europe and the united states at the hands of islamic terrorism in the last few months . 
  it only looks like the bloodshed will get worse . 
  why do you think that our governments in the west , and the democrats seem so intent on covering up the clear problem of islamic extremism ? 
  what possible benefit could there be to enabling the narrative to be twisted in such a way as to endanger our citizens ? 
  thank you for your time and i certainly hope that you will maga come january !, 
  his comment got deleted , any ideas why guys ? 
  his comments are being deleted , any idea why guys ? 
  do n't delete this one milo !,
