  someone else 's train seats . 
  this is my wet dream, 
  am into us politics , think clinton is the devil . 
  can confirm . 
  margaret thatcher !, 
  could somebody tell me one good thing that islam offers to our society ? 
  some of my best mates are avid corbynites and remainers . 
  somehow it works . 
  mr k dilkington, 
  stephen mitchell !, 
  do you enjoy skinning stuff ? 
  suck the drive if you want !, 
  i 'm straight , but i 'd fuck a fit guy over a fat girl if i had to chose one . 
  do n't forget the racist working classes . 
  would n't they be on the receiving end of less bullying ? 
  my teenage sister received horrible abuse via multiple social media accounts . 
  when she started deleting them , amazingly the abuse lessened . 
  when the other kids realised that they could n't send her messages 24/7 , they basically stopped bothering . 
  they of course were n't brave enough to say it to her face at school so she is much more respected and less of an outcast at school now . 
  kids who are n't afraid of stepping out of the status quo and conforming are generally received favourably in my experience . 
  hardly surprising given that for 50 years feminism has been fighting for women 's rights to be treated exactly the same as men when actually women would be happier being treated differently . 
  yes we fucking did !, 
  parts of belgium genuinely look like the shittier parts of kabul or raqqa . 
  that is an obscene amount of approval before the refugee crisis . 
  can anyone in germany or educated in german politics explain this to me ? 
  when was the last time the us or uk had someone that popular ? 
  i can not remember there ever being one since maybe the war . 
  and we love you to < 3, 
  and trade !, 
  maybe if i insult them and call them stupid more ... 
  he was talking absolute bollocks throughout that entire episode . 
  probably worse than usual . 
  i 'm reluctant to watch it ... is it that bad ? 
  the trailers look alright . 
  that 's basically been me every night since the vote . 
  i 've been so fucking smug . 
  i 'm starting to get restless for article 50 to be invoked though - we may have to recall based nige from the states if you do n't mind . 
  good question , i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't like the burqa one bit . 
  it is a symbol of an oppressive religion and culture that is deeply misogynist and abusive . 
  i do n't think the way to deal with this issue is to ban it though . 
  that is antithetical to the freedoms we enjoy as a western nation . 
  it will probably result in women not being allowed to leave their houses at all and thus making the problem worse . 
  somehow we need to make the allure of islam , with all of its regressive ideology , less attractive to people in the first place . 
  the west provokes muslims into committing terrorist acts by merely suggesting that some of their cultural practises might not be welcome here ? 
  so we have to accept any and all cancerous ideologies and practises or else we are being provocative ? 
  the lefts apologism of islamic extremism absolutely boggles my mind . 
  she 's a libertarian , and ran for the libertarian party of canada in their last elections . 
  most conservatives are . 
  it 's not in new hampshire . 
  it 's in hampshire . 
  paying for sex is not illegal in the uk , actually . 
  as far as i 'm aware , absolutely no crime was committed . 
  honestly , i 'm more bothered about the fact that he supported the fatwa against salman rushdie after the publication of the satanic verses . 
  vaz literally led a march through london to have it banned in the uk . 
  him paying for a couple of rent boys pales in comparison to the constitutional implications of his views on censoring literature . 
  god bless you , sir . 
  i ca n't wait until that crisp , bright day in november when a new dawn breaks over a prosperous and hopeful america . 
  the first shot has been fired . 
  what 's inherently wrong with investing in any of those industries ? 
  you 'll be hard pushed to find an investment firm that does n't invest in them . 
  just because he does n't support gay marriage does not make him automatically homophobic or bigoted . 
  why ? 
  the function of a business is to make money , not be a bastion of moral virtue . 
  i 'm in support of gay marriage , i just do n't think it 's fair to label everyone who is n't also in support a homophobe . 
  just because they might have a different view of marriage does n't mean that they automatically hate gays . 
  incidentally , i 'm in support of gay marriage , i just do n't think it 's fair to label everyone who is n't a homophobe . 
  also , gay people had all the legal rights that marriage offers with civil partnerships way before recent legislation . 
  i agree , but gay people have long had the right to civil partnerships which is identical in terms of rights as marriage . 
  just because some people take a more traditional view of marriage , does n't automatically mean that they hate gays . 
  ( i support gay marriage , i 'm just suggesting to you that there are other view points ) . 
  bigot is a very easy word to throw around . 
  i ca n't see how simply holding a view on marriage can imply that at all . 
  naughty !, 
  easy on the language , chap . 
  do you actually know the definition of the word ` bigot ' ? 
  it 's someone who is intolerant of those holding different opinions . 
  in what way is rees-mogg demonstrating intolerance of another 's opinion simply by voting against gay marriage ? 
  if he was truly a bigot , surely he would stand down as an mp or his various committees in disgust . 
  the people i see here who are intolerant of differing opinion are those attacking rm . 
  the specifics are important though otherwise the narrative drifts and legitimate points are allowed to be painted as racist , bigot , etc. 
  facts matter . 
  if they do n't go away fairly quickly , i would recommend getting that seen to . 
  it could be folliclitis which is very annoying and hangs around for a long time . 
  give it giggsy till the end of the season !, 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  both are arguably not in europe, 
  but where does the money come from ? 
  could possibly come from ` bernataitis ' . 
  that 's fairly regularly seen . 
  uk i think, 
  telling my girlfriend that she 's next . 
  no she fucking well is n't . 
  so men ca n't have a say on women 's issues ? 
  what happened to free and open discourse ? 
  no other atheists here against abortion ? 
  from what i 've seen of his , i think old billy boy is a fairly quiet trump supporter and is keeping low-key because he does n't want that to hurt his career . 
  he has shrugged off most of his previous ` scandals ' as banter ( which they are ) and stated clearly his hatred for the clintons . 
  he 's pretty big on non-pc stuff as well , so it seems like his natural home . 
  peter is an excellent speaker and writer as well , just a bit less charismatic than his brother .
