  seems like a genuine guy with real conviction , same as bernie . 
  which is why a trump/sanders ticket would be amazing . 
  i fully believe that he 'll go down in the history books as a great president . 
  not an easy achievement by any stretch , but he looks promising so far . 
  my wife . 
  will you be naming him donald ? 
  come on guys , leave it out . 
  she is ** often confused ** . 
  i will be soon ladies and gentlemen , i 've been distracted by uproarious amounts of post - exams drinking . 
  love a good bit of cyber bullying !, 
  it will be done soon , my post exam celebrations ( mainly drinking ) have set me back a bit !, 
  member of european parliament, 
  the mainstream liberal media being complicit in the demise of free western societies . 
  i weep for germany . 
  sergio giorgini - brent collection . 
  this is the final straw for me . 
  europe 's former greatness is degrading day by day as we succumb to this dystopian fascist bullshit . 
  i thought freedom of speech and expression were safe in the uk but apparently not . 
  can anyone point this based brit to some resources on immigrating legally to the us ? 
  american 's tax dollars too , in the form of the unemployed donators who make up 25 % of total donations . 
  that 's . . that 's beautiful, 
  report !, 
  be prepared for the flaming shitstorm coming your way brave , courageous centipede !, 
  may the trump be with you . 
  he 's so sick of their shit, 
  the worst side effect of them all, 
  like dave hill from slade ... 
  the dnc have handed this election to trump on a shiny silver platter . 
  she 's got the same problem as those old blokes who 's ears and noses keep growing, 
  this subreddit will go down in the history books folks , i 'm tellin ' ya !, 
  despite the awful circumstances , of course . 
  we should remember the terrible circumstances of course . 
  i thought we 'd reached critical mass ... 
  i was wrong . 
  we 're gon na keep growing , just like we 're gon na keep winning because this train has no brakes !, 
  and it will continue to be so !, 
  because this train has no brakes, 
  a valiant effort, 
  i think this might actually have some influence . 
  recent polls are suggesting that it 's gon na be way closer than previously thought . 
  one even put us brexiters ahead !, 
  fingers crossed . 
  goddammit i love you guys , keep fighting the good fight !, 
  polls are starting to suggest we 've got a chance for brexit , which would be a small but strong step in the right direction !, 
  have faith , fellow britpede . 
  welcome home patriot !, 
  somebody get this man a coat, 
  people are getting woke, 
  people are getting woke, 
  autist level posting , soldier . 
  maybe he 'll come home one day , he must be cold outside of the don 's orange warmth . 
  thanks brother , i sincerely lament the day that our leaders chose europe and islam over america and freedom . 
  if we do manage to vote out , i and many others will be pushing for closer partnership with you beautiful people !, 
  if we vote stay , i may well look into legal routes to the us . 
  good move on don 's part there . 
  hillary can get btfo any other day , let 's deal with this shit first, 
  you 've been downvoted , but i sure would . 
  me too , but we 've got to do it legally, 
  powerful !, 
  glad to be of service !, 
  this community makes me feel american !, 
  no , no , no . 
  being american is a set of values , a system of beliefs in what is right and wrong which has led to it being the greatest and most free country in the history of the world . 
  you do n't have to be born in america to be an american ( as long as you have moved there legally ) and you can have ` similar ' values being from elsewhere but absolutely not the same . 
  why are we painted as trolls ? 
  we 're legit supporters who genuinely believe in his policies . 
  as much as we do it for teh lulz , this shit is still serious to us . 
  we just have to keep upvoting harder !, 
  dehumanising people based on their beliefs directly enables these people to commit acts of violence and be apologists for others who do . 
  look at how they defend a violent religion , and have no qualms in attacking fellow americans because of their political allegiances . 
  fascism , plain and simple . 
  civ iv is very low spec , and can run in a window with the right plug in, 
  we 'll see soon enough , i 'm optimistic . 
  which nation are you in ? 
  what 's general consensus on eu in cz ? 
  big win in swindon lads !!, 
  a couple of constituencies voted, 
  big constituencies still left to announce quite yet . 
  true , true . 
  a good start though . 
  i fucking hate alex salmond, 
  entitled scottish-superiority prick, 
  based south holland, 
  he 's going to his new golf resort in scotland , set to do a speech when there . 
  source on breitbart - would fetch it but am too hooked on this coverage . 
  if birmingham go leave , then it 's all over folks . 
  i 'm so fucking hard right now . 
  wakefield just won 64 % leave . 
  that 's huge also . 
  happy independence day brother/sister . 
  not sure . 
  very soon i would imagine . 
  no way ? 
  when ? 
  must have missed that getting a cuppa . 
  fucking hell , a muslim stronghold and significantly vote leave !, 
  am i hallucinating from it being 4:30 am ? 
  it really fucking is !, 
  i 'm so proud . 
  america , i 'm sorry we mistreated you .
