  what impact would he have had if he was n't inside the parliament with his ear to the ground ? 
  he 's still doing his job as british representative to the european parliament . 
  that does n't mean that he has to support the eu , just represent the people that voted him in . 
  that 's actually a great question . 
  i 'd be very surprised . 
  why bring jews into this ? 
  are you a racist ? 
  nazis and russians ? 
  what is this , 1942 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure ( although i might be wrong ) that there are still russians , but nazis ? 
  not in the traditional sense . 
  i suppose the middle east and the democrat party still hate jews though , so maybe it is alive and well . 
  just sounds like your own bigoted world view there mate . 
  lol, 
  lol, 
  end islamic immigration . 
  it wo n't directly but at least it gives us some time to figure out how to deal with the problem and does n't raise the local populations even more than the high birth rates are already . 
  less/no islamic immigration will reduce rate of growth of these clearly radical communities . 
  this stupid fucker just punched a russian police officer . 
  you 're off the chain mate . 
  an absolutely gross misrepresentation of what i wrote . 
  i did n't suggest deportations and i did n't attack any individuals based on their race . 
  you 're clearly a toxic individual who is incapable of rational discussion . 
  if you truly want to discuss the evident problem with islam in british society , then i 'm open to it but you 're just misrepresenting and choking debate . 
  no need to demean my underage sister is there pal ? 
  i am not encouraging hate in any way shape or form by suggesting islamic immigration should be stopped - nor did i suggest that it should be stopped permanently , just for a period of time whilst islamism is a pertinent problem and existential threat to western societies and we have no credible solution . 
  the point to stopping it would be to give our society breathing space . 
  we have identified that there is clearly a problem - why continue importing more until we have decided on a solution ? 
  does that not seem unwise to you ? 
  as a poster above me stated , if you 're house was flooded , you may as well turn off the tap before you drain it . 
  cultures need time to adjust to each other or there will inevitably be conflict and a loss of cultural values . 
  we can not let that happen or we denigrate our society for everyone who lives here . 
  you can try to spin me wanting to put a stop to immigration as alike to deportations all you want but it is a completely separate thing and you know it . 
  not only would i vehemently oppose it as they are in the vast majority of cases british citizens , but it would also be unfeasible . 
  if islam is so intertwined with race , then how come many vastly different societies and racial groups adhere to it ? 
  you seem to forget indonesia , the most populous muslim country in your ( if i may say entertainingly ) ill informed lesson on islamic cultural history and middle eastern racial demography . 
  people can convert to it , this it is an ideology and not a race . 
  if i can criticise communism or capitalism and their followers , then i can certainly criticise islam and its followers too . 
  nothing to do with race whatsoever . 
  my suggestion is in no way hateful , it is pragmatic and a possible solution to putting a stop to the obvious problem of extremism , and lack of cultural assimilation which is happening almost exclusively in the muslim community . 
  you can spin it as hate all you want but that is a cop out and you know it . 
  i have met many decent muslims in my life and i am in no way afraid of most individuals . 
  i do not like the ideology of islam and believe it to be regressive , oppressive to women and minorities . 
  putting a stop to islamic immigration is to stop the ideology being spread further , not because of a hatred for people . 
  a blunt comment deserves a blunt response . 
  not a profane and bizarre tirade about two women who have said and done nothing to you . 
  do these fucks not understand that ` man ' also has a neutral usage in the english language ? 
  i mean , i appreciate that this is in wales but this is a sheer idiocy . 
  what 's next , ` mankind ' ? 
  fucking cretins , i swear to god . 
  i do n't know about ` personality defect ' but it definitely can be a mindset . 
  you realize that this is self-referential satire ? 
  it 's a pretty common meme in right wing circles which is taking the piss out of a cernovich quote . 
  unexpected partridge . 
  she is actually very popular , it 's important to remember the left wing bias on reddit . 
  she will likely be prime minister until 2020 , when the next general election is scheduled and even then , due to the pitiful opposition party , if she stands she will almost certainly win . 
  it depends how brexit goes really . 
  if it 's a mess , she might get a leadership challenge in which case whoever her successor is will become pm . 
  in our recent poll , it was found that the majority party of ukpolitics users is the libdems . 
  its a pretty even spread overall , but it certainly seems like it skews slightly to the left , certainly socially . 
  just because it is n't the lefty echo-chamber that the rest of reddit is , doesnt make it right wing . 
  16d intergalactic gooey louis . 
  as stupid as they are , i find them pretty hilarious.for me , it 's funnier the more obscure the game is . 
  18d subatomic do n't wake dad, 
  get monkey news a press pass for the white house !, 
  freedom colours . 
  oh my christ this is hilarious, 
  marin d'arc, 
  they were still human , you moron . 
  being a commodity and a human was not mutually exclusive , however disgusting that is to say or think about now . 
  because he 's thinking long term . 
  obviously he ca n't stand the man on a personal level but he 's putting that aside both for the good of the country and for his own personal ambitions . 
  it 's a smart move . 
  i 'd be very surprised if we do n't see a cruz presidency over the next few decades . 
  incredible sign of the times that this comment gets so heavily down voted . 
  poor liquidity , very risky investment . 
  yeah , 4channers are rarely conservatives in a burkean or hobbesian sense . 
  most are libertarian or anarchic , which is why they voted and supported trump . 
  even if he fails , they can watch and laugh . 
  i 'd do nick knowles if i had to shag a bloke . 
  there 's something about the man . 
  i 'm not gay , but when i see him i get an erection . 
  he 's hard but tender . 
  i feel like he 'd take care of me under the duvet , but if i wanted him to roll over me like a freight train , he would . 
  i 'm proud of you . 
  i went to school in the uk and it is fairly common practise to not be allowed to go to the toilet during lessons , although most teachers will let you if you plead hard enough . 
  it 's to stop kids from skiving off lessons but does n't really work in practise . 
  i distinctly remember in around year 8-9 ( so 13-14 years ) it was a very hot day so we were all drinking lots of water . 
  some kid in my class deliberately pissed himself because the teacher did n't let him go to the toilet . 
  not many teachers stopped us after that . 
  the southern white house is n't bugged . 
  so know we 're judging women by their father 's actions ? 
  i thought women were autonomous beings who could think and act independently ? 
  ivanka is a successful business woman , and a role model to young girls everywhere . 
  if she was on the left , you people would be praising her non-stop . 
  you are the hypocrites . 
  ` beginning of the end for trump ' where have i heard that before ? 
  well lots of gangs , particularly in some of the highest rate boroughs are made up of pakistanis . 
  was n't that right after the ahmadi fella was beheaded for wishing christians a happy easter ? 
  massive taxes , insufferable bureaucracy , unproductive and disaffected population , weak national character , higher crime rates , government overreach ...
