  i like both of them equally . 
  peter is more correct on a lot of things than christopher i think ( although on some things he can be a bit mental ) , he just did n't care to articulate them as well or be as charming in his delivery . 
  peter is and was very british but christopher always had an american flair about him . 
  christopher is no doubt a great loss to the western world . 
  if you 're at all interested in british history or culture , i would thoroughly recommend peter 's book ` the abolition of britain ' . 
  an excellent read and fascinating account of the decline of the british empire and denigration of our great culture in more recent years . 
  on some issues they agreed , abortion being one of them actually . 
  christopher was against abortion like his brother and in my opinion rightly so . 
  i agree that peter 's far too theocratic in his idealism though and his stance on gay marriage is certainly questionable . 
  it 's routed in his idea of family and i do n't think it 's bigoted so much as antiquated . 
  eh , i 'm a bit more of a traditionalist conservative myself so maybe i 'm not the most neutral observer . 
  oh really ? 
  i believe you , i just have n't seen or heard anything to suggest that but i might well be wrong - have you got any sources ? 
  ah cheers !, 
  i have n't heard the podcast for a while so i must have missed it . 
  last one i heard he was going off on clinton being a scumbag and then saying why he understands people that are voting for trump . 
  the guys probably in the middle . 
  i do agree that christopher was certainly the charismatic one , whereas peter does n't seem to really give a fuck how he appears to people ( sometimes to his detriment ) . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  unless ecuador are complicit , which is certainly possible . 
  they may have been put under duress by the united sates and united kingdom governments however . 
  even as a britbong , i can sincerely say that that was the day that a truly free state was born . 
  i love my country but the usa will always hold a special place in my heart . 
  i just hope and pray that your freedoms which we have either lost or never had here in europe survive this dreadful election . 
  i think we have to remember that this is just one nutty individual who is n't representative of all brexiteers . 
  the same way that there are a select few loonies on the remain side suggesting that all brexit voters are racists . 
  you get your fringes on both sides and they are in the minority . 
  stuff like this just stokes the flames . 
  as a bi guy this sort of stuff really annoys me . 
  tv does n't owe us representation . 
  if you want to see more explicitly bi characters for the sake of validation then be the change you want to see . 
  get into tv writing and write bi characters who are actually interesting as oppose to figureheads . 
  live your sexual life how you want to , as bi people we have that right . 
  who gives a fuck what some imaginary characters do or do n't do . 
  ` erasure ' is a bullshit term which basically equates to ` waaa i want people like me overrepresented everywhere ' . 
  sadly , i think he has . 
  and if they do , who gives a shit ? 
  you do n't have a right not to be offended in the west . 
  i 've had the same experience . 
  i 'm a student in london and i know of absolutely no one apart from myself who voted leave . 
  i 've been fairly open about it and have been called quite a few unpleasant names as well , but i suppose that 's par for the course . 
  me too , and i 'm a student as well . 
  i know fucking no one who voted leave ( apart from myself ) . 
  blue as a whale usually . 
  it 's 3 am here and i have work 9-6 tomorrow but i do n't care !, 
  i would n't miss america being made great for the world . 
  thank you sir !, 
  we 've had a good time , but the real work begins tomorrow , whoever wins . 
  not quite yet , fella . 
  give it time . 
  it 's dat boi the 45th president of the united states !, 
  a great example of this is ohio . 
  white working class voters there voted obama in 08 ' . 
  they voted trump in 16 ' . 
  but this must be because of racism and white supremacy . 
  and saudi-arabia gave vast amounts of money to the clinton campaign . 
  do people accuse her of supporting terrorism ? 
  or of condoning the execution of rape victims or homosexuals ? 
  no of course they do n't . 
  because not everyone agrees with you on everything . 
  want a candidate that agrees with you 100 % ? 
  then run yourself . 
  that 's life with a democratic system of government . 
  you have to compromise on what you think is most important . 
  which version of hillary clinton supported gay marriage ? 
  04 , 08 , 12 or 16 hillary ? 
  she flip flopped on the issue so much it 's hard to tell her true position . 
  as of the clinton foundation website , it clearly states that the kingdom of saudi arabia donated between 10 and 25 million dollars . 
  how do you think the clinton campaign was funded ? 
  by the foundation , amongst others . 
  do you think that it 's appropriate for a candidate for the presidency to take such huge amounts of money from foreign governments ? 
  in your opinion . 
  is it a big deal when compared to a trade policy that will effect millions of americans ? 
  is it a big deal when compared to the affordable care act which will also effect millions ? 
  not really , is it ? 
  i do n't think it 's an issue that many americans particularly care about . 
  there are much bigger foreign policy concerns at the moment like russia , syria and china . 
  it certainly is n't at the foreground of the american public consciousness like guantanamo was . 
  i 'd agree with you that it probably is important , but most american voters do n't see it that way . 
  many of us do very much dislike hillary too though . 
  absolutely right . 
  imagine the scandals of our technology was available in the past . 
  very few people actually believe in socialism outside of progressive bubbles and universities . 
  sanders would have been trounced by trump , probably by an even bigger margin . 
  cracking reference , what a show that was . 
  probably true , although clearly trump loved brexit . 
  i think he sees us as ideological allies . 
  jesus christ man . 
  your obsession with race and characterising a continent as inbred is a good indicator of who is really racist here . 
  and oh so progressive and educated . 
  notice how so many people are talking about the college educated vote going to clinton . 
  it 's thinly veiled classism at its most obvious . 
  i think that 's a view of his that i 'd agree with to be honest . 
  there 's a precedent for it . 
  ambassador to the kennedy administration was a good friend of kennedy 's , as was given the position because of that . 
  22 ' might be an interesting one for france though . 
  let the eu fester a little longer while the uk prospers post brexit and i think it 's highly possible that le pen gets in . 
  you 're not far off measuring skull sizes , mate . 
  his mother was from scotland . 
  shitposter-in chief,
