  so 60 % reduction in illegal aliens crossing the border ? 
  given the vast deficit between what illegals cost and what they produce for the economy , i 'd say that 's a pretty good deal . 
  okay let 's say it 's only 40 % effective ( although looking at statistics from countries like israel and hungary who have recently erected border walls , it is in the 80-90 % s ) that 's still a huge saving year on year . 
  remember , this is a one time investment . 
  the annual statistics on disparity between money brought into the economy by illegals and money spent on them are in the 10s of billions . 
  this would take very little time to be saving the country money and it is a long term solution . 
  i agree it 's none of my damn business . 
  just do n't make me fucking pay for it . 
  why is that my responsibility ? 
  you want to get pregnant irresponsibly , go for it . 
  just do n't make me pay for it . 
  how is that sexist ? 
  yeah it 's rude , but it 's also fucking hilarious . 
  looks great - something i need in my life . 
  come to the uk . 
  it 's safe here , despite what you might hear . 
  just avoid the ghetto like parts of some of the biggest cities . 
  the countryside and most of the cities are very , very safe in general . 
  i 'll buy you a pint !, 
  why is it always us brits and you yanks who have to sort shit out on the continent ? 
  i 'm sick of it . 
  i genuinely fear for my european family . 
  germany just ca n't help itself from subjugating the rest of europe can it ? 
  this happens , and the eu is done . 
  these proto-communist fuckers wo n't give up their ultimate dream without a fight . 
  i hate to be that guy but i really think they might sabotage it . 
  what 's the feeling in france , francopedes ? 
  he 's just a good old boy . 
  haha , yup . 
  in israel whilst hila was doing national service too !, 
  they 're fucking rock stars . 
  i love it . 
  i 'm lithuanian-british and in the wider baltic european community here , this was huge news . 
  lithuanians do n't put up with islamist bullshit . 
  very sad that this happened and huge respect to him for speaking up , even when it has cost him his life . 
  islam - not even once . 
  i am a lithuanian ( pre-eu , legal ) immigrant to britain and can confirm that eastern europe is the only part of europe which is sensible on islam . 
  ` politics ', 
  ugh reddit 's self loathing is becoming almost unbearable . 
  god bless you nige, 
  please do n't trade binary options , for the love of god !, 
  because people are selfish and want the world to pay their way . 
  shareblue - seems legit . 
  so i think the government should be smaller and people should be more careful with their money and at the same time i support things like gay marriage and female empowerment . 
  why does this make me a bad person again ? 
  he 's so fabulous, 
  incredible scenes . 
  ` and twitter is loving it ' . 
  is this what counts for journalism these days ? 
  the level of sexism in the comments here is staggering . 
  judge her for her policy , not how she looks . 
  i 'm a trump supporter and i think this is hilarious . 
  it shows humility , a love of american culture and a great sense of humor . 
  can you imagine hilary ever doing anything like this ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  this is in the uk , so our demographics are slightly different and actually more white than the us . 
  this variety night used to be a bit of fun , a place to get pissed up and do a bit of stand up or music , etc. 
  now its been taken over like the rest of the uni and white men like myself are being genuinely discriminated against . 
  they hate talent , i think . 
  eh , it used to be a place where we could get pissed up and try a bit of stand up or music , etc. 
  it was a good laugh , and everyone embarrassed themselves . 
  now its been taken over . 
  the theatre company recently put a show on which was 100 % ` women of colour ' . 
  i kid you not , they advertised it as ` diverse ' . 
  it 's the soft bigotry of low expectations . 
  completely un-meritocratic . 
  if the hosts next year get in purely based on their skin colour , the show will suffer hugely . 
  i have considered saying that i 'm gender fluid and changing nothing about myself before performing . 
  alright mate , chill out . 
  you are clearly full of repressed hatred towards successful women . 
  do you think all women who do well are whores ? 
  or just the ones who you disagree with ? 
  how enlightened you are !, 
  right , i 'm now convinced that you still live with your parents and masturbate to cartoons . 
  get some respect for yourself , and maybe you 'll start to get some respect for women . 
  she was preparing to take a picture . 
  and since when did you decide white house etiquette ? 
  go to the old town ( bottom of laisv\u0117s al\u0117ja ) and bar hop . 
  lithuanians will be more than happy to party with you and show you the ropes . 
  i 've seen multiple people refer to her hair , make up and general appearance . 
  nice one, 
  and these people bankrolled clinton 's campaign . 
  i 'm convinced that we will see cruz as either president or vice president in the next 25 years . 
  this post is at fucking 0 !, 
  and people accuse us of vote manipulation ? 
  christ , this is how we know we are winning pedes . 
  what makes me laugh at these downvoting brigades is that someone is actually paying for it to happen . 
  given how it is constant , the costs must be racking up now and it 's only so long until they run out of will/resources to keep it up , and then they will realise that they spent tons of money and got literally nothing out of it . 
  go ahead , downvote us all you like . 
  it 's only making our cause more visible and you poorer . 
  petty as fuck . 
  the eu is n't a single entity with similar standards of living , income and crime rates across the board ? 
  who would 've thought !, 
  i mean , you know you 're sort of ... odd looking . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  it 's on charge now , do n't worry !, 
  sage words , sir . 
  i need high energy, 
  only so much the other subs can get botted to the front page eh guys ? 
  it 's known as subversion from within .
