  i do n't think i 've seen a better summary of why trump won . 
  he 's not ideal , let 's be honest . 
  but he is what we need . 
  he 's pretty right about why trump got elected though . 
  he does n't like him , but at least he 's self aware . 
  reporting for duty sir !, 
  such a low moment . 
  i ca n't believe those mps had the hubris to debate barring a future allied leader from the country . 
  the left are sexual degenerates . 
  they 're obsessed with sex and sexual identity and constantly try to devise new and disgusting ways to fulfil their depravity . 
  this does n't surprise me whatsoever . 
  i think pedophiles will be the next big ` civil rights ' push , honestly . 
  probably because they have nothing of significance in their lives . 
  it is sad really i suppose . 
  hopefully they 'll come round when they 're older . 
  why is hm the queen there ? 
  she 's one of us . 
  it 's a novella . 
  it 's only about 90 pages ( give or take depending on your edition ) . 
  i would definitely recommend it as the world it creates is fascinating . 
  it gets a bit preachy near the end but it explains individualism in a unique way . 
  it 's free for download online . 
  i 'm not a big fan of her fiction either to be honest . 
  it just is n't very subtle even though it does paint some interesting images . 
  i have n't read atlas shrugged but i read the fountainhead a few years back and struggled to finish it . 
  her essays are pretty good though , probably because she can get her point across more clearly without having to use clunky metaphors . 
  there are some elements of her theory in philip pullman 's his dark materials series , but obviously it 's more religious and creation imagery . 
  i have n't read any of goodkind 's work . 
  is it worth checking out ? 
  as some runt comedian, 
  laurie penny repeating the same ` immigration is always amazing and if you disagree you 're racist ' rhetoric that caused brexit and trump . 
  i voted leave , and i think that you 're probably right . 
  spice from tice, 
  we 'll do our best mate . 
  from people such as and like laurie penny who say that . 
  as a lithuanian , i can confirm that we love british batteries . 
  for example :, 
  obviously she does n't use the same language as me ( i 'm not quoting her ) but the implication is undoubtedly there . 
  she literally just conflated anti-immigration with racism on question time just now . 
  i have to say , as a lithuanian , i fucking love batteries . 
  we 've been in bed with germany for too long !, 
  i feel like they would be very similar . 
  it is obvious to anyone with a brain that i was paraphrasing a general sentiment which laurie penny embodies . 
  have another read of the article - she claims that farage is xenophobic . 
  are you going to make her edit her article ? 
  i stand by what i said , i 'm not editing anything . 
  perhaps you should learn to read with a more nuanced eye and stop with the impulse to censor others . 
  the american working class is a different beast . 
  he grew up in the rust belt which is the same constituency which voted trump . 
  he 's certainly become more cosmopolitan since he 's been in la. 
  my assertion that penny embodies the regressive idea that being against freedom of movement equals racism can be justified from a reading of her articles and simply watching her tonight on qt . 
  i raised farage as it was an example from the article of her conflating exactly what i just said . 
  it wo n't be there if you decide that do n't want to see it . 
  parts of massachusetts certainly are . 
  i 've had a bonk on since brexit . 
  sjws do love a good moral panic . 
  i think it 's because it gives them an opportunity to show how ` virtuous ' they are without having to actually do anything . 
  they can feel like they 've done something good ( by ruining someone 's life or livelihood ) and feel smug as ever about it . 
  they need to read the crucible . 
  i 'm starting to think she might be quite attractive . 
  like the comment above said , black people and other minorities here ( including myself - eastern european jewish background ) generally consider themselves british over anything else and hate identity politics . 
  blacks in particular seem to have a particular value for their own version of british culture ( often influenced by former caribbean colonies like jamaica and bermuda ) . 
  our country is more divided on class lines as oppose to race or any other classification . 
  considering our history , we 're a remarkably well integrated society . 
  it seems to me that the only community that seems to be struggling to integrate at the moment is the middle eastern society , for a number of reasons including high levels of immigration , cultural and religious practises , high birth rates and education . 
  british person . 
  just british really . 
  we 're more divided along class than race here . 
  just ` black ' , usually . 
  most of the black population here culturally originates from british island colonies like bermuda or jamaica and have no feeling of connection to africa . 
  honestly , we tend to just consider ourselves all british anyway . 
  britain does n't really divide itself along racial lines , but instead class based ones . 
  even then , people tend to integrate and consider themselves just british after a short period of time . 
  i would bloody love to . 
  not while the european courts can overturn british rulings . 
  the uk has the right to block certain dual citizenship requests , though . 
  on the whole , the uk allows dual citizenship but it could make an exception here . 
  it would be petty and bloody-minded , but it could do it . 
  i 'd probably buy this too , purely from a financial perspective as i have family in europe ( alas my parent 's country does n't allow dual citizenship ) but also want the uk to be an independent country . 
  opting in to this scheme would n't be hypocritical at all - in fact it would be a financially sound investment and the uk would maintain all the benefits of being out of the eu . 
  unfair on the rest of europe ? 
  possibly , but if they want to offer it then do n't be surprised when people take them up on it . 
  good question . 
  i doubt it , given that you are subject to the laws of the land you are in but it is certainly a unique case . 
  the sovereign state is the uk . 
  it is technically one country . 
  the different ` countries ' within the union behave somewhat similar to states in the us in some ways , each having a degree of autonomy in its laws and to an extent , it 's representation . 
  the parties are nation wide though , so for example the conservatives are in power and have mps in parliament from all the countries but mostly england . 
  england is the largest in terms of economy , land area and influence followed by scotland , then wales and finally northern ireland . 
  i know that 's very confusing but there are so many caveats and oddities in the british system that it 's difficult to some it up in a short paragraph . 
  basically , the uk is a sovereign country made up of a union of 4 countries that are all semi-autonomous but governed singularly . 
  states in the us is probably the closest analogy i can think of but there are many , many differences as well . 
  the ` city of london ' is a small area of about a mile squared inside the ` greater london area ' which is composed of the rest of the city . 
  due to historical reasons , the city of london is granted special privileges , laws , and a separate police force as well as tax differences . 
  both are in what you would know as ` london ' . 
  this is an excellent explanation - us centipedes who do n't understand the british system should give this a read . 
  johnny trash, 
  i met gervais in leicester square a few years ago . 
  he was just standing there near the odeon , waiting for someone so i thought i 'd pop over and introduce myself . 
  had a brief chat about the podcast and told him that i listen to the old xfm shows all the time , and he said he could n't believe that they let them on the air cause they were ' a load of bollocks ' .
