  can we be proper allies again ? 
  they 're never making the mistake of muslim immigration again !, 
  we cant stop winning !, 
  i ca n't fucking wait to get back our special relationship with you yanks !, 
  i 'm stunned, 
  you 'd better put the kettle on , patriot !, 
  it happened !, 
  we did it !, 
  i cant fucking believe it !, 
  probably thought it was benefits sign up . 
  we did it . 
  we fucking did it . 
  god save the queen !, 
  we are now officially the most based country in the world . 
  you were the best thing we ever made . 
  now we can lead the world again together . 
  britain has been made great again . 
  now to make america great again !, 
  because apparently not wanting open borders and freedom of habitation with way less developed nations in southern and eastern europe and potentially muslim majority countries such as turkey is racist . 
  because wanting to make one 's own trade deals with non eu countries does n't benefit other european countries as it would with us . 
  the left will always try to paint you as a racist when it comes to anything to do with trade or borders . 
  young people ( i 'm only 21 so am speaking from experience ) generally do n't appreciate the value of democracy in this country and are charmed by the far left types such as corbyn . 
  many are surface value voters and simply do n't know just how totalitarian and anti-democratic the european commission is structurally because they chose to buy into all the ` love not hate ' and ` more in common ' type of bullshit that means nothing and only virtue signals in a vague sort of way . 
  older folks are pragmatists and generally more fiscally conservative . 
  they do n't like how this country is governed from brussels and they do n't like how it is being changed culturally and socially . 
  as for scotland , i have no fucking clue . 
  historically it being very left wing is probably the only factor i can think of . 
  when are you guys gon na uncuck and blow merkel and all the refugees the fuck out of your beautiful country ? 
  i love you germany , sad to see the way you 're going . 
  thousands more votes for trump right there . 
  sanders sold himself out to the big corporations he pledged to legislate against . 
  what a terrible , terrible failure he is . 
  he 's now an mp for a west london borough and he 's very popular among conservative voters and the middle class . 
  he also led the leave campaign and as such , many think he will be the best prime minister to lead us in the wake of the referendum . 
  he 's not pc , he 's a raging capitalist and is very pro usa-uk partnership as he is actually a us citizen i believe . 
  his odds on becoming pm are very high . 
  as cameron will step down after a party leadership election in the summer , it seems like boris will probably take his place . 
  jeremy corbyn refusing to step down as labour leader . 
  vote trump so we can make great deals that benefit our two free , sovereign nations !, 
  also , if you can afford it try to visit us - we 'd love to have you here . 
  well sort of . 
  a vote of no confidence was passed by labour mps so there 's going to be a leadership election soon . 
  the quicker he goes , the better it will be for the party and the country as a result . 
  he may get reelected sadly , as the unions backed him last time and might well again . 
  he 's divided the party , shown no leadership initiative , been weak on policy and the eu and lost tons of traditional labour voters to ukip and the conservatives . 
  quicker the better in many of us labour supporters opinions . 
  it 's the uncertainty that 's the main problem , and corbyn is uncertainty embodied . 
  do you mean bovingdon ? 
  because that 's an absurdly small village right next to where i live and have never heard it referenced anywhere ever . 
  how have you heard of this place ? 
  dunno , but you can find her in the witley wood . 
  this man needs to uncuck himself fully . 
  he 's so goddamn close . 
  i bet he votes trump in november . 
  someone with political views was born in ' 97 ? 
  jesus i 'm getting old . 
  just realised that makes you 18/19 , fuck . 
  watch the left disown him . 
  almost as bad as the independent . 
  this is incredible . 
  she ca n't come back from this , surely ? 
  happy 4th patriot !, 
  i 'll be raising a pint of blue moon in your honour later . 
  hopefully next year we can celebrate our independence day . 
  she deflects shit like i 've never seen before . 
  either her supporters must be completely politically illiterate and stupid , or they just do not care about her immorality . 
  it 's baffling . 
  still , ca n't wait for trump to wipe the floor with her in the debates . 
  brought a tear to my eye . 
  i have no idea how she is still in the running . 
  in no other time in history would the dnc even have the balls to let her run let alone nominate her . 
  they think they 're above the law , but it has to come crashing down soon . 
  good man , i ca n't wait . 
  november is gon na be an absolute landslide victory for trump so we can celebrate that victory soon as well . 
  the thing about that is , they know it 's bullshit . 
  but for them , it 's narrative over fact , so they can morally justify smearing trump as an anti-semite despite no evidence . 
  the cancer of the left . 
  i 'm guessing that leadsom has offered him a place at the table during brexit negotiations and/or a possible future conservative cabinet , should she be elected . 
  this is the sort of guy i can imagine having a beer with round a campfire whilst grillin ' some meat . 
  i think he probably smokes ribs in his basement , so we 'd have some of those too . 
  very unlikely . 
  but what i think may well happen is that she 'll negotiate a very close trade deal that will oblige us to accept freedom of movement and contribute almost as much capital as we were before whilst limiting our ability to trade with other nations . 
  a sort of eu-lite . 
  which i of course think would be despicable . 
  i think he might rejoin the conservatives in the unlikely event that leadsom is elected . 
  based substance user, 
  not all of us !, 
  i 'm 20 , a university student and a second gen european immigrant to the uk . 
  still voted leave , mainly because of how undemocratic the eu is . 
  lots of fraudulent signatures also . 
  about 5,000 signatures were traced to north korea . 
  many of us leave voters were also very informed on the appalling way that the eu functions as a legislative body and voted to leave because of this . 
  the remain camp has been so patronising suggesting that we simply voted leave because ` we were lied to ' , implying gullibility . 
  both sides were lied to during the campaign , but all it takes is google and a library card to find these things out for yourself . 
  why liberals continue to defend an ideology that is palpably homophobic , misogynist ( promotes an actual rape culture ) , theocratic , violent , unscientific , authoritarian , intolerant and sexually restrictive is utterly beyond me . 
  surely it is against everything that liberals used to stand for ? 
  becoming isolated and getting out of an outdated , undemocratic customs union are absolutely not the same thing . 
  it frees the uk up to make its own trade deals with the other 98 % of the world markets as oppose to doing what 's best for the eu as a whole . 
  it means we do n't have to spend billions propping up the failing euro and countries like greece , spain , portugal and ireland who have fallen victim to it . 
  london , along with new york is the world financial capital , has been for a number of decades now .
