  the uk is the worlds 5th largest economy and will continue to be strong although instability will hurt for a while , possibly even a couple of years . 
  after the markets stabilise , we will be fine and in 10 or so years ( maximum ) when the euro and by proxy the eu crashes , the uk will be very glad it voted to leave . 
  i can muster no sympathy for her . 
  her young child however , will almost certainly be brought up in a toxic death cult and be shaped into another is militant , which is the awful tragedy here . 
  why the fuck is obama interfering is polish affairs ? 
  let 's just hope may comes through on her promises about brexit . 
  honestly as much as i liked leadsom , i did n't know if she has the strength to take on merkel and the like . 
  it 's probably for the best now that we do n't have the uncertainty of 9 weeks of campaigning . 
  a shame that the next prime minister wo n't be a brexiteer but i 'm cautiously optimistic . 
  technically yes , she has supreme power and theoretically could overthrow parliament , close the borders , instate the death penalty , have martial law , basically anything . 
  she could also do the same in canada , australia , new zealand and all other commonwealth states in which she is still head of state . 
  would never happen though , and if it did it would mean a swift end to the monarchy within a few years . 
  as a right wing , libertarian leaning voter , i 'm not a huge fan of may under normal political circumstances but i think she 's the best candidate for the current political situation in the uk . 
  that 's interesting . 
  in the uk it 's pretty commonplace , i certainly never thought of it as offensive . 
  there 's a school at my uni called the ` school of oriental and african ' studies even . 
  i think it even appears on forms which ask about ethnicity . 
  there 's a lot of misinformation in this thread by people who mostly do n't understand the political climate in the uk . 
  may is based as fuck . 
  in her years as home secretary she has been involved in the stopping of numerous attempted terror attacks unlike the security agencies throughout europe and now sadly america . 
  she 's a christian , and has been enormously critical of islam in the past - her praising of sharia was actually a very clever political move as it allowed her to praise the largely inconsequential aspects of it and criticise the rest quite brutally , whilst still maintaining cohesion and not being called a bigot by the msm . 
  i for one , am very excited to have her as our next pm . 
  kites , mostly . 
  but we do have hawks and eagles too . 
  she has n't hailed sharia courts , read the article before you comment . 
  she 's criticised them quite brutally ( rightly so ) and called for an inquiry into them . 
  basically she has criticised them without being called a bigot . 
  she was still voted ` islamophobe ' of the year though . 
  it 's very difficult to say . 
  probably instill a more complaint monarchy but legal powers would be greatly reduced , effectively making the post even more worthless than it is now . 
  the constitutional upheaval that would entail an end to the monarchy and a reversion to a republic would be enormous . 
  no viable ones though . 
  i do n't know if she will to be honest , i think the labour party might split . 
  cultural relativism is great , is n't it ? 
  mohammed did it . 
  and he was the perfect muslim . 
  as i 'm a pasty white britbong , can someone explain to me what the bloody hell ` fina ' means ? 
  still , based as fuck and i love the passion this lady has . 
  merkel hates him !, 
  better than your culture saying that it is okay to stone women for getting raped , throw homosexuals off roofs for expressing their sexuality and kill anyone who is n't a ` good enough muslim ' . 
  in what way ? 
  i 'm stating a fact about mohammed . 
  if that makes me a troll , then i guess i am . 
  so what have i misrepresented then ? 
  was mohammed a paedophile or was he not ? 
  to be honest , she really is . 
  anyone else find may quite attractive ? 
  i bet she knows a move or two . 
  not really . 
  she supports taking child refugees , but she has strongly campaigned against taking in the vast numbers required by eu quotas . 
  she 's also told prospective refugees not to bother crossing the mediterranean and suggested that there is n't a war on in the southern european gateway countries ( implying that they should stay there instead of coming here ) . 
  women tend to be ruled by emotion and feelings . 
  men tend to be more pragmatic , which is why a lot of men lean more to the right . 
  there are exceptions of course , and i think may just might be one of them . 
  i would say that 's a resounding plus point !, 
  honestly , i would take women and children provided they can prove that they are fleeing war . 
  it 's the single men of raping age that i would n't want anywhere near our continent . 
  we wo n't take anywhere near the number that sweden or germany has under may . 
  not good enough , i agree . 
  but better than the alternative . 
  that is ludicrously optimistic . 
  ukip are in no position to form a government or even really have a platform at the moment . 
  at least this competent conservative government will shut out the socialist commie cunts for another 15 years . 
  she very meekly campaigned for remain . 
  she made i think one or two public appearances in support but was n't a main voice at all . 
  she 's known to have been euroskeptic for years and fought them on many issues . 
  i think she 'll come through . 
  glad i was n't the only one . 
  once the dust settles , perhaps . 
  she 's in pretty good shape , nice sultry sternness air to her . 
  i 'm not saying i would n't . 
  ( i would ), 
  filth, 
  eat less , move more . 
  that simple . 
  of course it fucking is . 
  this is a defining moment in the election . 
  trump is a goddam genius for sending this out at literally the perfect time . 
  he 's done what hillary could never do - capture the public imagination so perfectly whilst completely obliterating his opponent . 
  i hope he does n't change when he gets into the white house . 
  out of curiosity , why would you never vote for trump ? 
  he 's far closer ideologically to bernie than hillary . 
  she should have been ` poison ' type . 
  did you have to get a permit for that ? 
  of course it fucking is . 
  it 's an entertaining and fun franchise so of course it can not be allowed . 
  christ i hate islam . 
  sikhs are generally lovely , peaceful people who accept pretty much everyone equally . 
  there is no compulsion in religion for them , it is merely a guideline on living well and happily . 
  as religions go , it is pretty much the best one in my opinion . 
  plus they fucking hate islam historically , the religion forming as a martial group which defended hindus and other non-muslims from islamic terrorism and persecution . 
  they are some of the best immigrants we have in the western world , and some of the most based patriots in the us and uk . 
  the sikhs continue to be a great ally of the british . 
  there 's a sikh bloke who runs the shop down the road from me and he has union flags up everywhere in his shop . 
  he campaigned for leaving the eu with me as well , citing one of his reasons being the islamic insurgency into europe . 
  the guy fucking loves the uk and the european way of life more than any other brit i 've met . 
  fuck islam and fuck those that want to import it 's sick ideology into our countries . 
  what would you think about a co-operative trade deal between iceland , norway , uk and switzerland ? 
  all very highly developed countries with high incomes , comparable quality of living , similar education standards , more similar culturally than a lot of the other eu countries , etc. 
  could be much more successful than the eu .
