  and hillary supporters included actual anti-semites and black supremacists . 
  that does n't mean that either movement is characterised by those individuals . 
  is hillary responsible for those that advocate for the massacre of jews ? 
  no of course she is n't , and neither is trump responsible for the tiny amount of nazis that supported his agenda . 
  there 's a thing called nuance , i suggest you practise it in political discourse . 
  you 've switched your argument - we were talking about supporters before - no legitimate response to that ? 
  pray tell , who are the neo-nazis in the cabinet ? 
  that 's quite a damning assertion that i would have thought would need to be backed up . 
  yes ` nuance ' . 
  you know , not calling everyone you disagree with a nazi . 
  so steve bannon is a nazi ? 
  can you support that with evidence ? 
  16d inter-dimensional do n't wake dad . 
  what is tofu and is it gay ? 
  fantastic speech !, 
  nottingham even hates itself . 
  great city and people , just painfully english . 
  anyone see prime minister may 's speech to the congressional republicans ? 
  it was fantastic , i feel like we could be in an age of reagan and thatcher all over again !, 
  god bless america and god save the queen !, 
  no , i think it was obamas 2011 state visit . 
  i ca n't wait until trumps state visit to the uk , will be a much better celebration . 
  i think he 's spent more time in the white house getting stuff done than barry o did already . 
  i 'm really finding it hard to see what exactly is wrong with trump 's immigration policy . 
  america wants to enforce its borders , then it has every right to do so . 
  these policies are also supported by a majority of the electorate . 
  this odd modern notion that countries are obligated to open their doors to anyone from anywhere at all times just seems bizarre to me . 
  when did we stop talking rationally about immigration and basing policy on evidence as oppose to vague and overplayed concepts of fairness . 
  i 'm starting to think people are just looking for reasons to shit on trump because he 's not their guy . 
  kek, 
  he shitposts better than me and i 've been in the game much longer . 
  feelsbadman, 
  how many refugees has vatican city taken in ? 
  christians are quite literally the worlds most persecuted minority religious group . 
  i do n't see these lefties bring that up when discussions of minority rights come up . 
  and that is how you lose your country . 
  this is ludicrous and cheapens any debate of actual , legitimate grievances about the president . 
  if the media ( including reddit ) keeps turning the dial up to 11 over every little comment about him by random celebrities then people are going to stop caring . 
  stories like this only bolster his support and make people apathetic to when serious stories actually come out . 
  you 're giving yet more power to the executive when you upvote petty pieces like this . 
  for me , that was when they buried the orlando nightclub shooting . 
  and that is why your side is losing . 
  the democrats have forgotten their principles and without them , they just become the opposition party . 
  without principles , the dems cease to have conviction other than ` win at all costs , who cares if it 's illegal ' like clinton 's campaign . 
  that does n't inspire . 
  that 's how they lost so badly and will likely continue to do so next year . 
  this fake hysteria is ludicrous and cheapens the state of the debate . 
  if the media ( and reddit ) keeps turning the dial up to 11 for every little thing he does , even if it is appointing a generally decent judge like gorsuch , then middle america will quickly burn out and not care when he does something genuinely disturbing . 
  it 's like we 've forgotten nuance or measure in any argument anything to do with the trump administration . 
  it 's frankly disingenuous and is why trump won the election and the republicans will likely gain again at the mid terms . 
  how tolerant of you to categorise the vast majority of americans as a ` drain ' , ` morons ' and ` assholes ' . 
  do you care about america or do you care more about ` diversity ' ? 
  because that is how you lose everything that is good about america and what afforded you your freedoms and rights . 
  no such thing as ` free ' healthcare . 
  because healthcare is n't cheap . 
  it 's expensive to train doctors . 
  it 's expensive to maintain medical equipment and buy supplies . 
  it 's expensive to research new treatments and provide space for sick people . 
  sure , the usa has different pricing for the consumer than lots of european countries because it is n't subsidised by the taxpayer on anywhere near the same scale . 
  healthcare is n't a right . 
  what i do n't understand is how people who transition know that they are the ` opposite ' sex . 
  it is a literally impossible thing to know as they 've never been in that situation biologically . 
  maybe i 'm ill informed but that 's just something i 've never understood . 
  that seems logical when discussing a mental state that suggests to the individual that they are the opposite sex . 
  is the science even out on this yet ? 
  surely we do n't have the proper backing to just start hacking off people 's body parts indiscriminately ? 
  and women chose to do lower paid jobs and generally take more time off for sickness and ( if they have children ) maternity leave . 
  how is gender different to sex if biological problems are causing the problems in the first place ? 
  it 's worth 50 pence . 
  it has 6 sides , so it would n't even if that was how coinage worked . 
  this is not surprising , although i honestly thought it would be higher . 
  islam offers literally nothing positive to our societies in the 21st century . 
  in many ways , it will help reduce muslim immigration through europe however . 
  for example , germany takes in many muslims who after only a short amount of time can get eu citizenship and then travel freely to uk or any other eu nation . 
  given that muslim immigration into the eu is only increasing , leaving the eu would likely stop some of that flow . 
  not surprising . 
  islam offers literally nothing positive to our societies . 
  yes you 're probably right , the figure is likely around zero for now . 
  my point was that this is on the horizon as is a rise in numbers from the already very high numbers . 
  it would have happened had we not voted out most likely . 
  you mean common sense ? 
  big if true, 
  does someone not want to discuss problems in the muslim community ? 
  they were allowed to do this because of local council 's fear of being labelled as ` islamaphobic ' and failure to acknowledge the problems in islamic culture in britain . 
  well it 's true , mate . 
  has it ? 
  seems pretty legitimate when it was the sole reason that allowed hundreds of girls to continue to be raped . 
  i liked cameron , but i could n't agree more . 
  he really came across as the sort of bloke who would piss in your vase when you were n't looking . 
  may looks capable , calm , and just thatcher-like enough to be somewhat effective . 
  whether she turns out to be so will become clear when article 50 is triggered . 
  we still use an odd combination of metric and imperial measurements . 
  we like to be different . 
  prove it does n't . 
  you 're the one that wants to destroy it . 
  there most certainly is one ,, 
  yours ,, 
  a recent graduate . 
  and how much is the deficit of public money spent on illegal immigrants every year ? 
  much , much higher than $ 20 billion .
