i have a friend who is half jamaican , half chinese . 
  he calls himself a wasp . 
  ` why am i muscly ? ', 
  ` the monkeys whose eyes pop out their heads the furthest ... steve ', 
  children of the corn, 
  i believe it 's this one :, 
  cracking episode . 
  yep , tottenham need to win all their remaining games now . 
  the party round jamie vardy 's will have to wait until tomorrow at the earliest now . 
  even fifth could be a challenge now what with you having to go to the boleyn on the 10th . 
  that 's never an easy game . 
  it 's funny how liberals lose their shit when so-called ` minorities ' or oppressed classes ( which somehow includes women ) do n't align with their political beliefs . 
  just look at how much they hate milo and ben carson . 
  it 's got ta be newt , surely . 
  proven track record in the senate , established moderate politician and has a funny name . 
  everything that trump needs . 
  the horror . 
  person of shit ? 
  i agree , it is very important that trump establishes himself as legitimately able to pass legislation and come through on his promises . 
  gingrich would definitely help with that . 
  it does seem like their opposing stances on nafta could be a huge ideological divide though , and its not something that trump would or should compromise on . 
  definitely not an easy trade off . 
  i was feeling the bern but recently jumped ship after reading trump 's policies more closely and surprisingly realising i completely agreed with most things he has to say . 
  i know others who have done the same the other way . 
  just goes to show that the ideological divide is n't insurmountable and we can work together to make sure shillary does n't get office !, 
  he 's keen for press secretary, 
  his stance on nafta might be a real problem though . 
  i agree he 's probably the best candidate given his success in the senate but i think he 's too obvious for trump , and the disagreement on trade might hurt a trump administration . 
  his coat privileges have been revoked . 
  trump 's position on healthcare , the iraq war , and free trade pretty much swung it for me . 
  they are very similar to sander 's views but trump goes further on the trade issue . 
  seizing the memes of production . 
  on healthcare :, 
  * repeal obamacare, 
  * allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system . 
  ` we must review basic options for medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it . ', 
  - from trump website . 
  * reform federal and state laws on insurance and free market entry for drug companies who could compete and thus provide cheaper and wider access to drugs . 
  on iraq :, 
  * he opposed the iraq war and any intervention in that part of the middle east from well before the us decided to invade . 
  he continues destabilization and military intervention . 
  on trade :, 
  * tough approach with china, 
  * trade tarriffs on us goods, 
  * dismantling of nafta, 
  * more protectionist policy, 
  the media really is mis-representing him as some sort of racist bigot sexist but that is n't the case when looking at what he has publicly said on these issues . 
  he is a bit of a blow-hard and not the most subtle man , but i think that he really believes in a government by and for the people . 
  hillary is the one who has been involved in playing racial , identity based politics, 
  look up decathlon 's home brand ` b'twin ' and their triban series . 
  great starter bikes , really durable , lovely to ride , carbon fork , good set of gears . 
  brand new they go for about # 300-400 ( not sure what that is in usd ) but you could definitely pick one up cheaper second hand . 
  anywhere outside in old town !, 
  i lived in ` eastern europe ' for a few years . 
  i loved it , would have gladly stayed if it was n't for the wife wanting to be closer to her parents . 
  ` eastern europe ' is n't just one homogenous identity , lots of cultures and different standards of living . 
  i 'm thinking of doing something very similar - from london to denmark via holland and germany . 
  i 've budgeted a similar amount to you , but i have n't done a long tour before either so probably listen to other people !, 
  when are you heading off ? 
  i 'd be keen for some company !, 
  except you know ... trump, 
  the thing is , this has the potential to be so much bigger than watergate . 
  hilary has deleted/hidden thousands of incriminating emails that suggests fraud , collusion , selling secrets , even selling foreign policy amongst other counts of treason and abuse . 
  she could and should be tried and go to prison for a very long time - something that nixon somehow avoided . 
  i just hope this breaks before november . 
  we love our russians do n't we ? 
  do n't we have the best russians !, 
  putin is a fucking top leader . 
  i do n't agree with him on a lot but jesus does he know how to run a country . 
  i can not fucking wait to see what trump has up his sleeve for the presidential debates after all the primaries are done and it 's just those two . 
  i bet he has so much shit on her that we would not even believe it if it was n't for how bent hilary is . 
  trump is the genuinely the best moral , economic , social , military and foreign policy choice !, 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i really think it will , and it will go down in history as a giant smear on american politics , just like watergate . 
  ah yes of course - ford lost the election over it did n't he ? 
  the trump administration will need people like you , son . 
  god 's work . 
  it really is fascinating , i 'm writing a piece at the moment for my student journal about how the left is becoming more and more authoritarian , policing language , action , sexuality , etc. 
  i 've uncovered some unbelievable stuff when researching !, 
  thanks !, 
  i finish exams tomorrow so i should be able to give it a good go . 
  i 'll post a link here when i finish it !, 
  i 'm at a pretty liberal uni too so i might come up with some problems trying to publish it !, 
  i 'll make sure to post it somewhere online at least . 
  i will do for sure !, 
  i 'll post it here when i 'm done !, 
  will do , for sure !, 
  i will do , for sure . 
  might be another week or so until i 'm done . 
  surely we can send them videos of someone better ? 
  like hitchens or ayan hirsi-ali . 
  i think that the amazing atheist would probably turn them off from it if anything . 
  cheers , well you 've given me a deadline now so hopefully i 'll be finished by then !, 
  hi gavin , huge fan of your work at rebel and ( formerly ) vice . 
  are you or any of the other renowned shitlords on the circuit planning on doing some public events in europe ? 
  left wing madness is rife on uk college campuses and we need you to come and trigger some pussies !, 
  haha no worries , the more the better !, 
  i 'll link it to you when i 'm done . 
  the religion of peace strikes again . 
  i do n't agree with everything he says or all of his policies ( although it do agree with a lot ) , but it 's his sincerity that swings it for me .
