  i 'll report back on the situation there centipedes . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't be pretty . 
  shepherd 's bush underground station never looked so maga !, 
  on average men have higher iqs than women and whites have higher iqs than blacks . 
  does n't mean that one group is inherently more intelligent than the other , just that they generally perform better at the skills needed to do well at a test . 
  i had completely erased this from my memory , you are a bad man hpb for bringing this back into my consciousness . 
  utterly appalling . 
  well then why are more women going to university than men ? 
  why are young white men the most likely to be undereducated ? 
  it sounds to me like you are using statistics in a way that a typical far right winger might . 
  i am not going to dignify that level of stupidity with a response . 
  clearly you have no grasp of how the world functions - a trait typical of left wingers . 
  clearly this chap ironically does n't have the capacity to follow your reasoned logic . 
  that or he 's a troll . 
  i 'm now convinced that you 're a troll, 
  this is because we have absolutely no viable alternative . 
  the labour party is a wreck and we are in very constitutionally unstable times given brexit ( which i incidentally voted in favour of ) . 
  she 's genuinely the best option and she has quite a few appealing qualities for voters . 
  i am vehemently against her encroachment on my privacy but i would vote for her at a general election in a heartbeat . 
  at least until labour can sort itself out and swing back to the centre . 
  the alternatives are far , far worse . 
  i hate the encroachment on my privacy but i would vote for her at a ge in a heartbeat . 
  at least for now . 
  she 's a conservative . 
  that 's enough , apparently . 
  possibly , but i really ca n't see the working class former labour voters going back any time soon . 
  with brexit , labour ( and to a somewhat lesser extent conservatives ) showed that they are vastly out of touch with the electorate . 
  the lib dems would have to do a 180 on most of their current policies if they wanted even the slightest chance at gaining those voters back . 
  labour is dying and conservatism is rising amongst the british electorate . 
  persian women are some of the most beautiful in the world . 
  such a shame that islam has wrecked that once amazing country . 
  make iran persia again !, 
  i think the only demographic that still has strong labour support is the young , white middle class who also have very low voter turnout . 
  young people are starting to become more conservative and people who used to vote tribally for labour are siphoning off voters to ukip and the cons . 
  i live in a fairly high hindu/sikh area , and my sikh friends have all switched to conservative and they tell me that a lot of the community is even going to ukip . 
  that 's a good point about old school labour voters dieing out . 
  do you think our ageing population will eventually present problems for the cons ? 
  me too . 
  i voted for miliband and genuinely liked him . 
  if a snap election is called soon , i will be voting tory . 
  what are your thoughts on owen smith ? 
  for me , there are so many reasons . 
  he 's a poor leader , stuck in the politics of the 80s and ca n't see how the world has changed since then . 
  he 's inconsistent on the eu , he 's pro hamas , he 's in the pocket of momentum and the unions , he 's a socialist authoritarian and pro nuclear disarmament . 
  basically he embodies the regressive left and completely misunderstands the political climate of the country . 
  he 'll never win back the labour voters that have left and most of his supporters are middle class idealists . 
  i agree that he 's more electable , but i could probably carve a more electable politician than corbyn out of a banana . 
  he just seems more of the same to me . 
  he 's yet to state his opinions on lots of important issues . 
  his stance thus far seems to be ` i 'm not corbyn ' . 
  has that been proven yet ? 
  she is far more socially liberal than putin . 
  she may be authoritarian but british authoritarianism is vastly different to that of russia . 
  and i was n't referring to you specifically , just stating that many people tribally hate the tory 's and will slander them with little to no knowledge of their actual policies . 
  particularly people i know at university . 
  do try not to insinuate that anyone who disagrees with your viewpoint must be brainwashed by the media . 
  it does n't make for good discourse . 
  by modern political standards , yes corbyn is extreme . 
  he is a supporter of hamas , an islamic extremist terrorist organisation . 
  he is in favour of nuclear disarmament . 
  he wants to abolish the monarchy . 
  he is a supporter of irish unification . 
  not to mention his hardcore socialist economic policy which itself could certainly be labelled extreme if you happen to believe in liberty and equality under law . 
  in what world is he a moderate ? 
  the notion that we have an ` almost universally right wing media ' is ludicrous . 
  the bbc is generally left leaning . 
  the guardian , the economist , channel 4 , the independent and lots of smaller news companies that young people read such as buzfeed , huffington post , etc. 
  are all extremely left wing . 
  there are right wing outlets too , but it is fairly well balanced in my opinion . 
  nuclear disarmament in this day and age is absolutely an extremist view , regardless of how many mps voted for it . 
  a minority consensus does not change that . 
  it is frankly , a suicidally idealistic viewpoint to have given the instability of our world and the vulnerability of ourselves and our allies . 
  it is obscene moral posturing over safety and the continued state of peace between western nations . 
  perhaps republicanism is n't extreme . 
  it is pointless and completely against what the general electorate want though . 
  wanting to abolish a valuable governmental structure such as the monarchy that has survived for more or less 1,000 years is a pointless exercise given that it is largely symbolic anyway . 
  idealism over pragmatism yet again from corbyn . 
  it might look good , but it does n't win votes . 
  believe me , as a son of someone who fought in ni , the ira are an extremist body . 
  they want to remove by force people who do not conform to their religious beliefs and take their land for a separate sovereign country . 
  if that is not extremism , then i do n't know what is in your books . 
  socialism by definition is antithetical to liberty and justice . 
  what is fair about taxing wealthy people massively more than poorer people ? 
  why should the government have the power to do that ? 
  that is nothing more than legalised theft in my view . 
  we should focus on equality of opportunity for people ( which we largely have already ) and not equality of outcome . 
  what is inherently wrong with inequality anyway when everyone is better off overall and people have control over their lives anyway ? 
  again , you resort to baseless ad hominems to paint me as ill educated and gullible when we just clearly have vastly different political views . 
  as is the prerogative of the left , i suppose . 
  as a native cyrillic reader , that hurts to look at . 
  when i was at vilnius university we used lined paper . 
  try the big supermarkets like iki or maxima !, 
  is n't this akin to committing an act of war on both british soil and ecuadorian juridicial territory ? 
  the clinton 's are so fucking bold . 
  he 'll be painted as ` mentally ill ' , you wait . 
  a six hour work day is just asking for companies to either go overseas or outsource a huge amount of labour . 
  would be terrible for business . 
  and how on earth would it be enforced ? 
  surely if people want to work longer hours , they should be entitled to do so ? 
  your snarfing is duly noted .
