  because of the blackout , i have n't been able to find anything out about people in france 's reactions to the leaks . 
  has no one told them that the french revolution ended in mass executions and the rise of the dictator napoleon ? 
  there 's a reason why the american revolution led to the most successful country in the history of the world . 
  it was based on individualism and freedom , not collectivism and ` equality ' . 
  this hits far too close to home . 
  britain is fucked in the long term . 
  this hits far too close to home . 
  britain is fucked in the long term . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  it 's heartbreaking . 
  no sensible people support this , none at all . 
  why are the radical minority doing this to us ? 
  it 's sickening . 
  i love my country , our culture , our history but it is being eroded deliberately . 
  this is an active decision . 
  we were once so great and free . 
  now we bow to this toxic ideology . 
  he 's right on a global scale . 
  persecution of christians in the middle east is very commonplace , as it was in the soviet union and china until very recently ( although it does still happen on a pretty large scale in china ) . 
  many parts of africa are hostile to christians also . 
  the fact it 's mike pence saying it does n't discredit the facts . 
  just because reddit is ridiculously us centric and many of you seem to equate american christianity with white people and therefore somehow oppression speaks only to your own masochism and warped ideas about what oppression really is . 
  try living in syria or egypt or china as a committed christian and see how hard life is for you . 
  this , ladies and gentlemen is what we call ` projection ' . 
  honest question , who have the dems got to run who does n't represent many of the reasons they lost last year ? 
  there seems to be a talent void in the party . 
  pretty funny to be honest . 
  0 votes ? 
  this only makes it more obvious that we 're right . 
  slash benefit spending by at least 25 % . 
  re-nationalise the railways . 
  making taxes a terrorist act . 
  shit , i 've been found out . 
  his home planet of coruscant , where he will be given the full funeral honours due to a jedi master and founding member of the galactic council . 
  the seven deadly sins are n't mentioned in the bible . 
  which you 'd know if you were n't a hypocrite who thinks they 're above sin . 
  well considering western society is in large part based on christian ideas , particularly the rule of law , then i would say you do take standards from it all the time , wether you like it or not . 
  your comment shows pure historical and cultural ignorance . 
  does n't mean it 's not the same religion . 
  hey can i come in please ? 
  thanks pal !, 
  sounds like a good plan , mate . 
  that 'll change their mind !, 
  well get citizenship then !, 
  good to hear , chap . 
  i did not know that . 
  i suppose you are somewhat self governing though , no ? 
  what if the rhetoric of ` resist at all costs ' is finally taking hold on people and shifting the overton window ? 
  we 're seeing violence being justified with things like the trump assassination play and kathy griffin 's recent antics . 
  it 's too early to tell at this time i suppose , but it 's worth bearing in mind . 
  someone shooting members of a right wing party . 
  does n't it seem possible that it 's a leftist ? 
  so there is literally no possible way this could be a leftist ? 
  what a thoroughly reprehensible thing to say . 
  first you suppose that if the dems had been targeted , the gop would n't care and then you go on to say how they ` had this coming ' . 
  no one deserves to be shot in these circumstances . 
  yet you seem to think this is perfectly justified . 
  appalling . 
  this just goes to show that you can think yourself into a totally immoral position if you believe that you 're righteous . 
  evil runs down the individual , not party lines . 
  ` rep. 
  ron desantis , r-fla. , told fox news he left just before the shooting . 
  as he walked to his car , a man asked desantis if it was republicans or democrats practicing . 
  about three minutes later , at around 7:15 a.m. the shooting began , desantis said . 
  it reportedly lasted about 10 minutes ' - via fox news website . 
  ` most people of that generation are selfish and nihilistic scum ' - jeez , you must have some sorting of your own life to do if you can happily throw that around . 
  how old are you , 19 ? 
  it seems to me that nihilism is getting worse in the young , leading to resentment of their own culture . 
  ` we should steal rich people 's property because they are rich and therefore evil ', 
  search ` alex jones indie ' . 
  it 's the first link . 
  enjoy . 
  he 's wrong here , and he knows it . 
  he wants a hard brexit and always has . 
  it 's pretty much the only thing i agree with him on . 
  good watch . 
  cheers mate !, 
  i 'm currently completing my tefl certificate with the goal of teaching in korea . 
  should i start looking for jobs now , or wait until i 'm done ? 
  no thank you . 
  i 'd rather not have an increase in attacks on women and minorities or a larger dependent population , if it 's all the same . 
  it does make me laugh how people say that capitalism could never work properly because people are greedy , yet socialism is a far better alternative because people inherently want to work together . 
  i think the reality is that yes , we are greedy naturally . 
  to an extent . 
  and capitalism is probably the best system we have thus far thought of in curtailing that greed at least to the point where our systems are somewhat democratic and people are n't continuously in the streets murdering each other over politics . 
  my grandpa is from lithuania , in the former soviet union . 
  he tells an old joke that goes roughly like :, 
  ` we had an agreement with the soviets . 
  we pretended to work and they pretended to pay us . ', 
  what motivation is there for people when they can work twice as hard as their neighbour and still have the same wage ? 
  maybe in an ideal world , although in reality the bigger the government , the bigger the state and the bigger the state , the more unlikely it is to be transparent and thus corrupt/tyrannical . 
  i agree with you that a global government is probably necessary in the far future as technology expands exponentially but just which economic and social ideologies exist/are feasible then we simply can not know . 
  in all likelihood , literally everything we know now including language , culture , even our physical bodies will be unrecognisable . 
  personally i doubt we 'll even make it to the distant future . 
  hell maybe , we 're too big to fail . 
  but what do i know ? 
  some certainly did . 
  they did in lithuania , just pitiful wages that could n't reach the ever inflating costs of food prices due to terrible government initiatives and the murdering of wealthy farmers . 
  ever heard of overtime ? 
  one of my co-workers never takes any overtime and then she moans at why i have better financial security than her even though we 're on the same wage .
