yes , but why does the text says `` smurfs '' at the top of the photo ? 
  what do you mean by re-release ? 
  ca n't you just download it from some site ? 
  i would apply , but i 'm a javascript pirate ... 
  i once met a woman from beyond time and she brought me this letter . 
  this was staged . 
  the 1992 mercedes cost ~ 1,500 eur . 
  the mayor is a rich asshole , that 's all . 
  staged . 
  the mayor in question is known for corruption and publicity stunts like this . 
  try to do this yourself , you 'll get sued and probably lose your driving license . 
  wtf with the subliminal advertising ? 
  hey , did anyone notice `` derp '' in the url ? 
  `` we need to go beyond the condemnation of spaghetti code to the, 
  active encouragement of ravioli code . '', 
  the correct answer is rrrobo-booogy , my dear . 
  i want a t-shirt with that :-) ) ), 
  so ... that means he was not as efficient at killing people and does not deserve a t-shirt ? 
  the moose is on the loose !, 
  where 's the original ? 
  the pic is fabulous without the caption :-), 
  i 'd be fucked . 
  i would have to move really fast and find some good people to hide me for 3-4 years so that kgb would n't find out about me . 
  with my non-depressing-color clothes i would be hard to miss in the crowd . 
  much more than marty in 1955 . 
  after that i would go help the new government of my country to rebuild it . 
  i guess 1985 was very different in different parts of the world ... 
  i would also probably try to help the gnu/linux guys to get ahead of the competition :-), 
  i sent this to my wife and wrote her to learn more . 
  they 're playing this with vodka . 
  why zoidberg ? 
  was it back when pluto was a planet ? 
  the zipper ... 
  damn it feels good to be a gangsta !, 
  got a wife and two kids . 
  no time for girlfriends . 
  +5 informative . 
  or about 1:10,000 `` breakthroughs '' in the battery area ... 
  i am now afraid to use it ... 
  how did you know i have a beard ? 
  this is getting wierd . 
  reporting a lol . 
  i am doing do, 
  could have been . 
  community reviews \u2192 filter : 1 star, 
  ftfy, 
  you spelled correct !!, 
  artist : queen, 
  me to , bro , me to ... 
  you need to relax more -- slow down and reduce emphasis/emotion in the words . 
  listen to something like this and you 'll probably get into rhythm :, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znjgisqfbas ( link copied from a suggestion above ), 
  are n't we all ? 
  is that br\u00fcno on the left ? 
  spray some fluid helium at the pulsars emitting the music , then complain to the management about shitty sound quality . 
  relax man . 
  you sound like your sleeploop is infested with dream parasites . 
  use intergalactic planetary sabotage , dude . 
  i know some boys who could help ;-), 
  write a spell that would go through all their dogbook profiles and click `` like '' , or buy it from a wizard . 
  thank you for your helpful answer !, 
  i now worry about the things i might create . 
  this gives me great pleasure . 
  bright comment . 
  the ferro-electric-entity-eel is doing quite well :, 
  how do you do ? 
  drink less . 
  i like chocolate milk !, 
  i thank you dear sir for bringing it to my attention that i was * subscribed * to / r/atheism . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i lived in a country where atheism was the default . 
  it was soviet union . 
  the subreddit in question does ` nt suck as much as living in an atheist state where religions are persecuted , but it kind of seems headed that way . 
  i hope not to see any more of these bigots from now on . 
  thanks again !, 
  is it really a problem ? 
  you are breaking the rule 2 ^ 0, 
  done . 
  i killed you this friday at 5pm . 
  until then -- return to work . 
  * bind ( ) * yourself to a new * this * and you 'll stop receiving the prayers . 
  the turtle has it in its mouth . 
  be careful : it can bite when angry !, 
  i am teh moderator and i have approved this message . 
  i 'm a little bit disgusted that the effect of more peace is measured in dollars ... 
  relax man , wait another \u03b1\u1f30\u03ce\u03bd and it will type them again . 
  then you 'll be able to brag and impress girls at parties . 
  you will now go and google '' \u03b1\u1f30\u03ce\u03bd '' . 
  you will then re-think what you have written here . 
  i 'm not stupid . 
  i see the future . 
  all the time . 
  it sucks . 
  there are two ways out of this :, 
  convert your extra energy into mass . 
  cons : you 'll need to be on a diet for some time after that . 
  drink some more energy shots until you reach the awesome dimension and start pissing rainbows . 
  cons : nothing is certain after that . 
  get your filthy hands off my nations alphabet !, 
  sorry , `` what the flying fuck '' belongs in r/wtff , not r/wtf .
