  hush everyone !, 
  the robot has spoken !, 
  i for one welcome our new 4.3 million notices per month processing overlords !, 
  stewie griffin , is that you ? 
  just fill the form 27b/6 . 
  facebook . 
  nope !, 
  chuck testa . 
  come closer . 
  i will help you ... 
  9/25 never forget, 
  til ... robots began in lithuania, 
  bbbbbbbbpppb ppppb pbpppppbbp, 
  which ones a person ? 
  has anyone seen this ? 
  big ass table finally !, 
  i may attend as a designer , web hacker or a troll . 
  nope , there 's another issue at hand . 
  but if you would be interested in the e-voting app , i would join you :d, 
  irgi true :d, 
  subtitles :, 
  - batman, 
  original :, 
  * http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=l7ivsdrbhnc, 
  i liked the bbq sign in the background when they were talking about global warming :-), 
  if you get it , you are still old, 
  just search `` any word lietuvi\u0161kai '' on google and you will get a couple of websites with results you need . 
  wtf is this ? 
  you should also check out lithuanian university of health sciences ( lsmu ) in kaunas : http://trc.lsmuni.lt/, 
  vilnius university ( vu ) and lsmu in kaunas are competing on the same level in the area of medicine studies . 
  some prefer kaunas , others like vilnius more . 
  i am not sure if vu offers pharmacy studies . 
  for creative arts and education i would probably study in vilnius . 
  anyway , if your relationship with your girlfriend is serious , i would think twice before moving in to a different city than she lives in . 
  russian is not necessary and would not help outside of vilnius . 
  what 's the time in eet ? 
  i do n't want to miss the event . 
  that looks like from the matrix . 
  * shudder *, 
  there are ~ 400,000 catholic priests in the world . 
  one of them disagrees with the teachings of the church , but wants to be considered a priest of the same church . 
  well ... this has to be world news . 
  [ relevant ? 
  every hard problem has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem that has an easy looking solution that is incorrect to solve every hard problem . 
  i am not a mermaid and what is this ? 
  leave these poor sick mortals alone, 
  there sick , they 've got problems enough as it is . 
  the movie depicts soviet naval * officers * speaking lithuanian . 
  which is totally unlikely as most of them were russians . 
  it would be interesting to find out more details about the story . 
  yet another story of communists terrorizing an innocent simple man into becoming a hero . 
  will you plant the seeds of maize corn in our hearts again and bless us with your shoe ? 
  i had this issue before . 
  you may find some helpful answers in this thread :, 
  start worrying , it helps . 
  this false idolatry has to stop . 
  it is an insult to superior intelligence to call anything that has n't been washed in blood of millions or impregnated the nothingness itself popular . 
  however there are few of us compared to this army of limited minds , so there are only two options :, 
  ** burn every false idol one by one and kill anyone who dares to even mention its name ( and their kids ) . 
  ** move out to other planes of existence and leave the city to the ants . 
  they had to be taken to the bathroom , because they pee on their feet . 
  hackers ( 1995 ), 
  hairy legs . 
  i once tried to compliment a girl on this . 
  she did n't believe me and got kind of insulted . 
  pretty please , someone make this into a game level !, 
  `` ppp '' , `` tt '' reminds me of estonian language ... could be mixup on the simpsons creators side ? 
  cos by !, 
  retype that into `` harpoons '' and they will kill each other quite fast . 
  then start new people . 
  ... watch it burn , touch its face ... 
  good boy !, 
  go fetch that stick !, 
  fixed that for ya : http://qkme.me/3t88gc, 
  learn to read , you dirty lower races . 
  he is shedder , not shredder . 
  frankly , i think you should all be exterminated , to make place for the pure race that can read , spell and use proper punctuation marks . 
  prepare your alimentary canal !, 
  are you sure ( s ) he is not an arm ? 
  your brain is now banned from / r/pyongyang, 
  come out with your pants down !, 
  yes yes , lenin was so good he started the very good [ revolutionary terror ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_terror#soviet_union ) himself . 
  it is true that i am not able to participate much lately . 
  however / u/tuesias has raised my suspicions some time ago due to spam-like content . 
  well . . frankly i did n't think the idea of city emblems was good enough . 
  in my view there is more to lithuania than just the current cities ;-) . 
  also , foreign users or lithuanians abroad may feel out of place . 
  i am sorry i did n't have the guts to say this at the time , but as you said in your message : `` beje , jei nepatinka id\u0117ja , pra\u0161om visi\u0161kai atmesti , nesupyksiu :p . '' ( translated : btw , if you do n't like the idea , please reject it , i will not get angry ) . 
  as for your request to become a moderator -- i wanted to see more of your activity before accepting or rejecting the offer . 
  dear tuesias ,, 
  you are overreacting . 
  there is no need to wait `` months and months '' since there usually are very few items in the moderation list . 
  i 've mostly been browsing reddit with a `` private mode '' browser lately , hence the last public activity date . 
  usually your posts do n't have any urgency as they are not tied to any events happening at the time . 
  do n't you think they can wait for some time ? 
  i like your contributions to / r/lithuania , but i think you should also give other users some space to participate . 
  i would n't like to see the view i saw a few months ago when the whole page consisted just of your posts . 
  this makes the whole subreddit look like a personal feed and boring . 
  please , have some patience !, 
  as for the drama and groundless accusations : lets not measure who loves lithuania more .
