  i only know because i saw your flair . 
  wish you luck , hopefully brits will decide to stay . 
  pack your bags man and move to rom\u00e2nia while you still can , 
   cameron 's said he wpuld tale us ou of the eea btw . 
  well good luck there son . 
  0 % percent of the population are level headed and informed ? 
  we shall see when uk leaves , subsidies go away and reality hits what they really care about . 
  they 're probably gon na blame the government or someone else . 
  talk about taking a joke to far, 
  so we can all be miserable like you ? 
  does are more like toilet paper, 
  probably to much viagra to keep up with the young ladies . 
  i asked my parents who live there . 
  my dad annulled his vote ( he voted for two candidates ) and my mother i do n't know but she did say that he did n't really have any other counter candidates and because of that only people who voted for him went to vote . 
  well yeah but you 're drunk, 
  do n't be silly . 
  if you leave you 're not gon na move the island you 're just gon na move the crack from iceland in between uk and france . 
  boom you 're in the north american plate . 
  maybe it 's you bruh ( not trying to insult you ) . 
  i 've traveled to a lot of countries and never once hot a strange look when revealing that i was from romania . 
  that being said i have a friend who lived in hamburg for a couple of months and said the same thing , he could n't make any friends cause people looked funny at him when he said he was from romania . 
  when i was there though i did n't see that at all , everybody was friendly and chill . 
  hey look at the bright side . 
  as my dad used to say we can only go up from here . 
  yeah at 1.84 i feel like a freak . 
  but from what i can tell a lot of younger people are much taller than the older ones . 
  all i know about the irish travelers is that they love a good fist fight . 
  i thought cluj napoca had the highest gdp per capita . 
  i 'll take my nazi money to greece then, 
  does airbnb work ? 
  well it 's not . 
  what now ? 
  what are the implications if you get caught using a vpn ? 
  is it enforced , or they turn a blind eye to this ? 
   thetimes.co.uk yeah nah . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and wait for an oficial statement from eu ( or at least a creditable source ) before i jump to any conclusions . 
  also who is this eu ? 
  eu tells hungary and poland ? 
  the other countries ? 
  damn . 
  that looks like it 's from a tron movie . 
  iup , that 's why i sometimes go on 4chan just to read what other people who are not necessarily on the same wavelength as me have to say, 
  i stayed up until 4am to add blue dots ... 
  i just could n't stop, 
   i 've cut my dad out of my life entirely . 
  i live in an entirely different country to him now . 
  that is also a solution, 
  i 'm gon na take a wild guess and say brexit . 
  also , word of advice ( that i got from bill burr ) . 
  unless you want to fight do n't discuss politics with family members . 
  grated , wishing death upon people is kinda messed up but it 's not like i never heard older folks thinking like that . 
  my dad once said we should castrate the gypsies so that they wo n't breed as much . 
  i 'm not sure if he was joking or not but i just laughed at him . 
  how does it compare to battlestar galactica ? 
  i saw the first episode and it did n't really impress me . 
  does it get better ? 
  i smell a trend starting, 
  let 's start with spain first because they have no flag, 
  suggestion . 
  should we change the stars to [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/fcnckht ) . 
  so we wo n't have two eu flags . 
  [ xpost ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/place/comments/62v6cm/germany_and_france_are_at_peace_the_eu_forms/ ), 
  also i would add . 
  if you are unsure as to where to add a yellow pixel for the stars use your pixel to fix the blue parts, 
  we are concentrating efforts on the wrong front . 
  we need to deal with the the black void first, 
  we have an agreement with them . 
  they can overlap the flag with the white part, 
  somebody talk to the rainbow people to deflect their beam . 
  are we building an eu flag [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/juhux88 ) ? 
  what 's happening ? 
  [ hold the lines ] ( http://imgur.com/wr2vtqw ) someday start putting blue dots in the middles of / pol . 
  we need germany and france but they are to busy fighting each other . 
   1 ) the eu flag was a total failure i hope farage is happy now, 
  the black pixels that looks like a disease is / pol / in chase anyone is wondering, 
  what happened to free speech ? 
  i fucking hate this politically correct bullshit . 
  my feefees got hurt and i want you to get punished for that . 
  does not make any sense . 
  they should n't be since you are still in the eu . 
  if we were to treat you already as being outside the eu you would probably need a visa to enter . 
  ok dave , what ever helps you sleep at night, 
  i would also add croatia to that list and i heard montenegro is very beautiful . 
  i imagine the netherlands vetoing turkeys ascessio till the end of time . 
  untill recently i never thought about how close is bratislava to vienna . 
  it 's sooo close and right near the border . 
  that 4chan reply, 
  haha , i just picture him just seeing the flag and furiously typing that he 's not mad, 
  yes i know , everybody knows . 
  that why i said some , not the majority . 
  what 's your point ? 
  here 's a shocker . 
  some roma have jobs and normal families, 
  these are bizarrely fascinating . 
  that 's the spirit, 
  question . 
  where would you deport a person born in germany ? 
  presumably they could deport people who hold dual citizenship which seems to be the case with the two in the article . 
  you ok buddy ? 
  what 's really bothering you ?
