  edit : ? 
  could you expand on that ? . 
  or is just your opinion ? 
  edit : whit facts , not mindless babbling, 
  why ? 
  bad troll go away troll, 
  yep . 
  same, 
   higher quality health care is the main selling point for their ridiculous prices . 
  ridiculous pricing ? 
  what are you talking about ?!, 
  650 $ for a bag of saline water seems perfectly reasonable to me, 
  it says transilvania . 
  nice trolling by the way, 
  that is definitely one of the reasons, 
   everyone defending them are just ignorant . 
  i 'm not defending them . 
  i 'm just saying there 's more to the story than meets the eye . 
   if you would live in romania or bulgaria you would see just how bad they are . 
  i do n't remember stating that i do n't . 
  i live in romania btw ( check flair ) . 
   i have met thousands of gypsies so far , and they all fit their horrible stereotype ... fucking all of them . 
  well that 's that then . 
  let 's fucking kill them all.this guy meat literally thousands of gypsies and they were all bad to him . 
  so lets round them up and shout right in the fucking head , on bullet for two people . 
  that 's a pretty controversial theory, 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of stories just like your all across europe . 
  some roma kids tried to steal mu bike when i was little and i knew the fucker , and they knew me . 
  i 'm condoning what happened to you but we ca n't have a rational discussion based on feelings and some bad experiences form the past . 
  i got more abuse from my fellow countrymen than from any other roma . 
  here 's another perspective . 
  people like you i hate more that dose stealing gypsy beggars that do n't to integrate that you so wonderfully portray . 
   and by most , i mean like 99.9 % . 
  the other 0.1 % of them usually agree with me . 
  where did you pull these statistics from ? 
  straight out of your ass ? 
  give a source otherwise they are worthless . 
   which is very easy for a gypsy btw , because in romania the gypsy minority has a lot of rights . 
  how in the fuck are you suppose to go to school if you live with seven other brothers in a cardboard box all smelly . 
  school is the last thing on does kids minds . 
  you go , oh look we gave them free education and a lot of subsidised things . 
  see does fucking gypsies are not coming to study because they do n't want to . 
  what do people need are social programs . 
  not how ceausescu did , just lump them all in a housing bloc and wait . 
  we need a program like the spanish are trying by providing for them a community run by educated romans in which people can live learn new skills and kids can study . 
  [ link1 ] ( http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2019316,00.html ) [ link2 ] ( http://www.slideshare.net/eescsocsection/jornadas-eesc-bruselas-14ene2011-en ) edit : spelling, 
   they 're just born with evil dna !, 
  i actually heard someone say that . 
  that stealing and begging are engraved in their dna . 
  i asked him . 
  so by that logic if you take a roma child and rase him in a safe environment send him to school and teach him how to behave in a civilized society . 
  he will still turn around one day and start stealing and begging . 
  he said yes , and he genuinely believed that . 
  but then again he also said that humans have a bone in their penis that 's how you get an erection . 
  & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; i wanted to slap him in his one dimensional mind . 
  a lot of roma kids that go to school get abused and singled out by the others for being gypsy . 
  i 'm not condoning those who send their kids to beg and steal , they are aseholed and should have their kids taken away from them for child abuse . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that we also have a part in this . 
  dude shut up . 
   can anyone shed some slight when they keep coming back to a country that hates them this much ? 
  everybody hates them just as much in their country of origin . 
  well why do n't you ? 
  madagascar closes it 's borders . 
  although that wo n't help much, 
  oh man i can smell it from here, 
  especially when it 's direct democracy , cause people are very easy to influence, 
  this guy need a slap ... in the face with a brick . 
  also the applause i found quite disturbing, 
   we the people have the right to decide who comes in . '' good . 
  and we the other people have the right to decide whether or not we want to trade with you . 
  us to . 
  we also get to be homophobes, 
  my favorite also, 
  i 'm gon na save your comment, 
   homosexuals normally end up either falling off tall buildings . 
  they have a lot of suicides because they 're psychologically unstable . 
  they have a lot a suicides because you push them there with your constant abuse you homophobic backwards motherfuckes this is to hard to watch . 
  what i hate the most is seeing powerless people being abuse, 
   if the eu is currently unpopular amongst many member states then can it afford to take a hard line ? 
  if it does n't take a hard line then it will set a precedent which is much more dangerous imo . 
   but there is a larger picture than just crime statistics . 
  yes but lets not concentrate on that when we can just hate on them for being poor , begging and stealing our shit . 
  you keep writing a racist comment and then deleting them . 
  what up with that ? 
  or the mods are deleting your comments, 
   romanians consider gypsies as a cancer on romanian society . 
  do n't generalize . 
  i do n't consider them for example . 
  also i do n't get all up in arms if someone says i 'm gypsie because i 'm romanian, 
  yes . 
  the only thing is that doctors were fleeing romania long before the lifting of work restrictions . 
  gypsie is a ethnicity , romanian is a nationality . 
  therefore some gypsies are probably romanian, 
  1 billion , wow that is a lot . 
  imagine on what we could spend that money , we could build like 10km of romanian highway edit : word, 
  but we 're not always talking about eu politics, 
  yes but this sub is overwhelmingly european . 
  which is the point of / r/europe, 
  wait ... wtf happened ? 
  how long did i sleep ?
