  yeah you really did a number on yourself s and it all started at the dnc where bernie got fucked . 
  thanks for the laughs, 
  hopefully he ca n't do to much damage in 4 years, 
  your government has drones and tanks i 'm not sure your muskets will be able to do any damage against that . 
  and a lot of center left and center right people are being pushed to the extreme right by the `` all men are rapists and all of those extremely moronic comments '' . 
  at least in usa 's chase . 
  the way the eu structured we do n't have to, 
  you are just living in a very big eco chamber like the rest of us . 
  nono let 's call them stupid and just dismiss their concerns because that worked out very well for usa and uk / s, 
  and you get free wifi in the buses and trams . 
  in cluj at least . 
  is anybody here worried about the upcoming elections in france now ? 
  not true . 
  maybe shorter distances trains are used by lower income people . 
  but for longer distances they are quite expensive and pretty clean generally . 
  fucking animals . 
  and if you look at them funny or try to say something for being pigs you risk getting into a fight with some hillbilly, 
   gavrilo princip , the man who assassinated the heir to the habsburg empire and sparked world war i , was a serbian with links to the serbian military , and a supporter of panslavism . 
  to be honest it was more autrohungaria wanting to conquer easy land , than serbia sparking ww1 astro hungaria would have probably started the a war regardless especially since they had german reassurance of help . 
  we 're a bit chubby, 
   0.5 leu has been deposited into ypur account . 
  thanks for the ~ ~ 5 pounds ~ ~ ~ ~ 10 pounds ~ ~ thanks for the 15 pounds . 
  edit : 20 pounds, 
  multi nation ? 
  you know what i mean . 
  there are a lot of countries with different languages but everybody understands english . 
  i get annoyed when i see an article from a country that does n't speak english and i go to the comment section to get more insight and some comments are in the native language in an english speaking sub . 
  so i 'd imagine other people who do n't speak romanian but want an opinion/insight in the comment section from a romanian get annoyed when they see comment just for romanians instead of comments that everyone can understand at a glance . 
  i used to as well before i learned to sky . 
  now i enjoy every season, 
  how about you write in english since this is a multi language sub ? 
  kill the peasants, 
  i wonder what rom\u00e2nia is then, 
  yeazyz, 
  everybody has the right to bear tanks, 
  dude , give it a rest, 
  probably , i mean i agree with him but i do n't really think a secretary of state should engage on twitter with some cocksplat . 
  well there 's reporting and there is just making shit up . 
  which country does not profit from being in the eu in one way or the other ? 
  i used to mix up berlin and belgrade , granted i was 12 ... 
  does people are supporting erdogan ? 
  are we missing something ? 
  do they not have access o the same information as we do , or what 's the deal here ? 
  let also give a bit a context here . 
  this guy 's user name literally spells `` all gipsies are scum '' . 
  also i 'm not sure it 's very smart to go into a trade war with a market 10 times your size . 
  edit : spelling, 
  have you seen what they do to the bulls even before they get to see the matador ? 
  it 's fucking barbaric and totally unnecessary . 
  it 's not like they have a utility . 
  it 's just for entertainment . 
  here 's a fun fact . 
  more old people voted to stay in than young people went to vote . 
  strong cheddar , brie , ementaller . 
  even better when the lamb chooses the knife . 
  thanks for taking for the team . 
  you shall be remembered fondly . 
   what 's wrong with a bit of tit-for-tat ? 
  so because some innocent people got hurt your response is to hurt some other innocent people . 
  that is just plain stupid . 
   i 'm not an unemployed lout good on ya . 
   i will cheer and celebrate if british migrants on the mainland were targeted . 
  you 're just as bad as them . 
  ... damn son . 
  you went full retard . 
   should we attack british shops in europe too ? 
  other than hurting more inocent people and perpetuating hate . 
  there is absolutely nothing to gain from this . 
  they do account for seismic activity . 
  it 's legislation . 
  based on this , i 'm sorry to say this , but i 'm glad they choose to leave . 
  yeah we know . 
  i wish the leave voters knew . 
  from what i 've seen it 's everybody whi is not from the uk . 
  asians east europeans and even a swedish person ... 
  just listening to nigel every time he speaks in the eu parliament should suffice . 
  no he 's not . 
  he 's just an unelected bureaucrat / s, 
  there are abuses from both sides . 
  which is sad . 
  this was a every divisive vote . 
  i there 's one in argentina ( or was ) of 250 000 capacity . 
  what ' your point ? 
  that does n't excuse xenophobic behaviour in the uk . 
  you and i are called migrants who go to other countries to live on benefits the folk from richer countries are called expats who go to invest in other countries or buy property . 
   they can actually use it to calm catalan independence movements with claims that they will grant them independence referendum if spain was to leave the eu . 
  i 'm not sure i understand this part . 
  it 's sixth now . 
  just got passed by france apparently . 
  i went to their facebook page . 
  i want to punch someone now . 
  good god they 're fucking stupid . 
  and the comments ... . 
  i have another friend from uk who move here ( cluj ) a couple of months ago . 
  he works in 3d design , unreal engine 4 work remotely and as far as i know it was pretty straight forward . 
  if you work in it you 'll find work so fast here you 'll laugh . 
  and the pay is well above your typical wage in romania . 
  so if there is nothing holding you back in uk and want to see romania , i 'd suggest rent and apartment for a couple of months see how you like it . 
  uhm , good to know ... but i was telling / u/professionalwil, 
  yes , we took to the streets in happiness,
