  looks like uk leaving already hit the eu hard . 
  yeah one hand . 
  one the other hand we 're building the largest orthodox chatedral in the world ... 
  england are nostalgic i 'd say, 
  i 'd vote for him so hard . 
  what kind of argument is this ? 
  let me rephrase my statement . 
  we do n't what 's written in the bible as serious as we used to . 
  anyway in my opinion anybody can practice what ever religion they like as long as that religion does n't infringe upon the liberties of others . 
  and all religions should be free to be made fun of by others . 
   why is he not saying `` bible is a pro-rape pro-slavery document '' ? 
  because no one cares . 
  because we do n't take the bible seriously , anymore , in europe . 
  it is . 
  thank god we do n't take it seriously though, 
   oh yeah , so wait , let 's see : can you stop with the condescending tone ? 
  i 'm open to changing my views but the way you respond is like i 'm arguing with some teenager . 
  there ** was n't ** any free speech before the gestapo came along in germany . 
  from the late 1800 's until the first world war the media was under imperial control . 
  `` civil administrators appointed by the government were charged with ensuring the public decency of printed material within the empire '' `` with the outbreak of world war i , the military took over the censorship office with the aim of mobilizing german support for the war . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_in_germany )  our laws and our judiciary . 
  they performed quite well for the last decades . 
  if you 're fine with giving up the free speech right to whoever runs the country then what can i say . 
  someday someone that you do n't agree with will be in charge and they might be able to use that against whoever they deem necessary under the pretext of hate speech or whatever they will choose to call it . 
   they could not . 
  every time anything like that could have happened there was an open debate in our society . 
  that could work . 
  but i do n't remember any public debates and honest discussions on what is considered a hate word and what is not . 
  i 'm not saying we should allow hate speech . 
  what i am saying is that we are on a slippery slope and i can easily see this going very wrong . 
  first of all the gestapo came along after the damage was done . 
  second they literally tried and succeeded in censoring people for speaking ( they were founded to eliminate the marxist and communist threats to germany ) and having an opinion that was considered against the interest of the country . 
  they started with a bullshit argument to censor communists and ended up by killing a few million people . 
  that 's why my main concern is that this hate speech censoring could be a slippery slope . 
  because who decided what is hate speech and what is not ? 
  sure they will probably start with , saying derogatory words against certain groups of people ( which i would always condemn ) are considered hate speech , and they could easily start adding to that list . 
  millions of people did n't die because of what nazis said , they died because the other did n't say anything back . 
  you ca n't kill extremist ideas by not letting people talk . 
  but you can kill does ideas by confronting them, 
  this is very dangerous and stupid . 
  let people say what they want and let the others confront them . 
  that subreddit ... ca n't stop scrolling, 
  potato potato, 
  apparently it 's his wife and presumably she was watching the tv live in the other room while the kids where plotting , then she probably saw them live on tv and panicked . 
  anyway i have n't laughed so hard in a long time . 
  same thing i saw for the first time ever in romania . 
  some people protesting near a hospital in cluj with lots and lots of signs , there where like 5-6 people and 30 signs with different messages . 
  very nicely printed quotes and messages from supposedly doctors or publications `` life begins at birth '' shit like that . 
  apparently they are sponsored by some american organisations . 
  just the fact that they conveniently happen to release info just before elections or when a scandal breaks and always stuff against people who oppose russia show be matter of concern . 
  they never have anything on trump putin , le pen etc. 
  i do n't doubt the legitimacy of the leaks but the fact that it 's always conveniently timed and only from one side tells me that wikileaks is controlled and untrustworthy . 
  they have n't thought that far . 
  `` marxist philosopher '' ? 
  lol . 
  i can already see the people who wrote the article thinking . 
  alright guys we need a buzzword here to make it spund more dramatic . 
  `` marxist '' ... no it 's to obvious `` marxist philosopher '' ... fucking perfect , upload it . 
  hey those are my cousins edit : grammar, 
   ok than ok then ? 
  thanks for the solidarity other eu countries . 
  read the article so you do n't have to be dick . 
  probably ro version . 
  i do n't use any vpns, 
  other than the grand tour i have n't found anything interesting on amazon prime . 
  i got ta say i thought about canceling my subscription when i saw how bare bones is netflix romania comaperd to netflix us but they just keep putting out good original content which i 'm happy to pay . 
  david fucking fincher will have new series in autumn and the new german series looks very interesting from the trailer plus a lot for new stuff . 
  so i 'm all in . 
  this guy wants to be white so bad, 
  visited mercado de la boqueria in barcelona , nearly lost my mind the food was so good . 
   pineapple+ketchup = best italian pizza mods have committed treason against europe, 
  so both know they are wrong they just do n't care for different reasons, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i guess trolls know they are wrong ? 
  holly shit op , are you kidnapped ? 
  wow nils . 
  have n't seen these in years . 
  is he trying to repair the damage from the last few days ? 
  yes but it does n't seem to be working . 
  what do you study ? 
  do you study energetics , or just like this stuff ? 
  they ai n't going anywhere mate . 
  best we can hope is create a rupture within psd to fuel some reform in that goddamn party . 
  who is this elarus fella ? 
  since crimea we 're sharing an aquatic border . 
  it a figure of speech, 
  yey , they like us more than they hate us . 
  as long as the barrels are pointed towards rusia i do n't care, 
  what, 
  i did n't see it , calm your tits . 
  i absolutely love how fincher constructs a scene whit tension and everything . 
  also denis villneuve is imo very good at creating tension and dialogue . 
  we have similar languages . 
  and our constitution was build on the french model if remember correctly, 
  i also like to be condescending, 
  yes definitely , as far as i know the austro-hungarians suffered the biggest losses on the serbian front . 
  got pounded by the austro hungarian empire the whole length of the war from the north and also by bulgaria from the south by the end . 
  nope , second largest . 
  witness me, 
  please do,
