  fuck them right in their fucking corrupt mouths, 
  was a bit worried after steven left the show , but she is just marvelous, 
  it was nice , we had a good run, 
  why do you assume he 's paid by pu\u021bin ? 
  he could just be a moron . 
  there is no wining with you people . 
  which part ? 
  trolling cia or blackmailing trump ? 
  mine is pretty curated . 
  i just in unfollow ( not unfriend ) people who post stupid shit . 
  and people who interest me are in my close friends group . 
  / pol / did what again ? 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop . 
  did they troll cia or trump ? 
  do you have a link to the thread ? 
  in romania , old grannys are called valeria . 
   in fact a lot of romanians from romania call themselves moldovans abroad for this reason . 
  i have never ever heard that . 
  why ? 
  good , it 's barbaric . 
  i 'm gon na be honest i have no idea who the fuck is this soros guy that i see all over media . 
  nothing about him just him mentioned in the context `` you 're a soros shill '' . 
  is he like some murdoch type of character ? 
  i definitely agree, 
  it wo n't the end of the world if psd wins . 
  they are corrupt assholes but very pro eu . 
  but i do hope they wo n't get more than 25 %, 
  well they have more important things to do like getting out the eu and censoring porn ... 
  that 's what 's gon na save you your millions ? 
  a fucking exchange program ? 
  what exactly are you trying to acieve by marching against tourism ? 
  i want to storm a castle in slow motio, 
  i meant in the sense that just go with the depression for a couple of days and you 'll be fine afterwards . 
  dude do n't take more !, 
  just push through it, 
  o no . 
  how will we recover ? 
  the same is happening with reghin skis . 
  someone bought the rights and they just came out with some interesting allmountain and freeride models . 
  before everybody starts freaking out . 
  yes asia and africa will see the biggest population increase in the comming decades . 
  they will also see the biggest growth in wealth . 
  world 's population is set to platou at around 11 billion . 
  this is because families as soon as they reach income levels and education they tend to have less childers.there are several chase studies in the west that show this trend in population growth and already parts of asia ar starting to slow down population growth wise . 
  granted 11 billion inhabitants is a big number but if we manage resources whisely and the distribution of them . 
  it 's not unsustainable . 
  it could also go horribly wrong but i 'm optimistic . 
  look at you with your fancy cabin/toilet, 
  the show or the city ? 
  they are clearly understaffed then, 
  where the fuck is the police ? 
  what do they gain by destroying people 's properties ? 
  i never understood import taxes . 
  who perceives that 21 % ? 
  if i 'm in romania and i buy something from japan does the 21 % go to the romanian government . 
  is the import tax in place so foreign products do n't undercut `` local '' products ? 
  romanians are n't slavs, 
  tell me about it . 
  are you on does people that think that actually latin originated from romanian ? 
  for reference [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ptjrdps.png ) will be the f1 layout they will use next year . 
  favorite european track, 
  kinda hate this about reddit . 
  `` do n't agree with you '' downvote . 
  ca n't even remember the last time i downvoted someone, 
   yes , when the growth is * supposed * to be 12 % . 
  yes but 12 % is only 50 % out of 24 % !!!!, 
  it 's still not enough . 
  omg usa is doomed . 
  i think you know what you said is pretty idiotic but there is no turning back now since people are calling you out on it so you need to double down . 
  they 're gon na get it , but it will be named the sea of london, 
  what are you implying then with your snarky comment ? 
  you have n't been to romania since the 90 's ? 
  i never complained about two good tv shows at the same time not gon na start now . 
  what carrier ? 
  i think . 
  i got one as well from orange romania, 
  rom\u00e2nia as well because of the visa thing, 
  nay, 
  at least you are not spain or germany, 
  i want moldova to win . 
  for the memes, 
  this shit is intense, 
  that would be hilarious, 
  netherlands will remember this when voting for schengen, 
  the netherlands ? 
  we betraied you moldova, 
  hahahaha spain still 0, 
  is this your first eurovision ? 
  it 's nothing but political, 
  they do have to fulfill some agreements and and align to some standards before even thinking of applying for membership, 
  because populism, 
  link ? 
  he 's not , he 's a slimy lying cunt thought, 
  is this like `` s\u0103n\u0103tate '' in romanian ? 
  now make a 4d cube, 
  eu anthem . 
  that 's nice, 
  go there and sort by new . 
  it 's the exit polls not the offical result . 
  exit polls = a really good estimate,
