  what i would like to see is people calling the out on their crap . 
  or some sort of mechanism in place to have them disclose their sources when it 's about something that ca n't harm the said source . 
   what 's wrong with daily mail ? 
  it a pile of racist crap what are the actual fatal flaws ? 
  the family is getting bigger, 
  do n't know about any danes . 
  i do n't study medicine so i only know her and some of her friends . 
  i her group there were two german girls and also a canadian i think and some swedes . 
  i think they failed their finals and did n't want to wait a year ( they had to low scores ) or something like that . 
  or it was to expensive . 
  the girl i knew well , said that she already had some friends here and heard that umf was appreciated so she decided to come and study for a year or two . 
  now she 's in her sixth year and speaks romanian ( kinda ) . 
  yeah i know some swedes who study at umf . 
  apparently there are aprox 300 students from sweden in cluj studying medicine, 
  yeah . 
  i had a swedish girlfriend in cluj who was studying medicine and she was living in a big apartment with another swede and paying like 600 euros a month rent . 
  she says it was n't expensive edit : spelling, 
   right again . 
  yes he points out that eu is runned by big business and bureaucracy . 
  that 's because every country is like it or not runned by business , bureaucracy and banks . 
  i do n't understand the point he is trying to make . 
  it 's not like he offers any solution ( that does n't mean we do n't people to point out the holes in our system in order to improve it ) . 
  but i suspect he just wants to make noise to get cheap votes . 
  someone asked him recently in an interview what is his solution for replacing the money from trade ( and everything ) within the eu , if uk leaves , and he said well we can still have free trade agreement with the eu ( which means complying with eu regulations and paying a tax to trade but not having any power in changing said regulations ) . 
  and having a sort of free trade agreement ( so another union ) with the commonwealth nations , as if the commonwealth nations can hardly wait for uk to leave so they can have free trade agreements, 
  unlike uk which is run by what ? 
  fairies ? 
   we want a europe of sovereign states trading and working together . 
  this is what we have now . 
  we take decision that we all agree upon ( by that i mean our eu representatives that we elected ) in order to have free trade and cooperation between states . 
  impressive . 
  but that flag around the edges is kinda annoying, 
  obviously . 
  there is no other explanation, 
   also i would never complain , ** what ?!, 
  ** ... if this true why would n't you complain if you ca n't understand the guy . 
  it 's only your health at stake . 
  but again i 'm returning to my initial presumption that hospitals would not hire medical staff if they are ill prepared in communicating with the patient . 
  now how can we convince the daily mail to write about this stuff, 
  i find it hard to believe that hospitals would hire non english speaking doctors . 
  if they do then you should complain to relevant authorities if you feel you are unable to communicate with them . 
  but it 's not the doctors fault . 
  edit : spelling, 
   i do n't think it 's ethically right to take good workers and top talent from other countries can we let the workers decide for themselves ? 
   i 'd love nothing more than a united states of europe i 'm not against it but i do n't think it 's feasible for now . 
  maybe in the decades to come we 'll have greater integration and cooperation and some day a united states europe ( sort of ) . 
  that is if all the countries involved are for that . 
  good ... great . 
  now moving along, 
  that number plate, 
  does it matter ? 
  i 'm guessing you also saw carlin 's bit about being a proud american . 
  no , still bad . 
  it 's june dude, 
  yeah but ... are you hungry ? 
  \u00af \\ you lost this, 
  can confirm , i have everything you just described, 
  data cap ? 
  the fuck ?!, 
  you should sue, 
  you have a bad chase of nationalism, 
  also boom fest in portugal, 
  this is like rap battles for the upper class, 
  so proud * wipes tears *, 
  dude i think you piked the wrong flair . 
  unless you really are from belgium, 
  give it a couple of weeks, 
  sidewalks ? 
  do you mean extra parking spaces ? 
   backwards racist country yeah i personally ca n't deny that  piece of shit no, 
  does n't help my fear of flight either, 
   spain putting a sign that said they do n't accept dogs and romanians , what the fuck ? 
  is this true ? 
  awesome in have o pay 10euros for 200mb if i want to use the internet while traveling ... 
  thanks by the way . 
  i 'd give you gold for this awesome comment but i 'm also unemployed and do n't have any money . 
  i wonder if zaha hadid architects name will live on under schumacher guidance or he 'll change it to something else . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't like wings and ribs, 
   but as a biggest anti-fan of modernist architecture , i hate to see europe being destroyed with it . 
  well you 're in luck son cause she was a post modern architect . 
  at least we still have patrik schumacher . 
  yeah , he needs to chill the fuck out . 
  use a vpn , man . 
  is that cedric gracia ? 
  do n't you guys have nice turkish shops around there ? 
  rahat is turkish delight if i remember corctly, 
  english !, 
  wait does n't it mean `` i do n't understand '' ? 
  spoke like a true palinca drinker, 
  an american friend once told me romanian sounds like an italian trying to speak russian . 
  we 're also stupid and very religious . 
  they go hand in hand i suppose . 
  44 this is getting depressing . 
  edit : ~ ~ 44 ~ ~ ** 45 **, 
  i just saw the news about the 40th person dying . 
  now it 's 41 ... fuck this, 
  the mayor of district 4 bucharest where the fire happened also resigned just moments ago . 
   raed arafat just held a press conference and the official figure so far is 26 dead * update on the death toll * another person died in hospital . 
  so 27 now, 
  `` it 's a great day for romania and therefore the world '',
