  i think there 's a difference between having an unpopular opinion and being blatantly racist/xenophobic . 
  have you taken a look at his submission history , jesus christ this guy is really messed up . 
  edit : i looked at you comment history i think you guy would get along . 
  i saw on some subs that you are not allowed to comment unless your user is x days old or only if you have a comment count above some value . 
  maybe we ( i mean the mods ) should think about implementing something similar . 
  i might help keep some of the trolls out . 
  edit : that dude with the greece flare at the bottom of this page who keeps commenting and gets banned is the perfect example of what i 'm talking about . 
  also i do n't think i have seen a user with a negative karma count makes a valid point on an argument ever . 
  they 're either crazy people or trolls looking for some fun . 
  oh dios indeed, 
  sarah palin will snipe them out and strap them to her truck like deer, 
  we 're all squatting right now, 
  what if we call it uk and friends federation ? 
  x-post / r/worldnews, 
  it will probably be like obama with his `` change '' campaign ( something new and fresh in the political scene ) . 
  sheople will vote bec of his origins and what not and after he 'll become president and change will not come rapidly they will turn on him ( especially after antena3 and there agenda start their smearing campaign ) . 
  i for one would vote for him ( he does n't seem corrupt as far as i know ) but i do n't expect miracles . 
  i do n't know . 
  just made the connection that you 're polish ( holy shit ) . 
  did n't mean to be disrespectful , it was a joke anyway . 
  but segregation is never good . 
  segregation is always good / s, 
  where the fuck is / u/llanita with taking matters into his own hands bullshit ? 
   aka , romania is more corrupt than any central european state . 
  i think he was talking about italy and greece  what the other 36.2 % of the population do is a bit unknown . 
  most of them are farmer who live of the land, 
  also getting people into sports . 
  i 'm not talking about gym . 
  swimming , bicycling , jogging , football , fun stuff like that . 
  simply walking does miracles . 
  i 'm sure i 'd be much fatter if i did n't do any sports cause i eat like a horse . 
  it was popular for one summer . 
  2006 or 2005 not sure, 
  [ dj project - soapte ( official music video ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8mthenv1we ) edit : actually this is not really horrible . 
  i did n't like when it came out . 
  but now ... 
  oh man , the feelz in this thread, 
  nope . 
  you 're merely pointing out how dumb you are, 
  why do russians on / r/russia speak english and not russian ? 
  ah yes . 
  the infamous five o'clock news, 
  hear hear, 
   that will never happen . 
  i can promise you it will never happen . 
  if you promise us then i guess that 's that . 
  based on his dreams and delusions . 
  this dude 's a troll.btw, 
   there has been plenty of articles , videos , phone calls , reports etc. 
  well then fucking post one . 
  here 's your chance to shine, 
  do n't you have like a klan rally to attend to or something ? 
  did i say ignorant ? 
  sorry , i meant racist . 
  citation needed . 
   unfortunately those hoards of gypsies that have been flocking over to my capital city since january by the busload do n't provide an adequate or fair counterbalance . 
  wow this is an all new level of stupid . what is this ? 
  youtube comment section . 
   flocking over to my capital city since january so they come to work ? 
  why would stealing and begging gypsies care about work restrictions why ? 
  you could build a big fence around london , seing that is your capital . 
   i hate all the british for the shit you cunts keep saying now first of all generalizing is very stupid . 
  second , if you call someone a cunt you 're gon na get banned probably . 
  the dude 's a troll ( or incredibly ignorant ) and you 're feeding him . 
  i suggest you get of that high horse otherwise you 're gon na get dizzy at that altitude, 
  in romania whatsapp is probably the most popular one then it 's facebook messenger . 
  also snapchat . 
  but only i use it and 5 other friends in the entire country probably, 
   well , it seems to me if you want a pertinent discussion about eu free movement you 're gon na have to come up with more info than `` well it seems to me '' . 
   idea : maybe i should make a map about it ... you like maps , we like maps . 
  it 's a win win situation, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it appeared once when i opened the facebook mobile app this morning , right at the top of the screen . 
  it shows some of your friends who voted and you can check a box to share with your friends the fact that you also voted, 
  dad ? 
  did any of you guys saw the facebook european election day button in the app ? 
  it shows your friends who voted . 
  pretty cool, 
  yeah , ca n't wait to see how he spins this bribery and suicide article into gypsy scum settlers are all over finland, 
  `` jumping '', 
  send them to school make em doctors . 
  boom , problem solved . 
  only if it would be that easy . 
   well why do n't you adopt yourself your own little pet gypsies and see how it goes when you try to teach them to behave civil , not piss in the corners , steal , beg and all other things they are up to . 
  in my home town i have a neighbour who adopted a roma child he 's 15 now and absolutely normal goes to school and everything . 
  i 'm sure there are a lot of stories like this . 
  also check the social programs in spain , france , germany and romania where they take unprivileged children and give them a chance to study and have a normal life . 
  and it 's been very successful so far . 
  now if you would stop being racist for a second an do a little research you 'll see that the vast majority are willing to integrate they just need a bit of a helping hand . 
  people like you are not helping the situation at all, 
   every country with gypsies has tried to help them for centuries and they just wo n't adapt . 
  sure they did . 
  by enslaving them for centuries . 
  no wonder they do n't like white people that much . 
  read a bit of history, 
  can confirm , am romanian and i live in an average communist apartment, 
   because ~ ~ i can ~ ~ i 'm a privileged middle class white kid and i like to judge poor smelly people for being poor and smelly . 
  ftfy, 
   something we never had before the eastern expansion of the eu oh shut the f up with your expansion of the eu already this was supposed to be a thread about homes and houses and you managed to turn it into a racist shit thread . 
  yes we all know they 're poor and uneducated and they travel all over europe .
