  question : why ca n't european car manufacturers make an electric car that has that range and charges up that quickly ? 
  this is the future ( at least until hydrogen fuel cells are a thing ) and america is in the front seat . 
   put ketchup on pasta what kind of savage would do that ? 
   it 's about 250 billion annually damn . 
  that 's almost as much as the entire gdp of romania ( 262 bilion ), 
  it 's winter you moron you do n't plow in the winter . 
  and i feed my donkeys when they 're hungry, 
  i 'd love to, 
  well good on you . 
  go show your parents . 
  i travel back and forth from uk to romania to bring more romanians to let them roam free on your small island and claim benefits . 
  edit : you actually went thru my comment history to try and win an argument over the internet ? 
  dude stop sniffing glue and get out of your mom 's basement, 
   you have no chance of being either of them professions in this country sorry to burst your bubble but i already am . 
   none of you qualifications you might have got in romania will be relevant here both of them are recognised in uk, 
  did you just login from other accounts to give your self upvotes ? 
  the troll has cracked . 
  resorting to 10 year old stile insults . 
  at least if you 're gon na troll do it intelligently . 
  but then again intelligence is probably something you do n't have . 
  redditor for 5 years . 
  you should know better . 
  and i do have an older account edit : spelling, 
   except that i am not a heroin addict and my yearly wage is probably the same as your entire village suuure . 
  yeah well i 'm coming to uk then and i 'm taking your job and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  or i 'm gon na claim benefits just to annoy you . 
  edit : hope you 're an architect or an electrical engineer then i 'm really gon na take your job . 
   i do n't know where people like op come from , they make me sick . 
  calm down you take yourself way too serious . 
  full of smackheads living on benefits that complain about immigrants . 
  similar to you, 
  seeding your torrents is enforced by law in romania . 
  so we need fast internet, 
  stray dogs are a bucharest problem, 
  you also get downvoted for pointing that out, 
  to give some balance to some of my connectional comments . 
  this happened a lot when i was kid in my local town . 
  groups of kids used to go around town find a roma kid and beat the shit out of them just because . 
  edit : haha . 
  thanks / u/bezbojnicul, 
  i find it hilarious every time some buthurt conational is trying to explane the difference between romas and romanians . 
  `` we do n't steal and beg we 're romanians , we 're well educated . 
  we 're not like does fucking scumbag gypsies '' . 
  we 're just racist . 
  but it 's ok cause fuck the gypsies . 
  if you have a sob story about how you 've been mugged or bullied as a child by a gypsies then it 's ok to be racist towards the romas . 
  edit : words, 
  some gypsie are romanians . 
  why ca n't you deal with that ? 
  they ca n't accept that . 
  then the commies will win, 
  if you hover over the alien you 'll find that they constantly change the message displayed . 
  which is also nice of them, 
  i know it could be worse , but that does n't mean we should be passive about it . 
  well seeing that former mp 's and powerful people are getting convicted and jailed almost on a monthly basis i 'd say something is happening . 
  i 'm not surprised , i 'm just angry that does old communist fucking farts run our lives . 
   moldavia he 's probably referring to moldova de region not moldova the country, 
   at the time they were not in the uk legally . 
  now they are legal so you ca n't report the workers . 
  i mean what can you report them about ? 
  there are some people standing about at a corner of a street . 
  are n't there any laws that prohibit employers paying less than the minimum wage ? 
  so the influx of migrants are driving down wages not the fact that the employers do n't respect the law . 
  solid logic matthew pollard . 
   ** remember ** : please state your country/region/whatever when you reply . 
  ( especially if you have weird flair . 
  or no flair . 
  or an eu flag . ), 
  what did it say ? 
  god fuckin ' damn it, 
  [ hola ublocker ] ( https://hola.org/ ) is the one i 'd recomend . 
  it works very well and they keep it up to date . 
   a euro spring ? 
  almost all of the former soviet states from europe ar in the eu now . 
  maybe belarus , but i honestly have no ideea what is happening in that country or what is the general population sentiment towards rusia edit : spelling, 
  obviously not . 
  but the amount of victims would be significantly higher if everyone had guns . 
  anyway it 's just my opinion . 
   this is exactly why i support the 2nd amendment . 
  if the protesters would 've used guns then the police would have used guns and tanks and there would have probably been more than 5 people dead . 
  edit : spelling, 
  plus it 's really cold, 
  oh ... thanks, 
  even more confused now . 
  trifecta ? 
  the father , the son and the holy ghost ? . 
  what is that . 
  why is \u0ca0_\u0ca0 followed by \u0ca0 \u25e1 \u0ca0 then always followed by this ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ? 
  is this some 4chan thing that i missed ? 
  i 'm the recent addition . 
  gib money, 
  how about weed ? 
  how cheep 's the weed ? 
  we do have a lot of issues but imo without the help of eu we would 've been in a much worse situations . 
  there are a lot of legislations that meps tried to push through but backed off when they faced criticism from the eu, 
  til . 
  i thought kebap was codename for muslims . 
  got a source for that ? 
  could be worse, 
  agreed , you ca n't shut it down even if it 's a racist pile of crap .
