  if you were born in a filthy slum you 'd probably do the same . 
  it 's because people like you spreading racist shit all over that we ca n't help these people . 
  edit : words, 
  27 other + uk = 28, 
   i would say a trade bloc with loose framework for co-operation have you actually put any thought into what that involves in terms of legislations ? 
   removing is then best why is this the best . 
  why are 28 small countries competing with the rest of the world individually better than sticking together and trading with the rest of the world as a big economic/political entity ? 
  do you think any of the countries alone will have any chance in today 's world ? 
  edit : i 'm not trying to sound like a dick i 'm just curious how does one come to hate the eu . 
  you want to transform eu into something else or just end it all together ? 
  yes i know . 
  but i tagged you so i do n't get drawn into silly arguments with you, 
  the eu is comprised out of the other 27 states . 
  it is n't a separate entity edit added is n't, 
  now i know why i had you tagged ukip, 
  you 're looking it the wrong way the fact that we were in the eu helped us alot . 
  giving us access to european funding and bring our markets to eu standards and legislations gave the chance to europea companies to come and open shop here which in turn helped romania even more . 
  the gdp triple since we joined i believe . 
  so in the bigger picture it helped us a lot that we are a member of the eu since 2007 . 
  i think you 're just afraid of poor people coming to finland to beag , you do n't really care about anything else . 
  poor people are going to enter a country with or without your restrictions . 
  restrictions only stop qualified tax paying people to work . 
  and another thing . 
  you can honestly say that you do n't have homeless fins living in sewers ? 
  not one ? 
  edit : hit save by mistake, 
  xenophobia as a word does n't have the same impact as racism, 
   we 're witnessing the slow decay of a once prosperous society . 
  i think once the migration stabilizes and the migrant people `` settle down '' the prosperous society will once again , well prosper . 
  edit : holy shit . 
  it was just an opinion reddit . 
  calm your tits, 
  i have n't had a sleep in 30 hours . 
  i think i 'm losing my mind . 
  it makes me so fuckin angry when i see other men ganging up on one guy to beat the shit out of him just to impress some cunt who slapped the guy first . 
  it would probably be an hour before i get bored of punching that little pussy guy who jumped the dude who slapped . 
  rant over edit : words, 
  if it makes you feel any better . 
  he sued them and won, 
  great . 
  moving on, 
  it is the most read news paper in uk . 
  that counts for something . 
  i did n't say for example about daily express anything ,, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/10532152/ill-veto-new-eu-states-unless-we-deal-with-mass-migration-pledges-david-cameron.html http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/cameron-is-a-coward-european-politicians-slam-british-eu-veto-a-802823.html http://www.thelocal.ch/20140416/uk-blocks-swiss-deal-with-eu-on-croatia, 
  he-s not posting as a mod he 's posting a user . 
  and just bec you do n't agree with it does n't mean it 's bad . 
  how about veto\u00edng eu agreements to game voters sympathy . 
  although i pretty sure other states are guilty of that to, 
  til daily mail is ukip, 
  wonder how farage and his party will twist this to make it look like they are still right, 
  we really need to do something about these fucking trolls . 
  they 're like cockroaches edit : and by the way . 
  he 's still stuck in trasnistria, 
  he 's just excited to still be in service, 
  he tweeted [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/drogozin/status/465168787135025153 ) now `` well , sirs from romania , we 'll soon explain it all to you - who you are and what we think of you '', 
  this thread . 
  get the popcorn kids, 
  the bars and stages design were done by an architecture studio from cj . 
  and they did a good job, 
  i 've never bee to sziget . 
  last year i went to electric castle and it was amazing . 
  i 'm going again this year . 
  check it out http://www.electriccastle.ro/ it 's a lot smaller than sziget and it 's mainly electronic music . 
  same . 
  what do we do now ? 
  i 've listened to this song a lot . 
  it 's just hypnotic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esvxrtlxy6m also this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sirexhylsvy, 
  my neighbour went one up . 
  when he 's not transforming he 's apartment walls into swiss cheese . 
  he moves heavy furniture around the house on hard surfaces . 
  i do n't know what the hell is going on in that apartment , but it 's going on for some time now, 
   look , i already have enough problems finding a job as it is because of manipulative media like this kind of crap , i do n't need this shit on top of it . 
  so you decided that showing some pretty pictures of romania to some foreigners ( who probably know how romania actually looks like ) it 's the best way to go . 
  oh look guys we 're cool and sunny and like you in the west . 
  see we 're not in any way inferior . 
  now like us . 
  like us . 
  you 're actually making things worse by portraying us as much but hurt romanians with an inferiority complex . 
  if you want to be seen as an equal act as an equal for fuck sake . 
  edit : words, 
  his username reads `` all gypsies are scum '', 
  now how am i gon na get a job ? 
  i 'm sure it is, 
   they need to be sent to those illegal-immigrant camps are you a troll . 
  the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i said if you ca n't prove in any way . 
   they are not citizens if they do not have documentation . 
  then they are stateless . 
  if you do n't have any documentation it does n't mean you 're stateless . 
  in your view if you for example lose all your ids . 
  and ca n't prove that you are austrian in any way , than we should trace your dna and send you back to the country that your ancestors came as long as it 's not austria ? 
   it 's because they are not fucking romanian !, 
  not even them see themselves as romanians . 
  they have their own flag , culture and language . 
  ethnically no , they 're not . 
  but they are romanian citizens ( at least the ones in case ) whether you like it or not . 
  and they 're not going anywhere . 
  they are what we call [ forth world people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_world ) the most neglected on this world . 
  but i truly believe they will find a place in this big continen as time goes on .
