  but it does n't happen often . 
  i always find good content balanced ( and civilized ) arguments and with lots of facts . 
   prove it . 
  probably my remark was a bit strong . 
  but if i were to think of a way to prove it would be through genetic markers that ethnic romanians and hungarians cary that could be traced back . 
  i 'm sure some of the markers would be found today in either romanian or hungarian population . 
  but it would n't be as clear cut as some would like to think . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that we have probably more in common than we like to think . 
  edit :  are you telling me i should take this forum seriously ? 
  nope i 'm telling you should take it with a pinch of salt . 
  you 've been on reddit for 3 years you should 've knows this by now . 
  anyway imo there really is n't any other site for having civilised discussions about different topics . 
  if you go on youtube for example and read some of the comments you 're gon na get eye cancer , all the other sites are not much different . 
  either a massive all around circlejerk or you need eye bleach after . 
   what is there to discuss ? 
  well then shut up if you ca n't think of anything that you think is constructive to say . 
   unfortunatelly this forum has downvoted most of the intelligent people `` out of existence '' , and they 've moved to other places . 
  just scroll down to the downvoted comments of this thread ( do they look intelligent to you ? ), 
  and read them . 
  if you agree with them well then guess we 're of different opinions and there 's nothing more to say, 
  i had the same impressions . 
  every time i heard farage speak i kept thinking how this discussion would have played out if nick clegg had farages karisma . 
  he would have destroyed farage . 
  nick clegg had the facts and was aiming for peoples pragmatic side while farage was aiming for peoples feelings . 
   i laugh at his stupid comment , boom , -10 , and i even get remembered ( by your kind ) . 
  first of all i suspect you were downvoted because `` lol '' as a reply does n't really add to the discussion . 
  second of all . 
  by my kind ? 
  what 's that suppose to mean ? 
  how do you know who downvoted you ? 
   like that thread where people tried to justify the eu supporting ukraine despite its anti-gay laws if by that you mean one guy having an opinion then yes people on that thread are trying to justify why eu supports ukraine despite it 's anti gay laws . 
   really , monkeys ca n't be this amusing . 
  well are n't you funny . 
  stop acting like you 're better than the rest of us . 
  and dial down your moronic replies and maybe people will take you serious . 
  edit : words, 
   this forum is a fucking toilet of the internet , some of the worst morons come here yet i see you constantly commenting here . 
  if you do n't like it no one is forcing you to browse reddit . 
  there 's always youtube comments . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be well liked there, 
  you can have the 4rth one from the left, 
  people like erdogan never seem to learn that you ca n't really fight internet, 
  yep it 's pretty bad . 
  the only good news is that moldova has a relatively small population so it should n't take a massive effort from eu to help put it back on tracks edit : words, 
  nope . 
  moldova is the poorest by far in europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
   it 's not called returning , it 's called giving since transylvania was first inhabited by romanians . 
  i would n't call them romanians but they sure as hell were n't hungarians either, 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  but i 'm happy they did n't stay out of it, 
  al hungarians would turn into peace loving socialists . 
  basically we 're to blame for hungary 's extremist nutters . 
  i would have loved to study at that school, 
  if you listen closely he just makes noise he does n't really say anything, 
  [ arad city hall ] ( http://www.primariaarad.ro/files/imgstory/1716.jpg ) a town in the west part of romania, 
  oh poor you . 
  it 's nice to see you have your priorities in the right order . 
  it 's not a precedent, 
  straight to the nazi jokes, 
  i love the fact that they invest so much money in sports . 
  it 's better than plain old simple commercials, 
  in the age of the internet where everything is in english i am not surprised at all . 
  english is not a language you learn for the fun of it . 
  you pretty much have to imo . 
  i know some hungarian words from interacting with hungarians but i did n't actively tried to learn the language . 
  i 'd love to, 
  i do n't like your condescending tone, 
  i did n't care much . 
  i used to watch them on tvr1 some cartoons with transformer robots i think . 
  but then one day cartoon network happened . 
  nope . 
  have n't seen that either . 
  thank you, 
  wow . 
  thanks man, 
  wow that woman 's voice is engraved in my brain . 
  i remember in the early 90 's when i used to watch cartoons on the national channel, 
  yes i know that . 
  the empires collapse but they always leave a legacy behind . 
  and smaller states tend to reorganize into groups again . 
  this is what 's been happening since the dawn of man . 
  from small tribes to large groups with a single identity to empires . 
  we ca n't oppose it . 
  might as well embrace it, 
  ok . it 's your country you can do what ever the fuck you want with it . 
  build a 10 meter wall all around it for all i care, 
  our wieners are safe guys . 
  yes but he 's willing to give that up for the greater good . 
  cause he 's just that altruistic sort of a person / s, 
   also making a throwaway account because you 're afraid of minus karma ... really lame . 
  do n't even bother arguing with people like that . 
  they 're just looking for a reaction so they can feel good about themselves, 
  1 . well i guess my question is why ? 
  2 . do you think that having control over your borders ( within the eu ) is more important than being part of a single market ? 
  or are you arguing that you can have on without the other . 
  3 . do you think the issue should have been debated for a period of time before voting ? 
  4 . do you think 50 % +1 is an ok majority to decide this ? 
  5 . what is the swiss government 's plan if this goes downhill and eu invokes the guillotine clause ? 
  6 . what did the politicians who pushed for this promised you ? 
  edit : words edit2 : ** thank you **,
