  which is what being aryan is . 
  ( blue eyed , blonde hair , etc )  if they had made a more obvious connection to nazis he does a hitler salute , how much more obvious can you get ? 
   who the hell upvote this shit here ? 
  people who enjoy good comedy . 
  the poop swastika and use of the word `` aryan '' did n't tip you off ? 
   the white man and women in the video are simply genetically better . 
  found the nazi, 
   it 's perfectly reasonable to want it , and it 's fair enough to be disappointed if you do n't get it , but it 's not okay to demand it . 
  if people in the past had taken this attitude gay rights would have gone nowhere . 
  if you want something to change you have to push for it , not lie down and hope it happens by chance . 
  he 'd been saying he wanted that for decades and nothing came of it . 
  gadaffi was not on some verge of free africa from `` the neocons/libs '' he was a nutter who pushed his people too far . 
  his attitude is that we should be pushed back into hiding because us wanting to treated as equals is annoying to him . 
  the other comment is exactly right , if people treated us with the respect we deserve then we would n't need to go on about it , but until that happens we will !, 
  there a lot more to sex than just dna . 
  you 'd know that if you we 're trying to be `` scientific '' . 
  `` there was a time when lgbt people were forced to hide their identity but now they dont have to and it 's making me uncomfortable ! '', 
  even if you want to be more specific there still a lot of `` its a mental illness '' , `` if you 're born x , you are x forever '' and `` gender reassignment is bullshit '' comments . 
  and they made a video claiming they 're not pirates ? 
  why hello pot , have you met kettle ? 
  is it really easier to think that 's there 's some complex web of conspiracies and alliances than the group being less than competent ? 
   you can keep coming up with weak reasons finding several glaring holes in a story is not `` weak reasons '' , its being able to think critically . 
  but you 're just here to push an agenda and will disregard anything that questions it . 
  have a good day, 
   denouncing it for a reason that made no sense . 
  its makes sense to ask why a sign in german-speaking county does n't have german on it . 
  you `` explanation '' does n't work as why would they include french , which few migrants speak . 
  add to that that they 're not pictures of the sign in place ( only close ups ) and another scource you 've posted saying theyre in another town , and they 're a lot of stuff here that just simply doesnt add up or make sense . 
  he asks a simple question and you go straight to attacking him ? 
   june 21 2012, 
  `` possibly the next uk prime minister '', 
  spainish , english and portuguese are kinda cheating here, 
   the romans had dictators in times of great struggle and peril often the roman dictators created more problems than they solved . 
  til merkel , of the centre-right christian democratic union , is a marxist . 
  tbf though the ones with the highest acceptance ( syria , ukraine and eritrea ) are the ones who do qualify . 
   everything else can be dealt with later . 
  do you want dictators ? 
  cause thats how you get dictators !, 
  i never said that people do n't actually support brexit , i said that people will prioritise the economy certainy over other issues please read what i actually write . 
  yes but in the polls i 've seen only a tiny minority would support decreasing immigration if it meant a hit to their wallets, 
  to be expected really , one wannabe autocrat supporting another edit : a word, 
  we are all sweden on this glorious day !, 
  most of those arguing for brexit/separatism make the case that the economy will improve / be better managed following the break up . 
  people may be willing to stomach a little decrease in the short run , but nobody would willing support making themselves worse off for no material gain . 
   i do n't mind if my country tomorrow morning accepted one million african doctors . 
  * five seconds later *  i do n't want to receive millions of permanent migrants from the third world . 
  edit : nice stealth edit , 
  injustices such as following the founding principles ? 
  if you do n't want to follow the rules maybe you should leave the group, 
  iirc that was potential attackers . 
  bombers may be a more specific list . 
  if anything netanyahu is the one to cry `` anti-semitism '' when criticised, 
  and let their economy collapse in the resulting dipolmatic crisis ? 
  you ca n't run a country on a `` fuck you , got mine '' attitude . 
  simultaneously ineffective and authoritarian, 
  you have learned well . 
  considering they 're claimed range strech from a single street to an entire city , yes it is . 
  r/conspiracy is that way -- , 
  they were blocked at the suez canal for not having the proper paperwork necessary http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/anti-immigrant-ship-far-right-refugee-boats-stopped-suez-canal-c-star-defend-europe-islamophobic-a7851341.html calm your victim complex !, 
  ok look you 're doing it again !, 
  the several links already posted on this thread that show that these guys are made up of neo-nazis and/or classified as such . 
  `` i dissmiss fact and evidence when it does n't suit my agenda !, 
  reeee ! '', 
  honestly the kims are treated as gods on earth in north korea . 
  we are the new europeans , you are obsolete !, 
  community enforcement officers , aka twats in high-vis vests, 
  no , just funny that they dish it out but ca n't take it . 
  inherently ? 
  maybe not . 
  almost always ? 
  yes, 
   thats like calling every muslim terrorist . 
  which several people , many in groups like these , do . 
  from what i read in articles and leaflets leading up to the vote they believed ( and in some cases were told by leave groups ) immigration from the commonwealth , specifically india , would be prioritised following brexit, 
  actions speak louder than propaganda http://bigleaguepolitics.com/lauren-southern-detained-italian-coast-guard-attempting-block-migrant-boats/, 
  i mean , you 're trying to block and commandeer boats you do n't own , so technically yeah . 
  education and health & welfare are n't `` bullshit '' , they 're vital to society, 
  while i mostly agree with what you 're saying you 're comparing a town of 2.5 thousand to a city of 8 million . 
  solutions for one dont work for the other . 
  ( unless you want to rip up the green belt ), 
  its mentioned in the quran so no , it was in islam from the start, 
  tbf jihad does just mean holy struggle / struggle with god , some one getting over a cold by praying could be considered jihad . 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm or not, 
  its infowars/prisonplanets , what else could it be ? 
  thats a lot of words to say im right, 
  hello, 
  nationalism is defined by racism/xenophobia ( hated of other nations/peoples ), 
  i dont know but the one in the middle of him and duerte is clearly a vulcan, 
  but look at this single study ive pulled out my arse / s, 
  i like how the faroe isles is just a spike on the horizon, 
  cause only `` libtards '' care about the independent judiciary ? 
  dont forget trying to push through brexit without a vote and then threatening the house of lords, 
  the good ol' days, 
  now please explain how anything he said was wrong . 
  the thing is , as seen in america , trans people will still have problems even when using the toilet they identify with . 
  thats why they want them , so nobody complains about them using the `` wrong '' one . 
  so many people are so upset that trans people exist and ask to be treated with respect . 
  `` youtube staff '' ? 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  the only one `` triggered '' here is you .
