  left wing crime has , compared to the years 2003 to 2008 , doubled in the years 2009-2013 . 
  what we have here , is a sizeable mass of millenial overgrown teenagers , of which more than half does not work or add anything to society whatsoever . 
  overwhelmingly living with their parents . 
  this is what is fighting the bourgeoisie , destroying the bondage of classes . 
  a bunch of young , single men - barely out of puberty ( if at all ) , living with their mothers . 
  the most overprivileged class in the history of mankind . 
  something is seriously fucked up in our society . 
  edit : as a user pointed out , i missed a paragraph about the living situation . 
  it 's more to the tune of 43 % , so i changed it . 
  no shit, 
  looks like one of those shitty `` 420 blaze it '' fractal posters the young ones have in their rooms ... 
  while is appreciate the flachsp\u00fcler for scientific purposes , i actually perfer the tiefsp\u00fcler for one reason : the feeling when you take a shit that is just the right weight , size and consistency to drop out of your ass , into the water and down the hole in one smooth motion . 
  it basically flushes itself . 
  if that happens , i know that today is a good day . 
  it 's glorious . 
  til now my life is complete . 
  now i can do proper scientific analysis . 
   \u201e linksextremismus ist ein aufgebauschtes problem `` - manuela schwesig , former spd minister of family and stuff what happened sigmar , is the spd pulling its head out of its ass and become kinda voteable again ? 
  it 's a step in the right direction if you want me to come home . 
  next step : kick maas out and publicly shame him for being an insufferable , authoritarian cunt . 
  i really really like this castle . 
  for once it 's a castle that you could actually live in and enjoy life - without having to organize an army of servants to keep the place running . 
  i want to live in that and wave to my subjects from that sweet tower . 
  that has to be the most german thing ever ... 
  it 's really beautiful and interesting but the smell is really disgusting . 
  putin 's laugh is like `` haha i do n't know who 's more pathetic : you or these journalists '' and when it comes to american media ... 
  i 'm not so sure either ... 
  if i have to explain that to you , you 're beyond saving anyway . 
  what 's the point then ? 
  you 're basically showing them that rioting like a bunch of animals will keep the law away and give them what they want . 
  basically an enclave where they set the rules . 
  if the democratically elected government choses hamburg to hold their meeting , it 's in their right to do so . 
  if some extremist assholes chose to challenge the state - and by extension the people of said state - they need to be stomped out . 
  appeasement does n't work . 
  neither will avoiding conflict . 
  if nothing , this shitshow in hamburg is a reminder that left-wing extremism is no better than their right wing cousin - which is important because a lot of mainstream media has been peddling the narrative that leftist extremist are the good guys , because they fight `` the man '' for the `` working class '' . 
  which they do n't . 
  do n't you have some artillery regiment ( or something ) that has a bear on their coat of arms , in respect to wojtek , the warbear ? 
  while they should have ( and probably have ) anticipated it , the radical left does n't get to set the rules in a city . 
  hamburg is part of the federal republic of germany and the rule of law applies there , just like everywhere else . 
  radicals do n't get to have their space where they call the shots . 
  there are already places where the far left thinks they are the law and this is unacceptable . 
  your city is n't burning because of the g20 summit , it 's burning because the temporarily embarrased children of lawyers/architects/professors play riot and act like the scum they really are . 
  played by puppetmasters in the background that try to further their dispicable ideologies through violence , as opposed to their usual channels of media coverage and political influence . 
  i 'm not quite sure about trump and erdogan , but putin sure as hell wo n't undererstimate merkel . 
  he 's done his homework and he knows that taking on alpha males is merkel 's speciality . 
  ask the numerous guys that tried to push her from the cdu throne . 
  `` who ? '', 
  you might ask ? 
  well there 's a reason you never heard of them . 
  i can see why . 
  the extreme left , just like the extreme right , has been rearing it 's ugly head in recent times . 
  i fully expect violence around the g20 summit and while i do n't like fucking apcs roaming the streets , i can see why they are there . 
  that 's a fine description of berlin to be quite honest . 
  arrest and deport them . 
  what are they doing here anyway ? 
  oh shit , it 's berlin . 
  so they are either incompetent or too busy smelling their own farts . 
  me neither . 
  me being a germanic barbarian was brought up smearing shit around instead of cleaning properly . 
  until the day i , as a 9 year old , was at ali 's house and found that second thing in the toilet so i asked anne ( i thought that was her name and she was n't bothered by me calling her `` mother '' ) what it was . 
  ever since i moved out of my parents i 've made a point to install a bidet in my flat . 
  alright then , wait until `` men have learned not to rape '' . 
  because rapes happen because men have not been taught that rape is bad . 
  what a load of shit . 
  while i 'd wish for more people to see the benefit of a bidet , that brush does n't look very civilized . 
  i can smell it from here . 
  get a new one you disgusting barbarians !, 
  that was fast . 
  i hope both sides can profit from it . 
  now please , japan : release no gaki no tsukai on dvds here in the west ... 
  please ... 
  yeah that 's not sexist at all . 
  maybe we should close public female toilets because women sure as hell do n't behave well on those ... oh man sweden ... the only way out of this hole you dug yourself in , that i see , is to commit mass-sudoku . 
  meh i do n't know about that . 
  i 've had the same problem with laundromats so i started buying the cheapest ones . 
  then i got a bauknecht for 250 and that things still runs like a charm , 6 years later . 
  my 299 $ siemens fridge is running perfectly for the last 12 years . 
  while the quality sure is n't what it used to be in the 60s and 70s , it 's not as bad as people make it out to be . 
  so if i create a hotspot , i can basically download anything i want and say as shaggy told me ? 
  `` it was n't me ! '', 
  well , a lybian warlord helped containing or rather preventing that crisis for decades . 
  so , i guess , leaving any moral questions aside : yea i 'd say a lybian warlord might help . 
  now the gay-marriage thing looks a lot like a smokescreen to hide their stasi law behind ... 
  if i had a child that killed itself i could n't care less about my neighbour . 
  i 'd probably off myself . 
  antonio r\u00fcdiger play acted after he got chopped on the chest and the commentator said `` r\u00fcdiger sollte hier nicht den affen machen '' ( `` r\u00fcdiger should n't make an ape out of himself '' which is a german turn of phrase for `` should not act like a fool '' ) . 
  10 minutes later he apologized because he did n't mean that in a racist way . 
  of course he did n't because he just used a very common phrase and nobody in their right mind would come to the conclusion that it was aimed at r\u00fcdigers skincolor . 
  but some people seem to have been majorly pissed off by it . 
  the exact same busbodies that do n't understand they create a protected class and will abuse this law to no end because their feeling might be hurt - or even better : their feelings get hurt in someone else 's stead . 
  they wo n't check videos , they 'll rely on report brigades and then just delete the video / tweet / post . 
  it 's the neutering of the internet because they give the constantly offended all the tools needed to vote-brigade anything off the internet they deem `` hate speech '' - which is anything that might piss off a portion of people that are pissed of by absolutely anything ( see the commentators live apology last night at the football game ... ) the law is a disgrace and is dangerously close to censorship and to the way the ddr handled things - relying on snitches to call on whatever is deemed unacceptable by the establishment . 
  our last hope is the constitutional court . 
  woop woop !, 
  it 's about damn time . 
  happy for my close friends , they 'll probably marry again now fully officially and all that fuss . 
  i 'm going to be very very drunk again but oh well - what can you do ? 
  so if i film someone shitting their pants , that would theoretically get me 2 years in jail ? 
  the person is pretty helpless in that situation and it 's a private matter but man , people shitting their pants is hilarious .
