  and here , ladies and gentlemen we have the reason why extremist political parties gain more and more votes . 
  wake up , this is only going to get worse if we do n't find a way to redistribute money . 
  and no , trickle down economics do n't work . 
  neither does communism . 
  sooner or later this will end in violence . 
  do what you are paid for , politicans . 
  by far the biggest benefactor of that is berlin btw . 
  we still pay solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag which is an extra tax that was used to finance the reunification , but as far as i know that money is n't used primarily for it 's original purpose anymore . 
  long story short , the average j\u00fcrgen works a lot and earns alright money , but he also has to pay for a lot of things . 
  pick one ( or more ) : - this includes owning property and germany is a country where renting is much more common compared to owning your house . 
  - greece is n't the first victim of austerity - unification cost germany more than 2 trillion euros and we 're not even talking about the money buttered into developing eu countries, 
  nono we had classes in the afternoon too . 
  typicall we 'd have school from 8 to 13 and then 15 to 17 . 
  usually the afternoon classes were crap like religion , sports or french . 
  and typically half the class was n't sober . 
  wow now that gives me sensory overload by just looking at the pictures ... 
  a threat in what sense ? 
  i do n't see `` getting ahead technologically '' as a thread . 
  if you consider stealing technology as a threat ... well that 's what our ally the united states did every since operation paperclip . 
  that 's nothing extraordinary and probably the status quo all over the world . 
  and china rising wo n't lead to a war as thucydedes trap suggests . 
  full scale wars between nuclear powers are off the table because both sides ( and all mankind ) would lose . 
  good on you for not blaming them though . 
  i bet china is really happy about it . 
  the real question here is : why is n't this at 100 % ? 
  i do n't know anybody that did n't get drunk/high before afternoon classes . 
  maybe it 's because i grew up in the poor part of town but comeon !, 
  school is insufferable . 
  but yous so more rich gib money !, 
  gib money plx !, 
  it 's way overdue . 
  muslims in europe should pay for their own mosques . 
  foreign financing is unacceptable . 
  especially if the glorious leader of the financing country once said this gem : `` the mosques are our barracks , the domes our helmets , the minarets our bayonets and the faithful our soldiers '' fuck em . 
  we have theological faculties at universities . 
  time to teach our fellow muslim citizens to become imams and create an enlightened islam . 
  we put christianity on a leash too . 
  you can justify genocide with that . 
  that 's a question of character . 
  if the condom breaks you can say `` fuck it , kill it . '', 
  or you could say `` well what are the chances ? 
  i guess we 'll have to face up to the facts and put our own wishes on hold now '' . 
  and how do you compare getting pregnant to getting forced to give someone your kidney ? 
  does not compute beep beep beep . 
  yeah and comparing human cells to bacteria . 
  you can think whatever you want but do n't try to justify it with that nonsense . 
  problem is that even if all women were to go on strike it would be the men that are at work that have to carry the slack they leave behind and no one would notice . 
  a bit like the people with temp jobs carrying the people that go on strike every other day for 0,2 % more money . 
  all you 'd have is a bunch of overworked guys getting less and less sympathetic for the cause . 
  do n't give me the `` afraid of church '' thing . 
  there is a discussion to be had about abortion from an ethical standpoint . 
  but there is no discussion - only demands . 
  i 'm all for abortions for medical reasons or in case the conecption comes from a rape . 
  but the nonchalance that abortion is talked about rubs me the wrong way . 
  killing a conceived human and the potential that comes with it because you 're to dumb to use contraception is disgusting . 
  i can see absolutely nothing happening . 
  because most women shake their head at that dumb slacktivism and of course the most critical parts of the economy like police , fire brigades , utility companies are mainly staffed by men . 
  agreed . 
  something like stealing i can oversee but raping a child ... what 's the punishment for that in afghanistan ? 
  i suspect death by the boy 's family before the police even bothers to lift a finger . 
  this strike thing could backfire spectacularly . 
  just sayin . 
  might as well feed them toilet paper and glass shards . 
  `` i might disapprove of your taste in pizza , but i will defend to the death your right put ananas on pizza . '', 
  pineapple on pizza is acceptable . 
  do the pieces kill each other on the field like they did in battlechess ? 
  now that would be something i 'd pay to see !, 
  the one thing worse than trump is people feeling the need to apologize for a democratically elected president . 
  maybe next time do n't back someone like clinton and maybe do n't shit on the lower class that make up a huge portion of your country . 
  which is something we need to learn in europe asap . 
  well if you join the reich - ahem i meant to say : help us with further eu integration - the relics are kind of sort of returned to you , right ? 
  careful what you wish for, 
  i 'd be game to reinstate these borders . 
  i dream of tuscany beign a german state every night , 
  i would really like more information on this . 
  what 's going on in albania and what the hell is going on in poland . 
  and in general without further information this tells me one of two things : either men have it worse or women are just not competent enough to kill themselves . 
  lol you sure are triggered, 
  shit falls down the ladder . 
  running shoes ? 
  nono true poland style is wearing 70s style leather shoes to go with your adidas tracksuit !, 
  good . 
  it 's pretty disgusting that we sell the shit that 's not good enough for us in eastern europe . 
  hard to tell . 
  there 's about a trillion different turkish/muslim communities in germany . 
  they encompass around 200 smaller organisations so at least the numbers imply that they hold some weight . 
  i doubt that the people in germany that voted for erdogan sit in any of these communities . 
  they are more into ditib and the like . 
  well it sure was not because the western european wanted to keep the hotties out hehehe, 
  oh man eastern europe no wonder they had to build a wall - to keep the beauties in !!, 
  well 1989 russia was only about 15 years behind the west . 
  nowadays it 's more like 40 . 
  oh man leonberger , had one in care for a friend of mine for 3 weeks ( in a 50m \u00b2 flat no less ) and while they are sweet teddy bears and i 've had no serious problem with him , this one decided that my wife is now his wife . 
  never left her side , always getting between me and her and the looks he gave me ... 
  i got cockblocked by a giant living teddybear riesenschnauzer are the very best !, 
  grew up with one and they are lively , smart , strong of character and funny as shit . 
  just do n't let him see a rabbit or a rat on the street . 
  he will kill it and present it to you when given the chance . 
   where ? 
  that 's just something recent i found .
