  now that 's just genius if true !, 
  reading this kind of nonsense reminds me of something i saw posted once : `` 1984 was supposed to be a warning , not an instruction manual ! '', 
  insane shit . 
  do these universities get any public funding ? 
  if yes , cut it !, 
   there is no `` ethics '' involved , it 's a doctor and a man refusing to treat a woman . 
  he has no excuse other than being a shithead . 
  no absolutely not . 
  the doctor may perceive the embryo as a living beign . 
  and refuses to kill it . 
  who are you to force him to do it ? 
  this is n't `` can you remove that mole please '' it 's more complicated then that . 
  and of course it 's only disgusting male doctors that would refuse to do it , right ? 
   the real question is : why are `` female '' jobs underpaid ? 
  i suppose you 're talking about the more social and medical jobs and yeah it 's horrid . 
  my wife is a dentist assistant and earns way less than i do . 
  fyi i 'm self employed and work mostly from home . 
  15 hours a week is a real busy week for me . 
  but the reason for that is n't that my wife is a woman . 
  if she were a man she 'd be extremely underpaid to . 
  the reason for that is the fact that these jobs do not create wealth . 
  it 's a zero sum game , a nurse does n't make the hospital a lot of money ( if any ) . 
  a day care does n't make much money . 
  sitting at a computer in a giant company does create a lot of money . 
  it 's irrelevant how much it contributes to society . 
  it 's the nature of the beast . 
  and it has absolutely nothing to do with discrimination against women . 
  ca n't say about bamberg but the reason why people do n't find places in kindergarten in my hood is because they have extremely unreasonable expectations . 
  the kindergarten around the corner even has flyers everywhere that they have open spots . 
  but that 's the kindergarten where refugee children go and you know ... what can you do . 
  it 's the typical `` we want to look superior for letting them in our country , but letting them in close proximity to our children ? 
  omg ! '', 
  i do n't believe there are no more problems . 
  far from it . 
  but these problems do n't stem from a fucking cabal of men doing nothing but finding ways of holding women back . 
  and feminism is n't doing shit for nobody , except lobbying for top jobs and having flash mobs . 
  in the 60s i would have been right at your side . 
  but this ship has sailed . 
  it 's like i said : feminism has become it 's own parody . 
  my mom raised me on social warfare in the 80s . 
  do n't tell me what i `` will never experience '' because you know as much about me as i know about you . 
  i suspect plan b is an abortion ? 
  that is an ethical question , not one of discrimination . 
  try applying for a job in a female dominated field as a man . 
  how man men work at day cares ? 
  not finding a day care is against the law . 
  there might be shortages but this is not a female problem but a family problem . 
  you earn less money in the same job , working the same hours , having the same qualification as a man ? 
  get a lawyer . 
  because guys like me fuck off . 
  stop hiding behind men . 
  no , the one from tegernsee, 
  you cared !, 
  really ? 
  does the world think that ? 
  you mean a portion of the western world i guess ? 
  feminism lives off the goodwill of people because of what was achieved decades ago . 
  in our age it 's mainly white middle class people that fight monsters they invented themselves because they are bored . 
  yea because people have n't been paying attention . 
  it used to be pretty cool with a unique flair because it was a divided city with one half beign an enclave . 
  very distinct culture developed because of this . 
  but as usual distinctness attracts the phonies who in turn suck up every energy emitting from a place in the hope of becoming a special person . 
  it 's know as gentrification . 
  also it 's like playing minesweeper without flagging when it comes to dogshit on the streets . 
  it should be a child 's right to know who their real father is . 
  and it 's a man 's right to know if he actually is the father . 
  to paint this as an attack on women 's rights it 's despicable . 
  this is n't about the mother . 
  it 's about father and child . 
  britain has n't even triggered article 50 yet :d the plans for this have probably existed since 1989 . 
  10/10 from me , how can this not be a masterpiece ? 
  the narcissism alone must take this movie through the roof !!, 
  i 've never needed a visa in my life #germanpassportmasterrace, 
  i doubt most germans would waste a tear for berlin :d, 
  i 'm all for combatting inequalities . 
  but feminism only fights inequality if it goes against women . 
  if it 's detrimental to men ? 
  fuck them !!, 
  so like i said , a parody of itself . 
  you 're barking up the wrong tree - you can murder the embryo all you want i do n't care about it either way . 
  were men and women equal in 1920 ? 
  so they did n't have a point . 
  men and women are equal by law now . 
  what else is there to fight for ? 
  what ? 
  that makes zero sense . 
  really ? 
  feminism has lost any positive connotation - a long time ago . 
  it has become it 's own parody . 
  if men do it , it 's sexism . 
  if women do it , it 's feminism . 
  reinstating the caliphate in 2024 would make sense then i guess . 
  i generally do n't like weissbier so i 'm not the guy to ask about franziskaner . 
  mainstream german beer is pretty bland . 
  you have to look out for local breweries , like the one that makes the beer you like . 
  if you ever get the chance , try a rothaus tannez\u00e4pfle from the blackforest region . 
  it 's no comparrision to some bland piss like warsteiner . 
  tannez\u00e4pfle is liquid gold . 
  he 's right . 
  heineken and carlsberg are what we call pisswasser .
