  btw : gyros and kebab are the same thing . 
  the blues they send to meet me wo n't defeat me words to live by, 
  afaik this is where the family of the famous burt bacharach comes from . 
  the more you know ... 
  global politics is nothing but fooling each other all the time . 
  if what that `` philosopher '' said would hold any truth at all , the eu has even more reason to leave the us out of the picture ( fuck the eu ) . 
  not having a sitdown is foolish . 
  no matter the relations or what happened before . 
  i know , i was having a funny . 
  the integration of european armies is happening as we speak . 
  the dutch army and the bundeswehr for example are basically one . 
  and have been for quite some time . 
  i hate to break it to you but the us is gone . 
  a country in which the democratic process leaves you with a choice between an orange idiot and satan has serious problems and needs to start thinking about it 's way of doing things . 
  not fiddle in the eu 's backyard . 
  stability in eastern europe must be something the eu provides and is a process in which we have to sit on a table with russia . 
  and i do n't want to know what shitshow to expect when the orange one and a mind like putin collide . 
  airforce i 'm on board with . 
  navy i do n't know . 
  with a european army on the horizon we should rather support the french , spanish , greek and italian navies . 
  germany does n't have that much coast . 
  and no . 
  no helping the us building it 's presence in eastern europe . 
  if anything it should be the other way around . 
  lost to the dutch ... 
  alrighty then , now get some plans on what to spend that money on . 
  and no , paying the americans even more for dragging us into military conflicts is not an option anymore . 
  huh i do n't know . 
  he 'd vanish i 'd wager . 
  hehe awesome portrait . 
  i want to be ruled by doge too !, 
  sure you are . 
  and we are spying on you . 
  but to write about that fact does n't generate ad money for the wapo . 
  to be honest i 'd feel kinda disrespected if our allies did n't spy on us . 
  not spying on a country is kind of like : `` you 're not worth our time anyway . '', 
  what are they going to do ? 
  riot over vanity products ? 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  lol `` back the hell down '' yea telling europeans that has never backfired in history . 
  these companies are questionable at best and are the prime target europe should focus on . 
  shady as hell , extracting personal informations from eu citizens , abusing every tax law loop hole they can find ... it 's high time to put them on a leash . 
  yea complaining about free stuff is always a bit on the spoiled side , but to be fair , the meals sounds pretty disgusting . 
  `` lidl employees taunt two thieves they trap in recycling containers '' disgusting behavior from the lidl guys , but let 's be honest here . 
  yea yea , in front of the cameras it 's the evil german people that do not respect powerful turkey and should be afraid of mighty erdogan power . 
  but now you need help . 
  how about no ? 
  i am . 
  looks like another legendary product made in germany :d, 
  you guys really liked rex , did n't you ? 
  iirc they filmed rex in italy with german/austrian actors until the eary 2000s ? 
  the series has been irrelevant a long time before that in germany . 
  i liked it as a kid though . 
  rex was pretty cool . 
  doggys rule . 
  i bet they do . 
  i once saw a movie of those guys . 
  it was a movie version of the infamous rtl series `` der clown '' . 
  the movie was absolute garbage . 
  in the final confrontation they blew up a fucking giant passenger plane while `` der clown '' was swinging at a cable in front of it . 
  they must have filled the plane with barrels of gasoline or something , the explosion was an insane fireball . 
  it was nuts . 
  it was an actual guy that was max 10 meters away from a giant explosion , swinging around like a madman . 
  not some puppet or something . 
  i bet he had a giant errection afterwards . 
  really impressive work . 
  wow this show is televised in other nations ? 
  it 's a flaming pile of garbage . 
  but - it must be said - the stunts they pull on that show are out of this world . 
  one hour ? 
  you can have sex like 30 times in one hour . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  it 's probably only a language thing but the sun beign male just seems wrong to me . 
  the lizard people !, 
  if i remember correctly , the sun is male and the moon is female in french . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  so ... do they glow in the dark ? 
  who cares ? 
  he can make as much money as he likes . 
  is this how they plan to take him down ? 
  oh noes he makes moneyz !!, 
  no shit !, 
  lol i 'm shaking in my boots, 
  school dropout and reformed alcoholic . 
  never saw a university from the inside . 
  for a politician , he 's as street as they come . 
  they want to live in an autocracy , they 'll live in an autocracy . 
  who needs pianists when you can have cult of personality and islam ? 
  have fun . 
  that pavement must be fun when you 're really drunk . 
  where i live it 's supposed to be called `` porte '' or `` aus '' . 
  it 's actually called frei . 
  hmm i do n't know about that . 
  there are other more pressing matters like having an actual concept of what the bundeswehr is supposed to able to achieve . 
  is it supposed to defend europe ? 
  or kick russia to the curb ? 
  get manpower . 
  pour money into it . 
  do n't start a war on two fronts . 
  `` hot meat sandwiches '' funny name for bratwurst and bier .
