  make me an electric car that can run for 500 + km in one charge and can be charged at every gas station in less then 10 minutes and my next car will be electric . 
  otherwise , no chance . 
  it has been snowing on and off for about a week now in south-west germany . 
  that 's a pretty rare thing . 
  russian winter stronk !, 
  i 'm far from beign an expert on acoustics . 
  i read they hired japanese specialists for the acoustics and if i knew anything about japan , it 's that their experts do n't fuck around . 
  i 'd put a good amount of money on the acoustics beign s-tier . 
  yes deportation agreements are the main priority right now . 
  but morocco is a safe country . 
  to reason that away you 'd need some insane mental gymnastics . 
  germans ( and i bet people from all over europe ) go there for vacation . 
  how the fuck do you justify giving people there asylum ? 
  opression ? 
  arguably . 
  but giving people asylum in that situation ? 
  what are we going to do with those 1,5 billion chinese then ? 
  yeah yeah but the actual most important part is that it 's fantastic, 
  `` but we have to make this decision together '' i swear ikea brings the worst out in women . 
  ugh my wife just told me we have to go to ikea soon to `` buy some things '' . 
  where 's that meteor that was supposed to end 2016 ?? 
  i 'm positive this is going to work out . 
  it 's election year , do n't forget that . 
  they need to show progress . 
  getting out of your way to bully locals is going to bring the police into this though . 
  and i doubt that a guy that is known for starting shit will be seen as 100 % victim by the court . 
   comparing the balkan culture with the me culture i did not do that . 
  i was saying that a millionen people were stranded on the roads from greece to austria . 
   it 's radical islam . 
  it is indeed . 
  it is still widespread you are completey right . 
  but you must understand that the reason they are lashing out is because they have their backs to the wall . 
  and of course the fact we ( the americans mostly ) created absolute chaos in the region . 
  you see , people no longer buy their shit . 
  we have the internet to thank for that . 
  they no longer buy the `` westerners are savage pigs that need to die '' rhetoric . 
  they can just look up how westerners live . 
  there is a good reason why the nr . 
  1 target of islamic terrorism are muslims . 
  they want to scare them into compliance . 
  and they are very well connected . 
  you think that showing them how hard we are is going to scare them ? 
  they want a war of civilizations . 
  what we really need to do is isolate them , infiltrate them and let them die out . 
  that 's how you play that game . 
  putting random people into the same category are crazed nutjobs is just dumb , i 'm sorry . 
  out of that million ( it 's much less ) of people that arrived , what do you thing is the terrorist quota ? 
  if it were even 1 % , we 'd have 10000 terrorists around here , ready to kill . 
  the streets would be running red by now . 
  and no i do n't think `` you '' share `` our '' views . 
  and i think you should have your own political position . 
  you need to learn to accept critique . 
  you ca n't just put yourself into a victim position `` you people do n't want us , you do n't listen , you opress us '' that 's some social justice warrior shit and you can fuck right off with that . 
  oh alright , did n't realize that . 
  cool president just got down and gave him a hug . 
  i like it !, 
  what 's going on in # 11 ? 
  anyway , looks like a cool dude . 
  was expecting total cringe !, 
  i can see this trying to be abused to no end . 
  but this will have to be proven in court no doubt . 
  all in all i think that 's a pretty clever move to keep the brown mob from lashing out `` you hate them ? 
  you want them to go away ? 
  well ... if you touch them , they 'll stay forever so use your brain for once . '', 
  german beer and bare breasted french girls . 
  should be a commercial for the eu . 
  yes please . 
  on so many levels . 
  first and foremost not having to change money is a big plus in my decision to finally visit coratia . 
  i like it !, 
  i 'm genuinley happy to see that !, 
  now i know a lot of poles moved abroad and i have a question about that : do they send money back home ? 
  i know the turks do it , and a lot my friends from the balkans do . 
  and if they do , does that flow of money make a difference for those `` left behind '' ? 
  obligatory : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggu1p6lbw6q, 
  i need this in my belly right now, 
  i see . 
  that shines a different light on this article . 
  i understand asking for more works of the cultures this is focused on . 
  also i only just realized it 's uk press . 
  nevermind then . 
  i had a misconception of studying philosophy then . 
  i was under the impression it was focused on overarching themes , not on schools of thought . 
  you want to get a bigger picture ? 
  i 'd suggest reading works from as many different viewpoints , ages and cultures as possible . 
  but that 's just silly me, 
  i did but i 'm tired of this . 
  yeah well sometimes you have to make `` stupid '' ( or rather : risky ) decisions . 
  especially if you 're last in a chain of massive fuckups . 
  especially if there 's a real chance of hunger , death and chaos in the balkans . 
  no one did anything , everyone was waving and pointing at germany . 
  so we took `` the hit '' . 
  you 're welcome . 
  everyone knew it was a dangerous decision . 
  but someone had to do it . 
  you ca n't have a million people moving around in the balkans - as soon as the winter kicks in you 'll have a humanitarian crisis . 
  - taking risks is n't stupidity . 
  - germany will never risk `` europe '' . 
  why would we ? 
  it 's our home .
