  in my experience . 
  like a said , give them time . 
  i ca n't see how their buisness model ca n't be a success in the states . 
  they will make you love it :d, 
  i was thinking more of a greece situation . 
  `` oh you ca n't get more than 100 euros out of your bank account per day . 
  would not like to see that happening to me . 
  that 's why you 'll never catch me not liquid . 
  romania growing stronger and stronger , i like it . 
  i have worked with a romanian it outfit . 
  was a real pleasure , fantastic guys delivering fantastic work . 
  it was seen like that in germany too for a long time . 
  then suddenly people realized that the vegetables are fine , and some other stuff is absolutely fine too and aldi got more fresh and good stuff and more people came in and so on . 
  also it 's cheap as fuck . 
  i can buy a whole week worth of beverages for 50 $ . 
  so yeah , give them some time . 
  they 'll dominate the market . 
  i do n't know what it is with everyone else and plastic cards . 
  it has a lot to do with the `` german experience '' during the early 1930s and what it led up to . 
  and never forget : if someone wants to steal the money you have on you , they 'll have to fight you for it . 
  the money on your bankaccount though ... it 's one economic crash away from disappearing . 
  truer words were never spoken, 
  rational reaction to the current situation . 
  good . 
  point taken . 
  did n't mean to confuse . 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  blurry lines . 
  social democracy is indeed the thing closest to my understanding of libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 . 
  which - for me - is liberalism . 
  yea political definitions are very blurry . 
  for me making sure that the capital flow is n't abused - and is instead implented in a way that does n't make the most profit for a few people , but instead makes profit for most people - is a very liberal thing to do . 
  everyone needs to be equal . 
  everyone is guaranteed their chance . 
  same with religion : foreign funded ngos that activly seek to undermine the set of laws in a given state need to be put on a leash . 
  everyone who does n't like it is free to leave . 
  i fail to see how that 's not liberal . 
  i do n't give a fuck what these people have to say . 
  i 'm the most classic liberal person you 'll ever see . 
  no authoritarian moves needed . 
  the basis on which our countries , our union and our laws are built on are in good shape . 
  only a little modification and thorough impelementation is needed . 
  for example : cut foreign funding for religious ngos ( ditib in germany for example ) . 
  no more foreign religious leader that did n't study the whole of theology . 
  we have plenty of universities that are capable of `` building '' a more `` enlightenment '' islam . 
  not that hard really , you can easily create such a thelogical view while still covered by the qur ` an . 
  authoritarian moves are generally shit . 
  authoritarian countries are all shit for a reason . 
  wow not even the first week of election year and siggi pop is already in full election mode . 
  trying to get some people back from the afd is guess ? 
  but i agree with him here . 
  it 's time to create a european islam which put peace and tolerance into the forefront . 
  with those salafist hatemongers that 's not going to happen . 
  yea that 's true , no doubt . 
  still the best part of germany . 
  in my experience they are . 
  not as much as against the northereners though :d i musst add though that much of this prejiduce is just bavanrian grumpyness . 
  well the quintessence of a warrior is to never break with his code . 
  breaking human rights goes against any true code . 
  in theory at least !, 
  and what 's with the fucking german hate again ? 
  pretty pathetic . 
  wtf is a part time soldier ? 
  from my readings of famous warrior-philosophers you 're either a warrior or you 're not . 
  no between . 
  yeah a lot of names for germany single out a tribe of german people . 
  alemagne ( french ) for example is pretty close to the `` allemannen '' which is the name for the south-west-german `` tribes '' ( bordering france ), 
  if i were a refugee in germany ( or any other developed country really ) i 'd also do my very best to learn the language and get a job or even complete an apprenticeship . 
  for two reasons : 1 ) to be prepared to pounce on even the slightest chace at a possibility for a permant residence status . 
  2 ) to have money and knowledge when i return to my bombed out home . 
  just take the 3 year apprenticeship to become a baker . 
  go back home and you have the skillset to open a bakery , make money and get things rolling . 
  also you can learn a thing or two about rebuildung a bombed out country from the way things are set up in germany . 
  north of the famous wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator to be precise . 
  strangely enough it seems that while swabians get a pass , badener like me are seen as non adequate . 
  the bazis do n't see as a prussian though , they seem to see us as dirty french . 
  no worries . 
  `` jewing '' germans out of 60 $ for hitler 's crappy book is like the ultimate revenge . 
  i like it . 
  oh i only read the linked ruhrnachrichten.de article . 
  but yea - breibart . 
  no wonder it 's full of shit . 
  wtf ? 
  where do you get that information from ? 
  it surely does n't state that in the article . 
  groups of people shouted syria syria to celebrate the ceasefire . 
  a stray rocket set fire to some netting on the side of the old church . 
  throwing pyro at other people and the police might be pretty ugly , but that 's not an uncommon sight at new years eve ( or football games , or any big gathering of drunk pepople ), 
  like rats abandoning a sinking ship, 
  '' ` tis just a prank bro ! '', 
  only a matter of time before those fools get what 's coming for them : `` oh that bat i just smashed your skull with ? 
  it was just a prank bro ! '', 
  traitor . 
  '' drown in your shit , turkey ! '' is exactly what turkey is doing right now . 
  if things continue the way they are going now , turkey is going to be a third world shithole in a few decades . 
  they like chocolate and killing children . 
  yea but those nutcases are exactly that - nutcases . 
  i can think of terror that makes everything that happened until now pale in comparssion .
