  they are israelis that `` went home '' to study and live in germany . 
  they do n't give a rats ass about some memorial . 
  they give a rats ass about beign harassed , threatened and beaten up . 
  understandable . 
  probably for the same reason why every jew i know is quite vocal about voting the far right . 
  not beign able to marry beats getting thrown off a roof by a mile . 
  my doggy killed a swan once . 
  stupid birds think they 're hardcore when really you can snap their bones by looking at them intensly . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever understand the thought process behind people that are against vaccination of children - but then again it 's probably the same people that believe in homeopathy and spirit healing . 
  as long as other children do n't get infected with viruses that we defeated a century ago , i think we should give them the right to chose . 
  it 's natural selection after all . 
  sucks for the kids but we ca n't protect them from their own parents , anyway . 
  i 've seen this a million times and i still ca n't help but laugh . 
  it 's just perfect 10/10 one of the greatest pieces of art ever created . 
  they did n't get abusive and they did not punish the guy . 
  they apprehended him . 
  the police is not going to ask you nicely to wear the cuffs and they will use overwhelming force to apprehend you - for their own safety and of course to prove a point . 
  depends on how you act really . 
  usually the police are pretty mellow as long as you play along . 
  if you try to act hard or even threaten/attack them , they 'll fuck you up badly though . 
  friend of mine was totally drunk on a festival and the police tried to haul him off because he was trying to start some shit with other guests . 
  he decided to swing his arms around and kick in the lights of the police car so they beat him up pretty good . 
  such is life . 
  act like an idiot - suffer the consequences . 
  the guy in the video walked around a car wreck that might 've been leaking gasoline while smoking a cigarette and after beign told to put it out , he refused to do it and started to act tough . 
  he got what was coming to him imho , even though a lot of people will disagree with me on that . 
  they do n't understand what the police is to be honest . 
  finally . 
  if i drive southwest for 15 minutes my wife suddenly switches over to a french service provider and has to pay out of her ass for some miniscule data , even though we 're still on german clay . 
  yea i know he does and by doing so he is ruining the opinion people had of turkey for a long long time . 
  is that why so many turks want to live in europe ? 
  keep on insulting us , the trees do n't care what the little bird sings . 
  did she try to mule it like they do with drugs ? 
  that would be a funny picture . 
  it 's overcompensating . 
  `` look how much of a man i am '' who in their right mind walks around a forest without a shirt on . 
  have fun beign poked into oblivion by disgusting insects . 
  neither would i. i 'd send my wife and the rest of the family while i stay to die for the chance of them returning to have a good life . 
  the difference here is that we are not cowards . 
  another proof that taste can not be bought . 
  what the fuck , i feel like a million fibres in my brain died while reading this . 
  aside from the fact i 'll never understand why women run back to their abusive husbands ... do religious people not understand that bending their rules is not going to fly once they face the allmighty , allknowing , allpowerful god ? 
  religious rules are so damn stupid and useless that people wiggle their way around them ... why not face the facts then and stop fooling yourself and stop trying to fool the allmighty beign by bending the rules ? 
  if such a thing like a god exists , it 's going to understand why you did the things you did , anyway . 
  my brain hurts . 
  putin depicted as a gay clown is nowhere near as gay as the actual pictures of him shirtless riding a horse . 
  those pictures are pure machismo overcompensation of a closeted homosexual . 
  now that i wrote this i 'm probably going to slip and fall into a canister of pollonium . 
  was nice knowing you , sweet world . 
  call the pope !, 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i fully agree with you . 
  it 's the people that think there must be equality - and that equality must be enforced by law , that value people by how much money they make . 
  because somehow we need more female ceos for whatever reason , while staying at home with your kids and raising them proper is looked down upon . 
  aldi nord is garbage , aldi s\u00fcd is where it 's at yo !, 
  even though i hate their new look - they look like whole foods now , with fake wood and words like `` genuss '' `` freiheit '' `` lebensqualit\u00e4t '' in huge letters on the walls . 
  i want the warehouse look back - that made it somehow easier for me to map out my food-shopping route in my brain . 
  i need this , otherwise shopping gets inefficient :(, 
  very creative naming haha . 
  looks nice though . 
  what if she accidentally tells a joke ? 
  what if she runs out of a burning building without consulting her husband first ? 
  punishable by flogging or a little acid to the face ? 
  sadly our ruling class is still on the fence between `` multiculturalism yay '' and `` some cultures are medieval and barbaric '' . 
  here 's hoping muslim communities in europe kick out people that put out `` guidelines '' like this . 
  that 's not going to change the outcome . 
  women on average will still make less then men on average . 
  because they chose different fields and/or wo n't put in the crazy hours high paying jobs demand ( understandably ) . 
  they try to force equality of outcome - which is insane and destructive - instead of cementing equality of opportunities . 
  it 's what we call a lippenbekenntnis in germany . 
  what does that have to do with us not giving the russian people the same treatment we give to each other ? 
  aside from the fact that i find the `` lighting up '' respone really cringeworthy and unnecessary , i find it to be really strange they do n't do it now . 
  because evil russia ? 
  the people in that metro were just average antons and olgas , just like us . 
  pfff bunch of weeping cowards ... 
  lol, 
  i want to trade erdo - `` turks '' for real actual turks that have a fully funtioning brain . 
  any turks interested ? 
  east germany < 28 = 0.0 what ? 
  i doubt that . 
  does anybody know of a serious , reliable , not too expensive vpn ? 
  the iraq war is the us 's doing . 
  the war in mali is due to islamism . 
  what you call colonialsim and the wto has made a lot of people on the african continent mighty rich . 
  to bad they would rather die than spend their share on building up the countries they live in . 
  maybe you should read the things you tell me to read . 
  where does it say that people have a right to live in europe ? 
  people have a right to a refugee status under certain conditions . 
  if they do n't fulfill the conditions they have no grounds on which they get to stay in europe . 
  maybe you should think of the consequences of importing massive amount of people via migration . 
  escpecially the drain on ressources we need for actual refugees . 
  the world must be nice when you are always right and anyone that dares to go against what you think is right is a dirty racist , right ? 
   refugees are forced `` refugees '' `` forced '' and all that by the evil eu . 
  obviously it has nothing to do with the societies they lived in . 
  they do what ? 
  that 's it , i 'm going to boycott d\u00f6ner now . 
  ha , who am i kidding , i 'm going to get d\u00f6ner tonight , but this time i 'm getting it from the kurdish d\u00f6nerman . 
  take that , erdogan . 
  i can be just as petty as you are . 
  election year starting to go full throttle . 
  let 's hope this happens though i guarantee the churches are going to go full apeshit on the idea of putting religious communities on the leash .
