  i could do that . 
  what the requirements for men ? 
  what 's the yellow one ? 
  china i guess ? 
  that 's just retarded, 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  i 'll buy 10 !, 
  the disrespect :( wars have started for less , you know ? 
  well , we have enough judges to go through the cases that come with 80 million people ... you are vastly overestimating the amount of what is , in germany , considered `` hate speech '' ( volksverhetzung ) by law . 
  the fake news problem is a whole different box of pandorra because fake news are not illegal at all . 
  even if they were , who gets to decide wether something is `` false '' or `` true '' ? 
  some facebook drone ? 
  it would end like the fiasco with the official sweden twitter account . 
  some official state media suit ? 
  welcome to the ddr . 
  your comparison is void . 
  more fitting would be this question : should i be held accountable if someone in my forest talks about the surpremacy of the caucasian/african/asian race ? 
  am i to take matters into my own hands and punish them ? 
  otherwise i have to pay 50 million because maas said so ? 
  it 's always a bit of a shocker to see how far north we actually are . 
  in case the gulf stream will ever fully stop , we are in for some cold , cold winters . 
  good idea !, 
  put a bullet in the head of `` germans '' fighting for isis while you 're at it . 
  hard to believe but i 'm actually on facebook 's side in this one . 
  the law is insanity , since hate speech is already illegal and a judge decides about it . 
  maas wants to force this decision on companies , which is unacceptable . 
  facebook does not get to decide about this in my name ( like a judge does ) , they do n't have the authority for it . 
  this goes directly against article 5 and maas knows this . 
  make facebook decide if something is against the law and then have the nerve to threaten to punish them with draconian fines if they fail / refuse to do it ? 
  why exactly is the worst minister of the last decades still in charge ? 
  that 's at least his third strike , he should be ousted . 
  identity politics, 
  ohhhh shit , shots fired !, 
  ^ three ^ times ^ in ^ a ^ row, 
  well done , mayor of paris . 
  this shit that 's pouring over from the states has to be fought off before it can take a hold . 
  identity politics is pure cancer . 
  the fact that he managed to pull it off is just one of the funniest things in history . 
  super mighty dangerous sovjet union my ass , this guy just flew straight in and landed right in the heart of moscow . 
  would you really be surprised ? 
  how many americans even know luxembourg exist ? 
  how many americans can tell wether the atlantic is east or west of murica ? 
  i think this is more incompetence then homophobia - considering peter thiel is an advisor to trump , i doubt the donald cares much about da gays . 
  damn , where can i get my new overengineered , high maintenance cost but ultra aesthetically pleasing volkspenis ? 
  and more importantly : can i get two ? 
  awesome stuff , i wish for more of this everywhere . 
  you can do insanely cool stuff with metal junk - like this roboid for example . 
   it means that muslims are allowed to renounce their faith if it would otherwise put their life in danger . 
  no , that is not the precise meaning of it and you know that . 
  just because rightwingers throw something around does not negate a subjects relevance . 
  it is a pratice which allows a believer to deny or even renounce his faith to avoid any form of presecution . 
  it 's hard to say how widespread it 's use is , but the way ** some ** communities conduct themselves ( lack of self reflection and severe allergy to criticism ) it is reasonable to expect that you 're lied to . 
  no i wo n't say that , i 'll name it as i see it . 
  deception . 
  the absolute worst thing about it is the `` oh no , no , this has absoultely nothing to do with us , this is not official , we are multicultural ( lol ) we do n't know who handed this out '' ffs insult my culture , insult my way of life , insult my honor , call me unmodest , whatever . 
  but stop insulting my intelligence , i can see your taqiyya from 10 kilometers away . 
  we are in for some rough decades , ladies and gentlemen . 
  i think it 's more about showing what putin 's ultimate goal is . 
  the restoration of the sssr, 
  haha yea well , he is really charming , there 's no question about that . 
  really ? 
  i fully expected this to be the norm in the us too . 
  in germany , you always greet the women first . 
  second criteria is age . 
  well what do you expect ? 
  as a respectable man , macron greets the lady first . 
  since she 's his most important ally he even goes bisou on her , in typical french fashion . 
  if trump does n't understand this ... oh well i would n't be surprised actually . 
  so america , you 've send your message to the crooks like hillary and her posse , but can we now please end this farce ? 
  kick him out !, 
  he 's pathetic , very low energy . 
  i , a master of handshakes , would straight up go into his personal space while crushing his lower bitch-hand . 
  he 's weak , very sad . 
  not very american this one . 
  getting revenge by killing little girls . 
  those disgusting 14 year old 90 pound crusaders ... what a brave man he was ... 
  not going to happen as long as enough people back muslim communities in their `` this has absolutely nothing to do with our religion '' deflection . 
  why face your own demons when you have a huge amount of kafir jumping to your defense ? 
  how long did it take the catholic church to admit they might have a little pedophilia problem ? 
  and they were never the protected minority de jour from the left . 
   someone has to start producing again in this country , we ca n't all be in the service sector and so i left the city . 
  i started from zero , without any land or experience . 
  good on him . 
  he got the right idea and there is absolutely nothing wrong with farming , it 's one of the most honest and important things one can do . 
  their justifications are beyond stupid and looking at that sub , with it 's low effort memes , in general , they are probably teenagers . 
  `` i 'll just leave '' where to ? 
  `` i 'm a individualist '' even more reasons to defend yourself . 
  `` war has never profited anyone '' factually false and if you only do things because you profit from them ... really , really pathetic . 
  they got their priorities straight !, 
  `` these facists have taken over our country , we must organise and kill them all , otherwise they 'll ruin the world . '', 
  banned . 
  hate speech . 
  get ready for gulag . 
  so are we going to start chopping off horse 's heads and put them in the beds of politicians ? 
  phrasing , dude ... 
  the guy that ... well ... * was * the bomb did n't enter the venue , did he ? 
  i do n't see much of a point to rummage through the bags of each and every teenage girl attending . 
  the security personal in general know exactly for whom to look for . 
  it 's not teenage girls .
