  and believe it or not - we mean no harm . 
  - nobody knows if they have links with terrorists . 
  exactly !, 
  no one knows . 
  are there terrorists ? 
  no doubt . 
  bigger problem : from where inside of germany do they get money and support to do their `` work '' . 
  you do n't kill terrorism by cutting of it 's arms . 
  you need to find and uproot the base . 
  - we 'd need courses on how to behave in arab countries , china , japan and so on . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the question i have on this : what 's the point of studying philosophy then ? 
  focusing on a specific group of philosophers , chosen by ethnicity or skin color is pointless . 
  you focus on a theme and read everyone that wrote about it . 
  '' ... plato , descartes and immanuel kant should be largely dropped from the curriculum because they are white ... '' they study philosophy and do n't want to work through plato and kant because of their skin color . 
  what 's the point of studying philosophy if you ca n't even see past race ? 
  i personally would like to see their reaction to nietzsche . 
  they probably brake down and cry like a baby for 3 weeks . 
  yeah that 's geopolitics i guess . 
  but it 's a game we need to play - so we better get good at it . 
  and again if they need help with their security , they just have to call . 
  the french have good diplomatic ties , the rest of the new big 3 ( ger and ita ) will be on board in a second . 
  that 's a good start if you want help to get your house in order . 
  north africa has insane potential and if the eu can manage this well we can get something going there - i think . 
  problem is : until a few years ago our go-to strategy was to pay the biggest monster in town to opress the people into silence . 
  this is not working anymore and i understand the `` trust-issues '' . 
  i think in this situation both parties must play it straight . 
  and tunisia is not playing this straight at all . 
  the tunisia-not-taking-back-migrants issue and the tunisia-can-not-fail-as-it 's - a-beacon-the-neighbours-need-to-lean-on are two completely different issues . 
  i mean , what is the game-plan of tunisia in this ? 
  trying to blackmail the eu into helping them out ? 
  `` you better help us or we 'll send more ! '' ? 
  if they need help against islamism they just have to ask . 
  as you rightly stated , tunisia is of extreme importance to the eu and we should support them in intel , security and infrastructre ( both legal and general infrastructure ) . 
  i 'm all for better cooperation , i think a stable tunisia can help us a lot with finally bringing something like peace to north africa . 
  but to start that cooperation with basically `` if you do n't help us in any way want , we - as a state - commit suicide '' . 
  the time of everyone treating europe like a bitch is over . 
  europe needs to project power into the world . 
  america is gone and we need to look out for ourselves . 
  and i 'm not talking about force on this one . 
  there 's no bloc in the world that projects nearly as much soft power as the eu . 
  use it . 
  tl ; dr cooperation - yes !, 
  blackmailing - no !, 
  thanks for adding further information to my point . 
  due process takes time . 
  probably because it 's a rare thing to see presentations that do not bore you into drifting away from them . 
  this will happen sooner rather then later . 
  as you can see with this news , the process is involving . 
  no one in europe had the capacities and reach and tools to do it `` the right way '' during the refugee crisis . 
  things in germany tend to take a little longer . 
  yes it does . 
  it gives off a different intent ( be it justified or not ) . 
  these rifles do n't look like ( nor is it their intent ) a sportive `` instrument '' . 
  they look like assault rifles to me , and their purpose is to assault . 
  you making it sound like you have your `` olympic games style '' bow on you while traveling to an archery contest . 
  and that tool you drive around was designed to kill ? 
  or was it designed for transportation ? 
  because you wear a tool for killing people around your back . 
  why not carry them around in a bag ? 
  oh it 's some freedom thing right ? 
  just like the states . 
  this shit does n't proove your freedom , it just scares people . 
  that whole video is pretty great to be honest !, 
  mars ? 
  i say we take the moon . 
  put up some gas stations on which the american spaceships will refuel going to mars and plundering it 's resources . 
  we can reactivate the old german moon base on the dark side of the moon and expand on it . 
  then profit i must say , i 'm a genius . 
  germany does n't allow people to immigrate wihtout proper papers . 
  we just had to let 100s of thousands of people in in a very short time - not because we feel morally superior or anything the like : because nobody else was willing or able to do so . 
  looking at all those papers takes a lot of time . 
  especially if you need to check if they are legit . 
  now we know and are working on kicking people out that have no legal basis to be here . 
  homecountries do n't want them back - because quite frankly : they got rid of a massive problem . 
  now we start putting the pressure on countries like tunisia . 
  and so will the whole eu in a short time . 
  this takes time and germany is still very reluctant to throw it 's weight around . 
  tl ; dr are they nervous about the election ? 
  sure they are !, 
  but if that leads to making the right decisions ... well nothing to see here , just democracy at work . 
  what 's this ? 
  common sense ? 
  this year is starting out pretty good so far . 
  i 'd love me some lebensraum in central macedonia, 
  that 's a offer we ca n't refuse . 
  she 'll make it happen . 
  we 're on the same side this time . 
  can poland into great empire ? 
  i 'm a german , alcoholic drinks are beverages . 
  time to make europe great again !!!, 
  you in , boys and girls ? 
  wow focus that 's just pathetic . 
  `` people think that things used to be better '' who would have thought ? 
  they pour money into it until they get a foothold , then they start to agressivle expand and modify their assortment to what people want to buy . 
  how long have you had the aldi/lidl gang in denmark ? 
  while the winner is certainly very good looking ... # 6 i 'm in love !, 
  yea, 
  here 's hope the corruption ca n't stop your country from snowballing, 
  lidl is slightly better quality and variety with slightly higher prices .
