  they use terror to spread fear in the populace . 
  they use that fear to extort compliance . 
  they adhere on the thought that the only way to fight their perceived enemy is flat out holy war / ethnic cleansing . 
  i see what you are getting at , but putting these two groups/ideologies at opposing sides of the spectrum is dishonest . 
  well yea , but they are on the same side of political spectrum . 
  hardcore right wing supremacists . 
  to quote my grandfather : `` it is wrong to be french . '', 
  '' ... that the expansion of radical islamism is met with an equal response on the other end of the political spectrum ... '' so right-wingers and islamists are now considered to be at opposing sides of the political spectrum ? 
  to me they always seemed to be two sides of the same coin . 
  or maybe i read the article wrong and they are actually fighting the influence of the left-wing ? 
  i somehow doubt that even though i think we also need to keep the left eye open , especially in educational institutions ... 
  meh i 've been posing as a girl in mmos for well over decade . 
  not to `` find my sexuality '' but to get free shit ... or maybe i am actually a whore ... oh well, 
  i would love the see the kind of entrepreneurship that statistic encompasses . 
  i 'd wager half of these entrepreneurs are one-man companies that are subcontractors for some parcel delivery or general logistics service . 
  which is a joke because they earn fuck all and work their asses off 50 + hours a week . 
  wow some of those prices are insane !, 
  london is obviously a joke but at least you live in one of the world 's greatest cities . 
  now dublin on the other hand ... why would you pay that ? 
  i live in the southwest of germany , city of 300k population and pay 350 euros for 55 m \u00b2 . 
  more than enough for my taste . 
  and the number for berlin very much depends on which district you live in . 
  if you want to live in some hipster-haven you +50 % those 420 $ at least . 
  i guess you 'll always find a tool that pays extra for the privilige to live in a complete shithole ... 
  oh my ... :d how ... why ... what 's up with that ??? 
  :d now i finally see the reason why all the gays i know always travel to greece ( mykonos ) in the summer ... 
  things have changed a lot in the last 3000 years , but greece 's obsession with the penis has n't . 
  keepin it real !, 
  now if only the olympic games would be people competing all naked again - the long jump disciplines would be so much more fun , especially for the women athletes !, 
  hm why not . 
  she did good for a lot of people . 
  aside from the fact that women like her have been therapists , advisors , lovers and casus belli for the kind of people you rank above her when comes to naming streets ... 
  thanks for the video , very interesting . 
  agent schr\u00f6der doing his thing . 
  i think i 'm the only person in the world that sees the benefits of him sitting on some russian energy conglomerate 's board . 
  my grandparents told me about it . 
  you get used to it rather quick . 
  at first you panic and run for your life to the cellar and wait for it to be over . 
  rather soon you stop panicking and just run to the cellar and wait . 
  after a few months you stop to care and just hope that it 's over soon , one way or another . 
  i like those border a lot !, 
  we even got alsace back !!!, 
  nazi germany did not happen because hitler said `` let 's gas the jews '' . 
  that 's a gross oversimplyfication and you know that . 
  no , convicing people that certain groups deserve death leads to genocides . 
  shit on twitter does n't convince anyone with two brain cells of anything . 
  these issues are relevant , because these issues are actually relevant . 
  instead of some person that is somehow forced to read things on twitter he finds disgusting . 
  compared to all the wars , famine , sickness and actual genocides going on , something some dumb miserable shit posts on some vain social media platform is trivial . 
  you can still mitigate the amount of information that one single entity can collect from you . 
  but no , instead you might aswell run headforward into the whole mess . 
  to stay in your analogy : at least my face wo n't be sunburned . 
  report it to the police then . 
  is that a good or bad thing ? 
  can some italian please elaborate who this guy is and why he is considered such a badass ? 
   medical cannabis prices have risen by over 66 per cent to $ 25 ( # 22.50 ) per gram what ? 
  that 's five times the acceptable price . 
  it changes depending on the gravitational potential . 
  therefore it 's not absolute but dependent on your point of view . 
  not very trustworthy as a new site . 
  because reality and internet are compareable . 
   `` if twitter forces me to see these things , really ? 
  how does this work exactly ? 
  even if twitter would force you to see this `` hate speech '' ( which it probably is n't ) , you could also just stop using twitter , no ? 
  there 's so many problems in this world yet people keep on making a big fuzz about trivial shit . 
  if it 's actual hate speech just report them to the police . 
  done . 
  i fixed it for you ... 
  are your politicans still rambling on about this ? 
  you 're not getting anything . 
  that 's why he loves to watch me take a shit ... 
  you 're the best kind of consumer . 
  do n't forget to buy a new phone . 
  it 's the same as the old except you ca n't use your headpones with it anymore . 
  how convenient . 
  i like that . 
  i think it used to be to keep track of your finances . 
  nowaday - at least for me - it 's more about anonymity though . 
  i refuse banks and credit card companies to keep track of my purchases so they convert that information into a product to sell to advertising companies . 
  fun fact : i paid my wife 's car in cash . 
  the car salesperson did n't even flinch . 
  one of my cats just put his asshole in front of my face . 
  he does that everyday though . 
  it 's to show me my position in the hierachy :d, 
  yep , we get rid off them and do n't earn the medial shitstorm the `` morally superior '' people would drum up if we just went the french way and have iraqi forces kill them all . 
  that has to be the most german way to tell someone to `` fuck off and die '' i 've ever read . 
  feel kinda sad for her but eh , play stupid games - win stupid prizes . 
  she would n't have felt bad for any of us if we were to be executed by her loverboy . 
  put it back in the other way around and leave the wallet in the car all day again . 
  fixed . 
  this is not a rare occurance on the coast . 
  it 's a bit more rare than finding unexploded ordnance when digging around though . 
  we find and defuse 5500 of those a year . 
  i 've been evacuated twice in my life because of them . 
  i can relate to the hatred of the dutch caravans 100 % . 
  i sometimes dream of driving a tank straight through a bunch of dutchies on the autobahn . 
  it 's glorious . 
  not surprised , after all the fdp is the party for busisness and germany having good ties with russia ( and no sanctions on them ) is very good for busisness . 
  what context ? 
  the context of this tweet does nothing to justify what he said and neither does his article .
