  all his article does is shift the blame away from him . 
  `` i just tried to start a conversation '' `` we all need to look at our internalised biases '' yadda yadda the same shit you hear all the time . 
  some guy posted the tweet in this thread . 
  read it . 
  the guy tweeted `` all white people are racist '' and tries to explain this away in this guardian article . 
  he said dumb shit and now he 's under fire for it . 
  good . 
   all white people are racist . 
  you 've been accused of saying that , because you said it . 
  and yes , it 's an incredibly racist thing to say . 
  and do n't try to fucking hide behind freedom of speech . 
  if i would say `` all black people are criminals . '', 
  you 'd be at my throat in an instant . 
  fire the cunt !, 
   students call teachers with strong disciplinary tenacies as hitler too . 
  to be fair that is n't a things exclusive to indians . 
  my biology teacher was known as frau hitler because she was very strict . 
  president 4 life !, 
  oh martin ... the german populace has little to no interest in what trump does . 
  you 're running for office in germany not in the usa . 
  trump has been an incompetent buffoon , as was to be expected . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  now what do we do about the 15,7 % of people in germany living in poverty ? 
  the erosion of the middle class ? 
  rampant corruption in the industy ? 
  extremism ? 
  mass migration of incompatible cultures ? 
  the division inside the eu ? 
  our joke of an army ? 
  but you go ahead and keep talking about trump . 
  because that 's what 's relevant ... 
  leave scooter alone . 
  always hardcore !, 
  no more stare-rape , catcalling or being the victim of the infamous `` male gaze '' ( tm ) . 
  also it 's in opposition against the evil white man , known as the greatest opressor of women who is generally at fault for women not being happy with themselves . 
  i can easily see how some women might be brainwashed into it . 
  americans put black people in front of firing squads ? 
  that 's new to me . 
  i need a source on that . 
  the famous cuban healthcare is a propaganda myth . 
  there are great modern hospitals , build for rich american health tourists that pay in hard cash . 
  the average cuban has healthcare stuck in the 60s , just like everything else in cuba is stuck in the 60s . 
  all of that does not make him less of a muderous butcher . 
  well , corbyn said fidel castro was a champion of social justice . 
  seems like he and his gang have a thing for socialist despotic rulers . 
  probably funneling funds from other projects into it . 
  there 's more than enough tearjerking organizations begging for money , it 's a billion euro industry . 
  still achieved more than konrad adenauer ... 
  why would i hide ? 
  i 'm happy the locked them down and i hope they set an example about what happens to people that support human trafficking . 
  trying to avoid the second coup attempt that would probably end with a firing squad , is n't he ? 
  this will not end in our lifetime . 
  konrad adenauer ... ahead of : albert einstein , karl benz , carl bosch , johann wolfgang von goethe , friedrich schiller , ludwig van beethoven , barbarossa , charlemagne ... and that 's just off the top of my head . 
  if it had to be a politican , give it to bismarck . 
  at least we did n't vote for hermann g\u00f6ring , like croatia ... 
  we are not going to pay you and you have no way to force us . 
  stop begging and stop the emotional blackmailing . 
   we are talking here about huge sums , and also about the fact that germany for many years refused to take responsibility for world war ii when was that exactly ? 
  does he know austria is not part of germany anymore ? 
  either way , remember when everyone laughed at greece for pondering that idea ? 
  yes . 
  every single one that was made about the western front at least . 
  the thin red line is an excellent movie . 
  but other than that ? 
  ww2 movies are nothing like the plethora of good vietnam movies . 
  ww2 movies are way to black and white and glorify war way too much for my taste . 
  there 's only the bad guys - the nazis ( tm ) - and only the good guys - the `` greatest generation '' ( tm ) americans . 
  and of course americans won it all by themselves . 
  fighting the evil incarnate , probably most dangerous and competent army the world has ever seen . 
  when in reality , it was the russians that threw themselves at that evil incarnate , fighting tooth and claw while the western front was guarded mainly by a husk of what the russians had to face . 
  is kenya part of europe now ? 
  pretty stupid to make it this public . 
  you could just not let anyone with `` migrationshintergrund '' ( whatever the fuck that means in eastern germany ) in your gym without stating why you do it . 
  just tell them `` no '' . 
  but noooo dipshit ossi right wingers are once again not competent enough . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  makes no sense at all . 
  this is why i hate every hollywood movie made about ww2 . 
  with all due respect to the 400k american soldiers that died in the war ... it 's peanuts if you look at the bigger picture . 
  the americans have yet to reach the level of bloodshed and sheer insanity that happens when germans and russians are at each others throat . 
  is it called the `` battle of nations '' in englisch ? 
  `` leipziger v\u00f6lkerschlacht '' is more like clash of civilizations in leipzig, 
  overcompensating for something ? 
  while it sounds good in principal , it 's still going to be people that decide on whether or not someone is given asylum . 
  in the case of franco in particular , you do n't need a software to identify his dialect - anyone that does n't have their head up the ass should have recognized he is n't an arab , let alone a syrian . 
  the biometric picture identification is much more useful . 
  the article does n't expand on whether or not people that are already registered need to be put through that process again . 
  which would make a lot of sense , so i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  even then all is naught if we do n't speed up the process of sending people that do n't have a right for asylum back to their homes . 
  that says it all . 
  they desperately want something good to report about islam for a change to reinforce their view on this particular religion . 
   my name is sebastian weyer , king of rubik 's cube . 
   look on my works , yer mighty , and despair !, 
  i can fix a rubiks cube just fine , after all it 's just a set of moves you vork through , but to do it in fucking 6,81 seconds ... 
  have you ever heard of the rundfunkrat ? 
  the bvg even decided that it 's unconstitutional . 
  it 's state propaganda . 
  ugh it 's disgusting . 
  i 'd like to put forward my favorites : vitamalz and schweppes blood orange . 
  i 'm talking about civ v you fucking scrub .
