  yea but in the information age there is no excuse to fall for populists . 
  the internet has lifted the veil on a lot of bs that the media has told people since forever . 
  oh well , low iq , shitty ubringing , surrounded by garbage culture and/or belief in superstitions grind down any motivation to look behind the curtains . 
  i ca n't fathom how stupid one must be to fall for his nonsense . 
  if the eu calls turkey tomorrow and says `` okay turkey , you 're in '' erdogan would jump in circles in joy ... 
  erdogan just assumes the eu is still open to any form of eu accession talks ? 
  as long as he 's in power , i very much doubt that ... 
  tolstoy vs poetry slam - i know which one i would chose . 
  on a more serious note : there 's a lot of active and thriving russian communities in germany . 
  they 're mainly made up of `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' ( resettlers ) and i always had great fun when around them . 
  lots of drinking and singing . 
  there are the occasional hostilities but all in all russians seem pretty well integrated into society . 
  so yea i 'm fine with em as long as it does n't include poetry slams, 
  how could i ever forget this high point in german culture !!!, 
  now that i 've seen that again ... out of the three puppets that arrive at around 0:48 the one in the middle is clearly supposed to be neger-kalle but who are the other two supposed to be ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's something in the pipeline . 
  probably a cut of investments and eu fonds . 
  haha schr\u00f6der was crap but at least he was funny . 
  to be quite frank the name `` ministerium f\u00fcr frauen und ged\u00f6ns '' is on point . 
  erdogan erdogan ... first he tried russia and failed , then he tried germany and failed , then he tried the netherlands and failed and now it 's bulgaraia 's turn . 
  pathetic . 
  i 'm a guy that votes strategically too , but the far-right in germany is very dangerous . 
  does n't matter if they have no experience or if the civil service will fight them . 
  they 'll have the streets in no time at all . 
  far-right gangs in germany are well trained , well financed and well armed powerlifters that will strike terror if they have enough political ground to support them . 
  if anything came out of the nsu scandal , it 's that it showed that they also subverted parts of security and intelligence services . 
  they are nothing but useful idiots but they are very dangerous if unleashed . 
  the far-left has absolutely nothing on them . 
  they have a foothold in some villages in eastern germany and they rule with an iron fist . 
  i would n't go there if i were even half a shade darker . 
  now i can only speak about germany here , but i bet they have a network all over europe . 
  so you 're playing with fire - or rather with dynamite . 
  i 'd categorize that as having no spine or a lack of character . 
  i completely agree with you on all accounts . 
  i fear that there wo n't be any measures until the far right are really breathing down the necks of the ruling class . 
  they do n't understand that treating people like children that ca n't be held accountable is actually racist . 
  trust me , they care a lot about public image . 
  and we live in a time ( in germany at least ) where people walk around on eggshells because they 're afraid of beign called racist/sexist/homophobe you name . 
  there is a whole industry based on hounding `` bad people '', 
  they are n't incompetent they are just afraid to be called racists . 
  no problem , brother . 
  greece has nothing to do with namibia and remembering what happened has nothing to with paying for damages . 
  i simply refuse to pay for something that ( in the case of namibia ) my great great great grandfather may have played a part in . 
  that 's a fucking joke . 
  especially since the money does not go to anyone that suffered through it , but probably into the pockets of a select few people . 
  you can call that arrogance all you want all i have to say to that is : get real . 
  it 's nothing but people trying to extort money on the basis of `` lasting '' `` moral damage '' - and i do n't fall for that . 
  `` know thyself ? 
  if i knew myself , i 'd run away '' absolute giant , arguably the greatest german writher that ever lived - without a doubt a hall of famer . 
  is beign transgender their only qualification ? 
  if `` yes '' then no i would not be comfortable with someone who 's only qualification is gender dysphoria . 
  it should also be noted that transgender people more often then not have serious mental health problems . 
  so yea , i think people did n't think it through and instead went for the : `` oh yes !, 
  look how tolerant i am ! '', 
  it 's part of their official program , an app you can use nationwide to use transportation systems . 
  nice idea but there 's much bigger fish to fry . 
  i can imagine spd and cdu trading some modification to the reform as the spd sees fit for some strict migration policies favored by the cdu . 
  note that i doubt merkel is going to be around with the cdu as junior partner . 
  theoretically they would . 
  but i find it doubtful . 
  die linke is as pure a opposition party as it gets , they would be highly unstable at best if put into any form of government !, 
  the greens are in a bit of a crisis - mainly because they do n't understand that they 've won and thereby became more or less obsolete . 
  today it 's about limiting autobahn speed ( fuck off with that ) , veggie-days , turning off coal plants , ordering a taxi via app and all the good old identity politics post modernism garbage . 
  they 'll be the big losers this election cycle . 
  i think we 're heading for another grand coalition , albeit with a smaller majority since the afd and fdp are going to enter bundestag . 
  only question is who 'll be at the helm . 
  alright give it to the people that suffered through that period . 
  oh wait ... how about no more development aid ? 
  i do n't owe you anything . 
  well , he got what he wanted - he still paints europe as the facists and errected a great strawman-enemy to rally the troops against . 
  now all that 's left is to wait for the referendum and deal with the fallout . 
  welcome to frankfurt then i guess . 
  looks like goldmann und sachs are coming home ... 
  though it would make more sense to move them into a country that needs the investments more . 
  you think so ? 
  i do n't really see how having a doctor in physics helped merkel , aside from having the title of doctor . 
  i can see people feeling more relateable to schulz though - librarian , reformed alcoholic , problematic school performance ... also education = / = intelligence, 
  why ? 
  a very underrated destination in greece . 
  been there multiple times . 
  i was in great awe when i first saw the monasteries . 
  i was maybe 10 at that time and i could n't fathom how they build them and it still boggles my mind how crazy hard it must 've been . 
  iirc there is one that can only be reached with a zipline . 
  some others you 'll have to actually climb to get there . 
  really breathtaking stuff . 
  also they have a room full of bones that you can look into through a window in a door . 
  seeign the creepy skellis made me extremely happy as a child for some reason . 
  lovely . 
  the sandstone range has some pretty spectacular vistas . 
   where does that number come from ? 
  because looking at the numbers i am not getting that impression , certainly not in the range of millions . 
  [ 12,5 million people ] ( http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/2016-02/armut-deutschland-2016-paritaetische-verband ) just because you do n't see them does n't mean they do n't exist . 
   also where is that number of 8 million coming from again ? 
  [ page 29 ] ( https://statistik.arbeitsagentur.de/statistikdaten/detail/201702/arbeitsmarktberichte/monatsbericht-monatsbericht/monatsbericht-d-0-201702-pdf.pdf ) it 's actually `` only '' 6 million . 
  my bad . 
  `` im februar 2017 lebten in 3.286.000 bedarfsgemeinschaften 6.048.000 regelleistungsberechtigte ''  have you looked at the unemployment numbers before the reforms were enacted ? 
  have you already forgotten who used to be the sick man of europe ? 
  and the reaction to that is to kick the one 's that are down already instead of - you know - close tax loopholes and get the money from entities that spend the last decades sucking up all the money with no intention to : a ) pay taxes - or at least : b ) actually spend the money so it 's returned to the cycle . 
   schulz is proposing nothing that would make a significant impact on that so far . 
  and also there are already provisions in place so that older people get alg i longer than those younger .
