  higher cost for land is a relative thing , i bet they 'll get a big fat discount from the state . 
  lower solar energy potential who cares , really ? 
  all that is needed to cover germanies energy needs with renewables is energy storage . 
  `` sweet giant batteries gib pls '' - germany . 
  shortage of skilled labor yea oh well from my experience during the last 10 years germany is pretty efficient ( ha , get it ) at sucking up international talent and students from all over the world . 
  you would n't believe the amount of chinese students at the university in the city i live in . 
  i do n't really care where they build that thing as long as they build it in the eu . 
  but i would be really surprised if it was n't in germany . 
  the common market is all fine , but it 's still different than beign next door . 
  elon musk doesnt strike me as one that does things half-hearted . 
  he want 's the fatherland :d, 
  as much as i would like to this happen - giving portugal a nice economic boost - it wo n't . 
  this thing is going to be build in germany and nowhere else . 
  they will build that factory to get a foothold in germany , to get their hands on those sweet engineers and that automotive expertise . 
  also the german giants will want to buy loads and loads of those sweet batteries . 
  i know that sounded arrogant as fuck , but ... well it is what it is . 
  allright fine i 'm giving up , you 're right . 
  i 'd love to see any of this implemented . 
  it 'd be as successful as that `` march on aleppo '' is going to be . 
  so who 's going to pay the cow farmers to keep the cows while they slowly stop breeding them ? 
  considering the fair trade label ... are they miles better off ?? 
  you 're assuming that any of the extra price the consumer pays for a product actually reaches the workers . 
  fair trade buys the products from other companies , let 's say some coffee trading company . 
  the coffee company then pays the workers . 
  fair trade does not monitor how much that company is acutally paying the workers . 
  i do n't have to explain to you how extremely open to corruption such a system is . 
  and if i learned anything in life it 's this : if there is even the slightest room for corruption , people - let alone companies - will pounce on it instantly . 
  the christmas truce is one of the greatest feats of humanity i know of . 
  just think about it ... mortal enemies realized that what they actually want to do together is play football , down some beers and brag about hot their wives are ... 
  i 'm glad i live in a time we realized that we have much more in common than what sets us apart . 
  wouldnt want to fight you brits to the death in some shithole in belgium . 
  merry christmas , inselaffen  also : the first guy to walk climb out of the trench had massive titanium balls . 
  or maybe he had enough and did n't care anymore if he 'd live or die . 
  how does eating meat harm the enviroment more than not using any animal products ? 
  because methane ? 
  guess what if we 'd stop eating cows and instead set them free , their population would explode because we did not only domensticate them ( farm them , basically ) , we also eliminated every predator big enough to kill them . 
  at least in the countries that consume by far the most meat . 
  we 'll get a lot more cow-farts . 
  the natural balance is already upset and i hate to break it to you : nothing is going to restore it . 
  and if you think that some feel-good label on your 12 euro coffee equates to non-exploited workers ... well i have a bridge i 'd like to sell to you ... 
  what a fucking joke . 
  i never wish ill on another person , but i think it would be cosmic justice if one of those virtue signaling morons would get torn to shreds by whatever flavour of the day group of mass murdering butchers she 'll encounter on the way . 
  i 'll bet a months salary she 's vegan , buys fucking overpriced `` fair trade '' products , never bothered to do anything for poor european people - or even those disgusting poor german people - has never had a day of worry in her life and votes green because those disgusting nuclear plants and combustion engine cars need to go . 
  also she thinks che guevara was a freedom fighter , may or may not have a top with his face on it - to go with her brand new iphone 9whatevers . 
  people like her are amongst the biggest scourges the western world sees today . 
  insufferable . 
  thanks italy . 
  well done . 
  could n't conquer them through force , could n't conquer them through bureaucracy . 
  now we try it with solid products for an acceptable price . 
  third time 's the charm, 
  reading cern made me instantly think `` oh , did they accidently create a black hole to give 2016 it 's deserving finale ? '', 
  but instead this is good news . 
  yay science . 
  yeah you wish , holland !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  and ? 
  is that a good thing ? 
  aldi nord is shabby , it 's basically aldi s\u00fcd 20 years ago . 
  aldi s\u00fcd 4 life aldi nord is subhuman garbage, 
  here , let me pour some oil into the fire : poor excuse for a d\u00f6ner kebab jk i love you greeks, 
  lock him up in isolation . 
  after that , send him back to whatever shithole he crawled out of . 
  he forfeited his chance to life in the civilised world . 
  `` i '' did n't sell weapons to them . 
  and the german public is definitely not in favor of selling weapons to saudi arabia . 
  the only reasons they get their hands on our weapons is the fact that out policital elite is a bunch of degenerate fools and of course the fact that they pay cash . 
  loads and loads of cash . 
  i can only hope that the heavy weaponry we sell them has a remote off switch . 
  why should she wear a veil ? 
  do people in saudi arabia really expect the german minister of defence to adhere to some savage backwards tradition ? 
  to put herself into a subservient position because of that ? 
  it reminds me of our former foreign minister guido westerwelle ( rip ) . 
  dude was gay and visited countries where homosexuality was punishable by death . 
  fuck them and their backwards idiocy !, 
  doesnt sound like a name with those suffixes though, 
  `` if god had a house on earth , it would be somewhere in tuscany '' - me ca n't wait to go back there next summer, 
  paging dr. romani mengele, 
  i 'll have to see those photos before i can decide if that suspension was justified . 
  what will you do all day ? 
  post on reddit and watch porn , obviously . 
  if we solve the energy problem via the fusion reactor and follow that up with basically full automatation via robotics and ai - the world as we know it will fundamentally change . 
  in our current societies , money is basically the-be all end-all . 
  it is what we use to quantify success . 
  it is what gives people power . 
  it is what motivates people . 
  this status quo will end . 
  it wo n't happen overnight though . 
  it will take generations . 
  the focus will shift away from money towards other things . 
  and that next thing will be the conquest of space and the universe itself . 
  so do n't worry . 
  there 'll still be things for us to do . 
  no that 's not what i meant to say . 
  i 'm not one of those . 
  like i said , i 'm talking about hardcore political extremists . 
  you know , the ones that only accept their ideology and will use violence to see it come to fruitition . 
  the average right leaning european is as harmless as the average left leaning person or the average muslim . 
  both groups think they are superior . 
  one bases this on culture , the other on religion .
