  i have to say , i miss his antics a bit . 
  granted he made italy look retarted , but still ... trump is just not enough to fill the void left behind by this sleazy bastard . 
  did n't he distrust merkel becaus she ugly yo ? 
  that statistic is very very racist and i think you , op , are guilty of crimethink . 
  hurra !, 
  funny , when you think of modern warfare a bayonet charge seems so out there ... but i guess there 's situations where it 's still effective . 
  damned if i know . 
  the second he got kicked down the ladder and schulz took over he started losing weight . 
  good for him . 
  i ca n't classify the intergrity of this source , but there was an overwhelmingly positive media blitz during the crisis . 
  saying whether or not that was due to the government exerting pressure or due to journalists personal agendas is tinfoil territory . 
  could be both , really , because neither is known for personal or professional integrity . 
  guess we 'll never know for sure . 
  the journalistic and political landscape changed in recent times tho , much more critical of the situation for obvious reasons . 
  he lost a lot of weight . 
  the `` hole '' you see in his throat is a optical illusion due to the excess skin that once were fat-flaps . 
  pfff take a razer and cut em off . 
  if they bleed to death ... well it 's god 's choice then . 
  source : i 've seen videos . 
  serves them right for stealing culture from the real kangz . 
  all those doctors and engineers sure have strange traditions . 
  also the amount of burqas i have to see increased exponentially . 
  what 's ruining the countries ? 
  and what 's a `` letters section '' ? 
  i do n't understand your post at all . 
  not surprising actually . 
  ever since they removed any form of competition out of education , boys have been underperforming . 
  while girls thrive in a climate where working together towards a common goal is the goal , boys are like `` if ** i ** ca n't win this shit , what 's the point in participating ? '', 
  also not surprising is the fact that these numbers wo n't have any political consequences . 
  it 's only a problem when it 's the other way around , see : suicide rates , research funding for testicular and prostate cancer etc. 
  pretty sad but the sexism thing was n't solved , it just made a 180 \u00b0 turn . 
  people are still shilling this ? 
  it 's a pipedream - quite literally . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  it 's way too dangerous to be used by people . 
  you 'd have to be a massive idiot to sit in a capsule racing through a vacuum tube . 
  if this tube has one little hole you 're going to have a really bad day . 
  deso dog was always shit but man , i could sing and rap better . 
  almost makes me want to jihad the shit out of the west . 
  the assassins creed iconography ruins it tho beacuse assassins creed is garbage . 
  say what you want about is , their pr is really good . 
  much better than ours . 
  this is just sad . 
  i mean really really sad . 
  i grew up with a black guy that still hangs with a gang of skinheads/hooligans that is pretty far right . 
  i guess a lot of them do n't care about your skin color as long as your attitude is right . 
  it 's more about culture nowadays . 
  in a few thousand years it 's all humanity versus disgusting subhuman aliens that came and took ` er jerbs . 
  idiots and ideologies are evolving too . 
  well yeah , they 're the o.g. 
  aryans after all, 
  if you let yourself get pushed around , you will get pushed around . 
  especially by germans . 
  i 'll let you in on a secret : we 're very direct people . 
  if you want something ( or rather do n't want something ) just get in their faces . 
  if someone cuts the queue , tell them to fuck off to the back . 
  if someone reserves a bed with a towel , throw the towel into the pool and plant your ass on the bed . 
  if you want to change the place you could just add busts instead of replacing them . 
  this is n't about giving black people the respect they deserve for their achievements . 
  this is about rewriting history and shitting on white people . 
  this is so fucking stupid ... maybe the wall is lined with white middle-aged men because white middle-aged men discovered and built fucking everything you see ? 
  it is frank zander , the man , the myth , the legend . 
  i call your gummybears and raise you a [ turtles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctcwz6grxnq ) theme, 
  by that you mean : can switzerland become part of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , right ? 
  i have to give it to you , our beloved frenemy : that 's cool as shit . 
  i take it daft punk gets the respect they deserve in france ? 
  finally !, 
  i was so offended when i was called a gentlemen that i my ptsd gave me a panic attack . 
  it 's 2017 , time to tackle real problems like this one ... 
  the typical german massage starts with a shower , if you know what i 'm saying ... 
  the dutch should be thankful we did n't cut off the handlebars and sent them to the families of these sub ~ ~ humans ~ ~ transportationunits . 
  now that would send a clear massage . 
  could be rheinland-pfalz . 
  translation `` da hocken die , die da immer hocken . '', 
  `` here they sit , the ones that always sit here '', 
  thank fuck i 'm dead by then, 
  all hail glorious capital esszett !!!, 
  rule 34 when ? 
  i think it 's comparable between all extremists . 
  losers that blame everyone but themselves for their shortcomings join up with whatever ideology they are closest to . 
  left , right , religious fundamentalism , you name it . 
  read the interview , macron did n't exactly say what op think he said . 
  it 's not reductionist , it 's sober . 
  fair enough , i missed that paragraph while parsing trough . 
  it 's only 43 % then , living with their parents ( as the people doing this survey put up as an example for former results ) a lot less pathetic - but still really pathetic . 
  burning cars and attacking the police at night , living in hotel mama at day . 
  what are they angry about ? 
  oh , i know . 
  they think it 's racism , is n't it . 
  well it 's also the reality , sweetheart . 
  84 % men, 
  just a little exert from the report `` left wing violence in berlin '' from the years 2009 - 2013 . 
  just so we all ( especially symphatizers ) know who exactly we are dealing with . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.berlin.de/sen/inneres/verfassungsschutz/publikationen/im-fokus/im_fokus_linke_gewalt_2009-2013.pdf ) is the pdf download for the source material . 
  * age : 72 % are 19-30 years old . 
  35 % are between 21 and 24 years old . 
  * family situation : 91 % of them are single * living situation : 43 % ( !!!! ), 
  are living with their parents . 
  * job situation : 34 % have no job , 27 % are still in school , university . 
  47 % have a job/apprenticeship * education : 29 % have abitur ( qualifies for university ) , 38 % realschule ( middle ground ) 17 % have hauptschule ( may or may not be able to read and write ) 59 % of their criminal acts have been directed against people , 81 % of which were directed against police ( 15 % right wingers , 4 % civilians ) .
