  bayern sure is beautiful . 
  and the fairy king sure knew how to pic a proper location for his dream castle . 
  oh look a bunch of pensioneers and children on a school field trip . 
  impressive . 
  no seriously , things like this `` demonstration '' are pathetic . 
  get real or go home . 
  no surprise . 
  people get tired of getting shamed for something they did n't do / are not real fast . 
  just look at pc culture in the states for example . 
  meh in my experience generation y ( born 1980-2000 ) is just having their children way later than ever before . 
  i know very few people that got children before they were 35 . 
  which is a drastic change compared to say my mother , who had me when she was 21 . 
  or my grandma who had two children at 19 . 
  how to know if you 're european ? 
  remembering watching this gem of a cartoon series . 
  listening to the theme song 30 years later for 10 minutes straight on youtube . 
  while youtube suggests you a video about a new german swinger club for the elderly and the group sex parties they have there . 
  europe . 
  great . 
  let 's see if we can help afghanistan back to where they were before the sovjet invasion . 
  back in the 70s it must have been paradise on earth , if my friends mother is to believed . 
  she used to go there every year on vacation . 
  the beards are legit . 
  it taught me a lot of things too !!, 
  this is called either schokocrossaint or schokobr\u00f6tchen in germany . 
  it 's delicious either way . 
  39 % percent have never read a book ? 
  do you guys not read books in school or is that excluded ? 
  why does italy think portugal is the greatest threat to world peace ?? 
  well asterix and obelix are super famous in germany . 
  the comics and the movies . 
  i always thought they 're ultra-famous at least throughout all of europe ... 
  i still think the `` restored '' picture is pure genius and the best thing that could happen to a remote church . 
  ape-jesus must be a tourist draw !, 
  what a rathole . 
  he said `` apologize '' not `` pay people that had nothing to do with it '', 
  canada is n't going to lead anything , especially not with this pretty boy feminist-that-hits-women-in-parliament joke of a man at the helm . 
  all your base are belong to us !, 
  ahh good old asace . 
  last time i was in stra\u00dfburg ( what a french sounding name for a city ... ) i was served cold coffee with the following remark : `` you germans drink what we give you to drink '' . 
  he said that in german , to be clear . 
  after that he refused to understand our complaints ( in german or french ) so we decided to not pay and leave . 
  then he tried to assault me . 
  then the police got involved . 
  man was i happy when i returned to glorious germania that evening . 
  it 's all down to mr. 
  i want to advice him to use `` i 'm too sexy '' from the band right said fred as his campaign song . 
  so he slipped and fell on a poison vial again ? 
  what are the chances ? 
  he was an alright guy i guess . 
  sweet car, 
  great to see you guys stand up to corruption !, 
  keep on protesting , they ca n't ignore you . 
  disappointing . 
  was expecting a fist-fight ... 
  nice citadelle , must have been a bitch to attack . 
  see what i did there ? 
  i would agree with you on principle but i think that we need right now is stability . 
  and merkel is as stable as one can get . 
  give schulz 4 years at the helm of the spd . 
  as foreign minister and vice-chancellor . 
  that way he can get things rolling and can use his excellent eu knowledge and connections to get europe stable . 
  after that we shall bask in the god-chancellors glory for the next 40 years . 
  yeah i fully agree and every muslim i ever talked about the issue with foreign financing of religion communities agrees with the `` church '' tax . 
  get ditib out . 
  it 's a political tool for erdogan to influence turks ( and germans that claim they still are turks ) in germany . 
  out with it . 
  down the drain it goes . 
  miss espa\u00f1a my heart beats only for you !, 
  now the times sure have changed . 
  they all looked way more natura back thenl . 
  you know ... more like how women actually look . 
  nowadays it 's all plastic surgery and fake eyelashes and contact lenses . 
  also : nice work miss france . 
  now i know what the left side of your face looks like ... 
  only 3.4 % are for concessions towards the us . 
  pretty clear sign about the general mindest when it comes to modern day usa . 
  oh yeah but i bet they have a cure for atheism : death by stoning . 
  give me schulz or give me death !, 
  he 's easily best suited to bring the spd back on track . 
  he 'll lose to angela merkel though . 
  4 more years for merkel and after that the gottkanzler will take over ( the world ) with hohe energie !, 
  just when you thought it could n't get any worse than schlager ... 
  can japan in europe ? 
  - loves beethoven 's ninth ? 
  check - imperialistic tendencies ? 
  check - commited at least one genocide ? 
  check - knows how to build a decent car ? 
  check - sexual deviants ? 
  check i think we should sit down for some japanese - eu ascension talks !, 
  it 's a match made in heaven !, 
  wow south germany really is something else . 
  crazy numbers . 
  this is just pure perfection, 
  awesome news !, 
  space exploration is one of the most important undertakings there is . 
  while it wo n't happen in our lifetimes , humans will sooner rather than later start colonising the universe . 
  we have to . 
  our sun wo n't be around forever . 
  i 'll reserve my judgement on his competence until he actually did something that has real consequences .
