we 're giving people back blue light in the form of super-efficient leds . 
  the lack of blue is due to the opressive atmosphere absorbing the sweet blue light for itself because it 's a greedy nazi just like the dutch !, 
  according to the english , one world cup is worth one world war , so we 're still at +2 . 
  you know you could also be a world champion by doing the right thing and surrendering your country to us ? 
  blue led lights so you can do work while driving around the streets getting drunk at night . 
  also 4 world cups so we 're ... infinite steps ahead . 
  it has lights, 
  [ checkmate ] ( http://www.blumenbriga.de/wp-content/uploads/bierwagen1.jpg ), 
  do we ? 
  beign conservative is the new counter-culture . 
  do n't forget the so called `` progressives '' have lost the plot and it sometimes seems the live in different realities . 
  my sundays as a child consisted of mainly watching louis de funes and bud spencer movies with my father . 
  i loved his crazy hyperactive agressive characters . 
  much fun , much likey !, 
  louis ' movies also had the fantastic dubbing that had very little to do with what they actually said in the original `` das fetzt dem baby die banane aus der fresse '', 
  colour me surprised ... not !, 
  anything else would be political suicide . 
  yeah , that 's what monica does to me . 
  i 'll be her murkeye any day of the week ... 
  his analysis was spot on , but the conclusions the marxists drew from it , and still draw today , are poison . 
  what is informing people about ethics , responsibility and international economics , ** from our viewpoint ** , if not propaganda ? 
  while getting the sweet sweet cheap saudi oil is surely pouring oil into the fire - especially in the light of their financing of salafism - getting rid of it wo n't bring stability in our backyards . 
  we 're talking about millenia old ethnic conflicts . 
  so while your point is noble i doubt it will do much in bring peace . 
  and keeping me from watching videos of muslim ss troops is n't going to do it either . 
  also stopping online `` harassment '' is n't going to cut it , same as banning videogames or banning anything really . 
  isis recruitment videos are nothing special , really . 
  they are well produced , the music on some of them is actually pretty catchy , but at the end of the day it 's nothing but the old `` true muslims of this world , rise against the evil opressor , the disgusting white people that keep you down even though it is your divine right to rule them '' yadda yadda with some executions thrown in for good meassure . 
  i personally ca n't fathom how one can be stupid enough to buy into their shit , especially since a lot of these scum are of our age and grew up with us together in the west . 
  i disagree , censorship is a slippery slope . 
  banning their videos is not going to stop them in the slightest bit . 
  their main tool for recruitment are foreign funded mosques and religious communities where they prey on the mentally unstable , socially isolated , the poor and the dumb . 
  some teens that are impressed by their ( admittedly well produced ) propaganda videos are not going to undermine our societies . 
  if anything we should produce counterpropaganda to fight their ideology and beat them at their own game . 
  turning them into the forbidden fruit is showing that we are afraid and gives them the legitimisation they do n't deserve . 
  but no , trying to censor the fucking internet ( which is only achievable by turning it into an intranet ) is the fight we chose , instead of battling the things that are located down the street , blowing their armed forced into dust and most importantly : fixing the socioeconomic factors that drives people into their arms . 
  sure but those are ... well ... outsourced , not internal - so to speak . 
  yea i know that . 
  the problem is that most people do n't know , do n't care or even support it . 
  check out [ this ] ( https://netzpolitik.org/2017/new-hate-speech-law-in-germany-already-extended-before-it-enters-into-force/ ) for what 's coming next . 
  that 's germany , a bunch of hyper-conformists . 
  if the state says something is not okay , then it must be true !, 
  if you criticise it , that must mean you 're a nazi sympathizer . 
  it is one of the main reasons why i vehemently support the eu : to reign in germany 's tendency for regulating absolutely anything for `` the greater good '' - even if it means it opens the door for actual facists . 
  like the new hatespeech laws will , if they manage to make it through our constitutional court . 
  i think it 's a mix of : `` wo n't somebody think of the children ? 
  '' , `` we have to show people that we are definitely not nazis anymore '' , people actually thinking watching nazi propaganda turns people into actual nazis and general moral busybodies and gutmenschen thinking that because they dislike something or find it offensive everyone should think so too and it should be banned . 
  all i know is that i had hopes this would end once they loosened up the censoring and banning of violent videogames - but i fear it 's only going to get worse . 
  wasting a load of other people 's money on some vanity bs . 
  that 's a leftist if i ever saw one . 
  as it turns out you can watch other videos about the ss handschar . 
  it 's just this one video that i 'm not allowed to see . 
  because it would probably trigger something that would make me go attack france or something . 
  will be interesting to see if putin allows concentration camps in russia or if he sides with those `` dirty homosexual deviants '' . 
  silly does n't even begin to describe this farce, 
  yeah i thought so , i know there were muslim ss divisions . 
  but we ca n't show that here in germany . 
  probaby because it 's racist ... because you can easily watch videos about german ss divisions . 
  i 'm more of a omnibus simulator guy myself , so fuck the forklift peasentry . 
  oh great , blocked in germany :d, 
  they are probably talking about biker gangs - which are basically the german version of organised crime syndicates . 
  they 've incorporated a lot of the smaller turkish and arab crime organisations and even though they do n't ride motorcycles or are `` rockers '' they still pose as motorcycle clubs - or more recently , at least in my area , as `` martial arts clubs '' associates of biker gangs . 
  the inability of people to understand memes is staggering . 
  `` do you know what pepe the frog means ? '', 
  it means nothing , it 's a joke . 
  where did i say that gay people in france get thrown off buildings ? 
  i give an argument for why gay people might vote the far right . 
  they see an existential threat to who they are - and i do n't argue that every muslim is violent , far from it . 
  but let 's check the countries where homosexuality is punished by death : afghanistan , mauritania , sudan , northern nigeria , yemen , saudi arabia , qatar , somalia , iran . 
  do you see a pattern ? 
  what about [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.queer.de/detail.php?article_id=25920 ) fake news ? 
  you were spot on with `` religious nuts '' - but it 's not [ reeeeaaallly ] ( https://www.ncronline.org/blogs/ncr-today/pope-homosexuals-who-am-i-judge ) the christian nuts - certainly they are n't the only ones . 
  do you have a source for the gay teen suicide thingy ? 
  i would like to read it . 
  i very much doubt marriage is going to solve any problems in the long run . 
  marriage is a way to avoid taxes big time and that 's what everybody wants after all , no ? 
  if people would marry for romantic or religious reasons , we would n't have a 50 % divorce rate . 
  awesome picture . 
  and look , canada is in the picture too !, 
  get a unix system running . 
  problem solved . 
  we have more than enough capable people to do that . 
  might cost a lot , but the industrial spionage via ms 's newest spyware does a lot more damage in the long run . 
  you 're speculating . 
  my speculation : the clock is going to be turned back 30 years when it comes to homosexuals . 
  pretty shitty but still beats getting thrown off a roof . 
  if you think the afd or fn or whatever form the alt-right takes on is going to open the concentration camps , you 're dead wrong . 
  they 'd be chased down the streets and hung from lampposts . 
  the fact i have to play advocatus diaboli for the rightwing scumbags sickens me , but you need to lay off the blinders and maybe spend a minute thinking about why gay people would chose the far right . 
  pro tip : it 's not because they 're stupid and have n't seen the light yet . 
  people have their reasons , just like you do . 
  i do n't know what they are going to do . 
  but people know what happens to gays and jews in countries where political islam is in charge . 
  hence - the lesser evil . 
  everything you do n't like is breitbart or fake news ... grow up . 
  you 're right . 
  they do n't fall for it , they pick the lesser evil . 
  give it another 10 years of the way things are going and you 'll see a lot more people doing just that . 
  yes , at least the four i know .
