  but wait ... the methhead-in-chief volker beck is already arguing against it . 
  the greens man ... 
  i hope they get less than 5 % ... tl ; dr i 'm fully behind that proposition for all religions in germany . 
  if you want to believe in fairy tales - fine . 
  but if that fairy tale tells you to kill me , the fairy tale has to go . 
  can you teach us how to find and neutralize the scum , italy-senpai ? 
  i like the borders of green ... 
  did this ever stop you from playing uncensored version of the games ? 
  i always just ordered them in the uk , it 's cheaper anyway . 
  but yea it 's horrid and we should get rid of it - but it 's only going to get worse . 
  soon enough we ca n't even bitch about censorship online anymore , because we 're defaming the institution that lobbies for censorship ... 
  `` used to '' is a bit strong i think , considering this law applies very rarely . 
  but technically you 're correct - the best form of correct , 
  in theory you can but the law is very vague . 
  still the law is a fucking joke . 
  let them deny whatever they want . 
  they 're outing themselves as fucking idiots by doing so . 
  we 're not going to give it up easily . 
  sadly there 's enough people that : a ) do n't understand the value of freedom of speech b ) are brainwashed into thinking that giving up on their basic right is going to make them safer against physical or even `` psychological '' violence ( think cyberbullying , hate speech , online harassment and the like ) c ) do n't see the bigger picture : policitians and their cronies in traditional media are scared of the way things are heading . 
  back in the dark ages , the church had the monopoly on information . 
  then came the printing press and the - ... well - the press held the monopoly on information . 
  then came political ideologies and took over or at least massively influenced the press . 
  then came the internet ... 
  the cabal of people that steer societies are losing their grip on information . 
  you can believe the story politicians tell you about a given situation . 
  you can believe whichever source of classical media ( print , tv , radio ) you cosume . 
  or you can go online and ask some guy that - let 's say - witnessed a given situation . 
  hear it straight from the horse 's mouth . 
  to return to this current example in spain : if there 's one thing they hate even more than losing control over information - it 's somebody laughing at their expense . 
  do n't worry spanish bros : no matter what they 'll do : people like me will laugh straight at their ugly faces while ripping the most offensive jokes known to mankind . 
  pah our new `` hate-speech '' laws are going to blow those antique laws out of the water . 
  just wait !, 
  what 's going on inside his ear ? 
  going to jail for making joke ... great times we live in . 
  credit where credit is due . 
  that 's a lot of alcohol . 
  i bet half of the fatalities in germany are dutch caravan drivers that have their soul sucked out of them when i roadrage past them and i give them the hate eyes because they 're driving around on the middle lane going fucking 80 . 
  can you hear darwin knocking at your door , anti-vaxxers ? 
  they 'll probably call this a conspiracy of big pharma to force them to inject autism-poison into their children . 
  it 's coming sooner or later , so just do it . 
  who cares , just let the gays have their tax break . 
  it 's really pathetic how media organisations destroy their credibility only to make the donald look like a tool . 
  as if he needed any help in doing it . 
  no integrity , shouting fake news at anything they do n't like - all while producing fake news themselves . 
  genius ... 
  few years ago i did n't really care and thought the health issues were made up new age shit like electro-smog , but now i 'm 33 and i 'm starting to feel the consequences of the time switch . 
  i 've been really tired the last few days . 
  getting old sucks big time :(, 
  b. . . but i thought it was the dutch !, 
  on a more serious note : it were the dutch super-nazis that sucked germany into this . ^ / s i do n't really know what this article is supposed to tell me . 
  europeans have opressed , enslaved and genocided people ( especially jews ) for centuries before the first puritan even set foot on the american continent . 
  just because the states were `` state of the art '' and an inspiration , when it came to racially biased laws , does n't mean that nazi germany was `` made in america '' , we managed that on our own just fine . 
   the three-centimeter ( 1.18-inch ) thick coin , with a diameter of 53 centimeters ( 20.9 inches ) that is one massive coin . 
  if he needed it for the coke vending machine , he could have probably used it to smash the fucker to pieces and enjoy all the cola !, 
  supporting does not mean pay their debts . 
  supporting means helping countries ( or people , or anything really ) helping themselves . 
  what is pumping trillions into greece going to achieve if the money is pissed away in an overblown , defunctional public sector anyway . 
  governments are inefficient that 's true but what 's the alternative ? 
  compare that to the cost of redundancies we have in our millitaries alone : the uk , germany , spain and italy pissed away billions in developing the typhoon/eurofighter while the french have a perfectly capable multi-purpose jet in the rafale . 
  simply buying the french craft would have saved an insane amount of time and money that could be put to better use on securing our borders or financing infrastructure project of our eastern neighbours . 
  or the redundancies that come with having 27 different fiscal systems ... 
  i do n't know how much federalisation costs , i could only guess : a lot . 
  i know how much reunifying germany did cost ( and still costs ) . 
  that does n't change the fact that it was the only way forward . 
  you ca n't always make decisions about whatever something will cost . 
  otherwise the uk would n't have chosen brexit . 
  i see further integration and especially a common defense doctrine that comes with functioning border security as the only way forward . 
  the european nations alone - even germany - will be dwarfed by bigger entities otherwise . 
  let alone the fact that if we do n't find a way to secure our borders together , the migration waves and the humanitarian and political consequences coming from them might send some european countries into civil war sooner or later . 
  eastern europe has been lifted big sime since the collapse of the udssr by cooperation with the eu alone . 
  this is n't about getting countries to a level of productivity comparable to germany . 
  it 's about lifting them up from wherever they are . 
  make them places people want to live and work in . 
  give them room to improve . 
  we protect our borders by removing redundancy in our armies by cooperating more with the aim to create a common army or at least a common security concept . 
  i 'm for supporting greece , spain and italy with whatever they need to sort out the mediterranian and - especially with greece - make us independent of that insane deal we have with turkey . 
  the taxpayers pay for it obviously . 
  we pay for such an insane amount of useless crap that it would be a welcome change to spend money on something useful for once . 
  sure . 
  disprespecting a made up invoice from a joke of a president . 
  who 's going to kick us out of nato ? 
  pretty big news , have n't read much about it until now . 
  the eu really needs better pr . 
   `` we want a secure and protected europe . 
  we must better protect our external borders and we want an economically stronger europe , '' sounds good , let 's see what we 'll get out of it . 
  i wonder which countries will push the hardest for more integration . 
  france and germany are obviously down for it . 
  the swamp bro 's are right there with germany and belgium is surely going to push for more integration too . 
  would be nice if spain and especially italy were on board . 
  with that bloc we can seriously start to lift eastern europe and the southern periphery up and fully integrate them too . 
  and the most important question : can we call it roman empire reloaded now ? 
  i 'd wipe my ass with it . 
  very interesting and clever concept . 
  would be great if the old mines that are basically worthless now could be repurposed as a energy storage device . 
  no they are not more intelligent , if anything they are dumber - but information can be found much easier than it was 100 years ago . 
  i think you 're looking at it the wrong ankle : fake news is nothing new , it 's been around forever and all sides do it . 
  just look at the `` serious media '' and their shilling of hillary clinton - one of the most corrupt and despicable politicians i 've ever witnessed . 
  to get the full picture you either have to read all the news sources , or - ironically - read the news as much opposed to your own point of view as possible and fact check them . 
  it 's really not that hard but most people probably can not be bothered to do anything other than updating their facebook status on one of the greatest inventions ever - a network that directly connects the people of earth with each other . 
  i ca n't into normies .
