  you can cook an egg at that temperature !, 
  these commieblocks are probably clad in asbestos . 
  while it might give you cancer , at least you wo n't burn to death . 
  meh , for us it was jojos and tamagochi . 
  it 's just a fad . 
  now that 's out of the way : damn right crush the things !, 
  make these damn kids get of my lawn with their stupid spidget faggers or whatever they are called . 
  my blood is boiling . 
  why not just drop this farce and pick them up at the harbour ? 
  we might get a problem with that considering geneva conventions and all that nosense ... 
  rest in peace , birne !, 
  you will not be forgotten . 
  i admired the fact that he forced unification against the odds and even though it was expensive and a lot of people in the west and east would have perferred a different solution - it was the right thing to do . 
  there can only be one germany and helmut got that right . 
  that 's why he 's one the greatest german chancellors ( he literally was the biggest , no kidding he was a monster of a man ) . 
  my condolences to his family . 
  i doubt you 'll find a hk weapon series that does n't work . 
  the hk433 looks a tad cooler . 
  it 's important to have cooler looking killing tools then the french . 
  now i 'm sure the brits are going to leave . 
  it would be political suicide to ignore the referendum . 
  but it would be absolutely hilarious if they stay and lose all their special needs perks . 
   porn addicted so he 's addicted to jerking off ? 
  who is n't ???? 
  does he keep watching after he 's done ? 
  now that would be weird ... 
  a great mind , a renegade and a genius . 
  thank you for giving us the delicious ananas pizza . 
  you will never be forgotten !, 
   what explains this attitude from relatives ? 
   one woman who commented to komsomolskaya pravda newspaper may have put her finger on it . 
   the relatives live in a small village and know their children will probably marry locally in the future . 
   ` they must prove that there was no pathology in their family , otherwise their kids have no chances in a small community , ' it was claimed . 
   ` so they have to prove that those parents have beaten and hurt the girl themselves , and that mother nature has nothing to do with it . ', 
  wow that 's just disgusting from the family . 
  `` we are no degenerates , it 's just that they cut half of the childs face off themselves !, 
  please keep considering our family for arranged marriages ! '', 
  let 's hope the doctors can fix the girl 's face because quite frankly , she looks like a mutant zombie ... 
  sounds great to me . 
  i bet germany will also replace the g36 with the hk416 , like the french do . 
  makes sense . 
  sorry but disqualified for using cheap knockoff nutella . 
  ca n't wait to see the first guy sent to jail for sitting ... you know : like a man . 
  it 's called dancefloor . 
  calling it eurodance makes you look like a dipshit american . 
  oh yeah , so that 's what those fake euro-coins are . 
  i 've had a few of them and just spent them in the supermarket , no one seems to notice . 
  they are best friends because saudi arabia is rich as fuck . 
  aside the fact you put some strange shitty remix from rhythm of the night onto that list , germany wins this competition on [ `` what is love ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_u6mwu1xqa ) alone . 
   `` it 's a little confusing . 
  nobody calls it czechia , i do n't know why , '' well to be fair , the guardian 's quote makes it look like nobody calls it czechia , but you 're probably right it 's anglosaxon focused . 
  also it 's the guardian , what can you expect ... 
  we call you czechia . 
  tschechien to be precice , but it 's really close . 
  well , less money for drugs , heroin is n't exactly cheap and if one wants to overdose , i 'd recommend a speedball which is even more expensive ... 
  that does n't sound at all like we 're going to annex them ... 
  meh , they could 've just called it `` dein kampf '' there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  i doubt anyone would care . 
  off topic : to be frank , `` mein kampf '' is a fantastic title for a biography , if i could i 'd name my debut album , my autobiography and the movie they 'll make about me , exactly that . 
  they 're known as the `` texas of germany '' for a reason . 
  nothing new really , bayern started bitching the second they stopped sucking funds out and instead had to pay into the funds . 
  the grey bastards are fairly new around here and have started to decimate the red ones . 
  the red one that lives in the tree at my balcony though is still standing strong . 
  the giant amount of nuts i feed it , has turned it into a giant fat monster of a squirrel . 
  he 's going to rape any grey bastard that 's out to mess with him and some virus is not going to stop that fat fucker . 
  audio-technica , nice choice . 
  sadly there 's no point in posting something like that , the teddybear throwing `` willkommenskultur '' dumbass children will never accept that we let tens of thousands of the worst people on earth in , with no background check at all . 
  they think they have the moral superiority and the baby boomer morons do n't give a flying fuck as long as their pensions are secure . 
  just today i stepped in human shit - again . 
  i really do n't understand it , what 's so hard in finding a bush to shit behind ? 
  at least i 'm big enough so assholes from the center they 've built down the street do n't want to fuck with me ... 
  ultra expensive and mega dangerous . 
  even a magnetic rail train would be more realistic than this pipedream ( hehe ) . 
  never going to happen . 
  trees do not have genitals so they ca n't have sex . 
  just because you stick your dick into a tree does n't mean that they participate . 
  it only means you 're a degenerate . 
  trees do not have a nervous system so they ca n't feel pain . 
  they also do n't cuddle and since there has never been any indication of communication , they also do n't have social structures . 
  what is this shit and why the fuck is this clown given a platform to promote his esoteric nonsense ? 
  looks like that newspaper took on trump 's challenge about who 's the biggest embarrassment . 
  is she ciri ? 
  on topic : i always had and always will have shelter dogs only . 
  they are damaged good , outsiders , weirdos and were given up on - just like me . 
  never in a million years will i get some deisgner dog from some breeder and pay some thousand euros for 'em too . 
  funny , did n't know apples are called `` scale 1:6.000.000 '' in the middle east . 
  anything to get your brand into the public . 
  every rag in the northern hemisphere is going to write an article ab out it . 
  free adverts right in the center . 
  there is no such thing as bad pr . 
  never heard of that before ... ... 
  it wo n't have any consequences . 
  what is this switzerland , the second day in a row you come up with some truly retarted shit ? 
  are you trying to out-do us ? 
  if people get depressed by looking at a beautiful landscape online they desperately need therapy . 
  catering to the whims of a depression is not going to help people in any way . 
  considering the outrage this sparks , i 'd say it was successfull advertising . 
  so , italy is blue dabedi dabedei , de dabedi dabedei dabedi dabedei ? 
  that 's the requirements for special forces ?
