  neuschwanstein is n't even in vi . 
  even if it were , wonders that give old building you need to build anyway on any higher difficulty a bonus as massive as neuschwanstein beat some jungle bonus any time . 
  especially since jungle is generally garbage . 
  +2 happines , +4 culture , +6 gold and in addition every castle in your empire gives you +1 happiness , +2 culture and +3 gold . 
  it 's one of the best wonders in game , for sure , but you need a mountain inside the cities territory . 
  he provoked russia and fell on his face , he provoked the dutch and fell on his face , he provoked germany and fell on his face , he provoked the eu and fell on his face ... now he 's trying to provoke all of nato ? 
  does he realize that sooner or later he ( and by extension turkey ) will bite off more than he can chew ? 
  veggie days , banning diesel cars , gender politics , demanding germany to rely on reneweables even though battery technology is n't there yet . 
  a cynic might say they helped kill nuclear energy so they could stay relevant fighting coal ... 
  if they make it past the 5 % hurdle this year , i still see them dismantling themselves in the next 10 years . 
  just look at their top politicans , \u00d6zdemer is competent but busy with his personal war against erdogan and kretschmann is so black that the berlin cdu thinks he 's too conservative and after that ... 
  the void, 
  blackmail people into giving you more information , for example . 
  this is how spies are made . 
  i , for one , ca n't wait for the `` left '' we have to be killed off . 
  they are the exact reverse of what they once were . 
  they are even more elitist snobs that lost the contact to the base then the conservatives could ever be . 
  spd is done and dusted . 
  the greens are on life support and have nothing left to fight for really . 
  the left does not look like a party that will ever be part of a government . 
  time for a new player to enter the game . 
  you would think both the us and russia would have learned by now to stay the fuck out of afghanistan . 
  getting involved there is a recipe for disaster . 
  it 's a mountain-hell ruled by warlords funded through the opium trade . 
  i would n't touch that with a ten foot pole . 
  that 's really stupid . 
  in such a case you have to do it like microsoft : they hired the guy who cracked the copy protection of the first xbox to build the copy protection for the 360 . 
  that 's how you do it , folks . 
  they were ? 
  that 's very interesting . 
  in germany they were ruined by safe spaces where you could watch puppy videos , ballpits , gender-nonsense and the insufferable people that come with those things . 
  that is , the other side of the coin . 
  which is a shame really , it 's time for a new left and the pirates had imho some really great ideas . 
  this way i have to vote to keep things out and have to wait on the `` left afd '' . 
  at least she had the integrity to do what she was advocating for people to do . 
  sadly her ability to assess risk was n't very good . 
  it 's extremely dangerous to save a drowning person if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
  they 'll do anything to keep their head above the water , including kicking and pushing you down . 
  plastic bags are a enviromental hazard , a waste of ressources and giant waste of money . 
  just get yourself a loadout of cloth bags , like a civilised person . 
  i have 4 in my car , 2 in my backpack and 2 on my bicycle . 
  have never had to buy a plastic one in the last 15 years . 
  i 'm glad they 're gone . 
  i would n't mind japan joining in . 
  that way we could call it valkyrie because the japanese would love that so it would be 2vs1 . 
  that says a lot about the current state of journalism in the western world : quick , educate people on how we 're not dangerous but actually a benefit to society !, 
  i 'm not a vengeful person in general but in the case of people that joined isis ... well , you 've taken up arms against all of civilization , you either butchered people yourself or were a willing accessoire to said butchering . 
  you can rot in the desert for all i care . 
  in a civilized place it 's not acceptable to throw people off of cliffs , like the iraqi forces seem to enjoy doing , and there 's probably people getting caught in the crossfire that had nothing to do with this mess - but whoever chose to pick up arms for isis had it coming . 
  good . 
  i 'm for japanese-german cooperation . 
  it 's a match made in heaven - or hell , depending on your viewpoint . 
  `` germany is seen as a good potential partner because it is seen as being dependable in business at the same time as being techologically capable '' sounds like a massive compliment to me . 
  from a career perspective ... well people that fear their authorities are useful drones that much is clear . 
  she might be a doctor now , but from what i can piece together from my social media ~ ~ stalking ~ ~ investigations , she 's a garbage human . 
  now i had to watch [ it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3_yzoyn4qw ) again . 
  thankfully it 's never a wasted half an hour . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought erdogan . 
  i wonder how he sells this in turkey . 
  how many times did he fall flat on his face with his provocations ? 
  he 's a real winner that one ... 
  that 's supposed to be him ? 
  the description i 've read is 1,90 m , bald and `` umkempt '' aka dirty . 
  now the guy in the picture sure is dirty , but he 's not bald and he sure as shit is n't 1,90 - that guy is a pathetic manlet that would have problems lifting a chainsaw ... 
  reminds me of the vietnamese girl in school . 
  she would get straight up beaten at home if she returned with anything less than a 1 . she 's a neurologist now btw ... 
  waterloo edit : https://www.howtopronounce.com/dutch/waterloo/, 
  yea but this song in particular makes me disproportionalty angry . 
  it made germans say `` waterloo '' like the english would . 
  it really grinds my gears ... 
  you are doing this wrong . 
  we 've told you to ** drive straight through ** belgium , not to drive into a drive through in belgium . 
  you really need to learn this blitkrieg thing now that you 're basically part of the german army . 
  napoleon did not surrender at waterloo . 
  so it really is her . 
  what a dumbass ... she even looks the part . 
  you can keep her for all i care . 
  rebellion against adults is understandable and important in growth as a person . 
  joining a monstrous cult that took up arms against the whole of civilization and becoming their literal whore is a whole different story . 
  what a dummy ... 
  i remember when i was young i always thought `` man , sweden would be one of the countries i could see myself living in . '', 
  now i see that your country is a big massive joke . 
  you make our incompetent fools look like geniuses . 
  you need to take a good long look into the mirror up there . 
  they 've been working together for decades without a doubt . 
  the car industry is the sacred cow for germany , so do n't expect any serious consequences of this . 
  200 bucks is a little on the low side for a high quality escort . 
  especially since you do n't pay them by the hour but book them for the night . 
  surprised by chechzia to be honest , i was offered ficki ficki for 20 euros multiple times . 
  but i guess they do n't count as escorts but are more on the side of white slavery . 
  still waiting on that `` mountain dew - hitler did nothing wrong '' edition ... 
  nah he was always the chubby type . 
  my guess would be that he gets to the age where health issues with obeseity start to add up fast . 
  combine it with a stressfull job and it 's a recipe for disaster . 
  he has two very young daughters so i guess he thought it 's time to get in shape . 
  again : good for him . 
  i lost a lot of weight too and my health is thankful for it . 
  has n't this been debunked already ? 
  either way , i ca n't feel sorry for all the girls that went there to become fuckmeat for a bunch of savages and neither do i feel sorry for the boys that went there to bleed to death from a gutshot in the name of the allmighty skyfairy . 
  that 's the price you pay for stupidity .
