  did his team cooperate with russia ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if russia is powerful enough to influence the us in such a great way , i bet they 're competent enough to leave no traces . 
  so i 'd take anything said about that with a grain of salt . 
  i 'm not saying he 's a great guy . 
  i also think he is n't suited for the job . 
  but people are judging a guy that has n't done anything yet . 
  he did n't release tax returns ? 
  neither would i. 
  what 's the point ? 
  he probably cheated on his taxes like there 's no tomorrow . 
  you know , just like everyone else . 
  really ? 
  build a wall ? 
  that 's their message ? 
  the man has n't done anything yet . 
  this the-world-is-ending garbage is going on my nerves . 
  let 's just wait and see what happens . 
  i doubt he 's going to open concentration camps tomorrow . 
  we 'll deal with whatever happens . 
  just please stop the overreacting . 
  well seems like the brainwashing worked . 
  but remember , a 6th graders opinion is absolutely meaningless . 
  they do n't know shit about anything . 
  he just recites what he 's been told . 
  on googlemaps.de it shows up as b\u00f6hmen ... 
  nah 20 years 'll be enough . 
  i 'm ready to concede then . 
  you 're trusting bankers . 
  you should only trust bankers as far as your arms reach . 
  so you can choke them if necessary . 
  why ? 
  for the same reason footballers do n't go to china to make big money , but stay in europe for less big money ( still big enough ) . 
  culture and tradition . 
  aside from the fact that living like a king must be great , living like a king amongst beggars is different than living like a king amongst people that have enough money to partake and create local culture . 
  also it 's europe . 
  europe . 
  there is n't a place comparable in the world . 
  europe is like old wooden furniture . 
  america is plastic . 
  china is sulfuric acid ( quite literally ) . 
  now let me tell you a little story about greece : during my childhood and my teenage years , our family vacation only knew one place : greece ( platamon/thessaloniki/chalkidiki region ) . 
  i still hold greece in my heart , it 's one of my favorite places in the world . 
  this was in the late eighties until somwhere around 98 . 
  the first time we went there , my familiy exchanged their deutsche mark into drachma . 
  little did we know that the greeks did n't want us to pay in drachma , they perferred us to pay in deutsche mark . 
  they perferred it so much they even gave us shit for much cheaper !, 
  one greek guy explained to us why : they keep the dm until the winter and exchange it into drachma once the rates were more favorable . 
  no product or service was ever paid in full . 
  not a single one !, 
  nothing ever went over through the cash register - always under the table . 
  from moussaka to gold jewelry . 
  in the end neither we or anyone we bought from ever paid any taxes on this transactions . 
  now i do n't blame the greeks for that !, 
  i would have probably done the same thing . 
  but this is nothing but corruption !, 
  and this corruption starts down in the tourism industry all the way up to the higher echelons of higher bureaucracy . 
  and if you - as a state - do n't manage to fleece your fucking tourists for money ... well something 's not going the way it 's supposed to . 
  this construct went bust big time in 08/09 . 
  greece in the `` corruption state '' i described should 've never been allowed into the euro . 
  it was deemed to fail . 
  and it failed hard . 
  obviously greece asked for help . 
  and it was granted help . 
  that help hurt a lot . 
  so complaining started . 
  and some commies were voted into power . 
  these commies had the nerve to put some joker like varoufakis on the big boy table . 
  a guy that wanted to talk game theory while a massive bullet train was heading in his direction . 
  then the blame game started : lazy greeks vs nazi germans . 
  you know how it is . 
  haircuts happened , more blaming happened , people were fired from 80k a year cushion-jobs in the public sector . 
  greece still needs to massively downsize the public sector . 
  still there 's more complaining and blaming going on . 
  while portugal and spain are recovering greece is still bitching . 
  and i 'm really sick of it . 
  no one forced greece into `` the game '' . 
  greece could have stayed out of the eurozone and kept on money-printing itself into irrelevance . 
  they did n't . 
  now deal with the consequences . 
  this is a hard pill to swallow : you do n't spend money you do n't have . 
  and greece spent money it did n't have for decades . 
   they can plainly see that in the 21st century , the big power , with 550 million inhabitants , the highest standard of living , the best geographical position , the best conditions to attract talent , the highest cultural standards , the best health systems , is europe . 
  that 's the most g\u00f6tterfunken thing i 've ever read . 
  i like it and feel inclined to agree . 
  i very much doubt that the uk will keep their position as the financial centre of europe . 
  oh just legalize it already . 
  whenever i `` take a walk '' in my local park i ca n't find a free bench because people sit there and smoke weed . 
  and i do n't live in berlin or hamburg , i live in the catholic south ... no one cares . 
  just do it . 
  think of all the sweet tax-money !!, 
  ** git gud ** or die trying . 
  now i have ear-cancer . 
  thanks !, 
  if you use the holocaust memorial ( or any memorial at all ) to make some dumb fucking poser picture for some dumb social media platform , you deserve zero respect . 
  egocentrism , bad taste and lack of self-awareness combined . 
  these people desperately need to be slapped . 
  well ... the german uniforms were * always * top notch ... 
  man , people knew how to dress back in the day . 
  well no shit !,
