  that 's a joke in my opinion . 
  should be more like 10 times that amount considering the size and growth google had since its birth . 
  urusla von der leyen is a joke, 
  the problem is that they are the bourgeoisie they are claiming to fight . 
  mix that with the fact that it 's mostly young , bored upperclass cunts that think their pathetic insecurities are actual issues that the general populace has to solve and the complete disregard for differing viewpoints and you get a class of insufferable super-cunts . 
  as if turkey has even the slightest chance of joining under your despotic rule . 
  would you share your grandma 's delicious tzatziki recipe with me ? 
  pretty please !, 
   `` the german army is investigating 275 suspected cases of right-wing extremism within its ranks , according to an answer provided by the defense ministry in response to a parliamentary question '' ... `` most of the investigations are related to propaganda crimes and racist commentary on the internet . '', 
  this from deutsche welle . 
  275 suspected cases out of 178.233 active soldiers . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not a problem , but foreignpolicy.com is crying `` wolf ! '', 
  here . 
  when will the press learn ... 
  what was that ? 
  i 've never seen a less determined attempt at another man 's life . 
  looks staged as fuck . 
  ca n't fail a test if there are no tests . 
  genius !, 
  i guess it 's a good sign since it indicates that switzerland 's buisness model is starting to fall apart . 
  time to buy more of those sweet , sweet cds . 
  [ kill me ] ( http://services.edmunds-media.com/image-service/media-ed/ximm/?quality=85&amp;image=/bmw/i3/2014/lt/2014_bmw_i3_det_lt_40620149_717.jpg ), 
  i 've yet to see one . 
  i drive 1500km a month on the autobahn and i 've seen some unicorns , including vintage lamborghini , renault twizi ( yes , apparently people drive these things on the autobahn ) and even abominations like that bmw spacehsip that looks like an aborted transformer . 
  not one tesla in sight . 
  might be i 've missed them considering they are as bland as a car can be . 
  far fetched is an understatement . 
  tesla is not going to outsell anybody because they do n't have the technological edge or the aesthetics - they sell iphones on wheels . 
  what did they achieve ? 
  electric car ? 
  i see them driving around more and more . 
  none of them are tesla . 
  autonomous driving ? 
  no , does n't exist . 
  assisted driving ? 
  merc has a better version of it . 
  ripping of gullible people ? 
  dingdingding jackpot . 
  `` a plan to appease future buyers '' i think you fell for their pr . 
  `` we 'll do great things in the future ! '', 
  pfff . 
  americans have a saying for that : `` put your money where your mouth is '', 
  what a load of dross . 
  tesla is nowhere near the size , market share or revenue of the german big 3 . 
  tesla got nothing on them . 
  tesla is hot air . 
  they got little but pr and personality cult . 
  yea noo yea no yea no yea yea yea most definately yea, 
  yea , you go ahead and ask all women to wear a headscarf in solidarity . 
  see how that 'll work out . 
  shit like this is why right-wing parties are on the rise . 
  the difference is that it 's a judge that decides whether or not something is covered by freedom of speech . 
  what maas is trying to do is to force the decision into private hands , which is flat out dangerous considering there are entities like amadeu antonio that are out there to `` stop hate speech '' while the definition of hate speech in this case is more akin to : `` we do n't like the way you think ! '', 
  it 's in the authority of a judge and only a judge to decide whether something is against the law or not . 
  a `` spy '' ship crashed into a giant freighter and sank ... now i 'm not saying they were drunk ... but they were drunk . 
  happy birthday , king of the swamp  no offense but he 's the dorkiest looking king i can imagine . 
  he 's clearly very uncomfortable in this picture . 
  he needs consulting on how to look like a king : you need a big ass scepter made of pure gold - obviously . 
  you need a crown made of the gold plated bones of your enemies . 
  if you plan to wear anything under that sweet robe ( i would just not wear anything underneath it , ever ) it should be something that apes the dumb peasentry . 
  also a beard is very desperatly needed - again to ape the unwashed masses . 
  swords or other murder-tools are always a nice touch , too . 
  yea right , go bitch some more soldier boy, 
   we can train better in germany than in greece . 
  and cheaper as well . 
  well no , we ca n't . 
  because we ca n't simulate what the greek and turkish airforce are doing over there . 
  that 's as real as a practice lesson as it can get . 
   if you keep asking stupid things like that from your soldiers , while forcing them to move their household every two years and paying them shit salary , you wo n't have any soldiers to deploy in a while . 
  the thing is : you do n't ask soldiers . 
  you order soldiers . 
  it comes with the territory . 
  making the job as family friendly as possible is all nice and dandy ... but it 's just not a very family friendly job . 
  at all . 
  never will be . 
  what if the golden horde rises again in the east ? 
  `` sorry , but i just moved into this new place and my son has a football game on sunday , send someone else to die . 
  i might have sworn an oath but lol who cares , right ? '', 
  not to show off but to train . 
  if children get in the way of a soldier doing his work , what the fuck is he doing in the armed forces ? 
  we should send some of our guys and planes for some practice . 
  let 's see what they 're capable of , we have to evaluate our air force sooner rather than later anyway . 
  that 's more like it , thanks for posting it . 
  to put your statistic into perspective . 
  people chose different fields according to what they want in life . 
  why bring up this statistic at all , since one 's genitals are irrelevant when it comes to qualification , unless you want to start a discussion about it . 
  also i know my butt 's nice , but it 's not for you sweetheart , so lay off . 
  which is why i wrote `` you do n't see anyone complain about that ... '' my butt is fine . 
  tampons and a load of chocolate ... 
  i 've been there before , \u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442 !, 
   france reveals ` proof ' except ... they did n't, 
  what 's in the center ? 
  now that would be cool . 
  i do n't see the problem to be honest . 
  women are n't forced out of ict , they just chose different fields . 
  what 's the proportion of women amongst construction workers ?? 
  you do n't see anyone complain about that ... 
  ... and this is how the final war between humanity and skynet starts ... 
  oh yeah , so next time we enter a bust cycle , states can confiscate your money with the push of a button . 
  in other news : one third of europeans are stupid .
