  napoleon captured moscow and still lost ... 
  more like `` play stupid games , win stupid prices '' you know ... schadenfreude . 
  i do n't give a fuck on which team they 're on . 
  i 'm equal asshole-y to everyone . 
  the fact that the poles now tek yer jerbs for real is still funny . 
  i think it 's more of a case of schadenfreude . 
   efficiency is key made that more efficient for you, 
  i do n't know about you guys , but i think this looks about reicht !, 
  well the source is in the ops article . 
  this week a german ngo had to call for help themselves because they loaded up so many people ( 600 ) they themself were at risk of sinking . 
  all the while there were more boats containing another 400 people to be picked up surrounding the ngos boat . 
  how do you think they find each other ? 
  chance ???? 
  i doubt it . 
  criminal syndicates put the people into boats and send a fleet of - let 's say : 10 boats north . 
  they send some ngo an email with coordinates and that 's that . 
  it 's a win win . 
  our morons feel less ashamed about the fact that they got lucky in the genetic lottery and are born into abundance and the criminal syndicates laugh their ass off at those dumb europeans doing their work . 
  you 're right , at the same time you are wrong . 
  yes , the whole system is broken and needs fixing . 
  no , they are not saving drowning people , they are ferrying people ilegally into the eu - which is human trafficking . 
  they should be put in front of court for this . 
  wait a second ... are n't the 22 capitalists that stole all the wealth putin and his posse ?? 
  independent diplomat springs to mind, 
  it 's the guy that basically bets on countries going belly up and finances seperatist movements to destabilze said countries . 
  all under the guise of beign a `` philanthropist '' dude 's a despicable man . 
  no come on , italy . 
  bringing bud into the picture is just cheating . 
  he 's the greatest man that ever lived . 
  i think it should be legal . 
  as a matter of fact i think all drugs should be legal , controlled and taxed . 
  people that want to use drugs will find a way to do it . 
  it makes more sense to regulate it and keep it in the open , taking money away from criminal organisations . 
  he 's called alfred johnathan kwak in the uk ? 
  that 's even worse than the turtles beign called `` teenage mutant hero turtles '' in germany ... 
  it was one of my favorite cartoons as a child , precisely because it had the mature themes . 
  i was very sad when his family got killed by a car :(, 
  nice loophole to wiggle your way out of a death sentence . 
  do you have any concrete example of this ? 
  well reuters talks about `` spiegel magazine '' which implies that it 's the print version . 
  the spiegel print version is still excellent . 
  spiegel online is cancer though - and i only found an article on the online portal . 
  interesting situation . 
  according to the article about it on spiegel online , people enter germany claiming that they were taliban and that they would be executed in afghanistan for their crimes . 
  is that a reason for asylum ? 
  if yes : what about people wanted for murder in states that have capital punishment ? 
  this is a bit like south american countries harboring nazis that fled from their punishment - which would have been death . 
  probably due to a lack of data . 
  it 's nigh on impossible india was never plagued by ... the plague . 
  yeah western civilization is in deep crisis and there is numerous points and reasons for it : - rotten academia : in the light of this article , it seems to me that ( especially in the us , but it will spill over as it always does ) a narrative gets taught that can only be described as a one-dimensional , ideologically loaded plague , perpetrated by moronic failed hippie professors that no adult person would ever take serious . 
  it 's the `` white devil took everything from the noble savages and killed them all for no reason at all '' story . 
  yea , there is some truth to that , we did . 
  just like the `` noble savages '' did to others before . 
  and before . 
  and before . 
  unfortunately the kids eat that nonsense up without thinking about it for a second . 
  the history of mankind has been one giant blood bath and we 're just lucky enough to live in a relatively peaceful period . 
  no one has clean hands in this . 
  everybody slaughtered everybody . 
  we are n't the worst and certainly not the only ones so stop teaching children that we are . 
  teach them facts and let them make up their own mind . 
  - lying and the lack of integrity : `` say what you think , do as you say '' my mama told me that . 
  why the fuck am i a minority in following that ? 
  people lie and cheat any chance they get - not for survival but for bettering their position or just because they can . 
  people just wo n't stop repeating lies even though they have been disproven . 
  instead they 'll double down on it : `` four in one women get raped on colleges '' , `` islam is the religion of peace . '', 
  stop it !, 
  it 's destructive . 
  it 's poisoning the well . 
  it 's the biggest recruitment factor for political extremist - because they give people `` truths '' . 
  admitting when you 're wrong is n't a sign of weakness , it 's a sign of strength . 
  - the infantilization : last summer i saw numerous 30something men in a park jumping around in joy because they caught a fucking pokemon . 
  while wearing giant earrings and neon shoe laces . 
  basically looking and acting like a bunch of 10 year old morons . 
  i play videogames too , there is nothing wrong with it , it 's just a hobby . 
  but between us men : you look like dorks . 
  it 's not cute , it 's not nerdy , it 's not `` the weird life '' . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  you 're not peter pan . 
  at your age my grandfather had fought in the second world war , had 4 kids and built a house mostly by himself while working 2 jobs . 
  think about yourselves for a minute . 
  - trigger warning / the offended culture : so people are offended constantly . 
  about everything . 
  they are offended for others , too . 
  well actually they are n't really offended , they are just using it as leverage to get something out of you . 
  i 've had people try this on me multiple times `` now that offends me !!!! '', 
  `` that joke is very racist/sexist/homophobe '' `` now you ca n't say that !!! '' ... 
  so what ? 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  in case you really actually get something like a panic attack when someone gets in your face ... the world doesnt have to arrange itself around that , you have to find a therapist . 
  - the oppression olympics ( as a american friend of mine likes to call it ) : people started to actively look for reasons why they are opressed for one reason or another . 
  again : to get leverage . 
  stop it . 
  chances are that you are not opressed , living in europe or the us , but that you are looking for ways to blame society for your own shortcomings . 
  if you are opressed , get a lawyer - we have systems in place to combat that . 
  - participation medals : it 's stupid . 
  it kills competitiveness . 
  if everyone gets a medal , then what 's the point of the medal ? 
  2nd place is not the second winner . 
  it 's the first loser .
