  another dumbass idiotic law . 
  if people off themselves in public - well tough shit , do n't do it in public where everyone has a camera primed at all time . 
  yeah i 'm fully expecting this to only increase from now on . 
  i 'm actually surprised there has n't been a bombing on a mosque on friday to be honest . 
  sadly this is going to turn into an eye for an eye situation . 
  this video is so bad that i 'm now against proportional reprensentation . 
  seriously , what 's with that damned elevatormusic in every `` educational '' video . 
  very professional !, 
  also the logic does n't quite work like that . 
  if you had a different system the outcome would probably be completely different as well , because a lot of people - like me - vote strategically . 
  a proportional representation is obviously superior but jeeeesus stop with the shitty music and please stop with the `` more representation for minorities '' where 's the logic in that with a democratic system ? 
  minorities are a minority otherwise they would n't be a minority . 
  to be honest , even if i would n't mind them being fucking murderous relgious fundamentalists - i still would n't hire them because they did n't see this whole jihad thing through , like the bitches they are . 
  the place for these people is beneath an airstrike . 
  you know , i could have died a happy man not knowing this . 
  thanks !, 
  better keep the prosecco cold and the poppers ready , this is going to happen tomorrow !, 
  i 'm happy for the gay crowd , they took a lot of shit over the years because of trivial shit like the genetalia they perfer . 
  like [ this ] ( http://blog.starocotes.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/2012-10-26-michel-vaillant-bourgne-gross.jpg ) guy, 
  i once read something about chinese triads and they mark their territories with koi fish tanks . 
  might just be bs but there sure is a fishtank with different color of fish in every chinese restaurant i ever ate at . 
  yes they are . 
  the second one picks up a weapon to fight a country he stops being a citizen of that country and starts being a enemy combatant . 
  yes i do . 
  it 's good . 
  move there , now . 
  they 've been here in the southwest for decades . 
  i think i once walked into some form of meeting at my local italian restaurant : it was sunday night and i needed a bottle of wine and was too lazy to walk to the gas station so i thought i can buy one there . 
  there was no one in there except a bunch of old italians in oviously expensive suits and with big ass golden watches . 
  the dude not only sold me a bottle of wine , as a matter of fact one of the old guys said something to him and i got the bottle for free . 
  so until now those guys have a happy sun in my book . 
  the russian mafia has a rainy cloud in my book though , since they executed the uncle of a close friend of mine in his pub . 
  i guess he refused to pay protection money . 
  the jugo-mafia is fine by me since i bought my drugs from them in my wilder days . 
  have n't seen much from the chinese triads but they 're here too if those `` fish tank with kois '' in restaurants is something that 's actually true . 
  tl ; dr not exactly news , organized crime is conducting buisness in germany since forever - it 's just more low key then usual . 
  if rolling up in a fighter jet wo n't give you women , i do n't know what else will . 
  this is what [ le pact des loups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brotherhood_of_the_wolf ) is more or less about , no ? 
  `` bodyguards '' more like his personal gang of thugs . 
  do n't worry , the christians are already lurking around the corner to get some more special privileges as well . 
  sadly , religion is making a comeback in the public sphere . 
   a human chain that stretched from germany , through the netherlands and into belgium . 
  so it was what , 200 meters long ? 
  i buy the very same things at my local bakery . 
  have been buying the thingys for the last 10 years ... great invention usa . 
  as original as the iphone . 
  grate the carrot and mix the pasta with the sauce in the pot . 
  otherwise it looks exactly the same . 
  seriously italy , your food-snobbery is grating . 
  finally . 
  it was long overdue i hope the men who were victims of this grotesque law can have closure now and we can finally leave this shame behind . 
  next stop : let them marry ffs . 
  i bet my car the plans for this have been in someone 's desk for decades and britain 's reluctance was the one and only reason this has n't happend years ago . 
  i for one welcome it . 
  we 're never going to war with each other again anyway ( if we were to , it would be more of a civil war anyway ) so we might as well cut the redundancies and work on fielding a common army that will make the earth shake if deployed , as it should be for europe . 
  after all we 're the most bloodthirty killers in the history of mankind . 
   firing rubber pellets  attempted grievous bodily harm choose one . 
  that 's a good question . 
  i do n't mind girls taking a dump next to me , but i do care for urinals . 
  it 's one of the best inventions in the history of mankind . 
  interesting , thx for the info, 
  at first i thought `` now that 's pretty gay ... '' then 1:00 and onwards happened ... you should tag this nsfw . 
  i 'm not trying to piss on them . 
  they 're the biggest austrian company yea ? 
  i do n't have a concrete example but : i read there were plans to change the inheritance tax of high assets unless they are part of a family owned company . 
  while that sounds like a good idea it opens the loophole of old-money families parking their money in some family owned holding or another , circumventing the tax . 
  if you change a parameter in a complex system you also change the whole function . 
  think of it like a game : often when a developer patches a bug , the patch itself creates a new bug by itself . 
  well yes that would be the dream , ( maybe even a bigger dream than taxing inheritance properly ) but since tax systems are inherently complex and convoluted i think it 's nigh on impossible to close all loopholes . 
  the moment you close one you open another . 
  it 's not like germany does not have massive tax incomes . 
  it 's more the fact that we waste this money on completely useless trivial nonsense while bleeding the poor to the point that it 's a disgrace and we should be ashamed about it . 
  jeeeeesus , red bull owns everything in austria , do n't they ? 
  can be . 
  they 're usually not . 
  useless , the rich hire people that get creative with the taxes anyway . 
  - rollback the hartz iv reforms . 
  - cut down on temp agencies ' fucking with the labor market - make kindergarten free - no more selling the migration of backwards ass young adult males as `` helping refugees '' - no more wasting taxmoney on useless garbage like financing dipshit youtuber `` influencers '' - kick out maas because that jumped up autist wants to reinstate the gdr get voted . 
  easy . 
  you 're welcome spd . 
  i give it half a year before that building burns . 
  still too lax . 
  the burqa has to go . 
  i do n't say this lightly because i despise the idea of a state telling the people how to dress . 
  but the full veil is one of the most dehumanizing things i 've ever witnessed . 
  it disgusts me to see women in 33 \u00b0 c walking around in fucking black polyester bags , frantically adjusting their eyeslits so they can see the floor beneath their feet . 
  you do n't need to wear , i have no sexual interest in you . 
  i 'm not an animal . 
  you are describing less of a problem of dumb stereotypes but more of a problem to the fact that we have not yet `` normalized '' . 
  we have in a ecnomic and political sense , but not in a cultural . 
  do you really give a fuck if somebody says `` oh the nazis are back '' ? 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm not a nazi and i do n't intend to take over the world ( for now ) . 
  i laugh at the memes of the forth reich . 
  it 's a joke and should be treated as one . 
  i doubt even the poles are really afraid of us . 
  too many people in germany still finch as soon as someone calls them nazi or racist . 
  this needs to stop before we get serious because the french are n't going to fuck around they will strike with full force for an intervention and we will be at their side in future . 
  man i live in the warmest part of germany , we usually get 2-3 days a year with 40 \u00b0 and that 's just too much man , ca n't spend a single second outside that temperature . 
  how the fuck does one live with 46 \u00b0 ?
