  at least he named the problem . 
  that 's a start for me . 
  a lot better than the mantra of excuses and deflection we heard ever since a2010 the maximum time of alg1 one can receive is 24 months . 
  that is for a person aged 58 + that worked for at least the last 48 months without interruption . 
  mind : pension insurance are paid through alg1 . 
  after that you 'll have to spend your savings minus 10.000 $ . 
  after that it 's alg2 until you either find a job ( aged 60 ... yeah dream on ) or wait till your 63 and they force you to become a pensioneer . 
  mind : pension insurance is not paid via alg2 so you 'll lose out on extra money for the `` golden years '' this shit needs to stop with automation knocking on the door . 
  otherwise you 'll have mobs running the streets . 
  a successful policy that impoverished millions . 
  i take it you 've never had the `` pleasure '' to live off of h4 for a month or two ? 
  unemployement is n't good at all . 
  yeah 2 million without a job and 8 million getting money from the government to cover their costs because their 40 hour job does n't earn them enough to cover them by themselves . 
  i 'm sick of seeing people collecting empty bottles to get a few cents from aldi so they can buy themselves a pack of cigarettes or a beer or go the cinema once a month . 
  the agenda 2010 has been pissing on social cohesion for no good reason other than fueling the cheap labor and temp work ovens with poor peons not deemed good enough to thrive on the billions and billions and billions of taxmoney the state earns every year . 
  what schulz is proposing is at least good enough to have my parents generation not losing anything they have - including their dignity - because the company they worked at for 30 years went bust and nobody will hire them anymore cause they are `` old '' . 
  and i do n't care if he does it because it 's popular with a certain demographic . 
  it 's the demographic that 's getting beaten and shit on all over the world . 
  dumb , not good enough , racist , sexist , yadda yadda and sooner or later you 'll get trump . 
  or putin . 
  or erdogan . 
  or whatever asshole du jour you like . 
  for one thing schulz openly goes against agenda 2010 . 
  you know ... the main thing that ruined the spd for a decade and is a disgrace to germany . 
  also he does n't flip around every 72 hours . 
  laws and due process are n't technocratic nonsense . 
  it 's the framework a society works in . 
  without that you have anarchy . 
  no , that 's the territory where a democratic republic is supposed to be . 
  the quota is discriminatory the hate speech laws are open for abuse and probably go against article 5 . 
  there is already laws that protect you from defamation and harassment . 
  protecting journalism does n't come before the neutrality of the law . 
  he did n't need to do it and he should n't have done . 
  just like merkel did n't interfere with the b\u00f6hmermann affair . 
  they should not interefere , there is a reason why the trias politica exists . 
  amadeu antonio is lead by a former stasi im . 
  `` socially progressive '' what is that even supposed to be . 
  whenever i hear that phrase it 's usually people trying to control a narrative to further their own interests . 
  think about the netzpolitik guys what you will ( i think they did the right thing ) but maas interfered with the investigations of the fucking bundesstaatsanwaltschaft . 
  sch\u00e4uble was right - maas should have resigend for that . 
  if that 's not enough , check his new `` hate-speech law '' crap that will get eaten by the bvg . 
  he supports groups like the amadeu antonio stiftung and lifts them into actual power . 
  just google who sits at the helm of amadeu antonio and you 'll see why that 's a very dangerous thing to do . 
  he does n't care about your privacy . 
  and the `` team gina-lisa '' debacle ... and the shitshow that was his anne will appearance ... the frauenquote ... 
  i could go on for days with this joker . 
  sorry for going off topic . 
  i never hated siggi , he just had the bad karma attached to him that is a leftover of the sch\u00f6rder government . 
  in case of schulz ii think a lot of center-left people rely on schulz beign they man they want him to be . 
  if he 's not the spd is done . 
  best course of action is to wait for some actual programs to be made public . 
  i want sch\u00e4uble gone too , he 's a giant asshole but maas ... best case he 's incompetent , worst case he 's dangerous . 
  why ? 
  because they do n't follow the official gay line of thinking ? 
  the most conservative people i know are a married gay couple ( married as in : civil union ) . 
  they both intent to vote afd . 
  mainly because they 've been harassed and bullied by muslim men all their life . 
  they 'd rather be called a faggot by some right-wing midget then getting beaten up by a whole group of people . 
  people have their reasons to vote for the party they want to vote for . 
  just because you have different reasons does n't make people dumb . 
  they just have different experiences . 
  i really want to have this guy as our glorious new leader , but his party is what irks me . 
  if he kicks our maas the spd has my vote . 
  also schulz vs trump vs putin is going to be absolutely hilarious . 
  merkel has her own of dealing with `` alphas '' . 
  i think schulz is more the confrontational kind of person . 
  yea i 've had this before with a guy i helped filling out some migration forms . 
  he was maybe two weeks in germany at that time . 
  one day he told me `` you white people somehow smell different '' and then i realized `` yea , you smell different too '' . 
  might be the food or other environmental factors . 
  great video !, 
  it 's one thing to be shot into orbit in an aluminum tube , it 's a whole different thing to step out of that tube into the vacuum of space . 
  i would shit my pants if i had to do that . 
  yes , franco-germanic axis ftw !, 
  money ca n't buy you class . 
  if you do n't show respect mr. trump , you wo n't get any in return . 
  looks highly efficient to me, 
  it 's supposed to be in the morning but i lowered myself to use the anglosaxon way of writing it ( and did it wrong ), 
  you have a point with the structural setup favoring big industries , but the mentality thing is completely the opposite for me at least . 
  i hate work which is why i was driven to find a way to a ) work the least amount of hours while getting the most money out of it and b ) work for myself and not some organisation that syphons money away from the people actually generating the revenue . 
  i ca n't see people that hate work participate in the huge industrial complex , where there 's trivial garbage to partake in like company-culture , company-activities and company internal behavioral-directives ( i 'm not kidding , such things exist ) . 
  but maybe that 's just me , i 'm weird . 
  germany 's position in high tech is excellent though . 
  in chemical products , metallurgy and to an extend robotic - there 's the highest tech available . 
  facebook for example is n't the holy grail - as a matter of fact i 'm very sure social-networking is going to shrink in the foreseeable future . 
  it 's a very fast moving branch that can go away as fast as it came . 
  just look at myspace . 
  the thing that ruins it is the fact that people identify with the company they work at - for no good reason . 
  they get immobile and think they are part of a bigger group , some sort of elite people `` oh i work for mercedes ! '', 
  well shit , for me you 're just the guy that fastens the screws on the side of a car - and you 'll be replaced in 10 years with a robot . 
  and you 're in no way smarter for working for them . 
  you might make more money than me but i 'm working for me not some faceless cooperation . 
  it really bothers me . 
  and i have no idea where it is coming from to be honest . 
  beign risk-averse is one thing , but looking down on people that take the risks ... wtf ? 
  wow all this hassle in this thread about the average male height ... 
  better not post a map with average penis length ... 
  people in turkey still watch tv ? 
   in fact , germans are deeply suspicious of anyone who does not want to work for one of those companies but start something for themselves . 
  ugh tell me about it .
