  psh you believe whatever you want . 
  keep pouring billions into the gaping maw and make more white people rich while black people suffer . 
  the difference between me and you is that : [ i ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/development-aid-for-africa-the-problems-don-t-disappear-with-sacks-of-rice-a-786465.html ) . 
  [ value ] ( http://www.siliconafrica.com/africa-top-10-problems-not-the-ones-you-were-thinking-about/ ) . 
  [ the opinion ] ( https://www.wsj.com/articles/sb123758895999200083 ) . 
  [ of actual africans ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/spiegel-interview-with-african-economics-expert-for-god-s-sake-please-stop-the-aid-a-363663.html ) . 
  on the subject . 
  you can start helping people and the most direct way is helping those around you . 
  we have a saying in germany : clean your own doorstep before you point on the dirt of other people 's doorstep . 
  or you can keep feeding the tearjerk charity industry . 
  while you 're at it , i have a bridge to sell ... 
   i can buy 500 doses of vaccine , which makes less children die , making it possible for them to grow up and become hard working , productive members of society . 
  or i can buy some homeless guy a beer . 
  honestly now , which one reduces poverty more ? 
  none of the two options reduce poverty . 
  a cynic would say : your option creates even more poverty . 
  hard working productive members of society that do n't know how to support themselves . 
  are you teaching them to dig that well ? 
  no , you send two dudes with machinery that drill a hole and go away . 
  are you teaching them to make the vaccines ? 
  you do n't . 
  you 're buying it from those not-at-all-greedy western pharmaceutic giants for inflated prices , just to have a feeling that you made a difference . 
  and the `` charities '' oblige this insanity . 
  because they are n't in it for the money or something ... we should teach people in third world countries how to do stuff instead of doing it for them . 
  which is incidentally what leaders of african countries have been beggin the west to do for decades . 
  but we wo n't listen , because we know what 's right , right ? 
  from every euro you butter into `` charities '' maybe a tenth is put to use . 
  and from that tenth 99 % goes back into western companies . 
  i 'm not the one with the warped sense . 
  i 've worked with `` charities '' before . 
  they are a scheme without exception . 
  because you do n't make the homeless guy dependend on you by giving him a fiver . 
  you help him out because the system failed him , at least for a short period of time . 
  financing ngos to `` help '' africa is financing the system that plays a huge part in fucking the whole continent up . 
  pouring mass surplus garbage from europe into africa has destroyed any attempt to create something like a food industry capable of feeding the people . 
  for fuck sake , i recently saw a commercial for some help organisation that needs money to dig wells . 
  our perverted white saviour complex has fucked up the third world so hard that they 've become unable to dig a fucking well ... something people have been doing since some 8000 years ago . 
  gib pls ? 
  unicef does the same . 
  what you need to realize is that the only way to actually help third world countries is to completely stop making them dependent on us . 
  any form of developing industry south of the sahara gets destroyed by us selling them our surplus for cheap . 
  for example , instead of sending dairy farms equipment , we sell the country surplus european milk . 
  we make the dependent on us and to top it all a lot of people walk around thinking they are doing a good thing and are out to save the world . 
  it 's disgusting and all the `` helping '' organisations are part of this problem , this hole `` let 's help those poor drowning people '' ferrying industry is just the newest spread of the cancer we bring to the world . 
  if you want to help somebody , give the money to one of the many poor children in europe . 
  put some cash into some homeless guys hand that sleeps rough in paris . 
  buy him a beer . 
  do not give money to despicable ngos that sell you a good feeling while only making matters worse for the people they claim to help . 
  the developing world can only develop itself . 
  our interference actively stops countries developing . 
  we 're no better than the chinese that started to open countless sweatshops all over africa , except they do n't pretend to be helping . 
  it 's been going on for years . 
  there 's numerous ngos that basically act as a ferry service . 
  it 's idiotic and disgusting , but they think they are the good ones and the people financing them think that way too . 
  if i were the lybian coast guard , i 'd sink their boats , pick them out of the water and put them in some nice comfy lybian hellhole prison for a few days . 
  tactical masterclass from the french . 
  it 's like napoleon used to say : `` to win in memetic warfare , you have to be danker than the opposition . '', 
  i sure hope the honeypots were filled to the brim with cat pics and dank gay-russia memes . 
  wait a minute ... there are no eu countries that give citizenship through birth , right ? 
  right ??? 
  otherwise , be prepared for a baby boom that will make sub-saharan africa look infertile . 
  it must smell great in the surrounding area . 
  i used to live in proximity to a factory that ground almonds to turn them into marzipan later . 
  the smell of dreams ... 
  i 've been wondering the same thing . 
  at first i thought that he was just trying to show the public how insanely easy it is to get accepted as a refugee . 
  as it turns out though , the guy was planning something way bigger . 
  thankfully , his reach exceeded his grasp . 
  they do n't know who the most famous austrian of all time was ? 
  he 's even more famous than schwarzenegger ... 
  i doubt they achieve anything , since they 're astroturfed events for bored old people and children . 
  yes , you should be allowed to say that . 
  as much as i 'm allowed to call you a moron for thinking people should n't be allowed to say whatever the fuck they want . 
  with paniermehl you disgusting filthy peasents . 
  grind up some actual bread . 
  no beer and no holz vor die h\u00fcttn :(, 
  oh nice , i have to tell my grandma about it . 
  she 's a donauschwabe that was forced to flee with her mother and 3 siblings when she was 4 . 
  they walked to germany . 
  she 's from a village called kr\u010dedin in buttfuck nowhere . 
  while it 's nothing extraordinary to be evacuated because they found a bomb ( i 've been evacuated twice ) , 50k is a lot of people . 
  must be a big boom ... 
  what 's the point ? 
  wake the fuck up , old man . 
  english is the lingua franca . 
  if the eu ever gets an official language , it 's going to be english . 
  that 's what happens to the children of deranged hippies . 
  do n't worry , the greens are going to implode in this years election . 
  everything they ever stood for has been achieved , aside from the normalization of pedophilia . 
  their time is coming to an end . 
  yea i think so too . 
  pretty clever idea to be honest , i 'm actually surprised . 
  i 'll be damned if i know . 
  it 's embarrassing to be honest but i expected an even higher percentage . 
  i mean , i have people in my family that not only believe that homeopathy is anything other than the placebo effect ... 
  i have members in my family that believe that there are some indian gurus that have n't eaten in 60 years and live off sunlight and air or that rubbing some gems ( or rather : glass sold as gemstones ) on your forehead makes psychological disorders go away . 
  i suspect : 12 % of people are absolute morons . 
  there 's a reason we have the [ second highest ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/267998/countries-with-the-largest-gold-reserves/ ) gold reserves in the world . 
  more than the imf ... 
  306 million for the period between 2002 and 2015 .
