  nursing children into believing that it 's not important how well you do is monumentally stupid . 
  especially since the kids themselves know that it 's bullshit . 
  humans are born competitive , otherwise we would not exist anymore . 
  this is just some of the most pressing societal factors that need to be adressed immediatly . 
  do n't even get me started on the media and politicians ... rant over . 
  ha true , war and peace is my favorite book but every german version i read was weirdly different in a lot of ways ... for example , is he called peter , or pierre , or piotr ????? 
  mhhh something smells weird here aristocrats killing children , 1716 hours of rape before the age of 12 yet shomehow she was still able to give birth , prison yoga ... seasoned by a slew of hot topics like sexual objectification , people blaming women for beign raped , wo n't somebody think of the children , `` as women we have so much potential to be truly empowered '' ... and the horrible acting as the cherry on the cake . 
  all it lacks is a link to some patreon or anyway to leech money . 
  oh nevermind i found the begging [ page ] ( https://christiantruther.com/exposed/secret-societies/the-horrifying-reality-of-the-elites-and-their-connections-to-satanic-pedophile-rings/ ) ... 
  unless she drops names i do n't believe it for a second . 
  so what did he say ? 
  was it `` belligerent '' , `` burnout '' , `` buffet '' , `` blyat rush b blyat '' , `` behindert '' ? 
  ridiculous . 
  write it out you idiots . 
  quote someone right or do n't quote them at all . 
  reading his work completely destroyed my mid 20s self and send me in a big depression , questioning life , society and existence itself . 
  genius man . 
  brb , getting grandpa 's rifle, 
  i got karl der gro\u00dfe , obviously . 
  yea or maybe another leader takes over , prepares the army and does n't chase out elite scientists , beating everyone else to the bomb and holding the world hostage . 
  we 'll never know for sure but there was so much bad blood in europe , i 'm certain it would have happened either way . 
  electric jet ? 
  does not compute ... 
  it 's the undisputed champion of genocides ... 
  that 's a myth , i can say it just fine . 
  `` retweet '' on the other hand ... 
  i always say retreat . 
  to put more money into his own pocket ? 
  to generate more believers that 'll gladly work their asses down for him ? 
  like i said , he engineered some great things , but : the vision is n't just hard to believe . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  it 's making bank on the guru angle with people that acutally believe a mars colony would be feasible in our lifetime , let alone in what ... 7 years or whatever he told his followers . 
  we 'll be on earth for some centuries to come until we find a way to mainpulate space and actually go and colonize planets that are habitable . 
  does n't [ look ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer/countries/tr/country-introduction-turkey/2.jpg ) like it to me , at least not enough to explain the difference . 
  that 's all i have to say to that . 
  yeah , i 'm not surprised about that either , he knows how to use his guru-like status to further his cause . 
  i really despise the guy - somehow people eat everything up he serves them . 
  there 's people that actually believe his mars colonization nonsense , let alone the fact that the first autonomously driving car wo n't be a tesla but a mercedes . 
  yet somehow he is seen as some kind of prophet that will lead humanity into a glorious future . 
  credit where it 's due : the gigafactories and reusable rocket parts are fantastic . 
  i doubt the economic backgrounds contributed much , but the 85/15 ration in books speaks volumes . 
  boko are haram , bitches !, 
  is russia doing the exact opposite out of spite now ? 
  what do they stand to gain by siding with best korea ? 
  is it worth to go against the west and china for it ? 
  one of the most influential artists of all time , without a doubt ... on a more serious note : i actually do n't think hitler was as pivotal to the 2ww as he was to the holocaust ( obviously ) . 
  germany was out for vengeance after the humiliation of the versailles treaty . 
  we would have had our final war without him , at least in my opinion . 
  so our continent would 've been in shambles either way . 
  why do n't they want to do that though ? 
  it boggles my mind , these people support organised crime , basically doing their donkey work all in the name of `` doing what 's right '' , while brain draining huge swathes of land , encouraging people to risk their lives and completely undermining the social cohesion of european countries . 
  yea and they should be put before a judge for human trafficking . 
  you mean elisabeth von saxe-coburg-gotha ? 
  people are just pathetic , that 's all . 
  if you get `` triggered '' by a joke it 's time to see a therapist . 
  his name is `` karl der gro\u00dfe '' . 
  a violent coup with a bullet to his head when ? 
  and yea , i think he 's going full islamic autocracy now . 
  islam is perfect for this , even better than nationalism because it 's god 's will and all . 
  i 'm not even italian and i still feel violated ... 
  shameful . 
  i 'm very sorry for turks that have to suffer through this shit because the lazy idiots in our countries have this dream of turkey , where their `` honour '' would count for something , that they want to keep alive even though their lazy asses sit in free democracies in the west . 
  they do n't even bother to make it look like it 's a legitimate vote . 
  we 're in for some shit the next decades ... 
  the spice must flow !, 
  i 've heard about spice , is n't it some weird synthetic form of thc that can be bought over the counter ? 
  like cannabis for people without a south-facing balcony and dumbass teenagers ? 
  that 's some s-tier trolling , bishop !, 
  elections aside i think you 'll find very few people that go `` nah thanks '' with what he said . 
  wow those cubes are actually pretty fucking cool . 
  without reintroducing nuclear energy or a massive leap in battery technology ? 
  at least a century . 
  even if iter is successful . 
  must be a nightmare to navigate them . 
  the complex does look really cool though . 
  oh so fritt is a thing outside of germany ? 
  til are they laced with crack cocaine in ireland too ? 
  i swear if i eat even one of them i go into berserker rage and inhale the whole package . 
  has vitamin c too , so it 's healthy as well ... 
  it seems to me that the donald came into presidency without having a single clue of wtf is acutally going on in the world . 
  this 3 months of briefing and having an actual look behind the scenes seems to have changed his mind quite a bit . 
  the russia situation , now nato is no longer obsolete ... 
  think about him what you will , at least he 's open enough to change his mind . 
  yea i think so too - but i think it 's the endogenous people that will kickstart it . 
  no it 's not happening now , because more often than not people allow the `` islamism has nothing to do with islam , islamists are not real muslims '' excuse to pass because they fear to be called racist . 
  that 's what needs to stop . 
  [ otherwise ... ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/07/18/what-next-could-france-be-facing-a-civil-war.html ) it 's going to get really ugly . 
  he 's way to busy reminding people his name is n't `` tony '' ( which would be bad enough ) but `` tony-montana '' . 
  he 's an annoying chubby little blonde asshole spawn of a complete tryhard small time criminal that walks around with two pitbulls ( that completely dominate him ) and thinks tony montana was a cool guy which his son is supposed to emulate ... 
  kevin is nothing , i know a kid that 's named tony montana . 
  mind : montana is n't his last name , it 's his second name . 
  his last name is ultra german . 
  like : tony montana m\u00fcller . 
  she 's a horrible actress and pretty vanilla in the hotness department . 
  great video , thank you for posting . 
  pretty eyeopening and describes my experience with muslims in germany . 
  on a individual basis , muslims in germany seem flexible enough , acknowleding that following the holy book word by word is nonsensical , but on a group level criticism is always deflected and any discussion is always stifled . 
  the young yuppi group really grinds my gears . 
  islam is not you 're identiy . 
  it 's a religion first and foremost and an ideology after that .
