  if i were a despot i 'd also have a list with enemies that i need to dispose of . 
  well , you got ta get them while they 're young !, 
  so people are complaining about 1000 free meals for homeless people ? 
  it 's probably the same people that do n't waste a thought on the poor unless they can turn it into an instrument to shit on whatever institution they deem wrong . 
  no wrong tactics , only wrong targets . 
  ahem yea sure . 
  most people barely manage to drive a car properly . 
  now put those people in a helicopter and see what happens . 
  it 's the new thing to be a tech-guru like musk is n't it ? 
  talking a lot of garbage without anything to back it up . 
  i 'll believe in flying cars the day musk puts a colony on mars - never . 
  quick , get the torches and pitchforks . 
  and do n't forget to bring the guillotine !, 
  on a more serious note : yeah that 's pretty bad . 
  but what can you do about it ? 
  realistically we need to make the super-rich pay their fucking taxes . 
  which they do n't . 
  so the argument is that they are basically irrelevant ? 
  savage !, 
  turkey heading straight to third world status . 
  pretty sad to see . 
  question for our turkish friends in this sub : is there any reaction in the general populace for this things ? 
  do people realize what 's happening ? 
  have fun staying in the fucking hellhole that is turkish prison , for the rest of your life , you degenerate piece of filth . 
  seriously uk ? 
  ford ? 
  time for this whole brexit thing to happen . 
  oh turkey , what are you doing ?? 
  well , i 'm a left-of-center kind of guy and i 'll vote merkel for strategic reasons : - to undermine even the slightest chance of a red-red-green - to undermine black-green ( strong cdu will never consider green ) - stability is the most important thing right now , even if we 're running the chance to turn into an austian-style eternal grand coalition unless gottkanzler schulz will run for the spd . 
  you can never not vote for the high-energy-savior schulz . 
  yes , with confidence . 
  i 'd put all my money on it . 
  that hypernationalism stems from a deep self loathing and bitterness . 
  as a matter of fact i do think this is oging to be aged away . 
  also you could make such documentaries basically anywhere in this world . 
  there 's always nationalist movements . 
  it 's only a question about how open they are allowed to pose . 
  i recently saw a documentary about a sizeable group of rednecks that lived in what was basically a fortress ... complete with security perimeters and pickups with mounted machine guns . 
  do we have to aware and alert of such things ? 
  absolutely . 
  but scared ? 
  nah , we should n't be . 
  in my opinion . 
  a predator preys on fear , do n't forget that . 
  germany is not going to have a border with russia . 
  you mean that `` independent '' country we ( as in : the west ) just instigated a violent putsch in ? 
  i 'm not trying to defend russia 's action . 
  it is an illegal annexation and i 'll never accept crimea as part of russia . 
  but we basically invited them to have ` dem green guys annex that sweet little peninsula . 
  if you want to play games with russia , you 'll get played . 
  they know how to do covert operations like no other . 
  that does n't make them scary to me . 
  you can always crash on my couch . 
  your bike 's already here , 
  1 is still infinitely more than 0, 
  jeeeesus holland you really are fucked once that global warming flood tm comes, 
  i 'm not afraid of russia . 
  no one i know is afraid of russia . 
  i respect russia . 
  i would like to see them as a close partner to europe , since they culturally are ( an important ) part of europe . 
  all i see is the last gasps , the last twitches of a dying culture trapped in cold war rhetoric . 
  i 'm reffering to the part of the banking sector that covers eu investments and the like . 
  london wo n't have full access to the eu capital market anymore - very soon . 
  so what does that mean when it comes to sexbots ? 
  what 's up with the potatoes ? 
  i always you thought you eat it bare with some preiselbeeren on it ? 
  wow that escalated quickly in the mid 2000s . 
  i guess it was for the european cup ? 
  as if people would even care . 
  i fix people 's computers for a living and you would n't believe the shit they have on their computers . 
  you ever wonder who the fuck installs garbage like the ask.com toolbar ? 
  how about everyone that only ever discovered electronics and the internet in the late 2000s . 
  cookies are the least of their problems . 
  nothing else . 
  the `` uk-dent '' the eu will take will only be temporary . 
  just like the dent the uk will take . 
  long term i can see the banking sector moving to paris or frankfurt so the eu will come out of this as the clear winner . 
  the us is facing massive problems and i 'm not sure they 'll come out of them unscarred . 
  they are more divided then i 've ever seen them in my lifetime . 
  china is a papertiger ( for now ) . 
  the moment the us goes isolationist china is going to bite a big big bullet . 
  there 's a window opening for the eu to make it onto the biggest stage . 
  i hope our union will use it . 
  stop making a fool out of yourself . 
  delusional . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  cooperation is our strength . 
  that does n't change the fact that europe is the junior-partner in this cooperation . 
  for now . 
  well if we get serious with the `` ever closer union '' then the eu will become a massive thorne in the us 's side . 
  a - theoretical - european federation with one economic model , one foreign policy and ( especially ) one army would instantly put the eu into `` superpower '' status , thereby challenging the us . 
  they 're not worthy . 
  come join us !, 
  it 's not bad at all . 
  i start driving at 4 am and it 's more or less autobahn only . 
  takes me about 5,5 hours . 
  i drive 600km x2 once a month and if i take a break it 's to smoke a cigarette and take a piss . 
  i 'm not going to stand around for more than 10 minutes to refuel my car . 
  not good enough for me . 
  it 's going to get really ugly really soon .
