  both the fact that some right-wing clown that has zero educative worth get 's to troll - the left-wing black bloc obliges and riots over basically nothing . 
  instead of scientific work you get this . 
  amazing . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/01/us/milo-yiannopoulos-berkeley/index.html  when ? 
  again just one very prominent example : https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/jun/13/tim-hunt-forced-to-resign you are right there is absolutely no need to worship people in academia . 
  that does n't mean that there is hatred of knowledge . 
  i doubt there 's many people loathing math professors . 
  or any academia involving any actual hard science . 
  hell i spend evenings listening to courses about history , politics or psychology . 
  the big fucking joke are teachers that spent the 70s reading marx while on low quality psychoactive agents wasting either public funds or parents money on useless `` education '' nested in the social sciences . 
  teaching kids that to be inclusive they have to use certain phrases is useless for anyone targeted by this `` inclusion '' - and potentially dangerous . 
  today it 's the term homosexual and heterosexual that are `` laden with the values of a previous time '' , tomorrow it 's freedom and the right to vote your leaders . 
  next year it 's burning books . 
  10 years from now it 's gulags . 
  this is a perversion of the word inclusion . 
  you think schools are n't used to brainwash children ? 
  well then i 'm sorry but you 're just another brick in the wall . 
  i think we should let fools be fools - as public as possible . 
  but i see your point , you 're not wrong . 
  i just think the best way is to let it all out in open , not let it fester in the shadows . 
  same with left or right wing nutters . 
  let them spew their shit . 
  let them discredit themselves . 
  i doubt it . 
  turkish people that came to germany that were educated enough or rather intelligent enough to partake in society are usually very well integrated . 
  it 's the ones that come from families that rather created enclaves and are to this day more or less illiterate in german . 
  germany is not hard to integrate at all . 
  you 'll find plenty of people of turkish origin that are more german than most germans . 
  it 's the ones that live in a pseudo-turkish enclave with 1960s views of the world and 800 a.d. views on religion that are a problem . 
  sure but forbidding him to have a forum here is going to end in the following : `` weak german nazis are afraid of what i have to say . 
  they are afraid of the glory of mighty turkey . 
  they afraid of us because we are mighty turks with honor while they are just nazis that have no idea about democracy . 
  vote yes to send them a message : turkey 's honor is immortal !, 
  make me your leader , a real men with honor that 's not afraid of his enemies , like the german coward nazis are ! '', 
  and you know deutschl\u00e4nder are gon na eat it right up as soon as it 's about their honor and about how germans are nothing but scared nazi scum . 
  i doubt he needs the media to reach people . 
  it 's better if he spews his crap publicly instead of going through social media . 
  the best weapon against someone like erdogan is laughter . 
  and the garbage coming from him is extremely laughable . 
  it also helps ridiculing him . 
  especially to the 1,5 million `` deutschl\u00e4nder '' that get to vote without having a clue of what 's happening in turkey and without having to suffer the consequences of him becoming prezidente 4 life . 
   just providing `` help ''  since apparently `` teaching '' people a different way of to speak teaching people a different way to speak is brainwashing them . 
  you even put it into quotation marks and do n't see the problem with it ? 
  right-wing nutjobs and left-wing nutjobs fighting it out on college campuses has turned academia especially in the anglosaxon world into a big fucking joke . 
  it 's all inclusive and nice as long as you play along . 
  if you do n't play along you 'll get fucked by these `` inclsuive '' people . 
  they 're scum pretending to be good . 
  `` the lander survived 57 minutes ( the planned design life was 32 minutes ) in an environment with a temperature of 465 \u00b0 c ( 869 \u00b0 f ) and a pressure of 94 earth atmospheres ( 9.5 mpa ) . '', 
  some interesting additional information . 
  `` germany , you have no relation whatsoever to democracy and you should know that your current actions are no different to those of nazi period . 
  when we say that , they get disturbed . 
  why are you disturbed ? '', 
  the end of the freedom of press , political murder fueled by extremism , erosion of privacy . 
  policing people 's speech fits into that line perfectly . 
  stillt hough he looks like a ninja turtle, 
  bah eurovision my ass . 
  never forget 1975 !, 
  matt damon ? 
  really ? 
  in what universe is he hot ?????? 
  gays usually have better taste than that . 
  a gentlemen 's agreement is usually described as an extension of the latin `` pacta sunta servanda '' or : `` agreements must be kept '' . 
  it is a description of two `` men of honor '' agreeing and giving each other their word . 
  this still applies in modern law ( in germany for example \u00a7 275 iii bgb ) . 
  but i guess you know this . 
  it 's not some saying that has no meaning . 
  it describes a system of trust based on honor . 
  if you have a gentlemens agreement you keep it . 
  and i absolutely refuse to sacrifice this on the altar of faux inclusiveness made up by some deranged academics desperate for relevance . 
  sportsmanship is the same principle . 
  you might think this is nothing . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's eroding the pillars we are standing on . 
  one little step at a time . 
  a person in a wheelchair does not stop beign handicapped because i stop calling the them a handicapped person . 
  but telling kids at universities what 's okay to say and what not ... that 's going to change them . 
  and do n't tell me they would n't force this given the chance . 
  let 's be honest here , all those hollywood movies are just a ploy to turn russia gay . 
  i do mind people asking me to say things the way they deem more `` acceptable '' or more `` inclusive '' . 
  i do mind people telling me what to say or how to say it in general . 
  obviously . 
  you ca n't make a `` gentlemen 's agreement '' gender neutral . 
  because it 's an agreement between gentlemen . 
  so why do it ? 
  because it 's not inclusive ? 
  so what ? 
  the logic behind what this university wants is fucked and you can join in all you want but you ca n't expect other people to respect any of this garbage . 
  if you do n't see the problem with it , you 're beyond saving . 
   students and staff could face disciplinary procedures if they fail to adhere to the language policy did you read the article ? 
  stop beign sheep . 
  correcting the way you spell is incomparable to correcting the things you say . 
  i think the kid from saudi-arabia should say whatever they want tosay , no matter what . 
  it 's up to me and the kid to deal with the consequences . 
  putting a muzzle on people is not going to help anybody . 
  if you control speech you control everything . 
  it 's all about conditioning people into what they can and can not say . 
   adding that students should not allow their `` cultural background '' to affect their choice of words on campus . 
  instead they should use the words we tell them to use . 
  who gives them the authority to do so ? 
  do you like people telling you what to say and what not to say ?
