  yeah it 's true , my wife 's family is from gaggenau . 
  apparently hordes of scumbags flooded the place this morning and the police called it off . 
  gaggenau is basically a large village , no wonder they had to act , especially with that clientele , getting talked into a frenzy by some minister of `` justice '' ... 
  apparently the turkish minister pussied out of talks with german politicians too . 
  ca n't wait to hear erdogan rant about disgusting nazis that should be afraid of mighty turkey . 
  i find him really amusing . 
  bread with potato and mayo ... and that 's supposed to be civilised ? 
  are you starving or what 's up with the carbs + carbs + fat ? 
  i like his stand up routine if his mother was still alive she 'd smack his sorry ass for the garbage he said . 
  when i was getting drafted ( 2002 iirc ) all you had do is show up and tell them you smoke a lot of weed . 
  bam - you 're out , free of useless conscription . 
  did n't even have to write something about how my religous beliefs do not allow me to hold or a weapon or some garbage , like my father for example had to . 
  telling them you 're gay backfired misearbly for a friend of mine though . 
  so careful in case the draft is ever reinstated !, 
  `` the cities cited security and parking concerns as reasons for pulling permission . '', 
  parking concerns hehe nice german way of telling him to fuck off :d, 
  `` slovenias know '' does nothing for me , i 'm not a slovenian , sorry . 
  you get welfare in germany too and we 're not living in a bloody mess . 
  something like basic income needs to be implemented in some way - sooner rather than later . 
  automation will make so many jobs obsolete you better start thinking about what to do with the millions of people that wo n't work anymore . 
  otherwise you 'll get your bloody mess if generation upon generation get fed from beign bored and impoverished and start tearing shit up . 
  for example ? 
  germany and holland - lots of superfunny banter , mainly for footballing reasons , otherwise i think both countries recognize we 're bros. . dutch sounds super funny for germans and herman van veen is a genius . 
  germany and france - complicated . 
  it 's kinda like husband and wife where he is n't too bad usually , but likes to get really drunk on imperial thoughts sometimes . 
  they fight a lot and afterwards she wants to divorce and take everything from him and humiliates him in front of everybody . 
  so he gets drunk , becomes reckless and beats the hell out of here . 
  and afterwards they make up somehow . 
  now that they both are older and more settled down they realized that even with all their faults they are pretty good together and that the only way to make it out of their vicious cycle is to cooperate . 
  they lived happily ever after . 
  england and germany - is incredibly one-sided . 
  england is seen as distant cousins by most germans and well liked . 
  england is also really garbage at football and has a massive inferiority complex because of this , which they project onto glorious four time world champion germany . 
  also england is furious that germans rule mallorca via towels . 
  the fact that they are the only ones that really care tells you how close germany and england actually are in terms of mentality . 
  austria and germany - austria * shakes fist *, 
  ohhh snap you should put a triggerwarning in front of this !, 
  murica is memery and the header of their sub fits that theme perfectly . 
  so 1:0 america ? 
  that is a hotel ? 
  that 's absolutely awesome !, 
  when did i say that ? 
  but an organistaion pointing fingers at a country like germany ( where discimination is against the law ) while saudi arabia ( where women get whipped because they got raped ) is at the helm of a human rights panel is a bit of a joke , no ? 
  basically , racism is a problem everywhere , so we should start where it is at it 's worst . 
  where people get actually killed for their skincolor or their culture or their religion . 
  and we need to remember that no matter what we 'll do : racism will never stop existing . 
  i would n't make any comments of that kind if i were an austrian ... 
  if these : `` un researchers said they were `` deeply concerned '' about the situation , warning that laws against racial discrimination were not being enforced and black people 's lives were being marred by racism and negative stereotyping , as well as hate crime . '', 
  are their findings , i completely reject them . 
  there was racial profiling at new years eve . 
  to the extend that there 's racial profiling everywhere , everyday . 
  black people 's lives are n't marred in germany in any feasible way . 
  to say such a thing is just inflammatory crap . 
  the screeching harpies gave me a headache :( i suspect that 's what one would call `` a bunch of cunts '' on the british isles yea ? 
  is n't saudia arabia head of the un human rights panel ? 
  nice integrity you have there , un . 
  why would anybody ever care about what the un has to say ? 
  worst thing they do is write you a letter about how angry they are . 
  for the cevapcici i use : 1 pound of ground beef salt , pepper , paprika powder some coriander and lots of oregano loads of garlic . 
  if you think you 've put in enough garlic : put in some more !, 
  grill them and eat them with ajvar ( i do n't make that myself ) and raw onions for djuvec rice : 1 onion , cut into little cubes garlic ( of course ) around 2 large pieces cut into cubes 2 cups of rice 1 can of hacked tomatoes some instand broth ( chicken or vegetable not important ) 1 can of peas 2 paprikas cut into cubes 2 cups of water half a glas of ajvar ( around 100 ml i guess ) salt , pepper , paprika powder and parsley fry the onions and garlic , add and fry the paprika , add broth and water , add tomatoes , add peas and spices , add ajvar , add rice and let it simmer on low flame for half an hour, 
  i make djuvec and cevapcici with ajvar and raw onions from my grandmother 's recipe . 
  it 's food for the gods i must say !, 
  screw your #robotlifesmatter crap . 
  those fucking robots , taking all the jobs and raping all the women . 
  and do n't get me started on demographics , pretty soon they 'll outbreed us !, 
  how come i only know this as cevapcici ? 
  that 's what my donau-schwaben grandmother used to call them . 
  and you do n't eat it with djuvec rice ? 
  so does that mean that we finally stopped paying ransom to terrorists ? 
  good . 
  what has the world come to when austrians get to decide who 's civilized and who 's not ? 
  lol on the schnitzel part : yeah putting sauce on it defeats the purpose of the breading . 
  it does not make the schnitzel any less delicious though . 
  so eat whatever the fuck you want . 
  it 's my life too , except for the fact that i drink beer directly out of the bottle . 
  it 's more efficient that way . 
  yeah because it 's cheap and delicious . 
  you ca n't choke on it and it 's efficient to eat because it 's mashed . 
  it 's available in the winter and has every nutrition your body needs . 
  makes you a big , strong boy . 
  we need all the energy we can get to work and play work-related computer games after we 're done working :d no but really : it looks like shit but it 's delicious . 
  good . 
  idiots racing their rental cars at 160 ( !! ), 
  on that road ... they must be so dumb it borders mental retardation . 
  have you proven to yourselves that you are men now ? 
  sadly they killed some random innocent guy instead of themselves . 
  what a bunch of morons . 
  have fun in jail . 
  i 'd much rather ear the gr\u00fcnkohl-with-potatoe-mash with the big fat sausage than eat mussels with fries . 
  it took a lot of space in my heart , that much i can say !, 
  meh i never understood the hype around the 3310 . 
  the 3210 on the other hand was a masterpiece . 
  first cellphone i used without an external antenna . 
  straight up space-age technology . 
  latin degenerates . 
  did n't the romans have cases ? 
  and wtf is up with the germanic language traitors ? 
  did you decide to go all peasant and stop using proper grammatics ? 
  just get a room you two .
