  you would n't believe how many people think that i 'm a ) a drug dealer b ) a social welfare leech or c ) a rich fuck because i work self employed from home . 
  they see me going to the bakery at 10 p.m. and beign germans , the people working in the bakery ask things like : `` why are n't you at work ? '', 
  `` are you sick ? '', 
  `` did you inherit money ? '', 
  after they understand what i do , i 've heard gems like this more than a few times `` oh but if you can do that , why not do that in a company ? '', 
  the conformism is one of the worst ascpects of germany . 
  it 's almost like japan . 
  somehow the self employed person fending for theirself is the weird one , not the one working their ass off for 30 years to help some ceo get more rich ... tools . 
  oh right i missed the `` globally '' 80 % are women . 
  religious fundamentalists nurturing them into believing they are some kind of superior men that have a holy right to rule all , especially the women . 
  followed by hurt pride and the realisation that they are nothing . 
  they are n't wasting money in europe , they are keeping their investments safe . 
  they also fight far away from home to keep their investments safe . 
  the us presence in europe was a massive net-gain for them , from ww2 to the lend-lease to the marshallplan to today . 
  the us is out for themselves and no one else - why would they not ? 
  and yea sure erdogan and putin are teaming up . 
  as if these two could exist in the same room for more than 2 minutes . 
  if anything erdogan is offering his vassalship . 
  is n't one of dugin 's great strategic goals to reunify the eastern roman empire ? 
  if the turkish people are dumb enough to give erdogan the power to sell out their country to russia ... fine . 
  they are not worth my time then . 
  europe needs to get serious about teaming up , because quite frankly neither the russians or the americans are trustworthy enough in the long run . 
  enough with this charade of beign a pawn in the game . 
  time to play it . 
  i like it !, 
  he 's the guy that married a milf right ? 
  he got the right ideas on europe . 
  i guess that 's what they call `` alternative facts '' right ? 
  baby boomers are scared for their pensions , that 's all . 
  there are way too many people on earth anyway . 
  it would be a good thing if the whole world would stop breeding like rabbits . 
  the age of automation is only just starting . 
  we 'll have a big problem in finding something to do for the people living right now . 
  a declining population is a good trend in my book . 
  also cheaper rents . 
  trolling by sending bombs that might just kill some random poor sob that opens the letters ? 
  fucking dumbass children need to be taught a lesson . 
  this has very little to do with the american people and more to do with american politics . 
  ever since afghanistan the us has lost trust , people are starting to see through the shit and are tired of beign spied on , lied to and dragged into middle eastern conflicts that have nothing to do with germany . 
  then of course you have a lot of people that grew up behind the iron curtain , bombarded with russian propaganda in their youth . 
  my observation is that germans shift their sight on our european brothers and sisters . 
  to become independent from any `` superpower '' . 
  varoufakis still pissed that he got played off the table big time ? 
  nah he 's to busy living the good life while normal people have to suffer the consequences of his narcissism . 
  is this the real life ? 
  wtf has javi martinez to do with all this ? 
  :d oh turkey ... does erdogan realize that he steers his country into deep shit territory ? 
  you can poke the bear for as long as you like , the moment where he will snap and brutalize you will come eventually . 
  [ germoney !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghdk6-fdbl4 ) makin ' it purple rain !, 
  i 'm embarrassed to be a german once again :(, 
  please leave our - i mean your - nazi moonbase alone :(, 
  hello stasi my old friend, 
  ha true , the more drunk i get the more i sound like a dutchman :d, 
  well no . 
  it 's just that sido did n't talk some made up crap in his song . 
  that 's the life in commieblocks . 
  give it time . 
  20 years ago nobody wanted to live in old houses with high ceilings because they are old wodden crap . 
  today hipsters are pricing each other out of this kind of flats . 
  it 's only a matter of time before commie blocks are the new rage . 
  i grew up in a place a bit like this . 
  not quite as commie-block but still 3 rows with 4 blocks each , 12 floors . 
  it 's not as bad as it might seem actually . 
  the worst thing about it is that it 's loud . 
  we even had our own supermarket right between the rows . 
  the flats themselves are quite spacious and you 're surrounded by masses of steel and concrete which led to my family usually not even need heating in the winter . 
  bonus for living there : you have quite the diverse cast of people living there , including real weirdo characters . 
  one of our neighbours was called `` congo '' because he was in the french foreign legion for years . 
  needless to say he always walked around with a giant parrot sitting on his shoulder . 
  never left his flat without it . 
  also buying drugs was generally pretty easy . 
  every row had it 's resident drug dealer . 
  looks like you succeeded in the grand scheme to turn turkey gay . 
  allthough most gays i know would n't be seen dead with a unibrow . 
  so it was the dutch all along . 
  i knew grandpa din du nuffin . 
  yeah most of the time i get what durchbros are saying , if they speak slowly . 
  sometimes though i do n't understand a single word . 
  all in all though the languages are very close . 
  dutch is like funky german . 
  `` alright guys , now look really angry into the camera while holding oranges '' jeeeeesus that 's one pathetic picture . 
  the dutch should take pictures of themselves eating kebabs while looking agressively into the camera . 
  that would be hillarious . 
  finally someone calls erdogans weak bluffs . 
  let 's see what he 'll do now other than jumping in circles while cursing weak eu . 
  spd and cdu on equal % is quite a surprise . 
  the schulz effect - praise be the schulz sent by the gods - is quite recognizable . 
  let 's see how things look once campaigning really starts . 
  i personally do n't think merkel has enough left in her to beat the future glorious european leader . 
  especially since his energy ( no pun ) is his biggest strentgh . 
  the willkommenskultur disaster really took a toll on her . 
  gr\u00fcne behind afd and linke . 
  interesting , looks like they ran out of steam completely . 
  and focusing on enviromental issues wo n't do them much good , anyone realized we need to protect the planet we live on . 
  this time it 's all about migration and how we deal with and reverse the destruction of the middle class . 
  fdp is fdp but i 'm pretty sure they 'll be back in the bundestag this year . 
  yea yea it was never implemented properly , next time millions of people wo n't starve bla bla, 
  are we not going to talk about how embarrasing the photo in the article is ? 
  in other news : i 'm fine if that means we 'll get electronics for cheap .
