  jk any cia software logging this . 
  i 'm not actually offering advise on terror attacks . 
  spd is the closest thing ; for me at least . 
  it 's where i - a left-of-center man born into a working class family - have my political home . 
  there 's three problems though : as long as the big boys ( vw and so in ) say they need more people to work for cheap , the spd will deliver them those people . 
  they are already talking about cancelling the minimum wage for refugees ... and of course the fact that they flat out betrayed the working class with agenda 2010 . 
  and last but not least : strategic reason . 
  as long as red/red/green is even remotely on the table , they 'll never have my vote again . 
  i 'd perfer a grand coalition to that . 
  ( which is what we 'll get after the vote this summer anyway ) all my hopes are on gottkanzler schulz to steer this train back on track . 
  i just had a great buisness idea , you in ? 
  wow now it 's the russians and fake news ... i 'm out . 
  pretty big balls if he actually tried to play isis for 180k , got to give him that . 
  so would i. 
  but no , there is n't . 
  yet at least . 
   many are only refugees and want to return when it is safe . 
  agree . 
  many are n't refugees though and need to leave . 
  we need the resources on those who are granted asylum . 
  and what 's the quota of people granted asylum ? 
  40 something percent ? 
   which problem ? 
  the problem of illegal immigration . 
   they have no ` solutions ' oh they have . 
  you and i might not like them , but they have them . 
  if not they 'll come up with something i bet . 
  the fact they talk bs doesnt matter . 
   no , dumb and/or evil people elected trump no . 
  that 's just ignorant . 
  most people voted republican because they vote republican . 
  then there are the ones that were just fed up with the establishment . 
  and of course the people that voted either trump or did n't vote at all because `` anything but clinton ''  it was n't the green party , it was simone peter oh so it was only the bundesvorsitzende of the green party that spewed inflammatory crap . 
  and yea the word nafri is pretty dumb . 
  but guess what , it 's the first new word in 2017 . 
  because she gave had to tweet about it . 
  mark my words , it 's the new go-to to describe men from northern afrika . 
  yeah , in my city they had maoists . 
  i think they had to distance themselves from this `` thing '' though . 
  because you know ... even if you think mao is the way to go , you ca n't be publicly associated with the biggest butcher of the 20th century . 
   heiko maas is doing a good job . 
  fuck no . 
  well you 're right , gummi bears are sadly not made out of human baby blood ;d i think you 're massively oversimplifying the issue . 
  you know for a fact what gummi bears are made of . 
  you can never now for fact what 's really happening on the political stage . 
  it 's a giant puzzle , and to solve a puzzle you need to look at all the pieces , sort them , look at them again , sort them again and so on . 
  if you do n't respect every single piece of the puzzle ( read information that gets hammered into our heads on a daily basis ) you 're not only not going to solve it , you wo n't even get close to doing so . 
  i did not know of that book , but yea the steps outlined seem to match up with what russia is doing . 
  while some of those steps seem to make sense from a russian geopolitcal standpoint ( basically ruling the northern hemisphere bar us and china with a russian-franco-germanic axis ) , some of it seems very far fetched . 
  for example ukraine has no geopolitical meaning ? 
  for a europe-russia axis ? 
  why the maidan putsch and the following quasi-invasion of the krim then ? 
  also russia is not the only party playing the game . 
  that game is called `` in what capacity will russia join a northern hemisphere power-axis ? '', 
  it will happen eventually , the only question is when and how . 
  geopolitical pieces are put on a chessboard here . 
  but maybe that 's the golden mean fallacy you write about speaking . 
  but what can you do ? 
  the truth must be sought somehwere in the middle . 
  some call that a weakness , some call it strength . 
  that 's too easy . 
  loads of people see undocumented mass-immigration as the biggest problem germany is facing . 
  and they are not wrong . 
  and the afd is the only party that faces this problem head-on . 
  their solutions might be extreme , maybe even iditioc , but that doesnt change the fact that at least they give any answer to a problem that is perceived by a big portion of the voters . 
  calling people voting for afd incompetent - or worse - is just the same dumb thing that got trump elected . 
  instead of explaining to the voters what the problems are and how we are going to solve them , we insult them , poisoning the well . 
  are the people you listed any crazier than , let 's say the green party who has people rambling about the police using racial profiling and using the word nafri this new years eve ? 
  instead of saying `` job well done '' ? 
  or the left party ? 
  a party that actually has fucking maoists in their rows , people who really think communism is the way to go ? 
  or parties that have someone like heiko maas as a minister of justice . 
  you know , the guy that openly endorses something like the `` amadeu antonio stiftung '' ? 
  tl ; dr there 's all kinds of crazy , do n't oversimplify things . 
  thanks !, 
  read the article on the shitter this morning . 
  hits the mark pretty well imho, 
  oh shit , the russian boogeyman is at it again . 
  i can already feel the russian winter coming in from the east ... 
  pathetic really . 
  the russians did n't get trump elected . 
  the incompetence and arrogance of the democratic party did . 
  angela merkel is going to win the german election . 
  nothing russia can do about that . 
  and the afd will get 15 % + . 
  not because of russian influence , but because of the incompetence and arrogance of the establishment . 
  ahhh home sweet home it really is something to stand on top of the western flank of the black forest and look out over the upper rhine valley and the rhine itself deep into france . 
  especially great in a wet windy october-november evening . 
  very special feeling . 
  and yes , it really does look black outside of summer . 
  oh yea the super efficiency is a joke . 
  and whoever takes that stereotype seriously is about as dumb as a person who tinks the french are surrender monkeys . 
  the fact that our trains are supposed to run on time all the time is such a laughable notion i ca n't help but smile everytime i hear the brits talk about that . 
  and the buerocracy is a nightmare , no doubt . 
  but when it comes down to buildung factories and massive industrial complexes ? 
  i know my country well . 
  and a project like a gigantic billion euro battery production complex that is more or less automated ... this will be a success story . 
  imagine the money that is in that operation . 
  germans love the make money - trust me , i 'm one of them . 
  german industry complains a lot .
