saying `` it will happen one way or another '' is different from `` i want it to happen '' . 
  were ? 
  anyway , i am from west germany . 
  how is that relevant , though ? 
  probably would have devoted the very first page to him and told him to go fuck himself . 
  if he knew what damage to the world has been done in his name ... 
  nah , it 's actually the mentally handicapped on both sides of the spectrum . 
  do n't worry . 
  what does socio-economic mean in this context ? 
  yes , a continent that has been at war with itself for basically forever , which caused two world wars , now being at peace for the last 70 years , is definitely one of the best things that have happened to the world . 
  stolen by whom ? 
  no they do n't . 
  federal law  state law . 
  just cause it is in the constitution , it does not mean that the could make use of it even if they wanted to . 
  poland ? 
  why make it so complicated ? 
  just give them the document ? 
  no point in admitting it either way , as we would n't gain anything from it . 
  might as well bring it up at the next meeting : '' you remember that time when i coulda ridiculed you but chose not to ? '' . 
  gon na work wonders with someone like trump . 
  pretty sure the comment above you is pure sarcasm . 
  pretty sure he uses hitler 's policies from 1933 to 1939 as to-do list and is just ticking of one after another . 
  he is probably wondering why he has n't received neither the sudetenland nor vienna yet . 
  in the end we are all nazis , which in turn makes us all germans . 
  therefore , this is actually germany 's greatest extent . 
  `` old '' lol . 
  the guy is 40 years old . 
  do n't get complacent !, 
  if this scheme is as easy as you say , then you should n't blame the european politicians for responding but the turkish people who fall for this very obvious scheme . 
   to attend some gig you can basically stop readin there . 
  does n't get any better . 
  what do the welsh have to do with this ? 
  something tells me that he is not aiming for an eu membership . 
  i am not sure what it is . 
  but i just have this feeling . 
  of course i could have mentioned a stupid amount of scientists . 
  coulda mentioned planck , kepler , humboldts , heisenberg , gau\u00df , etc. . 
  the list is long . 
  he did n't say that and you know that very well . 
  the day the spd even considers a coalition with the afd is the day the spd dies . 
  i do n't think wayne rooney being on this list but the likes of goethe , rousseau , picasso , etc. 
  missing says anything about `` britain destroyin everyone culturally . '', 
  if anything it shows how pathetic people 's knowledge about culture is . 
  you have people who supposedly stood on a balcony singing while the city in front of him was burning down , but instead there is a fucking `` bunga bunga '' oligarch in that list . 
  this picture sums up all what 's wrong with this world . 
  michael schumacher in front of merkel , brandt , adenauer , goethe , schiller , mozart , beethoven , bach , etc. ... . 
  do you have one from germany yet ? 
  if not i 'd happily do it tomorrow . 
  would you prefer it in front of the reichstag or the brandenburger tor ? 
  interesting . 
  the second most popular one in norway is norwegian and in the us it 's english . 
  have you even read the article ? 
  depends on how much scotch you are willing to bribe us with . 
  other than the netherlands i think it looks fair enough . 
  so what 's up with the netherlands ? 
  what 's the point of a democracy if you can pass laws without the parliament ? 
  in theory i totally agree with you . 
  however , you assume that everyone is willing to change their mind if they are presented with evidence that goes against their current believes . 
  but experience has shown us that this is not the case . 
  you ca n't compare two democracies that overall are very similar to the rest of europe , even if they currently have anti europe governments , to a country that is becoming a dictatorship . 
  the bold text is bold for a reason . 
  it obviously does not apply to current turkey . 
  you forgot the / s. 
  there is no reason why you would n't want a ** functioning democratic country that shares your values ** with a growing economy and an important geological position to join your union . 
  it would strengthen the union . 
  edit : obviously their economy is n't really growing anymore since erdogan has shown his true face . 
  again , germany has never claimed to have `` free speech '' and considering that there are n't a whole lot of people complaining , i assume most germans are fine with that . 
  our `` meinungsfreiheit '' , entitlement to any opinion whatsoever , is just fine . 
  i , and many germans , fail to see why you would need or should have the right to insult another person . 
   look , i do n't expect you to understand or sympathize but please realize how kleingeistig and medieval your constitution and hate speech laws appear to a lot of outsiders , mostly americans but also the majority of the rest of europe . 
  i certainly do n't care about what other people think . 
  but you seem very informed if you know that most of europe thinks so as well . 
  also , as you are swiss , you should know that `` free speech '' in germany is called `` meinungsfreiheit '' . 
  you are entitled to have any opinion you want . 
  and no , saying merkel is a stupid bitch who should be hanged at the spot is not an opinion . 
  that 's a threat . 
   the fact that a symbol , a texture , in a video game or movie can be `` unconstitutional '' . 
  this claim just proves really that you do n't know jack shit about our constitution . 
  just like a said in the earlier comment , if there is good reason you may very well use those symbols . 
  that includes art . 
  the problem with video games is n't our constitution but our politicians who have yet to define video games as `` art '' . 
  someone 's strength , manpower or whatever does not matter for this question , though . 
  just cause person a can not do as much damage as person b , it does n't mean that person b ca n't be just as evil or retarded as person a. 
  how does that fact make my statement `` invalid '' . 
  it does not outlaw one symbol . 
  it outlaws the wrong use of plenty of symbols . 
  you may use the swastika if there is good reason to . 
  my comment was no `` argument '' but a fact . 
  our constitution defines what 's banned , judges follow those guidelines . 
  because depending on your definition of evil , hitler for example may be retarded but not evil . 
  if i.e. 
  you define `` being evil '' with `` acting in a way you yourself believe to be evil '' then hitler would n't be evil , if he truly believed that he was `` saving europe '' . 
  he would obviously be retarded but not evil . 
  only if you subscribe to the opinion that their is an objective evil can these kind of people be both evil an retarded at the same time . 
  i think i 'd personally lean to the latter definition , but i certainly understand people who subscribe to the first one . 
   and who is going to be deciding what counts as `` hate speech '' ? 
  our constitution . 
  i seriously wonder whether these kind of dictators actually are just plain retarded and believe themselves what they are saying or if they are just acting . 
  it 's always the same question really . 
  were hitler , stalin and co. just pure evil or actually retarded ?
