  i wonder . 
  you are completely ignoring the fact that if erdogan was allowed to do whatever he wanted he would just be like `` look how great i am . 
  i can do whatever i want . 
  now elevate me from de facto dictator to de jure dictator already ! '', 
  it 's not the eu 's responsibility whether the turkish people vote for a dictator or not . 
  if a foreign leader threatens our union you can expect us to defend ourselves . 
  if that for whatever reason means he gains more support in his own country then that 's not our concern . 
  great comparison , mate !, 
  i wonder how many of these children will grow up to become more useful to denmark and europe than you will ever be ? 
  i have no idea . 
  lmao , from the english wikipedia article about martin henriksen ( the guy who said this stuff apparently ) :  he also spent 10 months as a conscript in the gardehusarregimentet , but quickly left because there where no one to discriminate against . 
  [ ... ] since 2012 , he has also been the df 's representative in the council of europe . 
  all of which every other person in denmark regrets to this day . 
  [ ... ] he is one of the more islam-critical politicians in the df , having previously said on his website that islam `` has since its inception been a terrorist movement '' . 
  which is racists af . 
  [ ... ] do not think of him as martin henriksen , the 13-year-old boy in albania . 
  because this guy is the 37-year-old racists man in denmark . 
  what about people like me , though ? 
  i am german through and through , born in germany , raised by my german mother . 
  however , my father is from morocco and as such i do not only have the german but also the moroccan citizenship by birth . 
  now , that by itself would n't be a problem . 
  i would gladly give it up , as i dont identify with that country . 
  but morocco does not allow for their citizens to give up their citizenship . 
  and since the moroccan citizenship is aquired by birth , all my children will have that citizenship as well . 
  you may keep your food as i too am very fond of sp\u00e4tzle . 
  however , you will have to give up your dialect . 
  hochdeutsch shall be you mother tongue from now on , you heathen !, 
  we should have forced you southerns to assimilate properly back when we had the chance . 
  i hope they will have a reason to burn belgian flags next . 
  i mean , i do n't find it uninteresting . 
  i just think that this is gon na end up in a pissing contest . 
  dunno about most other people but when i mean europe i do not include russia nor turkey . 
  russia is ... well russia , it 's like its own continent and turkey as far as i am concerned is part of the middle east . 
  are we gon na do this with every country now ? 
  luxembourg was interesting cause of it size . 
  hungary is just a normal country . 
  mate , most guys in my course look like they have never had a girlfriend . 
  seems like the women to men ratio is even lower than in my computer engineering course . 
  i wonder why . 
  first of all these rankings always are stupid to begin with , secondly , this ranking is ridiculously stupid , considering that tu m\u00fcnchen , the best german university for technology , is behind the likes of g\u00f6ttingen . 
  if you want a more realistic ranking you should have a look at qs . 
  though , all rankings are stupid . 
  `` a sovereign nation told us to not enter their borders , we did it anyways and now face the consequences ? 
  we shall not accept that . '', 
  when is the next national election in poland and what does the polish population think about the work of pis ? 
  considering erdogan 's own political ideology would n't this be a compliment ? 
   considering we are also one of the biggest contributors to the eu , have they considered the uks `` ownership '' of any infrastructure . 
  what sort of infrastructure are you talking about ? 
  i would imagine that eu infrastructure is owned by the eu , not by single member states . 
  seems like it is anschlusstime once more . 
  and what do you want them to do then ? 
  vote le pen now instead of later ? 
  there should be statistics all over the place but i did n't really find any . 
  however , here is just an example : [ new york times in 2013 ] ( https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/12/19/world/europe/turkey-jailing-the-most-journalists.html ), 
  they topped that ranking way before the coup even happened . 
  it 's not weird at all if you know our history . 
  also , i am obviously joking . 
  they let him in . 
  you know your left arm that you had to amputate because it had all these weird colours and that gained their own will afterwards ? 
  the one you then accepted as small brother who you thought was n't too bad after all ? 
  butwho then became arrogant , started doing drugs and blamed all the shit he was responsible for on you ? 
  austria in a nutshell . 
  well , the funny thing is that the extreme right hates muslims . 
  however , they are only seen as tools used by jews to destroy white europe . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  i do n't get why they see jews behind everything . 
  i am impressed . 
  are jersey and guernsey something every brit knows about ? 
   turkey  fascist arabs, 
  pretty sure some big companies have some theoretical prototypes as well . 
  ca n't quite remember who it was . 
  maybe vw , mercedes or perhaps amazon . 
  edit : [ it 's airbus and uber actually . 
  does this law apply to all jobs ? 
  i worked in a gas station for example . 
  i worked on sundays all the time . 
  no pay raises for me . 
  nothing . 
  just saying that it is n't as easy as he thinks it is . 
  generally that 's not how working times are distributed . 
  if your boss says you work on sunday , then you work on sunday . 
  at least that 's my experience from retail work . 
  because it 's no different from erdogan 's `` us vs. them '' propaganda . 
  you know damn right that 's not what i said or meant . 
  i do n't mind conservative leaders or leaders who want to completely close our borders . 
  that 's an opinion on how to handle the refugee crisis and i am very open about that cause i know that it 's a complex problem . 
  however , what we do not need is a leader who sends their citizens loaded questions to undermine the eu . 
  it 's totally fine if you send your citizens a proper questionnaire . 
  however , what he did is just below what i expect from a democratic leader . 
  it 's not different from what erdogan is doing . 
  also , the alleged corruption does n't help . 
  they use their cerebrospinal fluid , as their brain is obviously leaking and they have no other use for it anyways . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  pardon my ignorance , but i am seriously wondering . 
  did you just misspell his name or is there some reason to it ? 
  is this a play on words ? 
   ms may responded to the question on the offensive , taking aim at labour 's economic policy claiming it would `` bankrupt this country '' and accusing mr corbyn of being `` unfit '' to lead . 
   she added that ordinary people would pay for a labour government `` with their taxes , their jobs and their childrens futures . '' so not answering a question and instead insulting the inquirer is not only a german thing . 
   when questioned whether removing assad would merely pave the way for an islamist regime , mr johnson said there was `` no future '' for the syrian dictator given his war crimes . 
   `` the essential thing will be to have a political process that preserves the institutions of the syrian state while decapitating the monster , '' he added .
