i really do n't understand why zeman and co. suck on putin 's balls so much . 
  it 's rather embarassing . 
  i mean , the cia does deserve constant mistrust . 
  if a rumour about cia seems too evil to possibly be true , it 's probably true . 
  uhh sorry to break it to you but ignoring places like moldova and albania , romania is considered the worst , poorest and least developed . 
  the first czech translation is n't entirely correct . 
  nowhere is `` invasion '' mentioned , the sentence is vague , he is talking generally about bad things happening . 
  edit : `` slovakia is very late '' lol this is polandball level translation ( supposed to be `` delayed economically '' or similar ) . 
  not `` god bless '' but `` god save/protect '' . 
  he is n't praising but commenting on consequences . 
  the magyar is obnoxious . 
  he does make some nice observations but his conclusions are idiotic . 
  i bet he 's nazi by now . 
  god dammit germoney . 
  first nuclear and now this ? 
  you really need to learn about making actual difference instead of populist one . 
  yeah , that has nothing to do with economic destruction by communists , totally because we do n't let immigrants in very much . 
  the perks of being second-tier europeans , 
  is it bad to want to keep it that way ? 
  i mean , look what happened to france , sweden and britain . 
  the attack was targeted at americans . 
  hopefully it stays that way . 
  because putin says so . 
  i 'd say it quite literally means `` hey '' . 
  can be used a a greeting . 
  guess where i live . 
  how did you like my town ? 
  just because you ca n't stop doing it does n't mean it 's meaningful . 
  ... defend kebab ? 
  they 're still a bit nazi tho . 
  slovaks would protest . 
  they loved bitching about the name czechoslovakia too . 
  sealand relevant !, 
  there have been a couple incidents where the police pull over non-german speaking families with czech license plates who just went for a trip or a something , demand some unreasonable searches/documents and then put them in jail . 
  germans still like to harass people around the czech border actually . 
  you know , they ca n't arrest a husband and wife for the same crime !, 
  seriously , politics these days feel like the bluth family is running shit here . 
  uae ? 
  this comment would be even better if you had american flag . 
  czechs , for the most part . 
  it 's a pompous city literally owned by russian mob . 
  bear in mind , we do n't owe them any white guilt like you do to your niggers . 
  i think it was mostly that they grew up , realized who they are and adopted gypsy culture . 
  if they lived in some secluded cabin without outside influence they may have turned out alright . 
  basically ebay clone . 
  no idea what to search for , never seen that machine before . 
  also , people might be unwilling to ship outside of cz . 
  `` muteland '' , has probably smth to do with not being able to understand them . 
  poland - polsko slovakia - slovensko austria - rakousko wiki says it 's named after castle raabs near the border ; merchants distorted the name and then somehow used it for the whole country . 
  ah , petrohrad , the only nice thing about russia . 
  that 's because you still feel superior to the lazy slavs . 
  also those jobs pay more than skilled labour back home . 
  for fucks sake / r/europe here have the non-shortened link . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@50.4678571,15.2904887,3a,75y,174.39h,71.96t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-zocmqwdzoh0%2fvcaz_azygri%2faaaaaaaaj6q%2fmhgcigkgbws!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh3.googleusercontent.com%2f-zocmqwdzoh0%2fvcaz_azygri%2faaaaaaaaj6q%2fmhgcigkgbws%2fs203-k-no%2f!7i10240!8i5120 fuck you . 
  ebin : ddddd, 
  we have experience with arabs raiding our borders . 
  months too late . 
  since they banned nuclear i ca n't help but agree . 
  dear america , why do n't you take these consequences of your tank-selling military adventurism yourself ? 
  surely you got enough space . 
  oh wait you shit on your own veterans too . 
  the hungarians proceeded to not cut off the heads of their benefactors . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i thought the internet was ultimately moving towards more idiotic sjw ? 
  how did this happen ? 
  can into middle class . 
  you know how things do n't really improve until old people die out ? 
  yeah . 
  except they also pass their opinions and feelings onto their progeny , fortunately not efficiently enough . 
  well yeah , there is way more media hype about isis , and also way more ostalgia about russia . 
  do n't you have tourists to sell overpriced stuff to ? 
  haha i love the eu plaque . 
  are you in withdrawal because you ca n't afford your drugs again ? 
  hey guys i live in postcommunist country and feel the effects everyday , not in a welfare state . 
  all these armchair communists , all this germany hate . 
  greece ought to crash and burn , they betrayed europe . 
  russia is a nation of feudal serfs though . 
  they never left that mentality . 
  they will happily follow their god-emperor into war and rape . 
  [ i wonder ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/11413226/copenhagen-shooting-during-debate-on-islam.html ), 
  hey if you have the same habit of compulsively searching `` czech '' as me , try using [ this tailored search query . 
  crash and burn . 
  because he 's not a celebrity advertising their new project . 
  well yeah , prostitute . 
  basically , bitch !, 
  oh i was looking forward to that . 
  haha yeah good job with hungary . 
  us ca n't even imperialism well anymore . 
  except part of western cold war propaganda painted us that way , all lumped together with russia . 
  i feel like slavs are currently one of few ethnic groups that it is `` cool '' to make fun of . 
  pay denbts first . 
  you live on welfare you get made fun of . 
  you do n't seem to understand the russian soul very much . 
  sharia though . 
  it does have riverside and beach or two :p, 
  no , what you pave is the contractor 's pockets . 
  total of 5 kilometers of new roads !, 
   not important actually , very important . 
  they identify strongly . 
  zeman is a very good representative .
