  the system would be a permanent solution to distribute migrants as they come , so the countries would n't constantly go through the sort of negotiations we had when the old quotas , that you are talking about , were decided . 
  the current solution is about specific numbers of migrants each country is willing to take . 
  the system would be about establishing what percentage of all upcoming future migrants should go to each country . 
   it ca n't be implemented like that . 
  i mean you ca n't pay romanian benefits to an immigrant in sweden ... he 'll starve . 
  i imagine the benefits would have been subsidized by the eu to avoid the sort of situation you are talking about . 
  instead of getting some development funds a country would be receiving money to fund benefits for migrants . 
   you just have a grim perspective about the future and i 'm more optimistic . 
   true . 
  i 'm sorry about being rude to you initially . 
  i thought you were being condescending and not looking for a civil conversation . 
  my first reply to you was needlessly hostile . 
  i think you are focusing on the short term consequences of the situation . 
  today they do n't stay long enough . 
  that might change in the future . 
  for example , if the eu develops a quota system . 
  that sort of solution is virtually guaranteed to have some measures that will discourage migrants from moving to countries other than the one they were designated to . 
  ensuring migrants will receive the same social benefits in every eu country would be the most basic solution . 
  in a way you are right . 
  everything is fine . 
  today . 
  might not be like that tomorrow . 
  yeah , because you do n't have a counterargument for that . 
  if doldenberg is right and the polish immigrants germany gets have overall a detrimental effect on the country , then it 's in the best interest of germany to limit or even stop that immigration wave . 
  in that case , pretending there is no problem and saying that those who point out the problem are `` xenophobes '' , is not a reasonable solution . 
   off-topic : what 's with this `` muslims want to change our culture '' from polish internet users ?!, 
  is this even a problem there ? 
  you ca n't really be this dense . 
  no , it 's not a problem now and we would like to keep it that way . 
  it 's a problem in the uk , france , sweden , belgium , and a growing issue in germany . 
  we do not want to adopt their immigration policies , because they lead to these problems . 
  problems like ghettos , terrorism and culture clashes . 
  as far as we are concerned , our immigration system works better . 
  you must have heard this explanation before . 
  i 'm not sure which part of it might be too complicated for you ... 
   threatening freedom of press when someone says that freedom of the press is under attack in poland , it 's a great way to tell that this person is either ignorant , and has no idea what they are talking about , or they are utterly full of shit . 
  the government replaced some of the staff in the media companies that the government owns . 
  the privately owned companies , also known as the vast majority of media in poland , were not affected in any way . 
  poorly translated idiom . 
  they are talking about a full cooperation against certain trends in the eu . 
  not about literal theft . 
   how they treat freedom of the press . 
  did you bother to read the article or simply linked it because you liked the headline ? 
  hint : it 's not actually about the freedom of the press in general . 
  it 's about establishing how much influence the government has over the few specific broadcasting companies it owns . 
  yeah , i 'm shamelessly not going to waste time looking for sources . 
  i think it 's perfectly obvious that people who entered the country based on invitations from employers are going to have better unemployment numbers than refugees who might be unskilled , disabled or simply have skills that currently are not in demand . 
  what exactly needs a source here ? 
  the 0 ukrainian terrorist attacks ? 
  the 0 ghettos ? 
  crime rates are easy to find too . 
  the last two tables [ here ] ( http://sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/interpelacjatresc.xsp?key=5ca3b601 ) show the exact numbers of ukrainian suspects in police investigations . 
  the unemployment stats ? 
  i 'm too lazy to go through the numbers from each eu country that accepts middle-eastern refugees , but as far as i remember their unemployment is usually around 40 % or higher . 
  the ukrainians who come to poland ca n't simply cross the border . 
  in most cases they have a job or a school lined up when they apply for a visa . 
  that 's why they get the visas to begin with . 
  obviously , we would n't be naturalizing the ones who ca n't stay employed or in school . 
   wo n't it create the perception of racist motives we do n't care . 
  seriously . 
  we are not going to do things that are unlikely to be beneficial to us simply because they are politically correct . 
  the so-called refugees are much more likely to be a burden on the country 's welfare system than the sort of immigrants we are talking about here . 
  that alone should be enough to view them as a worse choice , but there is also the fact that the ukrainians who live here do n't create ethnic ghettos , do n't cause crime rates to rise and do n't kill people in the name of the orthodox church . 
   wo n't they just run off to the west ? 
  sure , some might . 
  but the idea is that we should be turning the people who have settled here into citizens , not to give out citizenships to people living in the ukraine who would normally apply for a visa . 
   also , ukraine is in demographic freefall . 
  they are not going to supply poland with the labour demands it needs over the long term the thing about demographics is that nobody knows what they will be in the long term . 
  our fertility rates were almost double of what they are now a mere 30 years ago . 
   we need to accept 5 m by 2050 ok , but that does n't mean we should n't be naturalizing people gradually . 
  i do n't think we should be doing it a million at a time , that 's all . 
   increase their intake as much as i support their naturalization , i do n't think that 's such a great idea . 
  the numbers are growing rapidly already . 
  when you look at the amounts of visas we gave to ukrainians , they went up from something like 700 000 in 2014 to over 900 000 in 2015 . 
  we are close to the point when supply might become larger than demand . 
  i do not think we have the capacity to effectively assimilate a million people . 
  by `` effectively '' i mean ` without turning them into an underclass ' . 
  is n't this common knowledge at this point ? 
  since crimea happened , we get more and more ukrainian immigrants every year and they seem to be assimilating virtually effortlessly . 
  i think most poles support naturalization of eastern immigrants too . 
  at least that 's what the studies , that i 've seen , showed . 
  imo , this is n't controversial or newsworthy stuff . 
  yeah , it was supposed to be a sick programming burn . 
   the o ( n ^ 2 ) thing is called the [ big o notation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_o_notation ) and it 's a mathematical tool used to estimate how quickly an algorithm is going to solve a problem . 
   sort yourself i bet you are using o ( n ^ 2 ) algorithms for sorting , noobz . 
  did i say it 's 50/50 ? 
  my point was that ( s ) he is wrong to assume that eastern europeans are being hypocritical because ( s ) he thinks we are some kind of single-minded monolith . 
  it should be obvious to any moderately intelligent person , that other countries have their liberal and conservative factions too . 
  so when , for example , you see a polish person saying something conservative and then you see a polish person saying something liberal , you are supposed to reach the conclusion that there are some polish people who believe in the first thing and some who believe in the latter . 
  not that poles are hypocrites who simultaneously believe in both ideas . 
  when it comes to the specific issues ( s ) he mentioned , very few poles simultaneously hate diversity and think that the uk should n't have the right to reduce immigration . 
  i know of polish [ jokes/memes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kmuxhkh.jpg ) making fun of hypothetical people who have that hypocritical mindset , but in reality these sort of people are hard to find . 
   eastern europeans ( including ones on this sub ) hate diversity , but as soon as the uk wants to reduce immigration , they insult the uk for being xenophobic . 
  christ . 
  you do know that each eastern european country has more than one citizen , right ? 
  can you imagine that these multiple citizens have opposing worldviews ? 
  that maybe some do n't like diversity , want to live in their country and do n't really give a shit about brexit , while others believe in open borders , multiculturalism and think brexit is regressive ? 
   regions that embrace diversity thrive . 
  like london , berlin , any big city in europe really it 's the other way around . 
  they do n't thrive because of diversity .
