you guys still remember the legia game or was there some more recent `` event '' i do not know of ? 
  and now you are just putting words in my mouth . 
  nice touch !, 
   the same way you would n't go into details why burning people at the stake is bad and instead call it medieval i would n't do either . 
  you constructed a false dichotomy . 
  we are not in a situation where there are only two choices - presenting a good , but complex argument or a simple , but false one . 
   arguments used in agitation are simplified i think it 's disingenuous to say that they were simplifying the issue . 
  they just used a fallacy . 
  i do n't expect them to use sophisticated language or give the audience an hour long lecture on abortion law and ethics . 
  i expect them not to use points that are obviously not true . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly high bar to pass . 
  i do n't think that the abortion law should be stricter and i 'm supposedly on the same side of the barricade as these people , but this bit literally made me facepalm irl :  in the current circumstances , in 2016 ( in the 21st century !, 
  ) , polish women need to fight for their basic human rights in the current year ?!, 
  no way !, 
  what makes people use this idiotic argument ? 
  the date does n't mean shit . 
  relatively new and currently popular ideas might not survive the test of time . 
  when people point out that an idea is outdated , that fact , on its own , does n't mean anything . 
  just look at the history of gay rights . 
  look how the europeans ' perspective on them has been shifting since antiquity . 
  there were long periods in history when making homosexuality illegal was seen as socially progressive . 
  contemporary ideas are n't good simply because they are currently popular or trendy . 
  we should really stop enabling this idiotic reasoning and start calling out the people who use this intellectually lazy point . 
   pawlikowski would n't be able to explore multiple topics in a single auteur film that spends as much time explaining the protagonist 's family backstory as it is tracking artsy-fartsy shots , while also managing to border on being a road film . 
  i agree , but i do n't think that justifies skimming over wanda 's past . 
  the proper solution is to further disassociate wanda from woli\u0144ska and give her a different job . 
  maybe simply make her a part of the government and not specifically a prosecutor ? 
  if he did that , he would n't have to treat killing freedom fighters like it 's some trivial workplace issue you feel somewhat uneasy about . 
  something you do n't have to focus too much on . 
  if he did n't want to explore a topic that is so serious and important , then he should n't have mentioned it at all . 
  probably . 
  i think it 's very obvious that the viewer is supposed to empathize with both , ida and wanda , because they represent dualities - youth and experience , faith and faithlessness , naivete and cynicism , and so on . 
  yeah , we are supposed to see bits of ourselves in both of them . 
  they are both sympathetic characters . 
   i did n't necessarily get the impression that wanda 's word had to be taken for face value and that you should blindly admire her . 
  i did n't say wanda was admirable . 
  i think her personality was sanitized . 
  the clearly evil aspects of her real-life prototype , helena woli\u0144ska , were either omitted or presented as a gray area in wanda 's story . 
  just like you described , wanda was a jaded hardass who committed herself to her work/politics because of what happened to her . 
  the real woli\u0144ska had been a hardcore ideologue and an unrepentant devout stalinist till her last breath . 
  she did n't think her life was a dead end . 
  she did n't kill herself . 
  she died of old age avoiding extradition and justice , and denying the crimes she had committed . 
  pawlikowski even mentioned in his interviews , that he was shocked that this clever , charming , strong woman was also complicit in multiple murders of innocent people . 
  he recognized that her personality had these two contrasting sides , but he chose to portray only one aspect of her in his movie and skimmed over the other . 
  you are right about my use of the word `` massacre '' . 
  too few people were killed for it to be called a massacre . 
  i should have used a different word . 
   jeez , why do people come in full force like they 're being personally insulted , when a film tackles difficult topics controversy is rather inevitable when someone is mixing historical fact with fiction , because that mix creates narratives . 
  i do n't think anyone is criticizing `` ida '' simply because it `` tackles difficult topics '' . 
  i personally would criticize it for skimming over wanda 's past . 
  the viewer hears her say she was sending `` so-called heroes to death '' and then that in hindsight she does n't know what she was fighting for . 
  the movie does n't inform the viewer who these `` so-called heroes '' were . 
  pawlikowski ( the writer and director ) made the decision not to explore this topic in his movie , even though it would have made his second most important character much more complex and multidimensional . 
  these sort of decisions , focusing on one `` difficult topic '' while ignoring the other , create subjective narratives . 
  narratives people might not like . 
   i certainly disagree with people calling this movie `` antipolish '' and all that paranoia . 
  my point is that the backlash was predictable , not that it 's entirely justified . 
   i did n't catch any glorification of that freedom fighter in that movie . 
  i said it 's :  whitewashing helena woli\u0144ska , a jewish stalinist prosecutor who sentences polish freedom fighters to death . 
  it 's not the freedom fighters who were glorified . 
  wanda , a sympathetic character in the story , represents helena woli\u0144ska . 
  pawe\u0142 pawlikowski , who wrote and directed the movie , said multiple times that the character is based on woli\u0144ska . 
  the guardian forgot to mention that detail ? 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  if the movie was entirely fictional , i would have agreed with you . 
  since the event is used to create the backstory of a character representing an existing person , it does matter whether that particular massacre happened or not . 
   was already surprised by the big backslash of the lovely and subtle ida . 
  `` ida '' invents a massacre committed by poles on jews , that did n't happen in real life , while simultaneously whitewashing [ helena woli\u0144ska , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helena_woli%c5%84ska-brus ) a jewish stalinist prosecutor who sentenced polish freedom fighters to death . 
  if you were surprised that was controversial , you have n't been paying attention . 
  edit : spelling, 
   polish redditors/pis supporters were insisting the pis was just kidding/just fronting , that they were doing this signature collection thing just to make a show an ngo was collecting signatures , not pis . 
  ] ( http://www.stopaborcji.pl/ )  they would n't actually make the abortion laws worse have they made abortion laws worse ? 
  not yet , huh ? 
  they need to signal to their base that they struggled with the decision , but i 'll be surprised if they do n't reject the proposed changes to the law in the end , because the general public does n't support the project . 
  that 's because catholicism has never opposed evolution the way some protestant denominations do . 
  arguably , catholics were the major christian group most accepting of it . 
  lamarck and mendel were catholic . 
  creationism , in the context of christianity , is mainly an american thing and then a protestant thing . 
   righteousness do n't you mean `` rule of law '' ? 
  `` praworz\u0105dno\u015b\u0107 '' is n't `` righteousness '' . 
  yeah , it shows society is becoming more and more tolerant towards minorities . 
  even if to some they seem weird and perverse . 
  it 's no longer ok to discriminate against them and make them social pariahs . 
  anyway , that 's what i think about people using cyrillic alphabet . 
  54 comments under a picture from a pride parade . 
  51 are people arguing about alphabets . 
  depends how pedantic you want to be . 
  some people say that `` heavy metal '' was the 70s and 80s sort of metal ( black sabbath , van halen , etc. ), 
  and the more modern stuff is simply `` metal '' . 
  that distinction is supposed to separate early metal , that by today 's standards is more like ( hard ) rock , from the really hard modern stuff . 
  as if most people could distinguish the subgenres of metal . 
  to most , the stuff that is heavier than rock is heavy metal . 
  you just have to live with that . 
  edyta g\u00f3rniak ? 
  [ these guys ] ( http://i.imgur.com/llky9kk.jpg ) are much more internationally recognizable and sell way more albums . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ also , _ i_think_it 's _ hilarious_that_they_are_our_best_musical_export . 
   that 's why we voted against it ( poland voted for it by the way :p ) . 
  i should have been more specific . 
  the quotas we have now were a one-time agreement and are not the system i had in mind .
