  no , it means you asked a dumb question . 
  yes , i 've read actual studies . 
  yes , multiple . 
  thing is , every person that has expressed an opinion about this issue , regardless what that opinion might be , thinks their sources are good enough , that they are not cherry picking . 
  they would n't have had voiced their opinion , if they thought their sources are not good enough . 
  so your question is pointless . 
   you implied it when you said you do not support equal rights . 
  literally the next sentence after that clarified that by inequality i mean preferring one over the other , not a ban . 
   you demand everything be backed up by peer-reviewed studies when did i do that ? 
  you presented an alternative hypothesis . 
  you did n't refute anything . 
  your idea of what a role model is , is much more limited than mine . 
  i defined what i mean by `` male and female role models '' in another comment :  a male and a female that are emotionally close to the child , that serve as examples of behavior . 
  they are supposed to provide basic education , teach the child ( by example ) how to interact with males and females , how to form and maintain relationships and , ultimately , how to be a role model to a child . 
  the sort of role models you are talking about are in my opinion simply positive examples of behavior . 
  i think the emotional bond is essential , because it makes the child want to be like the role model . 
   you 're conflating two different things here . 
  kids from single parent households do n't do poorly because of lack of role models - the problem with the one parent household is one of time and ressources . 
  prove it . 
  good luck with that . 
  discovering this sort of causality would be a major breakthrough . 
  quote ? 
   there is no way for a government to exercise that preference without a ban . 
  who said anything about a government ban ? 
  couples are already preferred over single people in the adoption process , so a ban is not necessary to favor some people . 
   anyway i find it very curious that you would find homosexual couples , which are statistically more likely to be upper middle class , to be among the worst to rise children . 
  when did i say they are among the worse ? 
   i can easily imagine much worse upbringing . 
  me too . 
  that 's why i do n't support a ban . 
  did you ? 
   and do you happen to have a source about that correlation ? 
  because as far as the scientific comunity goes , that 's far from being a consensus . 
  that 's just not true . 
  causality is disputed . 
  the correlations are obvious . 
  being raised by a single parent correlates with higher risk of becoming poor , criminal behavior , substance abuse , bad grades in school , mental illness , etc. 
  [ see the `` debates '' and `` educational achievement '' sections . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_parent ) the debate is about causality , about figuring out what exactly makes people poor , criminal , etc. . 
  the existence of the correlations is enough to affect the current adoption system where couples are generally favored over single people . 
   also would you care expanding on what you think are male and female role models ? 
  a male and a female that are emotionally close to the child , that serve as examples of behavior . 
  they are supposed to provide basic education , teach the child ( by example ) how to interact with males and females , how to form and maintain relationships and , ultimately , how to be a role model to a child . 
   it 's obvioua you 're taking your own opinion as a categorical fact no , i consider my opinions to be opinions . 
  that 's why i explicitly said they are opinions : `` the data i 've seen is , in my opinion , inconclusive . '', 
   imho growing up with two lgbt parents in a western country with a stable economic situation seems more alluring than staying in an orphanage in the country of origin . 
  my idea of favoring straight couples over lgb couples in the adoption process does n't affect the amount of kids that ultimately get adopted . 
  for example , couples tend to be favored over single people , so being single does n't mean you will not be able to adopt , but it does mean a couple might be chosen over you . 
  the kid gets adopted , but you might not be chosen to become its parent . 
  i said it `` might be a consequence '' , not `` is a consequence '' . 
  it 's a hypothesis , not a conclusion . 
  what do you mean , specifically ? 
   there is plenty of things that have no benefit . 
  does that mean they should be banned ? 
  no , not banned . 
  but it 's reasonable to favor things that have known qualities over things with unknown qualities . 
  kids who grow up raised by one parent do n't live in a one-parent bubble either , yet they do n't do as well as kids raised by both parents . 
  this means friends , teachers , grandpa and grandma , etc. , are not the deciding factor . 
   you make blanket statements about same sex couples just because you feel children might need male and female role models . 
  citation needed . 
  the only statement i 've made is that i consider the studies that i 've read to be inconclusive . 
  again , that sentence you do n't like is only a hypothesis . 
   you know what will really mess up a kid ? 
  having no parents . 
  being trapped in the foster system . 
  not getting adopted . 
  the solution i suggested does n't lead to this . 
  i said that straight couples should be favored , not that lgb couples should be completely denied the right to adopt . 
  if there are two couples willing to adopt a child , a straight one and a lgb one , than the straight one should be favored if the couples are otherwise comparable . 
  this reasoning does n't change the amount of kids that ultimately get adopted . 
    a consequence of growing up around male and female role models . 
   there is no data to back that up . 
  you missed the `` might be '' part . 
  `` some of it might be a consequence of growing up around male and female role models . '', 
  that marks the sentence you disagree with as a hypothesis that i think should be studied , not as a statement i assume to be true . 
   your null theories are pretty out of whack . 
  you start with the assumption that we should discriminate against lgb parents because they 're worse parents and will hold to that belief until it is conclusively disproven . 
  why are n't you applying that rigor to `` straight parents are better than lgb parents '' ? 
  straight parents are an established standard . 
  we do not know what makes them work , but we do know that this model is pretty much the best thing we have . 
  since the quality of the alternative lgb model is at this point indeterminable , i think it 's reasonable to favor the established one . 
  the idea , that presence of male and female role models might be a factor , is just a hypothesis i 'm willing to abandon . 
  i think you missed this bit :  some of it might be a consequence of growing up around male and female role models . 
   you should n't have to be convinced of some benefits in order to support equal rights . 
  i was n't talking about some additional benefit . 
  there is a well documented correlation between being raised by both biological parents and generally doing better in life than people who were raised by only one parent . 
  some of it might be a consequence of growing up around male and female role models . 
  the studies i 've seen did not convince me that kids raised by lgb couples generally do as well as kids raised by straight couples . 
  i 'm not saying that they are doing worse . 
  just that the data i 've seen is , in my opinion , inconclusive . 
  the studies had obvious flaws , like small sample sizes or they did n't control for wealth of the family . 
  i do n't support equal adoption rights , so i guess i 'm part of that remaining 63 % . 
  i think that straight couples should be strongly favored . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/03/19/anti-russian-views-on-the-rise-in-poland/ generally , poles tend to have a positive opinion on the russian people , but negative opinion on the country . 
  depending on how you phrase the question you might get very different results . 
  `` even now in heaven there were angels carrying savage weapons '', 
  you 've got nothing to worry about . 
  korwin-mikke 's parties have had these sort of results for , like , two decades now . 
  he usually does well with young voters , but they tend to abandon him as they get older . 
  they get jobs/kids , get tired of seeing him screw up by needlessly saying controversial/divisive things , and then they start voting for someone else .
