  they thrive thus they attract people from all over the world . 
  big european cities did n't become rich because of multiculturalism . 
  like their countries , they were virtually homogeneous when they gained global recognition . 
  that made them more and more diverse . 
  what you are saying is effectively historical revisionism . 
   and of course it has a lot to do with being scared . 
  look at the voter profile of right-wing parties . 
  male , white , uneducated , poor . 
  of course these people are scared , they 've nothing to contribute in a world that 's tearing down artificial borders . 
  that 's one way of looking at it . 
  another one is that the poor blue-collar workers are the people who experience most of the negative effects of immigration and thus have the most legitimate reasons to think mass immigration is a bad thing . 
  they are the people who ca n't afford to move to a richer part of town when their neighborhoods start turning into immigrant ghettos . 
  they are the group most likely to see their wages stagnating or even dropping when a lot of migrants start applying for jobs . 
  they will experience a rise in crime rates typical for diverse low-income neighborhoods . 
  their kids will go to lower quality schools that will struggle with an influx of students who do n't use the local language at home . 
  they will see businesses moving out of their , now dangerous , neighborhoods and into the richer parts of town . 
  and so on , and so on . 
  the funniest thing about all this is that most of the pro-immigration and anti-redneck people tend to think they are leftists . 
  they are essentially telling poor native people to stop complaining about their deteriorating quality of life and simply pull themselves up by their bootstraps , thus mimicking a classical right-wing talking point . 
   the thing is that it does n't matter , because we were speaking of europe . 
  if a european country closes its border because it does n't want to take care of refugees , the country on the other side of the fence is european as well !, 
  `` the country on the other side of the fence is european as well '' ... what difference does that make ? 
  are you saying that borders are ok , when the other country is n't european ? 
   the original point was that i debunked your fantasy of impenetrable borders . 
  show me a quote where i 'm saying that borders are impenetrable . 
  i said : `` borders stopped the vast majority [ of immigrants ] and made immigration sustainable . 
  that control over the people who come is what prevents immigration from becoming a crisis . '', 
   i never compared it to the eu and that 's why your examples are irrelevant . 
  if you want to talk about the borders between the us and mexico or between east and west germany , then you have to look at them from the us ' and west-german perspectives , because they are comparable with eu 's situation . 
  the eu is not trying to keep people in , like mexico or east germany . 
  the situation in these states is irrelevant in this context . 
   my example was mexico not really . 
  you said `` the us border to mexico '' . 
  you described it from the us perspective . 
  anyway , you are still mixing up immigration with emigration . 
  the eu is not a state people are trying to get out of , so examples , of poor states trying to keep their citizens from emigrating , are irrelevant . 
   that 's what happened in east germany . 
  is it what happened in the us because of their mexican border ? 
  you know , the other example you brought up and are now ignoring , because it 's convenient to omit it . 
  also , you are conflating immigration with emigration . 
  we are talking about immigration , so we should be looking at the border from a west-german perspective . 
   and you just have no arguments left . 
  sure, 
   neither the us border to mexico nor the berlin wall ever managed to stop people . 
  correction - ` to stop all people ' . 
  the borders stopped the vast majority and made immigration sustainable . 
  that control over the people who come is what prevents immigration from becoming a crisis . 
   i would n't be paying for their poor racist 19th century asses . 
  leftist talking points , stereotypes about eastern europeans , the ` current year ' meme , and not a hint of self-reflection . 
  you 're the full package . 
   closing your border wo n't make them go away but it will keep them out . 
  that 's good enough . 
   parasite states like that need to leave the eu . 
  but ... but ... closing the eu 's borders on nationalists would n't make them go away !, 
   the eu never was nor ever will be a sole economic alliance i think that currently it 's much closer to being an economic alliance than a superstate and i would n't be surprised if the concept of federalization was eventually abandoned entirely . 
  nationalism is on the rise in many eu states and , after brexit , germany probably will gain even more power over the union , further reducing the influence smaller states have over the union 's policies . 
  these factors combined with general eu incompetence , like the inability to solve the migrant crisis , might cause multiple states to seek more autonomy and ultimately reshape the union . 
  we wanted to be part of an economic alliance , not the united states of europe . 
  [ like this guy , ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ogrzeu7.jpg ) but not as sexy . 
  they should send [ fratello metallo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbiitsic4fo ) to the eurovision !, 
  [ the most official source there is . 
  our parliament . 
  ] ( http://sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/interpelacjatresc.xsp?key=5ca3b601 ) 922 240 visas for ukrainians in 2015 , that 's 11 % more than in 2014 . 
  in 2015 , almost 650 000 visas were given specifically because polish employers declared they have jobs for the applicants . 
  the rest can search for jobs . 
  i do n't . 
  i brought up the euro for context , to point out we had similar events , that were much more costly , that the general public supported . 
  wyd is n't uniquely expensive and is n't necessarily about appeasing clergy . 
  the latter thing he was suggesting here :  [ but yeah , it 's poland so when one bishop says anything , the whole nation nation falls to its knees . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4uia0v/pilgrims_flock_to_krak%c3%b3w_for_world_youth_days/d5q38zo ), 
  honestly , this does n't seem all that wasteful . 
  when you look at the long-term costs of building and maintaining the infrastructure ( mainly stadiums ) , euro 2012 had a much larger price tag and it was supposed to accomplish a similar goal - promote the participating cities and the country as a whole . 
  the specific pilgrims who will come for wyd may not be particularly rich , but the event will generate a lot of positive publicity around the world . 
  i 'm not saying wyd is a good investment , but it does n't look like a spectacularly terrible one either . 
  the euro probably cost us much , much more . 
  the national stadium alone cost around 2 billion pln ( 500 mil $ ) and it keeps generating losses every year . 
   i can swallow tourists , at least they leave money here . 
  but pilgrims are the opposite . 
  are they ? 
  what exactly are they getting for free ? 
  i have n't been following any of this and i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i thought wyd is comparable to a music festival or some sports tournament . 
  that people will come for the free ... uhm ... let 's say ` entertainment ' , but they will be paying for their hotel rooms , food , etc. . 
   tell me , who supports them and accepts them socially ? 
  yeah , it 's so hard to think of someone who does that ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not sure who she is , but her [ face looks familiar . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l5mb2py.jpg ) how many times has she attended their annual events ? 
  nine times ? 
  thanking them for the great work that they are doing . 
  is she an important person in your country ? 
   their believes are in no way socially acceptable in general . 
  no , only the most extreme of their beliefs are not socially acceptable . 
  they do n't want ` their ' land back anymore , but they would n't mind financial compensations and they are doing historical revisionism by pushing the narrative , that all refugees/expelled are equal , that it 's ok to ignore what were the events that made them displaced people , and who caused the events . 
  this soft version of their beliefs is socially acceptable . 
  political figures go to their events and praise bdv . 
  it 's seen as normal . 
  nobody 's outraged . 
   so stop implying that i 'm one of them evil germans who want to claim that germany did no wrong . 
  i was n't saying that .
