  after all , thanks to you , we already had the camps for it . 
  in this context , that song is some quite funny football banter too . 
  `` og\u00f3rek '' is slang for an unskilled athlete , so they were saying the guys in green are crap players . 
  i love the sign in the center of the picture . 
  the ` current year ' meme has clearly reached poland . 
   there must be huge opposition to these organisations nobody really feels the need to protect pis . 
  they got such a great result in the last elections because they were perceived as the lesser evil . 
  a lot of pis supporters are n't really pis supporters . 
  they are people who simply think the other parties suck more . 
  that 's why they do n't join the protests organized by the opposition parties . 
  foreign media tries to present them as grassroots movements , but that 's largely bs . 
  for example , that ` women walked out of churches ' thing the article mentioned was n't some spontaneous reaction . 
  it was a planed publicity stunt organized by feminists from the women 's party . 
  they literally admitted to it . 
  the fact that pis is perceived as the lesser evil creates this weird situation where it is clearly leading in polls , but few people are genuinely excited by its policies and do n't feel the need to organize/participate in counter-protests and express their support for pis . 
   who says journalism has to be unbiased ? 
  dictionaries . 
   [ writing characterized by a direct presentation of facts or description of events without an attempt at interpretation ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/journalism ) journalism is about presenting facts . 
  opinion pieces are supposed to interpret facts . 
  that 's why that article is in the `` opinion '' section . 
  they know it 's subjective . 
  if you feel a burning sensation spreading down there , that 's not a forest fire . 
  ultra-far right , huh ? 
  so , like , hitler would think these guys are a bit much ? 
  people are really getting carried away when describing right wing groups . 
  those who are right-wing on social issues or nationalism are often called the ` far right ' and then when people try to describe groups that really are fringe they need to make up these silly names . 
  are n't tories split on brexit ? 
  they do n't seem to be particularly fond of immigrants and would probably prefer the eu to be a big free-trade area , not the united states of europe . 
  imo their pro-eu-ness is very questionable . 
  i 've never been interested in dutch politics and have no idea what vvd supports . 
  based on their wiki page , the only things that make them right-wing are related to economic liberalism . 
  other than that , i would count most of the ideological positions , mentioned on their wiki page , as left wing . 
  it seems that the political spectrum in the netherlands must be very narrow , if they count as center-right there . 
  i do n't consider pis to be far-right . 
  nobody calls them that in poland . 
  i think the media in countries that are more left-leaning describe pis in hyperboles to make them fit into this narrative of a far-right takeover that did n't really happen . 
  we do have actual far-right movements like nop or onr , but they are now as fringe as they always were . 
  our previous government and the current one are much more similar than most foreign people seem to think . 
  i think it 's just a tendency to mindlessly circlejerk . 
  redditors like to laugh at the religious right , regardless if they have a good reason or not . 
  i doubt most commenting/voting here know that po wanted to sell poland 's national forests and that it was pis that protected them . 
  in this context , controlled logging is the lesser evil . 
  not really . 
  calling pis far-right is just that inaccurate . 
  and the `` people that understand what trees are for '' thing is a mindless shitpost . 
  our previous , supposedly not far-right/far-left , po government tried to sell our national forests and it was pis that stopped it . 
   po is center-right . 
  they are center-left or just center imo . 
  i do n't see what puts them on the right side of the spectrum . 
  they distance themselves from religion . 
  they would support further integration with eu instead of pushing for more national sovereignty , and their general worldview is rather left-leaning ( gay rights , abortion , etc. 
  the point of trees is to give you an opportunity to shitpost ? 
  ok , that 's reasonable . 
  if that 's how you classify it , calling pis `` populist '' makes sense . 
  in that case , who is the populist-left ? 
   far-right you have no idea what you are talking about , do n't you ? 
  you might as well call them stalinist , that would be about as accurate . 
  if they are far-right , who is center-right ? 
  the eurovision and porn are very different , of course . 
  one is designed to appeal to a person 's lowest instincts and is such a shameful pleasure no respectable person would publicly admit to watching it . 
  the other is porn . 
   communists believe in total equality for everyone . 
  if the communists you know hate jews then they 're not communists . 
  they also are [ not true scotsman !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ), 
  marek zub was their coach at the time . 
  were there riots during the lech games ? 
  i remember the unnecessarily hostile atmosphere , but i think there were no major violent incidents that time . 
  the [ vetra - legia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82rovjayxwg ) game , that i mentioned earlier , was something else . 
  that riot got legia banned from european competition . 
  actually , if ukrainians want to be in europe , they do n't have to go anywhere . 
  why would n't you like it ? 
   perhaps the right way to say it is ` welcome to the eu without the tediousness of a visa ' but it does n't mouth so well . 
  ` welcome to the eu ' would have been fine with me . 
   many people do this . 
  and they should n't . 
  it implies that there is a true , better europe and countries that are technically europe , but not really european . 
  it 's still a shitty thing to say . 
  how else can you interpret it ? 
  welcoming them to europe implies that they were n't part of europe before , does n't it ? 
  if belarus , russia , ukraine and romania had had some travel restriction against french people and they decided to lift if , would anyone say `` welcome to europe , france '' ? 
  i think these kinds of statements show that , in the mind of the person saying it , there is a geographical europe and a better europe that does n't include some countries . 
   welcome to europe , ukrainians because ukraine was n't part of europe before . 
  you are one of those ` only western europe is europe ' people , are n't you ? 
  were they lifted ? 
  i think that has n't happened yet . 
  anyway , that sort of visa-free travel would only allow them to stay in the eu for up to [ 90 days ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38095930 ) . 
  we can give them national visas and permits that would allow them to stay and work legally in poland for much longer periods of time . 
  we 'll still have control over those who will want to stay longer . 
  / u/discolavalamp is obviously joking and pointing out that our migrants do n't need these sorts of classes . 
  it 's not comparable at all . 
  the ukrainians who come here only get temporary worker visas . 
  we have way more control over who gets to come here and how long they are allowed to stay , than uk does over their eu immigrants . 
  the uk has to take in everybody and we get to pick people who can do the jobs which have worker shortages . 
  it 's harder for them to weed out criminals too . 
  if i remember correctly , because of our restrictive system , the ukrainians who come here have lower crime rates than our native population . 
   this is another reason why sweden scores so high in rape statistics , women feel more confident that the authorities will take them seriously and they wo n't be judged negatively by others for bringing it to light . 
  some surveys show the opposite . 
  that as rape rates are increasing , swedish women are becoming less willing to report rape . 
  i 'm not swedish , so i do n't know how reliable the source is , but [ the data ] ( http://i.imgur.com/puknmha.png ) was from bra.se .
