  i hope you know what i mean anyway . 
  you know that austria has its own standard german as well ? 
  really ? 
  we had an atheist , two orthodox kids and one seventh day adventist . 
  not really enough for a club though . 
  i wonder how long it takes for a show to get on netflix or amazon after it aired in the us for example . 
  i only the short answer is too long , but i would really like to know . 
  when i was in gymnasium we once had a couple of hours with our homeroom teacher to discuss problems in our class ( in case americans do n't know , in austria a class of 25 to 30 kids stays together for almost all lessons ) . 
  i guess there was pretty much only one reason . 
  we had a guy in our class who apparently was abused at home etc. 
  so he could be quite aggressive and had problems with social norms . 
  and that 's why most did not like him . 
  they would sometimes taunt him , but i feel hesitant blaming only one side . 
  i always said if one person is going to run amok in our school it 's him . 
  one of my friends also got a training to become a mediator . 
  so i guess they do try to stop bullying , but it 's hard . 
  especially when you add social networks . 
  i do n't know what i would prefer , that or questions about safety in germany . 
  you know because of all the rapefugees or because germans are racists . 
  somehow they ca n't decide wether they are leftists or nazis . 
  it 's pretty active . 
  and a good amount of posts are from americans who want to travel to / live or study in germany . 
  so op better try to search for those threads first . 
  oh you might be right . 
  ca n't say that i have ever actually used that word though . 
  that is such a small minority , i also doubt it will have an influence . 
  i guess most of them also grow up at some point and ( try to ) get jobs and learn that employers prefer employees who can speak in full sentences . 
  i know they are annoying when learning german , but i also think that they ( as indicators of the cases ) allow a lot of creativity . 
  like in a poem you can leave out words or change the word order and it still makes sense . 
  so i am a little bit torn ... 
  i do n't know any arabic or slavic words that we use . 
  but some teenagers ( with no immigration background ) started to speak like their friends who do have immigration background . 
  they drop the article ( `` gehen wir kino '' ) or even talk like they completely forgot any grammar . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.at/amp/s/amp.welt.de/amp/wissenschaft/article3800025/alter-isch-schwoer-dir-isch-mach-dich-messer.html ) is a funny ( german ) article about it . 
  i remember talking about the merseburger zauberspr\u00fcche from the 9th century . 
  we only talked about that part though : b\u00ean zi b\u00eana , bluot zi bluoda , lid zi geliden , s\u00f4se gel\u00eemida s\u00een . 
  i hardly know anyone who does not own a tv . 
  it is usually easier to agree with my bf on a movie that 's on tv right now than have to full choice of the internet . 
  he also uses it for his play station and he watches a lot of sports . 
  we also have netflix and amazon on our tv . 
  no the s\u00e4chsisch-speaking , schnitzel-mit-so\u00dfe-eating kind of german . 
  i think i am a masochist . 
  i hardly notice accents anymore . 
  i would not be able to cope otherwise . 
  but we are just another bundesland , do n't you understand ? 
  i am going to marry one of them  but i absolutely know what you are talking about . 
  we know a lot about germany , because of the media etc. 
  but the germans often do not return that favor . 
  for me it has a lot to do with the fact that for example when i began to study , more than 80 % of my colleagues were germans . 
  and no i did not go to germany . 
  or the ignorance regarding our shared language . 
  not every austrian word is dialect . 
  we actually have our own hochdeutsch and our own dictionary . 
  it 's pretty annoying being treated as a second bavaria when we really are n't . 
  oh i doubt that . 
  there are soap operas in every country , they are worse , 
  there are so many british movies or books that i love . 
  downtown abbey , pride and prejudice , midsummer murders , lewis , sherlock holmes , miss marple , etc. . . 
  seems like you know how to make great detective stories . 
  but the [ uniforms ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/4f/4d/28/4f4d28c74f75d7284ca57b2c2c6f582a.jpg ) are the ugliest i have ever seen, 
  i can understand why you dislike making out altough i feel that my dislike is not enough reason to restrict other people . 
  but by your logic breastfeeding is sexual abuse . 
  if breasts are always sexual then that 's the logical conclusion . 
  this is a very complicated question , because we are talking about a lot of `` what ifs '' . 
  i think interventions are sometimes necessary . 
  altough not one country alone should make that decision . 
  i think the un should handle that . 
  there should never be a war because of economic interests ( like oil ) or started under false pretenses ( iraq ) . 
  the us has probably helped create those terrorists they claim to fight now . 
  and i fear that the recent actions will have the same effect . 
  so less interventions might actually be more effective . 
  i actually find it a little bit confusing . 
  there are some subs with anti-trump posts and then anti-immigration comments . 
  so it is not that easy . 
  when the immigration crisis was at its worst i had to leave some subs because it was unbearable . 
  now there are quite a lot of anti-trump posts . 
  so i guess it is not that easy to determine wether a sub ist right or left wing . 
  damn it that took me a whole day to understand !, 
  at first i thought i used that incorrectly . 
  i guess i am not as clever as i thought i am . 
  haha i did not know that show but somehow i knew that song ... no idea why . 
  [ biene maja ] ( https://youtu.be/65fms-ehkla ) [ bibi blocksberg ] ( https://youtu.be/ofluvsasmhi ), 
  btw that you speak some german should definitely get you some brownie points . 
  even if many will answer in english , most people appreciate the effort . 
  i really doubt that you will get more racist comments than in the us . 
  i mean the us is not really known for its friendliness towards different races either . 
  no one can guarantee that you wo n't run into some assholes . 
  but in general you should be fine . 
  i just wanted to make you aware that apparently germans stare . 
  at everyone . 
  does not mean anything though . 
  and we treat topics like race and racism etc differently here . 
  it might sound a little bit insensitive or even racist some times ( e.g. 
  but when in doubt try to see it as cultural difference and not as something that was said or done with malicious intent . 
  yeah one hand would automatically cover my bag to make sure that no one is using that as an opportunity to steal . 
  definitely sts : [ gro\u00dfvater ] ( https://youtu.be/g6muwrzaygu ) , so hard not to cry and of course our unofficial anthem [ i am from austria ] ( https://youtu.be/kmsa_xb2h5u ) more modern but i ca n't listen to it without singing along [ ham kummst ] ( https://youtu.be/gwgistpkcdk ), 
  i think quite a lot of people share political post etc on facebook , but you should really be careful . 
  you could easily start a fight or lose some friends . 
  getting fired for only your political opinion is not legal . 
  but like others said insults , speaking negatively of your job or even breaking the law is a reason to be fired afaik .
