  nii on . 
  i 'm actually just afraid that if people keep bringing this subject to more light and so forth , more youngsters might start thinking of themselves as gay , while they might have not been . 
  what i mean by that : if you 're gay - go ahead , it 's your life and nobody should have any say over it whatsoever and discrimination is cruel . 
  but all these gay surveys , gay parades , gay pride all that shit might , and probably has , turned a lot of non-gay people who had no gay intuition - gay . 
  is that right tho ? 
  i mean , should n't we start parading all the time go penis and vagina ! . 
  if there was as much as attention on being heterosexual i 'd imagine a lot of gay people might start thinking the same : maybe i 'm not gay and should try the opposite sex . 
  final point being . 
  allow gays to be gays but stop propagating that shit to youngsters and let them decide for themselves instead of forcing them to read all about gayness from the media and planting thoughts like that into their minds . 
  you 're gay ? 
  fine , i do n't care - be . 
  but in all fairness ( and probably a shitton of downvotes and hate ) - penis and vagina were still made to be together . 
  i breathe dark humour . 
  keira knightley in pirates of the caribbian , in a weird way . . 
  your username is weird . 
   put them in camps where they are until you can determine who they are . 
  you could also put them on trains and send them to siberia , i 'm sure russia would n't mind . 
  another s/olution would be to send them to those warm fuzzy ovens in poland . 
  you got ta love a good clickbait tho otherwise you 're not a reliable new/s source , 
  personally : i just do n't give a fuck . 
  seriously i do not give a single , atomic width of a fuck , who fucks who and who gets what . 
  i am against discrimination do n't get me wrong but holy shit just stop with the surveys , stop ... just stop . 
  edit : i have nothing against gays and people who do should be punished . 
  stop the hate - i 'm just bringing out a perspective from a heterosexual guy who is tired of the discussion . 
  we get it , you 're gay and i 'm fine with it . 
  and as to discrimination - new trend is to give equal rights around all the globe - it just takes time . 
  that 's just murderous . . 
  if you put it like that i guess obesity is a huge issue in the states . 
  mostly snapchat takes the bulk of it - stories . 
  also instagram pictures and videos . 
  besides those - picture filled media outlets take a lot etc, 
  the only real cost is buying and setting up the hardware and maintaining it once in a while . 
  but they will milk those radio waves as much as they can since the maintenance cost between selling 1gb and 1000gb is virtually non-existent . 
  so basically that means that the price will be even more jacked up for consumers ? 
  i traveled to germany last summer , cant remember the exact prices but it was around like 300 mb for 5 euros or something like that . 
   the bloc agreed to cap wholesale mobile data prices at $ 7.70 per gigabyte from june 15 , decreasing to $ 6 as of january 1 , 2018 . 
  the fees will slide to $ 4.5 per gigabyte in 2019 , $ 3.5 in 2020 , $ 3 in 2021 and then to $ 2.5 in 2022 , kumpula-natri 's office said . 
  ~ ~ so it 's still way too expensive ~ ~ i pay 12 $ for 15 gigs of data 15mbit down and 5 up ( a month ) . 
  i wish that i could just keep using my already bought data while roaming as well . 
  i 'll fill up a gigabyte with one day of social media while travelling easy . 
  ~ ~ tho i 'm already more content with the 2022 prices - considering inflation as well ~ ~  edit : read the second comment, 
  this will divert a lot from it . 
  good old fashioned usa usa usa usa usa shitego, 
  please go away ^ ^ here 's ^ ^ my ^ ^ upvote ^ ^ tho . . 
  oh boy , here we go . 
  this is actually happening . 
  i think i 've been in sort of a denial but having a date kind of solidifies things , does n't it . . 
  it 's definitely british . 
  e : before any more downvotes please be kind and watch the last 2 episodes of the grand tour . 
  it 's an compliment , not an insult . 
  smh :(, 
  seems like your knowledge base starts from the time when the states actually got bombed to shit in pearl harbor and started to give a fuck about the war . 
  go read some books and try to subside your usa usa usa usa ego and come back to me when you 've put into perspective who contributed the most overcoming the nazi regime . 
  i like it how the big countries have huge mountains with snowy peaks and then the baltics have a flat landscape with some forests on it . 
  mostly russians did that but i guess the american education system fails to mention that  also i can see no correlation between ww2 and medieval castles , except you being salty . 
  i 've been there . 
  truly amazing, 
  it kind of puts into perspective how much the eu will lose from brexit also . 
  instead of one graph i had to witness my country suck on 8 graphs . . 
  salty russian alert, 
  lol, 
  and in comes mr. ducky trump and cancels out all the sanctions and slowly reversing the effects of sanctions that have been slapped on them due to their crimes in ~ ~ bulgaria ~ ~ ( lol ) ukraine . 
  i for one am glad to see the sanctions work and wish they continue until russia admits to breaking the minsk contract and gives back crimea . 
  edit : wrong country lul, 
  bitche , you know nothing , it spread its gates like a modern drunk girl . 
  the sidebar showing the hectares of forests is highly misleading tho . 
  it should show percentages , not hectares because smaller countries with more forestation ( like estonia ) shows as a little dot , but actually we 're at 52 % . 
  our forest percentage stands around 50 % ( estonia ) . 
  and it 's amazing to be honest . 
  the air is really clean . 
  from times when i 've visited more populated areas in the west , i swear i could smell the difference . 
  this is one of the reasons as well why i love the eu . 
  besides being an economical power , eu highly supports forestation and the environment . 
  i hope uk will continue to plant forests after brexit . 
  from what i 've seen then people on reddit tend to be generally more intelligent than your average joe who does n't surf the web as much as a redditor does . 
  henceforth ( from what i 've seen ) , no matter the public opinions on reddit , it never correlates with the actual opinion of the country . 
  did n't say it does n't matter . 
  just said that its such a irrelevant sum in the total budget :p principles count of course . 
  it says on our official defence webpage that we 've been doing our part since 2012 . 
  also tbh , 0.05 % of our contribution is not even pocket change for the entire nato budget . 
  we have remained committed since we joined . 
  and i agree that rest of the countries who are slacking at the moment are , well , just slackers . 
  but all we can do is frown upon them . 
  i 'm advocating peace not warmongering . 
  we 've had a functioning military since our independence . 
  again - wrap it around your head . 
  it would n't matter if we 'd spend 5-10-15 % . 
  we 're still too small and instead of wasting money on old military tech ( because we cant afford new tech , we 're just that poor ) , we should try to get our country 's economic power to the same level as the western countries . 
  we 've had a functioning military since when we regained our independence . 
  still does n't change the fact that russia is just that much bigger that there 's not much we can do with our 1 million estonians . 
  to be fair before that things were a lot more calmer as well ( estonian speaking ) . 
  and imho it makes sense that during times when the tensions are n't high and anyone is n't waving their fist , you should n't pour money into the military , specially when your economy shit already and the people are poor . 
  i wish we could take that down to 0 % . 
  edit : and take into consideration that our nation is small as fuck , it would n't matter if we 'd spend 5 , 10 , 15 % , we 'd still lose . 
  edit2 : the next time you pull false data out of your ass please be kind to tell , we 've been paying our 2 % since 2012 . 
  edit3 : apparently there 's a lot of conflicting information out there . 
  i wish you the very best with that , i truly do !, 
  it 'll never happen brah . 
  i 'd kinda support it as well , but at least in the near 200-300 years , not going to happen . 
  although it would help the economy , this will never happen .
