  there needs to be another option where countries can maintain their sovereignty and yet have a good , collaborating and a unifying politics within the eu . 
  europe needs a change tho . 
  i think the current climate will prompt that . 
  people need to stop thinking that leaving the union is going to make things better . 
  trying to bring about positive changes within the union will make things better . 
  quitting is not a solution and i see this sort of mindset more and more . 
  people support the eu but those who do n't , still do n't want to leave it , but wish for a change . 
  change will happen . 
  eu will grow and adapt with it . 
  this in inherently increase prices tho . 
  lat me out goddammit dave, 
  moscow is a city ... 
  i am oddly proud at the moment . 
  height does n't really matter in terms of forestation does it now . 
  ( besides the fact , that mountains ca n't support a forest that is ) . 
  i noticed this as well . 
  estonia , of which current territory is nearly 50 % contained of forests , one would expect - forests . 
  ca n't complain though - relative to the rest of the europe , we 're just a flat piece of land . 
  other than that , amazing map . 
  it 's hypertextpreprocessor ... 
  what do you think php stands for , 
  i am . 
  netherlands never stood a chance , did they . 
  oh i 'm still jealous of the uk do n't get me wrong . 
  strong country . 
  independent . 
  estonians rely on them and that etc . . 
  i 'm just finding your political state funny at the moment . 
  does n't still change the fact that estonia is a little splat on the earth and the uk is actually relevant . 
  that statement would undoubtedly throw an error exception . 
  : ddddd hahahaha . . yeah : ddd, 
  while ( russia ) { if ( $ kbg.agent ( ) . genocide ( ) ) { $ kgb.agent ( ) . declare ( `` soviet hero '' ) ; } }, 
  i can have an intelligent debate if i 'd like to . 
  the thing is that the whole brexit drama is funny as shit and since i 'm just an ordinary software developer , not a politician , there really is no point of having an intelligent debate here on reddit about anything lmao . 
  i wish the brits the very best , but damned be those who oppose us , regular citizens , of laughing over their immense self-inflicted wounds . 
  register for estonian e-citizenship and get like 50 gigs lte speeds around 25 $ . 
  but another thing with the eu roaming is that you ca n't use all of the data in other countries - https://imgur.com/a/9pkap . 
  interneti kiirus means speed , piiramatu means unlimited . 
  and the `` eu r\u00e4ndluses '' means how much you can use outside of estonia . 
  ( k\u00f5neminutid means free minutes to speak ) . 
  prices are listed on the side . 
  hehehehehe . 
  this nothin ' but funny from the outside e : people seriously need to take a breather and cool the fuck off, 
  on his way to buying a lambo, 
  fixed . 
  you 're absolutely 100 % right . 
  kelluke is ~ ~ the ~ ~ shit bro ~ ~ it 's like sprite but better ~ ~ , tartu lemonade is much better, 
  spice is shit . 
  never in your life do it again . 
  it 's not a joke , it 's synthetic shit made up in a lab which can seriously harm you . 
  just stick to regular normal-grown marijuana . 
  fuck off 1g in estonia is 20 euros . 
  fuck you and fuck our fucking government for supporting crime mobs with providing them millions with marijuana sales . 
  also the reason weed is a `` gateway '' drug - you get your weed from a shady guy who occasionally asks `` yo do u want something stronger brah '', 
  i 've got this feeling that the negotiations will fall flat to its ass and the uk will start playing by the wto rules and maybe in 5 years can do a deal with the eu . 
  right now looking at the progress i do n't think a reasonable deal could be brokered under 2 years . 
  thing is they cant and even if they can they still need the physical estonian identification card to make actions for people . 
  but let me stress this : they really cant . 
  if they hacked usa/france so easily ( assuming its true ) , why have n't they attacked us ? 
  we 've been using it for years . 
  e : before u all come down with the russian cyber attacks replies , we survived and learned in the process . 
  only when i order food on my phone with the swedbank/tellitoit app , do 5 clicks , pay and then see on google maps how my food taxi arrives . 
  i do everything online , yes . 
  taxes , ordering/managing regular citizen documents , sign documents , get prescriptions , vote . 
  exactly . 
  digital harassing around is a lot more difficult than people seem to realize . 
  encryption within the card and outer databases is so fucking hard to crack . 
  until someone gets to quantum computing , encryption done properly is almost impossible to crack , moreover on a large scale . 
  good luck trying to steal estonians id cards on a large scale . 
  lmao brah the eu is literally the best place to live in . 
  usa will drop out of being a superpower within a generation because your healtcare is shit , general eating culture is shit , education is beyond shit considering the middle-lower class people ... your comment seriously made me giggle hahah , thanks :d, 
  probably during 9th-13th century there was a lot of moving around within the baltic sea . 
  it was easy to sail across and settle ( opposed to sailing/travelling west ) . 
  i bet a lot of estonians sailed willingly to the great sweden as well , looking for a better life . 
  just not in that magnitude as vice versa ( maybe combining lv/lt we can almost reach the same numbers ) . 
  i 've met some of these local swedes , i think it was in * kihnu * / * abruka * , ca n't remember the islands name , they were swell guys . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  estonians due to the shitty geopolitical position , are a mixed culture . 
  there is no such thing anymore as a pure blood * estonian * , unfortunately , if there ever was ( if there ever * has * been in the entire world - one could say we all share a same ancestor anyway throughout the world , lucy ) . 
  we ( me at least and my acquaintances ) usually do n't define our people by their dna . 
  more like shared ideological views , * some * common ancestry within our borders . 
  i have a friend from the middle-east who ran away from there with his family when he was small . 
  he 's now more estonian than i consider some , who have born here . 
  he shares our values , our language ( top notch , no accent whatsoever ) and has placed his roots firmly on the ground here . 
  with all the occupations estonia has faced i 'm actually really surprised that our language and culture still exists . 
  probably a few decades or more of russian occupation and i think our language and people would have been erased . 
  i was n't angry , just surprised that someone would call our heritage a project by the swedes ( `` oh lets found * estonia * '' ) . 
  of course we have close ties with them and are connected . 
  every neighbouring country in the world is connected with its neighbours . 
  as to your sources ( skimmed though them ) . 
  according to the first wiki page , there are 300 * estonian swedes * . 
  for example we have thousand times more russians . 
  does that mean that the russians founded modern estonia ? 
  hell naw man . 
  they did n't * found * shit . 
  they occupied and forced their culture upon us . 
  swedes have raided us during viking times and iirc we raided them even more when they were busy focusing on newly discovered * west * . 
  they 've occupied our islands , yes . 
  but occupation again does not * found * a country nor does it create new a culture/a _ whole_country . 
  culture , heritage and national pride comes over centuries of people developing together on a piece of land .
