  i wonder what 's the answer of anarchism to outsider culture that has no intention to follow their ideals and has no trouble to use same old organized violence to get others to do what they want . 
  i think terrorism could be used here , but i think there should be a term for terrorism where it 's not about the intent of the actor but resulted terror nevertheless . 
  if groups from right would use the footage and photos in their video to make the population worry and therefore hoping that they vote for the groups such as themselves that oppose these rioting leftists , would n't it actually be sort of terrorism ? 
  and no i do n't mean that the groups on the right would be the terrorists either , but the situation itself where the act of vandalism turns into terrorism via public reception . 
  pretty hard for anarchists to police those anarchists that decide to be assholes i bet . 
  kinda comes with the idea , or what 's the difference in the modern states and options if not ? 
   telling anyone in germany or canada that you 're far right not everyone is that suicidical or stupid . 
  and let 's just ignore everything that obama and bush set up for trump to use . 
  kinda ironic that the person with eu flair does ' t understand or pretends to not understand what common effort means . 
  because most of / r/europe is very patriotic/loyal but for the federation instead of nation . 
  for that nationalism is seen as an insider threat and the refugee/immigration crisis is an external threat . 
  and it 's fine , personally i think trump with his bully attitude forces eu to sort themselves out as we do n't expect to us do everything for us unlike with charismatic but spineless obama with his nobel peace price . 
  this sub is often just pretty extreme point of view for the attitudes described above , but i find it understandable . 
  guilt from dealing with nazis , eugenics , that kind of stuff . 
  so , method actor ? 
  when au pairing takes a dark turn . 
  humans got to the moon surprisingly fast when there was a reason to get there . 
  it 's all about that motivation . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  terrorism can and has been used as a tool of revenge . 
  it just means that it can be the motivation for the attack instead of religious , political or other reasons . 
  yeah , color of the skin has definitely protected people like justin trudeau and donald trump from mockery after they 've said stupid shit . 
  i bet may , merkel , macron and the rest too has this magical barrier of white privilege . 
  somebody stop the damn match !, 
   `` but almost all muslims are moderate , we only have to worry about isis and jihadists which is a very small minority ! '', 
  yeah and do n't dare to speak harshly about them or they radicalize , gear up and proceed to go on a rampage like any normal citizen appreciating the country they live in . 
  you know , it 's very hard to believe in this theory of radicalization when no other group seems to do the same amount of militant reaction . 
  i do n't see christians , blacks , white men or any other group that gets shit on them on daily basis on media or has been shit on during the last couple of decades to do these kinds of attacks . 
  not on the same scale muslims tend to do , even if you take the occasional shootings into account . 
  all you need really . 
  suomi perkele = when finland scores perkele suomi = when finland fucks up, 
   anyway , on the outside finland may seem like a pretty sterile place and finnish people might seem outwardly antisocial , but i felt like i got to scratch of soft underbelly of the country and see the people when they let their guard down . 
   i can only recall learning two finnish words : perkele and suomi . 
  it 's because you learned the magic words . 
  propably the artist was just lazy and used an existing image for the cover . 
  maybe this is just your iron curtain phase ? 
  i 'd love to see uk do something like that just to witness the amount of heads blowing of people realizing how moderate trump was on comparison with his executive orders . 
  and now we need a finnish inquisition with a higher bodycount just to get on the top of the charts . 
   step 3 funny thing about pics like these is that it can be flipped around with ease . 
  so all guns should be banned and every gun owner put on a list to prevent gun related deaths , but there 's no connection whatsoever between muslims and islamic terrorist attacks ... 
  if a crackdown will only radicalize muslims , what do you think happens when you do the same to people owning guns ? 
  i 'm just kidding , you ca n't compare gun owners and people of certain religion like that . 
  typical moderate gun owner does n't silently support mass shootings and death for jews and homosexuals . 
  did n't really help with ukraine now did it ? 
  i doubt russia will stop using the tactic that worked if they decide to invade nato or eu-country , they will rely on the fact that the eastern europe can not trust the western europe to help reliably and that most of the europe relies on us in the case of war . 
  `` yeah could you wait couple of months , we need to buy an army for ourselves thanks . '', 
  as a kid my first reaction to learning about spelling contests in simpsons was that they would be pretty boring in finland . 
  just to add , peas and strawberries are very popular summer snacks . 
  related https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/may_you_live_in_interesting_times, 
  i do every year , trust me it helps but it does n't stop the reaction . 
   mosquitos only thing to make it better is to be allergic/oversensitive to their stings ... 
  i 'd say kill me , but the mosquitos already try their best every year . 
  nuclear winter fucking when ? 
  if anything , voting for status quo to continue and not one that is n't the extreme option but does enough to take of wind from populist sails may have just strenghtened populists in future votings . 
  clearly syria since only the men seem to leave it . 
  tbh i could see that exactly same sign used in anti-eu protests . 
  that 's my point about the existence of multiple cultures and why it wo n't work like modern people want to , especially when it 's tried to be hastened with mass immigrations and such . 
  e : to clarify , those provinces were basically small nations ( made their own nation ) , then sweden and russia came with their crusades and carved us up . 
  swedes destroyed our local pagan cultures as much as they could to replace it with their christianity , formal language was swedish and latin when talking about church and so on , pretty common story for every conquered nation . 
  then , hundreds of years later russians annexed us from swedes and we almost [ lost third of our population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_during_the_great_northern_war ) . 
  when finland was finally formed as a sovereign nation , stalin tried to annex us again and would 've done to us what was done to baltics most likely . 
  it 's just interpreting the argument in really bad faith . 
  refusing to help the refugees over the mediterranean would stop the boats and especially the method of intentionally sinking them so that the patrol ships need to save the passengers . 
  i believe this argument is usually backed up with australia 's policy and what happened to their smuggler boats . 
  and that 's where the `` so you want to just let them drown is that it ?! '', 
  comes in . 
  well , we are now letting them drown by assisting smugglers and their horrible method of doing their business . 
  mine is that rarely two or more cultures that are clearly different from each other can co-exist . 
  their clash will create suffering , tensions and tribalism until violence breaks out . 
  then the conflict will continue until one culture remains and others are either destroyed or forced to assimilate . 
  this has nothing to do with skin color though , multiple ethnicities can live and have coexisted throughout mankind 's history . 
  different cultures can influence each other from afar through trade and such and the ethnicities can mix and change over time too , but it wo n't work if the change and cultural shifts are too fast . 
  another `` natural '' way is that they filter through the nations and cultures in between so that the ones most different get most of their contact from the ones that are more similar to their owns but get small influence of the more different cultures those have interacted with over time . 
  e : one example of this would be finland 's provinces which were basically the different `` tribes '' we had before finland was a single nation . 
  easther provinces have clear influence and connection to cultures from russia , while west coast has swedish influence . 
  yet they are clearly all finnish provinces , even if they can be pretty different from each other because of their neighboring countries and the cultural influence that passed through them . 
  well of course it just means that australians really hate boats . 
  makes sense considering their history . 
  going through these threads made me realize how mirror images of each other some things are in politics . 
  trying to influence other country 's election through leaking documents is acceptable when we do it , also do n't believe those fake news your country is filled with while our are the only believable ones . 
  politican x acting like a total and complete dick is danger to us all , but politican y is just bantering and showing those idiots living in their echo chambers where they belong . 
  in other instance politican y is a _ phobe or a fucking _ ist for his remarks about this subject , while politican x is just triggering those sensitive snowflakes . 
  and before anyone starts , i 'm not taking a high horse of holy centrism/neutrality here , i agree on many sides on different subjects while despise them for others and naturally prefer only the news and places that enforce my opinions . 
  it was just very surreal to see the exactly same talking points with only the names changing . 
  it 's time for the pax finlandia , obviously . 
  jokes aside yeah english has a very strong grip of lingua franca atm . 
  what i meant was the idea that eu would start to force language like french or german out of spite because of the whole brexit-ordeal . 
  i guess because english has a much larger sphere of influence than the nation itself . 
  i 'm certain many countries like finland are horrified with what the title implies . 
  our language to deal with other countries is definitely english , swedish is very niche even if it 's the second official language and the last time german or russian were any importance was before ww2 . 
  no bad tactics , only bad targets . 
  i also enjoy the fact that people let the `` banter '' pass when it comes from the side they agree with . 
  any other time , it 's shills , nation x-trolls , trumplets , putin 's puppets etc. 
  pretty much the only threads i check from / r/europe tbh . 
  they were in the end , however they got to power on the first place because folks like antifa with their own violence gave them all the reasons and support of the population to do so . 
  and kill all the families of those that were found in the vicinity of the protests/riots . 
  kinda ironic that you demand others to return into their `` safe space '' while getting upset of others having different opinions . 
  that 's the lesson that imo should be learned from the world wars and other recent conflicts having mass murders and genocided involved . 
  it 's not some demon possession going down where these evil evil people crawl out of their hiding places , overthrow the government and turn it into a mordor . 
  the nazis were n't some infernal legion marching from hell to destroy the world , neither were turks , japs , russians , the list goes on .
