  so yes , an evil madman . 
  not really . 
  i mean `` heaven '' would be going too far , but certainly it 's more understood and accepted if you 're not social and talkative . 
  imo it depends if france or germany already had populists in charge ? 
  we had true finns pretty early on and they worked as a release valve for most frustrations and then showed how little they actually were willing to do . 
  i 'd imagine the damage would be much worse if this year would be the first for conservative populists to be gunning for the government . 
  should n't it be more sad realization that lgbt people have to go for far right to get any help ? 
  should be easy for the righteous people on the left and centre to do something about it , right ? 
  far right is n't pushing htemselves as the saviours of the lgbt , it 's the rest of the political spectrum pushing people in desperation to seek help from them as a lesser evil . 
  i welcome these unpopular opinions already after reading the reactions in this thread . 
  neither is `` tens of thousands '' . 
  yes . 
  we have words from swedish , german , russian and now english from the top of my mind . 
  german was also the more often learned language before english got global . 
  they switched sides to get there . 
  same reason why finland does n't get shit on for being ally of germany . 
  it was enough that you were on the `` right team '' when the game was over . 
  are these based on political cartoons or are they just invented for the carneval ? 
  because some of them are damn clever . 
  i 'd still prefer nordic countries as they were for the last couple of decades and not as nordic ireland . 
  there 's some dark humor on this , especially when comparing to all those articles that were upvoted here in the frontpage just earlier . 
  never heard this one before , but have heard the english and japanese ones too . 
  i actually agree , that german intro is fucking badass . 
  e : i just love listening different dubs and i always appreciate ones that have great passion put in them . 
  usually i like older finnish dubs such as our [ genie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjhczhxsslo ) or [ frollo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-7h4u3dyeq ) , but despite not understanding the words i appreciate the similar amount of quality put into the german one . 
  that 's the only one i never saw all episodes of when i was a kid . 
  :( surprisingly hard to find , or i 'm just looking from the wrong places . 
  the buildup and the reveal scene is like horror film 101 . 
  thanks japan !, 
  `` less scary '' the first and the 4th pics would be absolute nightmare fuel for the kid-me . 
  that 's not the thing i want to spot in the dark , no sir . 
  i also love her illustrations for the hobbit . 
  the original moomins had very adult themes . 
  my favourite quote comes from the moomintroll with a hangover : [ `` how one can be thirsty after drinking the whole night ? 
  '' ] ( http://img1.mun.playforia.net/usergallery/1589395/2730.jpg ), 
  kids moving away from the parents when the go to college while in the south it 's very common to have a strong connection untill quite late in life ) i 'd say we lost that tradition mostly when the country modernized and people moved to cities . 
  on the countryside you can still see here and there the families where the owner takes care of their grandparents which in turn assists with the kids etc in the house . 
   naboo has some real `` bad dudes '' . 
  gungangs alone are a good reason to build planet-destroying superweapons . 
  durge did nothing wrong , gungan genocide best day of my life !, 
  no surprise really when the sub 's main identity seems to be based around the european identity instead of national one . 
  i wait for the moment when they realize that they just set up all these nice tools for the people they try to deny at the moment . 
  must be great when those pesky populists can remove all the fake news that contradicts their claims . 
  i 'm sure russia agrees with you . 
  if that 's really the case , then half of europe is under occupation right now . 
  the only republican part of trump is the skin of it he 's wearing after flaying them . 
  republicans/gop were more against trump than democrats in the beginning since democrats saw him as an easy win . 
  also because trump tends to be more left/liberal on some policies than their hardline . 
  i do n't know man , those angry fits and his tendency to wear militaristic uniforms got me worried ... 
  populists are a release valve that helps with the building tensions in country . 
  i 'd rather get something like our finns party than what would 've tried if we would 've blocked all the anger swelling under the surface until 2017 . 
  if we would 've taken the attitude of 2010-2015 to the laters immigration crisis , i bet we would 've voted donald duck to rule if possible as a protest vote . 
  i want to believe that taking the populist while they are still at max incompetent or/and turncoats stops more totalitarian populists that follow . 
  i 'd also hope that the finns party win was a wake up-call for the more left leaning parts of our country to start some reforms and stop pushing the general population towars the right . 
  based on brexit and trump i doubt that will happen anytime soon in europe overall . 
  yes , because finland has never done anything for the sake of eu and just wants it 's protection . 
   in the end the only difference between russia and a federal eu is that one of them hates gays . 
  second one too if or when the demographics shift enough . 
  hell , good luck trying to make half of europe change their attitudes and religion with brute force from germany or brussels . 
  for shooting at retreating finns . 
  and since they 're smaller than mosquitoes , they get through protection designed against mosquitoes and horseflies . 
  i would n't be surprised if they did n't care about smoke and other repellents either . 
   she won by a whopping 2.1 % of the popular vote ... in a system where you need to win the actual states , not one city with million or two of more people than the rest . 
  how many votes hillary lost when she passed out in the 9/11-memorial and the video of her getting dragged in the car spread ? 
  how many votes she lost more when her pr could n't decide the official story for it happening and spread multiple contradicting explanations ? 
  how many votes hillary lost by declaring half of the country as deplorables ? 
  oh god , ca n't unsee it . 
  hitler also tried armed uprising before that and was jailed for it ... and had brownshirts enforcing his will with violence . 
  if anything , people hunting down and beating trump supporters after the election was more similar to those images , if we insist on comparing these two events . 
   donald trump is the consequence of russian influence , maybe , but is also the natural consequence of democracy 's dependence on our very nature . 
  it 's also consequence of trump 's opposition ignoring the warning signs throughout the years and pop - and msm media helping them to build the false image about the modern us society . 
  holy projection , batman !, 
  so , basically [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/3c/a2/08/3ca20821b64d2e6d2b5f4378dbf07a21.gif ) ? 
  it surely does , just not in the population that western feminists want it to exist ... 
  it was n't before reddit made new donald-specific rules for it that they enforce , or else there would n't be all the tiny anti-subs for it . 
  in your example the_donald would be in charge of those rules . 
  not in the same role , but they are still very nasty if you put some missiles on them against ships and planes . 
  even more so than before in some instances . 
  yes , \u00c5lands islands are demilitarized zone . 
  also pretty much the first place to get occupied if shit hits the fan because of their strategic importance . 
   the ussr was just another capitalist state . 
  and the 3rd reich was just another socialist state , right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the standard definition in russian dictionary . 
  is there any issue where eu can present united front ? 
   edit : personally , i think we ( usa ) should offer to pay the divorce bill , just to end this distraction . 
  people would still manage to twist that into trump trying to divide and conquer europe & uk . 
  new ~ ~ better ~ ~ european , according to national geographic . 
  sisu is only served cold . 
  try to get every last drop of him in the plastic bag , so that he does n't miss anything important when we refreeze him . 
  poor guy !, 
  also gb and france and such had no desire to start a war over most of the countries that are considered eastern european . 
  russia/soviet union would 've had pretty much the same `` free '' annexes hitler had , if not even more . 
  it was going to be a fight with fascism of communism no matter what . 
  with no nazis , it would 've been against the soviet union and the countries it influenced as happened later with cold war , only that stalin would 've had the time to do what he wanted with europe without needing to worry about germany . 
  do n't worry , trains find any excuse to fail here . 
  original people moving in were hunter-gatherers which is quite sustainable here with low population density . 
  also close to zero natural disasters and i 'd imagine that the old forests and swamps were a great barrier against big armies roaming around the neighbouring countries . 
  of course after we got agriculture and other similar development , many of the problems you think kicked in . 
  e : too slow, 
  you can change that quickly by paying a visit to / r/politics .
