ahvenanmaa is one shitty tutorial level i tell you what . 
  and once again varusteleka is supplying them . 
  i 'd say so too . 
  you can still see it , but the country recovered surprisingly fast back to functional state because we simply had to . 
  it 's still trauma in national history , but without winter war i would say finnish people would be much more split at the moment . 
  this . 
  nowadays it 's not as strong as it used to be , but sometimes people see things as reds and whites . 
  that civil war was really , really nasty business . 
  the only reason we have recovered from it pretty well is that the soviet attack united the people over time . 
  dunno , ak is pretty damn reliable rifle when it 's used in harsh conditions . 
  maybe not pinpoint accurate on longer distances , but at least you can fire the gun instead of dying with the dismantled rifle on your lap . 
  did the japanese invade them for copyright infringement ? 
  you take that back right now !, 
  edit : personally i think that finlandia is better than maamme . 
  do you happen to remember the name of it ? 
  you got my curiosity . 
  first russian `` peacekeepers '' wearing finnish gloves and now this . 
  clearly we aim to profit from both sides !, 
  you have a point , but you assume that nato will always be in the same strength it is now or that pax americana will be stable thing . 
  joining nato could be wise now , but i 'll try to think this on the long run . 
  usa needs only one big inner conflict and pax americana and nato will shake . 
  in that situation interest of protecting small and irrelevant countries in nato will be gone and finland finds itself next to the country it pissed off by installing some missiles to its border . 
  eh , i would n't be so sure . 
  i bet russia is more ready to re-visit baltics than american people are ready to defend them like they would be part of the usa . 
  maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , maybe not in hundred years . 
  i do n't know , seems kinda bad deal to get utterly destroyed in the process . 
  right now we have very little strategic importance for russia as anything else than buffer zone , if we are part of nato that changes . 
  edit : i mean if we go that far that russia and nato starts to fling nukes at each other , i 'd rather keep a low profile . 
  yeah and very attractive country for tactical missile strikes from russia in case of war . 
  i 'd prefer the good old occupation , thank you . 
  the thing with finnish paganism is that finland as one nation did n't exist before kalevala and the 19th century . 
  before that , finland was made of different [ tribes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns#subdivisions ) that all had their own believes and traditions and one could even say that languages because of very different dialects . 
  for tavastian , karelians were as much as `` outsiders '' as russians or swedes and vice versa . 
  now , considering this , elias l\u00f6nnrot gathered most of the stories and folklore from eastern finland . 
  i hope you understand that kalevala is only part of old finnish mythology and folklore , we have had tons of same and different stories in different parts of finland that l\u00f6nnrot did n't record . 
  what happens in kalevala in story happens before jesus christ of course , but those songs were only created after we were already mostly christians . 
  it is possible of course that if l\u00f6nnrot did n't create that part himself , that they are heritage passed down generations about the swedish and russian crusades . 
  it is story of our ancestors how our religion was replaced by another , stronger religion . 
  ancient finns were very stubborn to keep their pagan believes , but our conquerors were also very determined to convert us , with steel and fire if necessary . 
  it 's important to separate kalevala and finnisn paganism from each other . 
  as kalevala is national epic written in 19th century , l\u00f6nrot indeed gathered old poetry and songs but he also altered them and left some out to give kalevala a coherent story . 
  for example , i think we still know at least 3 different stories left that describe the creation of the world . 
  i 'm just mentioning what i remember and it 's been years since i 've read kalevala so i might be totally wrong too . 
  i just remember that at least the role of v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen is different in the version kalevala uses compared to the `` original '' ones . 
  thanks for the link , i 'll gladly check it out !, 
   it even predicted the birth of jesus chris i think it just describes how christianity replaced our old beliefs and i 'm pretty sure that was something l\u00f6nnrot inserted in the story . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/p8p91hevacy?t=11m33s ), 
  around finns the ice is thin !, 
  http://terminallance.com/2010/08/06/terminal-lance-56-myths-and-legends-ii-the-dependapotamus/ there is no such thing as too `` ugly '' or `` fat '' or `` old '' woman when it comes to soldiers . 
  he 's just using the reverse psychology . 
  now everyone needs to say that it was n't genocide because everything russia ever does is evil and wrong and should be opposed . 
  that pic triggered me . 
  i can hear them make it stop it 's till months till they come, 
  it also yet again sets an example that `` cutting icky parts here and there really is n't that bad '' . 
   ex-communist states sending a token bus of troops xcom in real life , then . 
  nah , you just need another bird to take down the baddies . 
  falcons should do . 
  ... so , [ carry on as usual ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rdwxeag.png?2 ) ? 
  it is progress , people just sometimes forget that progress is n't always positive . 
  cancer progresses too , for example . 
   tranny of the masses it fixes it or else it gets the bans again . 
  and in finnish . 
  well his resume looks promising with the guantanamo bay and everything . 
  world 's fastest people represent !, 
  wish i could find that ad from youtube . 
  ** ansa ** , short for anna-liisa . 
  means trap ... 
  and people stop murdering when you teach them not to murder ? 
  people kill each other here often under the influence of alcohol . 
  if somebody starts to form groups that hunt down and butcher random bypassers , should we start reminding people that we need to ignore it as people already get murdered here and call people racists for getting worried ? 
  most of the finnish problems regarding rape and sexual assault happen in homes or/and are related to alcohol . 
  ignoring the fact that the new phenomenon is compromising the public safety ( and the illusion of it as the police are unable to respond with it 's current resources ) , calling it the same and refusing to address is is absolutely hypocritical and cowardly from feminists . 
  it shows that you only bark against the evil patriarchy and rape culture when they do n't materialize and slash out when you get called out for it . 
  even worse , it makes the movement look like it tries to direct the attention away from the issue . 
  this makes people wonder what kind of motive do feminists have to protect actually misogynistic and rape-advocating culture . 
  [ they would need to take back my citizenship . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjwrz1-wjsi&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m42s ) that stuff should be banned by the geneva conventions . 
  this is true . 
  i for one would wish a common duty so both sexes must decide between conscription or civil service , preferably training more focused on making sure that if the shit hits the fan we have home troops that know what to do to keep this country running . 
  however , the whole national defence and in our case conscription is a necessary evil itself , i do n't see any point on making it even worse burden for the whole nation in the name of equality . 
  we could always balance this on other ways too , for example giving more benefits for those who went through the conscription . 
  maybe making applications for universities easier ( you can already get some course credits if you went through the leadership training ) or something to encourage women to apply for the service . 
  i know it 's pretty controversial but i think usually people mean facial features like [ this ] ( http://murderpedia.org/male.a/images/auvinen/000.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://cdn1-www.craveonline.com/assets/uploads/2015/06/big-game-onni-tommila.jpg ) when they mean `` asian '' . 
  also do n't go between them and their offspring . 
  just use the term `` internship '' and good to go . 
  i can imagine the horror the occupation of estonia would be , considering the fact that \u00c5land already has us in the leash . 
  it would be some kind of twisted anti-conquest where we throw our rule to estonia . 
  now that i think of it , maybe [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wip2mae6zo ) was actually made to prepare us against scary croatians ... 
  also usually seen on the image people have about islamic terrorists - farmers living with two goats in the middle of nowhere , suddenly deciding that they want to destroy the western world . 
  many of the modern terrorists have academic background , or they come from otherwise wealthy family . 
  it 's that cursed pok\u00e9mon go !, 
  it 's funny though when you use rallydriver pronounciation with english speakers and they have no idea what you 're talking about since you pronounce all the letters . 
  that upgrade from hippies to gangs was about the harder drugs and cartels coming with them from south america . 
  the place where soviets and us armed different factions with military gear to fight against each other for political reasons , not gangster buying their guns legally from the nearest walmart . 
  if anything , your example of the war with drugs is used with prohibition as examples how those attempts to completely control different assets has only created escalation , more violence and suffering . 
  i assume texas has already passed threshold where you assume that everyone else is able to shoot back . 
  or maybe they have so many things to shoot at that they do n't bother to waste those bullets on humans . 
  well , i 'd say it 's partially user 's own fault if the default assumption is n't that the sub named europe will work towards europe 's interest , not gb 's . 
  i 'd imagine breivik 's approach to be more terminator and kill the people of the political camp that will let the radical islam in later when they 've grown up .
