  rural mountainside greece is stunning too . 
  places like [ this ] ( http://www.greece-is.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/limnh_plastira_gp.jpg ) or meteora are beautiful . 
  belgium has managed to create a tourism thing out of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manneken_pis ) . 
  i mean we could milk our tourism industry even more . 
  i believe there was an effort during the late stages of the empire to create a commonwealth in the same way the anglosaxons did with their empire . 
  it would give more freedoms to bulgarians , greeks etc. 
  but turkish nationalism was starting to be a thing and some years later the nationalists formed their government in ankara . 
  the rest is history, 
  you did n't quite catch the first part about what it would mean to leave the euro or the non economic aspects of being in it . 
   turkey shot down a russian aircraft for fuck 's sake and then hid behind nato . 
  and months later erdogan visits putin for rapprochement . 
  turkey is using nato . 
  and nato is using turkey . 
  but turkey is not commited to the west . 
   cyprus was n't about an invasion in mainland greece . 
  so what ? 
  you does that justify the aggression against a sovereign state ? 
   two countries which are both heavily pro-west i am not sure turkey is * heavily * pro-west . 
  and yes war is always on the table . 
  since the 1980s the us has intervened two times to de-escalate tensions . 
   cyprus was another thing . 
  it was way before than euro and was n't about an invasion in greece i am not sure you have understand the situation enough . 
  read up on enosis . 
  cyprus was an island with a populations composed mainly of greeks . 
  there were efforts by both cypriots and mainland greeks to make cyprus a part of the greek state . 
  the whole invasion was about greece . 
  no one but turkish extremists believe that the invasions was about turkish minorities . 
  ( same tactic putin used in ukraine ), 
  where do i start ? 
  airspace violations , ciller threatening to send troops in athens or ozal sending turkish warships almost starting a war ? 
  maybe cyprus ? 
  the euro is a complicated issue for greece . 
  i personally think we should have never joined in the first place . 
  but since we are in it would be extremelly stupid to leave . 
  a new drachma would face very strong devaluation . 
  the everyday standards would drop even more . 
  having shortages of medicine would n't be fun . 
  the decision to join the euro was n't economic i believe though . 
  it was geopolitical . 
  our good ol' neighbors in the east are extremelly aggressive and have expansionist tendencies . 
  us being in the euro works are a sign of us being into the hard core of europe . 
  so messing with greece would mean much more . 
  i believe greeks at the moment are 65-35 for the euro . 
  a friend of mine is a doctor . 
  there are many patients at his door asking for his services but instead of money they are willing to pay with eggs , milk etc. 
  it is really sad to be honest . 
  the state has strangled the economy . 
  there are no investments , no companies to hire and the socialist party in power keeps giving public sector jobs in order to maintain future voters and artificially lower unemployement . 
  the problem is these workers are paid by the taxes of the helpless private sector people . 
  the church gives many handouts to those in need but that is not enough . 
  every sane businessman left has moved his business to bulgaria . 
  there is no money left in greece . 
  if greece keeps going down this path in a few years the country will be home only to pensioners , tourists and rich foreigners looking to buy cheap property . 
  no one has a right to move wherever he wants . 
  there are laws , there are borders , there is vetting . 
  free movement in the eu is a privilege we have worked for . 
  it was an agreement . 
  and in order for it to stay we should always remember how we got here . 
  it is a privilege for us eu subjects . 
  but if we start viewing it as a right then it wo n't be long untill people will say `` since immigration is a right why not let non eu subjects migrate here ? '' . 
  then the gates are open . 
  there is nothing good about syriza . 
  he is * right *, 
  [ yeap ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/11/26/turkish-jets-violated-greek-airspace-over-2000-times-last-year-infographic/#7b522cd542e3 ) it went crazy [ during the days ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/02/02/greek-defense-ministry-turkey-violates-airspace-138-times/ ) that greece refused to give back the alleged coup plotters too, 
   but i remember greeks themselves threatening to allow migrants through only one extremely stupid minister said that . 
  and as expected nothing happened . 
   i 'm not immediatelly aware what you mean . 
  the moment they cross the border as refugees there is a set of rules we have to follow . 
  this is why they use a very evil tactic . 
  they get in using inflatable boats and then we they see they border patrol they damage the boat with knives practically sinking themselves . 
  then we are obliged to save them . 
  when they are in our hands the international rules apply . 
   maybe we should instead blame greece and bulgaria for being incapable or unwilling to secure their borders . 
  i would justify your ignorance if you were belgian or dutch . 
  but no . 
  you are latvian . 
  you know how borders actually work . 
  how is supposed greece and bulgaria to defend sea borders ? 
  are you aware of the dublin regulation ? 
  and do n't miss my point about border violations . 
  how is violating eu borders talk and not action ? 
  how is using immigrants as leverage when striking deals talk and not action ? 
   ** would end ** turkey eu accession calling eu members nazis , violating eu borders , using immigrants as leverage to blackmail the eu is not enough ? 
  smh, 
  so on the one hand you guys bash trump for calling nato absolete and willing to call out freeloader and on the other hand you think nato is not working for you and that nato suggestions and agreements are irrelevant and that you would prefer to leave nato if the 2 % was mandatory . 
  i am pretty sure i am not the only one identifying a problem here . 
  everyone who does n't feel the need to intervene when his neighbor 's house is on fire will soon watch his own house burn . 
  because this is a deal we 've made . 
  we are talking about percentages not amounts . 
  at the moment of 5 countries reach that threshold . 
  united states , 3.61 % greece , 2.38 % britain , 2.21 % estonia , 2.16 % poland , 2 % you would say estonia or greece are justified because of their bullying neighbors . 
  but what 's the point of the alliance then if we ca n't even meet our agreement standards ? 
  we could all just sign defence agreement with the us independently . 
  but no we prefer nato as a broader defence agreement . 
   hell , nato countries are so armed , that no one would ever think of attacking a nato country . 
  you mean the us is so armed that no one would ever think of attacking a nato country . 
  it would matter because you could be from finland for instance which is not a nato country . 
  i 've seen swedes here not knowing that they are not part of nato . 
  so portugal . 
  you are in a continent where its most influencial geopolitical power is russia .
