  take a chill pill, 
   albania wants kosovo ? 
  since when ? 
  every time that topic gets brought up , the answer of albanians is the same - they already have enough problems without bringing kosovo in . 
  yea do n't make assumptions based on reddit talk or street talk . 
  take a look at interviews and initiatives . 
  edi rama has been grilled on this many times . 
   which countries do you have great relations with ? 
  serbia , russia , china , cyprus , israel and more . 
   when the us constitution got written the term ` democracy ' was primarily linked to direct democracy i made that distiction in my original comment . 
   it 's perfectly fine to call them a democracy now though , since our definition has expanded to include indirect democracies . 
  i prefer to use the term republican in the american sense just to point out distrust for direct democracy . 
  point me to bibliography and i 'll point you to bibliography that makes the distiction between the two . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the us is not a democracy . 
  the votes do n't even count as equal . 
  cheers . 
  your point still stands . 
   they do n't even want kosovo yea about that ...  is it a matter of greek politics being , pardon my french , cunty so that you do n't have any country you have normal relations with ? 
  greece has great relations with many countries . 
  it does n't matter who says it . 
  it is a fact though . 
  the us founding fathers did n't have the same opinions . 
  there were many debates between more democratic factions ( jeffersionians ) and more pro-centralization factions ( federalists ) modern day usa is closer to the usa that came out of what we call the american frontier . 
  frederick jackson turner 's frontier thesis describes that perfectly . 
   oh please , not that shitty gop talking point again til that aristotle is a republican, 
  turkey can find an opportunity to play shady games in all of this . 
  i am sorry but greece is not holland . 
  our neighbors are a bit more aggresive . 
   not really democratic . 
  they are not a democracy . 
  they are a republic . 
  aristotle made that distinction years ago . 
  a polity and a democracy . 
  they do n't like direct democracy ( neither do i ) and they do n't like state control too . 
  they use the consitution to keep the state away from the people by giving rights on an individual level and they use the senate to have the levels of democracy needed in order to move on with laws etc. 
  being stubborn about the territorial integrity of ones country is pretty legit . 
   so why not accept that compromise and repeat once again that the border between the two countries is settled forever ? 
  greece in the past has proposed names with qualificators before the word macedonia . 
  skopje rejected them . 
  i love americas and american culture . 
  i prefer american culture to european culture ( do n't eat me alive please ) . 
  their individual liberty culture , their culture of variety via the market , their patriotic ethos etc. 
  their drive to innovate has lead the world to many great inventions , debates , fronts etc. 
  not to mention their political system . 
  i find it way for consistent and stable compared to our parliamentary democracies . 
  i am free to debate this . 
  i am sure many disagree . 
  the fact that i write this in a american website using the internet ( american invention ) makes it even better . 
  you are ethnically slovene . 
  you can call yourself istrian but you are a slovene . 
  no one said that people in skopje wo n't be able to call themselves macedonians . 
  not ethnically though and definitely not use that name in an international level . 
  slovenia does n't negotiate as istria . 
  that 's all nice and all but in the long run we do n't know how the balance of power will turn out or any other situations that may arise . 
  can you guarantee turkey wo n't grab the opportunity to do anything if a situation arises in greece 's northern border ? 
  turkey already plays games with albania . 
  the last thing greece needs is another front . 
  this is why a solution has to be found between the two countries . 
  a solution that will not leave any space for nationalists to use later on . 
   but they did n't start calling themselves greeks . 
  this is what is crazy about the macedonian situation . 
  they started calling themselves after an ancient greek tribe . 
   yes because there is no ukrainian nation . 
  that a flawed analogy . 
  ukraine was something new as a nation that could stand on its own . 
  they did n't steal polish heritage . 
  cossacks has more to do with them . 
  what the skopjians did was steal a countries insignia and heritage . 
  macedonia is a region . 
  in that region live many nationalities . 
  trying to adopt that name can be used later as leverage in order to expand to the other places too . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  watch the latest social unrest in skopje . 
  chants about `` liberating salonika '' etc. 
  the kremlin tied vmro uses that in order to create problems and drive the country away from nato . 
  bigger politics come in play . 
   that 's what international treaties and armies are for . 
  we can avoid tensions if we find a solution to this dispute . 
  no one is their right mind wants this to come down to brute force . 
   but it created a new nationality so a nationality that consists of bulgarians and albanians started using ancient greek insignia and figures and made claims that the ancient greek tribe was n't even greek and we are somehow to believe that this is normal ? 
  not only that they took the name too ? 
   history should n't matter in the context of a peoples human right to self determination . 
  reality does n't care about ideology . 
  history can be used . 
  what should n't and what should differs from what happens and what not . 
   if by consequence they stopped identifying as greeks , then they would n't be greeks anymore they would be ottomans though . 
  the macedonian thing goes as if the ottomans settled next to greeks and started calling themselves greeks . 
   but you went further than that and claimed they as a nation were just an invention of a bunch of nationalist crazies 20 years ago . 
  yes because there is no macedonian nation . 
  that nation is made of bulgarians and albanians that happen to live in a part of macedonia . 
  just as greeks live in macedonia and bulgarians too . 
   also , there is a bunch of bulgarians in and around blagoevgrad who call their region pirin macedonia and regionally identify as macedonians . 
  how come you do n't complain about them ? 
  because they are bulgarians living in macedonia . 
  ethnically bulgarians . 
  not macedonians in an ethnic context . 
  taking the argument to the nationhood point is what causes concerns from the greek side . 
  because that implies a certain historical linage that can be used as fuel in order to initiate events that do n't advance the cause of stability or security in the region . 
   they were , yes .
