  same goes with turkey . 
  same goes with japan . 
  no one in their right mind would ever say turkey is of the west . 
  most geopolitical analysts and strategist put turkey under the islamic civilization banner . 
  others put turkey in an intermediate region between the west and the islamic world . 
  others say there is a stand alone turkic category . 
  but certainly not western the only western trait of turkey is that the west uses turkey geostrategically in nato . 
  russia has had involvement in the west for far more many years than turkey and still the west rejects russia as western . 
  the us uses turkey as a base for their operations against isis , syria and potentially iran . 
  when these crisis are over turkey will lose its importance to the usa . 
  the turks understand that and act all tough while it lasts . 
  the eu does n't even have the capabilities to operate in the middle-east without the us . 
  the us needs israel ( and saudi arabia ) because it literally operates in the region . 
  they want access to mediterranean waters , israel is a western-style democracy making it easier to co op , the israeli armed forces are exceptionally strong etc. 
  if you think foreign policy is crafted on the basis of such religious arguments then you are either too young and naive or too old and have n't studied geopolitics enough . 
  the us conducts foreign operations based on national interest not pence 's religion . 
  if you think that the americans are allies with israel because of the potential coming of christ i am sorry to inform you but you are wrong . 
  too wrong . 
  the chp can win more votes from the right too if it wants . 
  there is no need to look to the left . 
  economically spreaking the right wing in turkey has been doing a great job . 
  if the chp abandons light statism for a more free market oriented rhetoric then it will win big cities for sure . 
  this is how ozal won a lot of votes . 
  erdogan wins at this because he comes out as an economic reformer . 
  yea but the akp does n't care if it alienates liberals . 
  and it works for them . 
  liberal turks should be able to bring something to the table that will compete against akp 's policies . 
  pandering to nationalists does n't work because people will always choose the real deal instead of the watered down version . 
  i know it is difficult to breed a center this way but the center is a two way street . 
  even if the chp wants to be moderate , the akp does n't care . 
  there can be no center . 
  the chp ( or even better a new party that will be less centered around the cult of personality of kemal and will also be really liberal ) has to offer a real alternative and not pander to the akp or small satellite parties . 
  calling it offensive is reaaaally overstretching it . 
  i believe the only way to win more liberals in turkey is by making them understand that liberalism in turkey is virtually nonexistent . 
  you ca n't go through this situation if you ca n't address reality first . 
  and that * fact * that liberalism in turkey , as i said earlier , is practically nonexistent is * reality * . 
  if they will be willing to change that is up to them . 
  it is not our job to try convert them and preach liberalism in their faces . 
  liberals in turkey has a long way to go if they want to gain ground . 
   as it turns out a single mp does not change the general politics of a party . 
  but a party that is willing to house such mps and not abolish them is responsible for their rhetoric too . 
  months ago a member ( not even mp ) of our liberal-conservative party said that `` a good turk is a dead turk '' . 
  he was dismissed in a blink of an eye . 
  also the hdp is a populist leftist party . 
  you can hardly call it liberal . 
  it is more of the syriza kind . 
  it also welcomed many communists in its rank . 
  mainly from emep . 
  greek defence minister ordered an upgrade a couple of days ago . 
  we will get f-35 . 
  of course economic hardships does n't allow 100 units . 
  we are looking at around 20 jets . 
  better than nothing i guess, 
  the akp has liberal rhetoric ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  because the akp had 40 % support . 
  let me remind you that a couple of months ago i believe it was the `` progressive '' chp mp tanzu ozkhan that said `` i will go the islands and raise the turkish flag . 
  then i will fold the greek flag and send it to the greek government via courier service '' . 
  old habits die hard, 
  i get it sentiment may not have been the right word . 
  consensus is what i meant . 
  as i said to another guy here just because there are liberals in turkey it does n't mean turkey is liberal . 
  there liberals in china or russia too . 
  i hope this makes my point clearer, 
  i should have used the word consensus instead . 
  the fact that there are liberals in turkey does n't make turkey liberal . 
  there are liberals in russia too . 
  there are liberals in china too . 
  i hope you get my point . 
  i admit sentiment may not have been the right word, 
  and how do you ensure the stabilization of the nation if you team up with a party that supports invading at all directions ? 
  as i said to another guy here the only way to the chp to gain power is to adopt aggressive nationalist policies because this is what the majority of the turkish people buy into . 
  why should never forget that is was the chp that invaded cyprus . 
  the chp will become liberal and stand for something or stay as it is and die for nothing . 
  simple as that . 
  why does it matter ? 
  my point is if there is no way for the chp to stand alone and beat the akp then that means that there is no liberal sentiment in turkey . 
  and we all know that is the case . 
  the only way for the chp to gain power is to adopt aggressive nationalist policies . 
  we should also remember that turkey invaded cyprus under the leadership of the chp, 
  they have romanticize kemal way beyond absurdity . 
  unfortunatelly there was n't and there is n't a liberal tradition in turkey . 
  to prevent the destruction of the ottoman empire liberal ottomans proposed a commonwealth system similar to the anglo saxon one . 
  turkish nationalists objected to that idea then kind of implemented it and then it was too late and then kemal supressed non-turkish ottoman subjects . 
  do n't forget to mention that the `` liberal '' chp teamed up with the far-right ultra-nationalist pan-turkist mhp during the 2014 presidential elections . 
  the post-coup purges in turkey have really damaged their army quality . 
  they also face the kurdish problem . 
  opening a new front in the aegean would leave the east vulnerable to kurdish attacks . 
  greece may have economics problems but the fact that there is an extremelly aggressive neighbor with neo-ottomanist tendencies does n't allow our country to be cheap when it comes to defence . 
  unlike the turkish unrest the greek army and mainly the airforce and navy are in pretty good shape . 
  there are many tremendous pilots in the ranks . 
  when it to quantity turkey has an [ advantage ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=greece&amp;country2=turkey&amp;submit=compare ) . 
  when it comes to aircrafts and submarines ( which will be the backbone of an aegean conflict ) greece matches turkey . 
  putting all that together i think the answer would be : stalemate untill foreign intervention . 
  and that would n't be long considering the us needs turkey for operations in syria and potentialy iran . 
  of course this is a speculation last time greece and turkey came pretty close to war it is in [ 1996 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak#military_crisis ) . 
  everyone was locked and loaded , finger on the trigger . 
  the us intervened as an intermediate and the two armies pulled back, 
   `` we do not need a show of strength . 
  they are the ones who know best what a turkish soldier can do when appropriate .
