  but then the serbs took over what is modern day macedonia , and renamed the area macedonia , since the people who lived there were n't serbs , but bulgarians , and the area was in the historical region called macedonia . 
  that does n't make bulgarians a new people . 
  this is like saying that ottoman greeks stopped being greek and became something else because the ottomans renamed some regions . 
   history does n't matter in this context wow no . 
  history is what can be used as leverage for mobilization and nationalist agendas . 
   it is only weird nationalist tendencies that want to make that connection , and those tendencies are disappearing , i am not sure you understand what is going on in skopje . 
  vmro goons were chanting about `` liberating salonika from the greeks '' . 
  and vmro are not a tendency that is disappearing . 
  and let 's not forget their kremlin ties . 
  i am not sure were do you get your info from . 
  but please look into their situation a little more before dismissing them are irrelevant . 
  the name is used as leverage for more . 
  there are cities in the usa named macedonia . 
  the greeks do n't give two shits about them . 
  the situation in skopje is far more dangerous and serious . 
   they were n't serbs , bulgarians , greek nor albanian , but they lived in an area called macedonia . 
  actually they were bulgarians living outside of bulgaria . 
  and today 's fyr consists of these people plus albanians . 
  i am not sure were did you get that they were not bulgarian . 
  all you have to do is read about the balkan league . 
   i imagine it 's not as obvious to greeks , but 500 years ago there were no slovenes . 
  does that mean they do n't exist now either ? 
  slovenes did n't steal another nation 's history in order to build their own identity . 
  can you imagine slovanes trying to say that they are somehow connected to an ancient greek tribe ? 
  this is how crazy the skopjian efforts have been . 
  there are no ethnic macedonians . 
  ancient times : the ancient greek tribe of macedon was a tribe . 
  not a nationality . 
  definitely greek . 
  historians call the period of alexander the hellenistic period as alexander spread greek/hellenistic culture across the then known world . 
  byzantine times : the macedonian dynasties were firmly anti-bulgarian . 
  what modern day skopjians claim to be is a bulgarian schism . 
  they even claim bulgarian poets as theirs . 
  so there is definitely a contradiction here . 
  recent times : in more recent years ( balkan wars ) there were no macedonians too . 
  the balkan league consisted of greeks , bulgarians , serbians and people from montenegro . 
  there were no claims for ethnic macedonians . 
  both greeks and bulgarians raced to gain as much land as they could from macedonia in order to expand . 
  this is called the macedonian struggle . 
  during the 90s a bunch of nationalist crazies claims to be macedonians out of nowhere . 
  not only that . 
  they used bulgarian culture and tried to link that with the ancient greek tribe . 
  with this new macedonian nationalist invention came problems too . 
  the vmro cultivated a generation of people thinking themselves as macedonians ( something completely out of touch with the historical reality ) . 
  they has started projects such as skopje 2014 or various other attempts in order to link themselves to phillip ii and alexander . 
  this in turn brough irredentist concepts . 
  `` liberate salonika from the greeks '' . 
  this territorial disputes are not a matter that we should ignore . 
   ca n't we just agree that this whole conflict is a shit-show , and all sides need to calm their tits ? 
  people in the fyr who think they are macedonians and descendants of phillip ii are using this historical fallacy to promote irredentist propaganda and chant stuff like `` liberate salonika from the greeks '' . 
  territorial disputes are no a laughing matter . 
  there needs to be a solution that will end these claims . 
  in the long run we want stability and peace not nationalist mumbo jumbo . 
  basketball is quite popular in greece . 
  the two biggest teams ( panathinaikos and olympiacos ) are usually euroleague finalists . 
  nba is popular too . 
  after the antentokoumpo draft support for the nba grew even bigger . 
  of course he is greek . 
  he always likes to mention greece and how greatful he is for being greek . 
  besides being a great patriot he is an amazing basketball player too . 
  only a very small minority probably hates him for being black . 
  he said that he did n't experience any racism while growing up though . 
  greeks are generally welcoming people . 
   not really . . 
  i have meet texans that could only point out at spain and uk on europe i have met greeks who do n't know where countries are . 
  i have met serbians who do n't know where countries are . 
  i have met canadians who do n't know where countries are . 
  as i canadian myself i have never seen an american that fits the stupid stereotype . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  ignorance has more to do with the individual rather than if he stands on ontario or michigan . 
   mind posting a video of canadian pm backing an american military coup ? 
  the support happens under the table . 
  only a fool would announce support of machiavellian use of great power power politics . 
   being able to point some countries on a map baseless stereotype  not creating military coups back and forth ... canada does n't have the military capabilities to have such influence . 
  it backs the us everytime though . 
  especially during the last 10-15 years canada adopted almost all if not all of the us foreign policy agenda . 
  canada uses both . 
  especially when it comes to weather . 
  the funny thing is canadians do exactly what americans do . 
  not including vat on price tags , calling it soccer , driving more than using public transport , play american football and call it football ( cfl . 
  even though everyone in canada watches more nfl than cfl ) etc. 
  generally canadians hardly differ from americans . 
  i am greek-canadian and everytime one bashes the us for stupid reasons i feel like defending them by bringing up the `` canadians do it too '' argument . 
  north american love . 
  nothing to hide . 
  nothing wrong with private property , individual freedoms and individualism , national defence , cultural conservatism , skepticism towards radical change etc. 
  so many great states in the us . 
  definately somewhere there . 
   that 's why i called it western hypocrisy , not american hypocrisy all politics is based on machiavellian relations . 
  if you look for `` pure '' policy then i am sorry to inform you but you wo n't find any around . 
  the west does this , the east does this , everyone does this . 
   depends on which values you adhere to . 
  as i said this is not about values . 
  it is about geopolitical influence . 
   iran , which has now twice elected a moderate president that seeks to open up his country to the rest of the world , and the west in particular , gets called out for being a sponsor of terrorism every single western european leader and official regardless of party says that iran is the biggest sponsor of terrorism and has expansionist tendencies in the middle east . 
  it is not only trump . 
   whereas saudi arabia gets to sign a 100 billion dollar arms deal . 
  the ksa provides a strong ally both economically and geostrategically . 
  alienating them would be wrong  both countries have awful human rights records does n't matter . 
  international relations do not work on ideology .
