  it was mainly his wife that caused unrest by painting a picture of bavarian influence beyond greek control . 
  what you say about countries that do n't fit the western criteria has been said already by samuel p. huntington . 
  he named that culture orthodox instead of west . 
  still european though . 
  he also said that turkey was a product of the islamic culture . 
  a culture that derives from years of evolution of traditions that can be traced back to ancient greco-roman texts and the judeochristian credo . 
  socrates , cicero , spqr , magna carta , englightenment , peace of westphalia , the nationalist revolts , the eu . 
  today all that evolution came down to a liberalism . 
  freedoms , open markets , rights , rule of law , secularism etc. 
  the funny thing is that they believe that if the chp comes in power things will change . 
  little do they know ... 
  not many can make the distinction between multiethnic and multicultural . 
  i am glad you noticed that . 
  turks are having a referendum on making erdogan a sultan . 
  turks want to campaign in europe speaking to turks living in various european countries . 
  netherlands said no . 
  erdogan called them nazis . 
  the dutch are pissed . 
  i have noticed the pattern too . 
  the norm in the west is a liberal culture . 
  what defines the west in general is bigger than songs or jeans . 
  it is a tradition in thinking . 
  from socrates , to cicero , to magna carta , to the us consitution , to the nationalist revolts in europe , to the eu if you may . 
  it is the classical texts of ancient philosophers in combination with christianity that defined the west . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  culture is not linked with the continent . 
  take a look at the english commonwealth . 
  also iranian culture is islamic culture . 
  nothing to do with japan just because they are in the same continent . 
   deal with it . 
  yea i am arguing with a 18 year old kid . 
  wish me luck . 
  german culture and greek culture are european cultures . 
  i do n't understand why is that so hard to grasp, 
  civilization v, 
  [ unlimited bravery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xy9vqjhdde ), 
  actually the south eastern parts of the roman empire shared a lot of customs thanks to the hellenistic period . 
  jews that went to europe during that time were [ hellenized ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellenistic_judaism ) . 
  people like [ philo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philo ) . 
  cleopatra in egypt was ruler of the [ ptolemaic kingdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ptolemaic_kingdom ) . 
  it hellenistic . 
  she was a descendant of the greek lagid family . 
  there is reason we call the roman times the [ greco-roman world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-roman_world ) . 
  it had a culture . 
  inspired by greek and roman literature and arts . 
  almost indistinguishable . 
  as far as the other examples you gave i do n't really know enough to be honest . 
  she ca n't just push a button a solve the crisis . 
  erdogan who is actually the gatekeeper is blackmailing europe using immigrants as leverage . 
  [ nah she has been saying that for years . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukg76hf24_k ), 
  we are speaking in terms of culture here . 
  and why is that ? 
  european countries share traditions and customs . 
  finnish culture is not that much different from french and french is not that much different from spanish . 
  but our notion of government , rights , liberalism etc. 
  is the same . 
  sweden and austria under the eu in not an example of multiculturalism . 
  the guy from vermont is not texan either . 
  but both texans and vermontians ( ? ), 
  are american . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/programs/data-hub/charts/annual-number-of-us-legal-permanent-residents ) also have in mind the immigrants to the us then were european . 
  still west . 
  greeks waving flags in germany is like texans waving flags in vermont . 
  turks waving flags in germany is like mexicans waving a flag in vermont . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  well the alternative to multiculturalism is monoculturalism . 
  respect the culture that hosts you . 
  you travel from x to y because you believe you will find a better life in y. 
  well once you get there respect what made y great and reflect on why x was bad . 
  do n't bring aspects of x with you . 
  i am not going to travel to china and attemp to lecture them on individualism . 
  it is their country and culture . 
  i am just a visitor or immigrant there . 
  i am not a citizen of the world because other parts of the world did n't ask for me . 
  people are different and if we ca n't respect each others rules or customs then we are in for a ride . 
  the numbers of immigrants have been ( at least ) tripled during the last years . 
  we ca n't really compare . 
  greece and germany are both european . 
  we even had a bavarian king in greece . 
  our royal house was danish and we almost sided with germany in ww1 . 
  turkey culturally speaking is not made of europe . 
  i see a lot of people making that argument and i think it is wrong . 
  i am half canadian myself and i have seen first hand the american `` multiculturalism '' . 
  immigrants to the us or canada comply to the rules . 
  the overall western liberal notion is not going away . 
  and that happens mainly because immigrants there are usually families that can afford a flight or two . 
  here in europe we face uncontrolled immigration waves . 
  we do n't even know who comes in . 
  try going in canada without being super checked . 
  many will devoure me for saying this but mutliculturalism does n't work and turkey is not of european culture . 
  sarkozy and merkel seem to agree with me at least . 
  heh we could definitely use some sort of barricade that gets 10 feet higher whenever erdogan opens his mouth . 
  western anatolia was mainly greek not turkish . 
  the majority of the cities on the coast ( bodrum , izmir ) were built by greeks and were inhabited by greeks and jews . 
  after the greek revolution of 1821 the goal of the greek state was to expand all the way to western anatolia so that it would include the greek populations . 
  during the paris conference in 1919 the greek state came extremelly close to fullfiling that goal . 
  pontus was part of the original plan too but [ something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) happened and the greek population declined . 
  i wonder what that was . 
  on the eastern front a similar situation was going on with the armenians .
