  too dangerous to ignore . 
  not for greek interests in the area but for nato in general . 
   with respect , that 's a tad pedantic . 
  they use united kingdom in any official setting . 
  just as greece uses greece . 
  not hellenic republic . 
   and do you think being intransigent about it helps any ? 
  is n't it better to draw them into the western world , as opposed to isolating them over a name they have a right to as much as anybody that has macedonian territory has ? 
  that logic is flawed though . 
  why would one give in before the other ? 
  this is not a debate between friends . 
  state interests are been negotiated here . 
  and greece * wants * good relations with skopje . 
  we want them in the eu and nato . 
  a solution about the dangerous nationalist rhetoric has to be found though . 
  you do n't ignore the first phases of a disease . 
   i 'm sorry , but that 's just not true . 
  as i said we ca n't draw parallels . 
  different situations . 
  we ca n't compare apples to oranges . 
   do you think britain should n't call itseld britain ? 
  britain is not a country . 
  britain is an island . 
  the uk is a country . 
   modern macedonians do n't have to fall back on ancient macedonians for their stories . 
  too late . 
  and this is why it is dangerous . 
  it is happening . 
  it is not a speculation . 
   are you going to sit there and tell me that people in the uk do n't call themselves british ? 
  we usually call pms or mps british because it associates with all the above nationalities . 
  it is a completely different situation from the one in the balkans . 
  we could possibly draw parallels if macedonia was a federation like the uk that included parts of greece , bulgaria etc. 
  if france though it could protect the integrity of people in brittany , greece feels the same about macedonians in greece . 
   they are ethnically people from the majority group in the republic of macedonia . 
  they 're also not related at all to the ancient macedonians . 
  they will have to build their national myth sooner or later if they go down that path . 
  and that includes ancient macedonia too . 
  it happens already . 
  failing to see it does n't help . 
   anatolians today and anatolians 1000 years ago are entirely different ethnic groups , as you probably know . 
  these are not nations . 
  the modern concept of a nation is completely different . 
  you are all over the place . 
   de gaulle did many silly things , yes . 
  do you think it 's wrong for britain to call itself that , then ? 
  they do n't call themselves that . 
  british associates with many nationalities such as welsh or scottish . 
  adam smith was scottish . 
  isambard kingdom brunel was english . 
  you get the point . 
   i did n't mention ethnic macedonians . 
  i said it makes perfect sense for a people living in a land called macedonia to call the new country macedonia . 
  that means that they would call themselves macedonians too . 
  as if they are ethnic macedonians . 
   but why would they have done that ? 
  britain did n't call itself new britain , even though britons are n't related to the ancient britons . 
  charles de gaulle vetoed uk 's entrance in europe because they tried to enter as `` great britain '' . 
  because of brittany . 
   and how it makes perfect sense for a people who have called their land macedonia for a long time to name their country after that . 
  the region was called macedonia and it was inhabited by greeks , bulgarians , turks , jews etc. 
  there are no `` ethnic macedonians '' . 
  even back in the balkan league days . 
  this ethnic macedonian circus began in the 90s . 
   if alexis can turn a no into a yes with no serious repercussions , i am sure he can keep them in line over the name issue . 
  they already are in damage control mode . 
  i am not sure that they can keep going on like this . 
  a lot of people in his own party are already looking to go down the same path that lafazanis did . 
   so i ask again ; what else were they supposed to call themselves ? 
  something that will distinguish them from the ancient macedonians and will leave to space for territorial disputes . 
  something like new macedonia . 
  the same way york is not new york . 
   no one said anything about a monopoly . 
  nobody is trying to ban greece from using that name for their own regions . 
   any claims about being related to alexander the great are dumb , no argument from me . 
  are you aware of the growing sentiment that is cultivated from nationalists in skopje that the greeks occupy `` south macedonia '' or `` aegean macedonia '' and that they need to `` liberate salonika '' ? 
  new generations in their schools will learn about alexander and the ancient greek tribe as their own and will use that ( as they * already do * ) for irredentist propaganda . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/greater_macedonia.png ) is macedonia . 
  they do n't have a monopoly over any name . 
  not to mention the mumbo jumbo claims about the ancient greek tribe of macedon . 
  7 km ^ 2 of liberty, 
  [ too late ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberland ), 
  nationalists in skopje already chant about `` liberating salonika from the greeks '' . 
  history can be used as a leverage from extremists to initiate territorial disputes . 
  yes please . 
  let 's make the balkans great again . 
  greece supports skopje 's entrance in the eu and nato . 
  greece does n't support pseudonationalists claiming to be descendants of phillip ii that chant `` let 's liberate salonika '' . 
  greece seeks trade , tourism , exchange , security etc. 
  a solution will benefit the region . 
  not just greece or the fyr . 
  as people the greeks and the people of the fyr have a lot in common . 
  great things can come from such an alliance . 
  it would be stupid for skopje to continue their hardline nationalist rhetoric and create problems out of thin air . 
  people in the kremlin rub their hands in glee everytime nationalists in skopje drag their country further and further from nato . 
  a more moderate approach could come from the opposition though . 
  even if anel fail to find common ground with any name solution nd will definitely step in and support efforts to end the dispute with skopje . 
  i am sure ( kind of ) that they have learned from the 90s experience . 
  if anel take it to the extremes and leave the government coalition other centrist parties may take their place since the president will ask for a new government to be formed from the current parliament . 
  i am not sure about this happening though .
