  the europeans should really reconsider their position on guns . 
   it does a lot to prevent the us-style mass-shooting though . 
  cumbria shootings ? 
  uhersky brod shooting ? 
  meh , people at the coast lived together for almost five hundred years, 
  '' ] ( http://imgur.com/a/exayl ) i hope that works when i visit . 
  people that were born in the west after wwii grow up thinking radical change is not of this world . 
  in the grand picture of history this stability that we experience is the exception . 
  we should n't take things for granted . 
  especially when it comes to not so stable countries like turkey . 
  not even a comparison . 
  let me repeat that . 
  not even a comparison . 
  i can analyze that if you want . 
  and again . 
  not even a comparison . 
  meh the new state would n't have an aegean dispute . 
  all that money that will be saved would only make us stronger . 
  not the mention the capital that the turkey that is left will lose thus making it weaker . 
  it would totally change the dynamics of what we consider weak and strong in the area . 
   in history class we take in schools you are always the bad guy . 
  the good old state education machine ... 
  thank heavens for self education and easy access to information , articles and books . 
  there is a huge schism in turkey 's society between the moderate muslims at west turkey and reactionary muslims at east turkey . 
  there will always be distrust towards more hardcore muslims in the east . 
  according to turkish sociologist taner ak\u00e7am the identity of a turk was pushed even upon muslims that were not turks thus enforcing something that is not . 
  that is why this forced turkish identity has a lot of differences between different areas . 
  a few months before kemal died he said to greek general papagos that ( and i am paraphrasing ) `` greece and turkey are a married couple . 
  but according to the turkish narrative the woman is greece . '', 
  according to the more reactionary muslim tradition the woman is inferior and a subject to her husband . 
  we should be careful about this kind of thinking . 
  sure this creates distrust as you said but these ideas are not set in stone . 
  people evolve . 
  even back then notable greek nationalist , both liberal and conservative , argued for a bigger state in the east that will include turks too . 
  why massacre turks ? 
  there are a lot of notable greek people that have pushed for hellenoturkism throughout history . 
  turks in private have flirted with the idea too . 
  a close aide of venizelos once said after a meeting with kemal ataturk : `` kemal was the apostle of a large greco-turkish empire in the east , a double-headed empire , with two administrative capitals and one spiritual capital , the augustian city which was successively called byzantium , constantinople , istanbul and which will always remain , by its very geographical position , the queen city of a whole eastern world . 
  i did not anymore have in front me the peter the great of turkey , but rather a victor hugo chanting his orientales '' eleutherios venizelos once said that there will be an eastern federation with turks . 
  also konstantinos karamanlis ' * and * turgut \u00d6zal 's advisor dimitri kitsikis has pushed for the idea . 
  a greco-turkish state all over the aegean would be way beyond powerful . 
  hmmm this looks like some great [ annex material ] ( http://imgur.com/a/avgoj ) . 
  we could definitely pull a putin there . 
  turks living there could `` egexit '' and then with a referendum join us so we can pull them into the eu and the west in general . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  anatolian turks becoming westerners and greeks fulfilling the megali idea . 
  ion dragoumis would be happy for this hellenoturkism . 
  ahh dreams ... 
  yea it does n't work like that . 
  liberals support welfare since the early 20th century . 
  i did n't say that . 
  but social democrats in general are closet marxists . 
  they * usually * were marxists in their earlier days . 
  then they came to the conclusion that the free market works . 
  and finally they try to * gradually * remodel our economy and society according to marxist blueprints . 
  mainly by establishing marxist and socialist rhetoric as normal . 
  if they just wanted capitalism with welfare they would be liberals . 
  there is a reason they are not . 
  in other words a closet marxist . 
  of course he 'd rather vote for melenchon . 
  he is a closet marxist . 
  europeans calling americans ignorant is always funny . 
  on the one hand calling americans ignorant and on the other wondering why do americans lead . 
  best universities , strongest military and most effective military force in the history of the human species , most influencial currency , tremendous geopolitical reach , decentralized state 's rights and choices for different places on their country , stable political system , hard to pass weird laws because of the so called gridlock , simple constitution and bill of rights so that every citizen can relate etc. 
  europe has a lot to learn from the us . 
  love the usa . 
  i do n't get why many europeans like to hate on the us . 
  it is sad . 
  they are a wonderful and powerful country . 
  the only superpower in the world : usa may become a superpower soon : china not a superpower : eu, 
  star wars is as american as it gets . 
  up there with coca cola , ford and mcdonald 's breakfast . 
  definitely not smart . 
  his actions really step on any previous work and investments . 
  he is fiscally conservative . 
  definitely not bad with money . 
  except that crazy palace . 
  that came out of nowhere . 
  tremendous waste . 
   i 'm a history student as well i am not a history student . 
  i am a stem fields guy . 
  went from geology to computer engineering but i have always liked history so i spend a lot of time studying it and talking about it with historians . 
  it is a fascinating subject . 
   also , as i said , the map is not strictly for present day european countries . 
  and this is why the borders make it wrong . 
  a better thing to do would be to leave out the borders , use less monarchs and not strictly define their territory by fading one into the other . 
   alexander the great would be the same thing as putting philip ii there , so what 's the difference ? 
  refer to my above point . 
   and obviously , a person with a greek flair is likely to be `` offended '' because they always are . 
  trust me . 
  i know an english guy who gets way more offended by greeks on this subject . 
  any person with basic knowledge of history laughs at the remarks about any relation between ancient greek macedonia and modern day skopje . 
   many historians say that the duchies/principalities of the hre can count as independent realms this is were we get into great detail . 
  i am pretty sure this is undebatable on the space reddit gives us . 
   hopefully most people read the comments this is reddit so i guess they will . 
  well from an economy point of view erdogan has been pretty good for turkey . 
  he lifted thousands out of poverty and this is one of the reasons he still has enormous support from the turkish people . 
  it is his neo-ottomanism and islamism that bring problems . 
  transformed is the word . 
  in some aspect for good , in some aspect for worst .
