  vmro-dpmne attracts criticism even domestically for their extreme nationalist provocations and division they breed . 
  provoking greece , marginalizing albanians , spending enormous amounts of money for propaganda when more crucial infrastructure fails . 
   the only one asserting a monopoly is greece . 
   fyrom never tried to stop greece calling one of ist provinces makedonia , did it ? 
  greece does n't have a problem if fyrom calls one of its * provinces * macedonia . 
  the nationality and the whole country is where the issues arises . 
   the macedonians do not equate with the ancient makedonians you should probably study the issue a little bit more . 
  you missed my vmro-dpmne part of the original comment, 
  historical falacies can lead to the destabilization of the region . 
  it is not about the `` triggering '' of greek nationalists . 
  it is about regional stability , national security and historical justice . 
  do you think greeks like to have this `` void '' region between them and central europe ? 
  your cynicism can be dangerous . 
  since when do they have a monopoly over the region 's name ? 
  i hope you are aware of the fact that the biggest part of macedonia is in greece right ? 
  also macedonian is not a nationality . 
  these people that reside in today fyrom were mostly bulgarians . 
  where were these macedonians you speak of during the balkan league ? 
  you do n't use a name \u00e0 la carte, 
  color me impressed / s let 's hope fillon will take care of similar nonsense in france too . 
  greece enjoys the highest living standards in the balkans . 
  what do you consider a `` normal country '' anyway ? 
  you think greece is an anomaly ? 
  wow also this made me laugh :  geopolitics and economic influences does n't put food on the table or pay health care, 
  their healthcare system may be mostly private but its quality is superb . 
  many canadians that i personally know prefer to travel to the usa for healthcare services since its faster and better . 
  it may costs more than theirs but its better . 
  also worker 's rights is not a part of their culture . 
  they do n't view it as a big problem mainly because of their individualistic work ethic . 
  this is why , economically speaking , their left wing ( democrats ) is our right wing . 
  anything further to the left is considered fringe . 
  even in canada where they use the ndp as a scapegoat to point out failures of the leftist economic model ( stronger unions , skyhigh minimum wage , excessive regulations etc. ), 
  a lot of this welfare that contributes to this quality of life is , not directly , paid for by the usa . 
  they spend far beyond the normal threshold for our defence . 
  the moment they pull the plug a lot of our conforts will be gone . 
  they have been smarter than any european country . 
  the way they expanded their borders to avoid territorial disputes , the way they condact foreign policy to have a tight grip over world afairs and the way the make trade deals expanding their economic influence around the world . 
  it took years of smart policy for them to become such a strong force . 
  i really do n't get this attitude of many europeans that somehow europe is superior to the us when in reality the us leads the worlds in almost every aspect . 
  from geopolitics to economic influence etc. 
  it 's sad watching fellow europeans trying to bash the us on every chance they have . 
  from [ academia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oyx-29z3xe ) to [ politicians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyya3amtxr4 ) ( before the weird nationalism surge in fyrom during the last years ) , everyone knows that macedonia is greek . 
  it 's surreal what happens in that country . 
  naming places after alexander the great , building statues of alexander the great etc. 
  and all of this for what reason ? 
  just to piss off neghbouring countries ? 
  greece and fyrom could have been great allies ( both regionally and on an eu level ) if it was n't for this history hijack . 
  slavomacedonia , neomacedonia , vardaska ... all these could have been names to make a distinction and not provoke foreign relations and historical facts . 
  the sad part is that it is mainly the vmro-dpmne which tries to claim phillip ii and so on . 
  it has been going on since the mid 2000s . 
  everyone with basic knowledge of history finds this grotesque, 
  everyone is talking about finland . 
  but they forget about iceland . 
  they just sit there . 
  alone . 
  in the north . 
  rocking out . 
  what you say again is true . 
  but you miss one part in my opinion . 
  the success of the scandinavian centre-left is artificial . 
  there would be not a single realistic scenario where these parties would have succeded if it was n't for the american military support . 
  technically swe and fin are not part of nato but they are benefiting from it as it acts as a cloak of protection . 
  imagine if northern europe had to pay for its defense without the usa backing them . 
  there would be no money left for social programs . 
  greece 's centre-left on the other hand failed because it did n't embrace the liberal west . 
  the rhetoric of pasok throughout the years was anti-nato , anti-american and that paved the way for the normalization of such rhetoric making it easy for syriza to move the centre-left further to the left . 
  the record of history is absolutelly crystal clear . 
  the left succeded when it was liberal . 
  it was only then that it could reach to the majority of people and establish alliances and policies that matter . 
  ( fdr , e. venizelos , l. george , w. wilson , t.blair , b.clinton , j. chr\u00e9tien ) . 
  it is sad watching it rot because of people like corbyn or tsipras . 
  this is true . 
  but i prefer to use the term liberal for the left and the term conservative for the right , because these are two ideologies that have substance . 
  the moment the left became socialist it lost its credibility . 
  this is why the anglosaxon left ( uk labour blairites , us dem liberals etc. ), 
  had more success than their european counterparts . 
  rhetoric matters . 
  by using the word liberal you make that ideology part of the canon again . 
  liberalism is lost in europe because of the loonier ideas of socialism . 
  i , as a conservative , would love to see th left go back to its 19th early 20th centuty liberal roots . 
  the political dialogue would be more mature and pragmatic, 
  actually that divide is pretty much spot on when talking about greece . 
  athens is seen as more progressive and liberal minded . 
  thessaloniki and macedonia in general are seen as more conservative . 
  even in the latest elections where the left won in a landslide , macedonia , thrace and south peloponnese [ voted conservative ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/greek_legislative_elections_sept_2015_map.svg ) also the legendary conservative prime minister and president of greece , konstantinos karamanlis , is from central macedonia . 
  he was very influential and in some circles he has achieved godlike status . 
  a lot of people want to be associated with his legacy especially in serres ( a regional unit in the north ), 
  turkey is a ticking bomb within nato . 
  an ally in name only, 
  macron is a liberal . 
  he is what the left should be . 
  not socialist . 
  fillon is a conservative . 
  he is what the right should be . 
  not christian democrat . 
  i like them both . 
  i do n't think the socialist party can make a comeback if it does n't go liberal . 
  and i do n't think that the right likes to be christian democrat ( so close to social democracy ) . 
  france with either fillon or macron will be on the right direction . 
  le pen on the other hand will be a wrong move .
