  like most imperial entities do throughout history, 
   feel the fucking burn seriously ? 
  how old are you ? 
  seven ? 
  nine ? 
  my comment has to do with the geopolitics of that era and not with the world today . 
  you are immature enough to accuse me of living in the past when i clearly say something out of historical interest . 
  how is that the abolition of public healthcare ? 
  one comment ago i told you clearly that i am all for providing public healthcare for those in need . 
  and that 's why i want it kept to a minimum . 
  people who have money prefer private clinics . 
  that is a fact . 
  private clinics do n't cost the taxpayer money and they still provide healthcare , sometimes with better quality . 
   do yourself a favor and watch sicko oh no you did n't just bring michael moore as a serious argument did you ? 
  the guy who said canadians keep the doors unlocked ? 
  the guy who looks at cuba as a positive example ? 
  he who argued that philosophers should run the oil sector ? 
  can you show me where did i argue for the abolition of public healthcare ? 
  if we follow this kind of argument we might as well argue for euthanasia for old people because they are a cost to our healthcare system . 
  or people with diseases such as alzheimer 's . 
  all i am arguing for is to keep the public spending to a minimum for those in need and lower our costs to the taxpayer via private clinics . 
  mixed system . 
  this is what already happens anyway in a cetrain level . 
  also if a had 100 $ / month i would n't buy one 1 $ soda/day, 
  well you said `` you guys '' . 
  i am not american . 
  also foreign policy and policy regarding civil liberties are two different things . 
   i could 've sworn you guys wanted to eradicate communism to install democracy who are `` you guys '' ? 
  and what on earth does america 's foreign policy have to do with civil libertarianism ? 
  it was paris . 
  i do n't remember the exact place . 
  not far from gare de lyon . 
  it have been a decade since i visited . 
  really liked the food though . 
  you are quite defensive . 
  having you views challenged should n't lead to downplay your interlocutor . 
  i am not a statistics agency . 
  i am talking from experience . 
  as far as payment goes . 
  yeah they pay more . 
  but they can afford to . 
  why would you want to deprive them of this choice ? 
  it 's not like the safety net for the less fortunate goes away . 
  actually i am already canadian . 
  you would be surprised to find out how many canadians go to the us for treatment because of the american superb quality . 
  european arrogance has no limits . 
  the na bashing is really something to watch with amazement . 
  first of all me not having access to free refills is me losing either money or commodity . 
  secondly what i mean by saying `` the individual should pay '' is that i should put money into my own healthcare and not force anyone to have to pay for my own choices . 
  lastly just because * you * want to consume less soda it doens ' t mean that everyone else has to follow the same path . 
  it comes down to individual choices . 
  i know you would feel excellent in a society where everyone had the same mindset as you but people are diverse . 
  my stupid behavior * should n't * cost anything to the community . 
  and the community * should n't * enforce their behavior to an individual as long as the individual is not harming anyone . 
  stupid behavior should be paid by the individual with the stupid behavior . 
  if you think that universal healthcare has no drawbacks think again . 
  where i live in water refills are free . 
  also bread is free in almost all taverns . 
  but then again we are bankrupt . 
  i remember visiting france a lot of years ago and every single greek that was with me was shocked that you have to pay for water or bread in restaurants . 
  i am not talking about public smoking . 
  you can smoke at home or outside of public buildings etc. 
  buying them is the issue . 
  as far as cost goes . 
  i do n't care what it costs to private clinics . 
  that is why i want smaller public healthcare . 
  again i am not talking about the abolition of it but its improvement through decentralization . 
  [ in a swiss manner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amg1d4z-4oy ) . 
  that is why i mentioned canada . 
  which is basically usa with universal healthcare . 
  you can have healthcare and choices . 
  and at the end of the day the healthcare system is mixed . 
  and people who have the money usually prefer private clinics . 
  i just do n't like the idea of enforcing our believs to others just because we think it is a good idea . 
  and look i get what you are saying . 
  take smoking for instance . 
  i myself never had a cigarette . 
  but i would never want to ban smoking or raise taxes on a product that people like to use just because i disagree with its usage . 
  is it bad for ones health ? 
  sure . 
  do i care if one like to enjoy harmful substances ? 
  that is one of the flaws of universal healthcare . 
  but that is no excuse to supress individual rights and choices . 
  last time i visited canada and had a burger there i also had unlimited and free refills . 
  the anglosaxons get it . 
  made me laugh . 
  got ta love the swanson, 
  absolutely stupid . 
  why does the government care about what an individual wants to put in his body ? 
  and not only it cares , it also forces the opinion of the legislator on the general public . 
  we have the freedom of choice . 
  i choose whether i want to keep drinking or not . 
  i choose whether to go to a company that has such offers or not . 
  i am responsible for my own health . 
  why is switzerland so rich ? 
  because it is a decentralized capitalist economy usually run by the conservative svp swiss people 's party which promotes jeffersonian ideals . 
  socialists in europe should definatelly look at switzerland for lessons on how to run things . 
  ludwig erhard is rolling in his grave watching europe diving deeper and deeper inside the belly of the beast ( social democracy ) . 
  well yeah . 
  the british and the americans are pretty close culturally .
