  in a couple of month we may visit with drachmas instead of euros . 
  i 'll make sure to make up the difference by bringing some moussaka as well . 
  it is disqusting anyway, 
  this guy is a master troll but still i am so triggered so i am not going to visit bansko for skiing like a was planning to . 
  everyone says that they want firm control of the * european * borders . 
  especially if you want to win an election during this time . 
  juppe was pretty open to immigration and not strong on the assimilation process . 
  the conservative wing of the republican party mocked him for being too idealistic . 
  have a look at sarkozy 's comment about juppe . 
  [ he has been attacked by sarkozy 's camp as a na\u00efve idealist , foolish to preach happiness in a country where more than 230 people have been killed in terrorist attacks in little more than 18 months , as the political class questions islam 's place in french society and more than 3 million people are unemployed . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/14/alain-juppe-france-prophet-happiness-presidential-wows-rally-crowd ), 
  i have n't heard macron speak about firm border control , the dangers of cultural relativism etc. 
  he is a liberal centrist because on the one hand he is pro-business and on the other hand he is social liberal . 
  as far as juppe goes he run as the moderate centrist during the republican election in contrast to fillon being the rightist . 
  but he is not right wing in general . 
  he is a liberal centrist . 
  center-left probably . 
  and a lot of times when it comes to supporting a candidate not being right wing is enough for some people . 
  i had people on this sub literally tell me that they believe that fillon would impose a theocracy in france if he gets elected . 
  people on / r/europe are generally left leaning . 
  that is why . 
  and just to be clear because i think there is a misunderstanding . 
  i * do n't * support macron . 
  i am a conservative . 
  when did i say that i want him to win ? 
  some polls give fillon 20 % and macron 21 % . 
  i do n't think it is settled yet . 
  seriously who will vote for the ps after the hollande disaster ? 
  socialists are obsolete . 
  this is a race between macron , fillon and le pen . 
   he is also somewhat to the right what ? 
  the guy proudly calls himself a marxist . 
  also people do n't like him because of his negotiation tactics against the eu and the imf . 
  nobody cares about valve, 
   this week the imf will publish a new report on the state of the greek economy within which some pretty scary numbers are expected to get scarier . 
  leaks from a preliminary report a couple of weeks ago sent bond yields spiking and the euro lower as figures suggested that the country would see an ` explosive ' increase in its debt levels in the coming decades , reminding europe of greece 's debt crisis and even the possibility of `` grexit . '', 
   greece is due to pay back 26.1 billion euros of debt in 2017 but will be unable to unless further funds are leant or debt forgiveness is put into place . 
  the greatest opponent of debt relief , germany , has hinted in the past that it is open to the possibility of debt relief and an agreement will be sought . 
  it will come as no surprise that the stick that accompanies this carrot is to enact long-needed further pension and spending reforms . 
  because the ez is not only a greek matter but it involves other countries too . 
  wanting to conserve our liberal institutions from undesirable change * is * as conservative as it gets . 
  and conservative is not a bad word . 
  seriously ? 
  sad . 
  his presentations were always fun to watch and easy to follow . 
  great guy, 
  a similar position was taken some years ago i believe by russia . 
  ahh the good old days ... make the greco-roman world great again !, 
  when were they not broke ? 
  i am pretty sure they were already used to it . 
  [ this is the song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbfnzabnp_a ) [ this is the version that is used on the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjofa8bkaas ), 
  the more i use this subreddit the more i come to the conclusion that continental europeans have zero understanding of what conservatism ( as it is used in the anglosphere ) really is . 
  trying to make the connection between may and erdogan ... i mean ... wow . 
  i am speechless, 
   they 're all part of the resurgence of the right so you think may 's conservative right is the same as erdogan 's reactionary ideology ? 
  you know this is nonsense, 
  may in the same category as erdogan ? 
  that is some supreme ignorance, 
  it would definitely make a great name for a bowling competition, 
  relevant links : [ the european branch of the international federation of american football ] ( http://www.ifafeurope.org/ ) [ american football international - europe ] ( http://www.americanfootballinternational.com/category/europe/ ), 
  i am surprised to see that greece is at 50 % when it comes to `` being born in the country '' you can hardly find anyone that will tell you that greeks of the greek diaspora are not part of the nation . 
  there have been talks lately about giving them the right to vote too . 
  we follow the jus sanguinis principle anyway . 
   our system is okay but we still have too much bickering to get much done even with our two-party system . 
  in one of my comments here i have said that i view this as a good thing because it prevents overextention of one certain ideology . 
  i think scalia points that out pretty clearly [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggz_gd--uo0 )  i like that europe has more extreme parties . 
  more freedom in politics . 
  remember that extreme parties can take over . 
  i will give you an example . 
  in my country the now governing party ( syriza ) was considered a far left socialist party . 
  they are now the ruling party . 
  during their first days they had zero experience . 
  our pm 's political experience was protesting . 
  that 's all . 
  thanks to that we now `` celebrate '' our 2 years of imposed capital controls on banks . 
  and that is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  as far as the two party system goes , the two parties do n't supress ideologies . 
  they are big-tent parties that host different views . 
  for instance a libertarian is welcome to lead the gop if he manages to convice his fellow republicans . 
  a conservative can do the same . 
  a moderate can do the same . 
  these big parties are open and that it why they transform throughout the years . 
  i know where it originated from . 
  but as i said in my previous comment europe was pretty reactionary compared to the us . 
  the ideas of the englightenment played a major role during the founding of the usa . 
  the absence of aristocracy and divine right also made it easier for the enlightenment ideas to flourish in the us . 
  in europe these ideas faced great reaction . 
  haha i know right ? 
  it 's great when we agree with people we usually disagree with . 
  open dialogue at work . 
  the first amandement at work . 
  he was a very educated guy . 
  smart and humble . 
  well i am not sure about that . 
  i am not totally informed on the matter so i would n't feel confortable expressing an opinion . 
  sorry but as far as gridlock goes there is a good in it , i think . 
  the prevention of overextending the power of one party over the other . 
  i watched [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggz_gd--uo0 ) the other night and i found it pretty interesting . 
  he points out some things about the gridlock specifically in washington . 
  well this is why i made the following case :  the two party system breeds the center .
