  both the creditors and the greek institutions are to blame . 
  the question is how do we move from here ? 
  if we want further european integration the north needs to understand that greece is a european state too and not a vacation resort . 
  people live here . 
  and that means that they will have to care about that state as they care about their own . 
  just a rhetorical question . 
  what would be the answer if the germans were asked to devalue the ~ ~ deutsche mark ~ ~ euro in order to help the south ? 
  we all know that will not happen . 
  how long will it take for the austerity measures to bring the market to an equilibrium ? 
  i am not proposing ending austerity . 
  which is needed . 
  i am just entertaining thoughts . 
  the greek government on their part will have to relentlessly reform . 
  that means end the clientalistic system of the past governments . 
  even if that means unrest from certain unions . 
  our socialist government is not willing to do that . 
  they are inventing new state positions in order to hire more future voters as we speak . 
  if we do n't care about the european integration then we all know what to do . 
  and that will only cause further populist sentiment in the north . 
   there 's always problems and does that mean that we should stand by and watch ? 
  and you are telling me that your post follows the same binary logic that you denounced earlier ? 
  `` if they say this , i say that '', 
  hate and safety are two different things . 
  i did n't say anything about hating anyone . 
  but you ca n't solve a problem if you ca n't name it first . 
  and my point is that your post works towards creating a `` no problem here , move on '' consensus, 
  so if you understand that things like that happen why do n't you ask for action to stop such acts instead of telling us that everything is fine ? 
  i myself have been robbed by illegals . 
  do you want to tell me why should i think that everythink is as awesome as ever ? 
  and the point of your post is ? 
  tell us that there is no problem with illegals across europe ? 
  mind commenting on the following links ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnfn84p8utq ) ( nsfw ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waeyop_inui ) ? 
   it 's fueled by hysterical msm coverage hysterical is a pretty gentle way of putting it . 
  well if you are upper middle class and live in a city like stockholm you probably lead a confortable life detached from the struggles of someone living near borders or an isolated farm vurnable to crime away from the police . 
  would you mind telling us your age and area of residence and even your social status so we can understand your perspective ? 
  just saying we do n't have a problem is n't enough, 
  you yourself said that the book talks about turkification but i am not sure you got into much detail about that . 
  about what turkification meant for non turks . 
   why do you bringing up that trio ? 
  because i want you to point out how kemal was beneficial towards his subjects . 
  the non turk variety, 
  tillerson is not sane ? 
  mnuchin ? 
  ross ? 
  cmon ... you may disagree with them on certain issues but this extreme trumphobia we see is irrational . 
  even for him personally the us system has made sure to keep him in check with its genius system of checks and balances . 
  this whole chunk of words you wrote is wrong on so many levels ...  atat\u00fcrk was a nation builder , that does n't mean oppressor . 
  nation building and oppression are not linked . 
  someone can be both . 
   fascists twisted darwin 's theories for scientific basis for their ideology as social darwinism social darwinism was a product of british liberalism not fascism . 
   instead of what hitler thought he knew about him , i 'd rather look at atat\u00fcrk 's foreign policy against rising fascism one can be fascist and still fight against other fascists . 
  have a look at metaxas . 
   also he openly talked about dangers of fascism and nazism . 
  that does n't excuse his brutallity  secularism was n't alone [ ... ] quickly as he did you can modernize a society and still be an oppressor . 
  one word . 
  stalin . 
   this does n't make any sense . 
  you are arguing against cherry picking but when i pointed out that book argues masters of cherry picking cherry picked ( say that three times fast ) atat\u00fcrk 's policies does that mean he is to blame somehow ? 
  is it beethoven 's fault that nazis used him as such ? 
  you did n't quite get what i said . 
  so let 's go again . 
  i pointed out that book so that you can see that the things that nazis cherry picked * existed * . 
  that is of course the brutal ways of kemal . 
  if the nazis saw something in him was this . 
  do n't try and hide it behind modernization and other positive things that kemal may did . 
  are you fucking kidding with me ? 
  can you point out how kemal was not a brutal warlord ? 
  how in his effort to establish turkey protected the assyrian , greek or armenian populations because he was such a benevolent progressive leader ? 
  mattis is there because trump picked him though . 
  just sayin ', 
  i am not pointing to that book to inform you about nazi cherry picking . 
  i am suggesting it so you can see that what the nazis cherry picked existed . 
  i am not pro-erdogan i should point that out to because this is the internet and people assume stuff . 
   you should praise people for their success of course . 
  while we are at it let 's praise the third reich for its successes in battle too . 
  maybe the terrorists that succeded in their missions of bringing down the twin towers ? 
  just admit it . 
  kemal had successes but that does n't change the fact that he was a brutal warlord, 
  so it comes down to what i have said . 
  someone can be good at a certain point in time for some people but that does n't mean he should be praised as a god ( like many people do for kemal )  what does it have to do with instutions?also turkey under atat\u00fcrk grew 8-10 % a year while the number under erdo\u011fan is % 4,6 in a year . 
  first of all i can write enough about how wrong it is to compare percentages of the early 20th century with percentages of the early 21st century . 
  i hope you understand that too . 
   i never claimed atat\u00fcrk was liberal enough but considering his rivals ( aka hardcore communist , shaira supporters or hardcore nationalist ) he was the best one . 
  i would have picked kemal too . 
  you go with what you have . 
  but i am not going to give him the status of a illuminated godlike figure . 
  and you know many people give him such status, 
  he was part of the turkish national movement . 
  if your research comes down to ctrl + fing through wiki pages then i am not surprised but the op original article, 
  [ yes he was ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) the t\u00fcrk ulusal hareketi in its effort to found the new state were unforgivably brutal towards whatever it stood in their way as they saw it . 
  erdogan almost [ doubled the purchasing power ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/gdp-per-capita-ppp ) of the turks . 
   also atat\u00fcrk was harsh against everyone who stood in his way so liberal of him eh ? 
   atat\u00fcrk not only modernized the country.as i said he also secukarized , industralized it so did stalin ? 
  should i praise that murderer too ? 
  again as i said . 
  cherry picking, 
  i am not saying that ataturk was not an important figure that did good to the turkish people . 
  i am saying that he is not the great godlike figure many claim he was . 
  he was brutal against non-turkish minorities even if they were ottoman subjects such as the pontic greeks and that is often forgotten .
