   do n't you have universal healthcare ? 
  do you like it ? 
  the gop does n't seem to like it . 
  it is ok . 
  but a lot of canadians i know prefer to travel to the us for various operations since their treatment is of higher quality . 
  so it is not black and white . 
  as far as the gop not liking it . 
  again not quite true . 
  romney had this healthcare plan as governor that was quite similar to obama 's proposals . 
  kasich is pro-universal healthcare . 
  you get the idea . 
  again . 
  not black and white . 
   who would disagree that they destroyed iraq against international law ? 
  all you have to do is to take a look at today 's iraq-us relations and what politicians involed are for withdrawal, 
  that 's how others like to think of the gop . 
  in reality , and we can confirm that from gop presidents , the gop is pretty ok . 
  both parties in the us work . 
  first of all you have to submit a flight plan before entering anywere . 
  secondly i am pretty sure your aircrafts flying over greek citizens living on lemnos or lesvos is you violating greek airspace . 
  lastly  would you have preferred us actually flying over your territorial waters , not just your fir ? 
  how about you stay on the ground and not try to provoce anything ? 
  how would you react if greeks or bulgarians started flying over turkey just because ? 
  yeah sure i am pretty sure [ this ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/turkish-minister-agathonisi-is-turkish-territory/ ) has nothing to do with your aircrafts flying over the aegean . 
  to be honest i would n't be able to keep a straight face too . 
  the guy on the right makes a pretty good turkish impression . 
  ca n't really translate sorry . 
  they are either speaking actual turkish or they are speaking gibberish with turkish accent . 
  my bet is on the latter . 
  if we ignore them they may think that it is ok for them to fly over our sea and islands . 
  it wo n't be long untill they start to make claims on various islands  maybe radio a few jokes to them . 
  upload to youtube . 
  [ we still make jokes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evlneyonps4 ), 
  yea i am aware of that . 
  what troubles me is that eu bureacracy may prolong the procedure . 
  i have always voted pro-eu and pro-military . 
  that being said my vote alone counts for next to nothing . 
  we need to be vocal about some issues in order to raise awareness and attract more votes . 
  it is one thing to counter these violations under the greek flag and another under the eu flag . 
  there is enormous difference . 
   but he was a pretty far right nutjob what ? 
  he was the most praised conservative columnist of the time . 
  i mean the whole national review runs on his legacy . 
  he even many times co appeared and got into respectable debates with other respectable left wingers such as c. hitchens . 
  i really do n't know where that `` nutjob '' thing you speak of come from . 
   yeah , i do n't know enough about australia , canada , or new-zealand . 
  take my word for it . 
  i am canadian . 
   but obviously the us and uk generally are insane nations . 
  happily destroying nations with no respect for international law . 
  your opinion of course . 
  many would disagree . 
  an eu that respects itself should bring eu aircrafts at the greek borders ( which are eu borders too ) in order to make a statement . 
  turkey 's violations of greek airspace violate the airspace of the union too . 
  juncker better speak up on this issue . 
  not to mention any funding that turkey may provide to extremist groups in the balkans and especially thrace . 
  we have a mini russia to deal with here . 
  christian democrats are not for individial liberty and small government . 
  in their manifesto some years ago they rejected libertarianism and favored communitarianism . 
  there are pretty centrist sometimes center-right . 
  but not conservative . 
  stephen harper is a conservative . 
  daniel hannan is a conservative . 
  not herman van rompuy , not juncker . 
  well that is true . 
  you could say that these parties have become more and more liberal and less socialistic . 
  but just to make the distinction with the alde liberals we call them social democrats . 
  social democracy today is pretty much blairite and clintonite . 
  third way centrist . 
   but that means that the social-democrats became more conservative social democrats became more conservative . 
  that is true . 
  take a look at the people who supported blair . 
  even ultra conservative murdoch support him . 
   not that the conservatives became social-democrats . 
  i did n't say conservatives . 
  i said christian democrats . 
  herman rompuy is a christian democrat , not a conservative . 
   conservatism is the dominant european ideology right now . 
  the epp is christian democrat . 
  not conservative . 
   and on an national level . 
  my radical far left government taxes small businesses 70 cents out of every euro they make . 
  how is that conservative ? 
  this is big government on steroids, 
   conservatives ( / eurosceptics ) my point is that there is a need for a pro european and not eurosceptic conservative movement in europe . 
  this can be achieved if we model this movement after the conservative parties of the anglosphere ( usa gop , canada conservative party , australia liberal party , new zealand national party etc. ), 
  and not the current christian democratic parties of continental europe, 
  do you even bother reading comments before commenting ? 
  i have answer this two times already . 
  but here we go again :  the epp is a centrist christian democrat party . 
  it is a member of the centrist democrat international . 
   they do n't have anything in common with what we call conservative today . 
  the kind of william f. buckley jr. conservatism . 
  and that is economic liberalism coupled with fiscal conservatism , realpolitik and strong defence instead of internationalist liberalism via the un , strong emphasis on individual rights and what we generally call libertarian ideals , small government , cultural cohesion and more decentralization . 
  just because you do n't like something it does n't mean it is batshit insane . 
  in the anglosphere conservatism is mainstream . 
  did n't you read my original comment ? 
  the ecr has several problems . 
  first of all it is not a pro-eu conservative party as i said . 
  secondly it consists of parties that are not really conservative * with the exception * of the uk conservative party .
