because it 's horseshit . 
  imagine if every dialogue had to start the same way you start your sentence . 
  i would argue that marxism is regressive and not progressive because instead of seeking progress it looks for ways to destroy already existing institutions and replacing them with untested ideas . 
  empirically talking this has lead to great disasters . 
  progressivism on the other hand is expands on the existing . 
  and not only that but it does n't demonize alternatives such as conservative or libertarian ideas . 
  which means it works great in a democracy that seeks compromise and broader coalitions . 
  edit : typo, 
  nowhere in that sentence i address how science works . 
  how did you come up with `` that 's not how science works '' ? 
  amazing, 
   marxism view a class conflict as a way the societes are achieving progress exactly . 
  a view that progressives do not share . 
  totally different ideologies, 
  actually there is . 
  marxists view class conflict as a reality that just is but in the other hand progressives view class conflict as a problem that we can eliminate or bypass by improving our institutions such as education . 
  leading progressive figures such as theodore roosovelt or charles evans hughes never used class struggle rhetoric nor did they advocated marxian economics . 
  instead they worked within the capitalist system . 
  what makes you think that unions and strikes and the labor movement in general is a marxist phenomenon ? 
  the societies i point to addressed these issues via progressivism and not marxism . 
  utopia is not for this world . 
  you ca n't point to me to any society or even small experiments within societies that have eliminated what you call class struggle . 
  saying that the progressives failed to eliminate social conflict by saying that there still is conflict does n't say much . 
  til that marx was just addressing the russians . 
  well i am certainly not going to argue with a `` good guys socialists , bad guys conservatives '' man on reddit . 
   are you saying social conflict - whatever nature that conflict has , be it organised , peaceful , violent , whatever - does n't exist in the usa , australia , etc. 
  because that 's just extremely naive . 
  before i continue let me say this . 
  how about you stop trying to paint my views using words like `` naive '' and instead attack me on substance ? 
  that will make it easier for both of us . 
  now on to substance . 
  yes there is conflict in the us or australia . 
  it was addressed differently though . 
  not via marxist mean but through progressivism . 
   again , when big companies push for government protection ... that is also class struggle . 
  you view as class struggle . 
  they just view it as a better deal for them . 
  implying that it is class struggle is implying that the businesses cares about the class issue while addressing and pushing for such regulations . 
  self interest is not class interest . 
   so why do unions in the usa try to negotiate for better pay ? 
  [ ... ] why do labour unions exist ? 
  again they exist to promote and safeguard in their own view a better deal for themselves . 
  nothing to do with class . 
  have you ever been to a turkish bazaar ? 
  you negotiate your way through everything . 
  not because of class . 
  but because you see room for improvement . 
   in a social term , `` conflict '' does n't mean , bitter , violent , hateful struggle . 
  agree . 
  but you imply that there is conflict to begin with . 
  me wanting a better deal for myself is not conflict . 
  i do n't have to box myself into a class and talk with my boss about my conditions through these lens . 
   in a society with classes , you can not avoid class struggle progressives in the us took another path . 
  they viewed class struggle as a problem and not a reality . 
  and they though that the betterment of institution would lead to the reduction of that phenomenon . 
  [ here ] ( https://www2.gwu.edu/~erpapers/teachinger/glossary/progressive-era.cfm ) are the eleanor roosevelt papers project from george washington university . 
  it is for pretty good work on progressivism . 
   your original claim was that na societies were not affected by class-conflict rhetoric yes  then you claim they were not important they ? 
  if you mean the people you talked about class conflict then yes . 
  they were irrelevant . 
  which is in agreement with my first claim so i changed nothing . 
   now you claim they were but not marxist what i said is not marxist is the labor laws . 
  not the movement of the people pushing for class conflict . 
  i attribute these laws to progressives and not marxists . 
  which again shows that i didn `` t move any goalpost as you say . 
  pretty consistent . 
  the `` us vs them '' notion that you describe here is rooted in conflict . 
  for some reason you think that unions do n't push for deregulation or that big companies do n't push for government protection . 
  you have a very black and white view of things . 
  while there are richer and poorer people that does n't mean there has to be conflict or advances of one class against the other . 
  the americans for instance addressed these issues via progressivism . 
  pushing for the betterment of institutions in order to avoid class struggle which they saw as a problem not a reality that we have to accept . 
  nothing to do with marxism . 
  government regulation and provisions on labor was a thing way before marxism . 
  in societies like the american , these more modern outcomes such as the 8 hour labor day were a result progressivism . 
  an ideology that was not rooted in class conflict like marxism was . 
  progressives viewed class warfare as a problem that could be addressed under better institutions like better education, 
   the `` class struggle '' as marx describes it is n't something to be organised or advocated , but a social process that just exists . 
  `` it just exists '' is not a real argument . 
  just be saying `` it is class struggle '' it does n't make it a consequence of `` class struggle '' . 
  i again point you to anglosaxon societies were marx 's influence was weaker . 
  we do n't see these violent urges among the people in a large and significant scale . 
  not to the extent that it would influence national policy . 
  the lack of socialism in general in these countries is still evident today . 
  even the anglosaxon labor parties are in reality liberal and keynesian . 
  wicksell ideas were pretty much similar to that of keynes . 
  and of course you ca n't deny keynes ' influence of economics even if you not even a keynesian . 
  as far as schumpeter goes i told you . 
  he got his phd under von bawerk and was strongly influenced by him . 
  nothing is black and white . 
  you ca n't strictly frame economists in boxes . 
  marxists like to think of their analysis as science so that it would be harder for other to critique it . 
  karl popper of course [ debunked that claim ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf-sgqbswv4 ), 
  societies that were not influenced by marx ( societies like australia or the na ) did n't experience great violence and revolutions even during the great depression . 
  it was marx and his general talks about `` chains '' that lead to different interpretations and of course violence and terror . 
   `` if the bourgeoisie attempts to stop us with violence , we will resort to it too '' were does this come from ? 
  i pointed you to a specific quote from the manifesto . 
  marx was talking generally about `` chains '' and `` opression '' without being specific . 
  no wonder violence come out of it . 
  schumpeter was too tutored under eugen bohn von bawerk and had a tremendous influence on economics .
