   you blame the syriza gov / blackblock radical leftists for everything that is happening in greece where did this come from ? 
  i never said anything like this . 
  again i can point you to many of my comments attacking conservative governments in greece . 
   i did n't say all right wing did ( albeit the us republicans do ; i am sorry to break your bubble but the epp and the ecr every us elections cycle open new networks with gop officials . 
  there was tremendous lobbying for marco rubio and jeb bush this election . 
  how do i know this ? 
  i am active in both conservative parties in greece ( nd/epp ) and the canadian conservative party ( i am canadian too ) . 
  the canadian one is extremelly close to the gop . 
  my quess will be that the books i asked for are michael moore documentaries . 
   nazism is fringe right wing yeah im pretty sure hitler was a big fan of right wing people like edmund burke , robert peel and alexis de tocqueville . 
  for some reason you seem to believe that right wing equals genocide . 
  i wonder what great reads suggested that . 
   racistic ultra reactionarist ultra radical murderous conservatism yeah . 
  you totally seem to believe that . 
   nazism hate by design concepts such as workers , democracy , liberalism , higher pay , decent conditions , minimal wages , social equality , progressivism , lack of religion or any other concept which is the founding basis of left wing politics . 
  yea because right wingers hate workers , democracy , liberalism , higher pay , decent conditions etc. 
  these evil right wing people wanting social decay and stuff . 
  can you please point me to the books or other sources that you read ? 
  i am really interested to see where did you get these ideas about conservatism from . 
  they are fascinating . 
   you declare that nazis and commies are the same thing . 
  i said they are both leftists . 
  you understand that within the left wing spectrum there are different ideologies right ? 
  ancoms are leftists , stalinists are leftists , demsocs are leftists . 
  you seem to have a pretty shallow understanding of this . 
   i 'm pointing out this is total nonsense and there are no relations saying `` this is nonsense '' is not an argument . 
  you are not pointing out anything . 
  you first ask me about the relation between syriza and gd . 
  i answer and then you answer `` i am not interested '' . 
  [ really ? 
  nazism was heavily influenced by fascism and people like georges sorel . 
  economically speaking they were socialists , they favored a collectivist approach to the structure of society , they loathed capitalism and attacked it as a jewish tool , goebbels wrote in his diary about how many similarities there were between the reich and the soviet union etc. 
   pray tell , you think syriza and the golden dawn are the same thing ? 
  modern day syriza or old school syriza ? 
  because modern day syriza has made some moves towards the centre left . 
  if we are talking about old school syriza then yes there are similarities . 
  they are not the same but there are similarities . 
  golden dawn once praises che on their old newspaper . 
  i can send you videos with syriza members talking about how they must breed violence and chaos . 
   those could be videos out of context for all i know i can translate and explain every single of them but you say this is not on your priorities . 
  the fact remains there for everyone who wishes to learn about the situation though . 
   n the middle of a disinformation campaign sponsored by 2 hostiles powers ( both russia & the republicans ) what does any of the russia-usa thing have to do with this ? 
   frame leftists as `` the new nazis '' . 
  nazis were leftists to begin with . 
  in greece there is a serious issue with the practices of left wing groups . 
  there is no punishment , no law , no order . 
  here are a few examples : acts of `` social justice '' : [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1ui8cncca0 ) , [ two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwqhkbdnpz4 ) , [ three ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dkd65wdnhy ) etc. 
  activity on university campus : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjshsxska00 ) not to mention the `` peaceful '' riots athens is famous for : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mi9-ipg_xc ) i can go on forever . 
   i will need to see proof for that . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ictw4wcdg-4 ) you go . 
  these chants are coming from socialist groups . 
  they have surrounded a store and prevent people from shopping there . 
  the guy inside is a member of the city council that tried to shop . 
  the police is outside of the store trying to protect him . 
  edit : typo, 
  watch the original picture of the post again and you will understand . 
  i get that this is a joke . 
  i even upvoted because i find it funny and true . 
  the thing is that you did n't get that my comment is a joke too . 
  sure it includes * historical facts * but i brought them up in order to serve the purpose of the joke . 
  i really want to comment something about ancient ( actual ) macedonians and them being greeks . 
  you know . 
  greek speaking people , worshipping greek gods , taking part in the greek only olympics , alexander referring to himself as king of greeks etc. 
  just to prove the point of your post . 
  maybe something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55tgpvki3rw ) * but then again i think i just did . 
  edgy socialists are at it again . 
  sadly their comrades are in government at the moment and that means that probably there wo n't be any punishment . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/wvcv1az ) is some sad european history . 
  greece has a huge fleet and the industry employs many people even today . 
  even low skilled workers can find a good paying job . 
  so if it works , it seems that there is no problem . 
  i almost got triggered . 
   managed to get power in the chaotic times who is in power during times of revolt has nothing to do with politics . 
  it has more to do with power within the revolting structures . 
  sure he was smart enough to be on top but that does n't add to his political knowledge . 
  props to him for realizing his mistakes and introducing the nep . 
  i believe it had more to do with russian domestic issues of the times rather than germany winning or not . 
  many of the russian woes of the time had to do with wwi for sure but we should have in mind that it was a time in russia were tremendous reforms were taking place . 
  a society that changes fast coupled with war is definitely not a stable situation . 
  lenin was a terrorist . 
  nothing more . 
  not only that . 
  he was completely ignorant of actual politics . 
  this is why when he tried to abolish anything capitalist soon he understood that he made a mistake and then he introduced the new economic policy ( which was capitalism without making it sound capitalism so that the comrades can sleep at night ) . 
  had the bolsheviks not taken over , russia would today be much better off . 
  both economically and politically . 
  not only that but they would also be a better ally to eastern europe , the anglosphere and the west in general . 
  people often talk about the stalin era but they forget that it was n't just stalin . 
  ever since its inception the soviet union struck terror and death to the people of eastern europe . 
  cheka was an instrument of death . 
  take a chill pill . 
  i did n't call him a scumbag neither i say he was n't . 
  my objection is about the reasoning behind calling him whatever . 
  this is why i said `` even if that makes him a scumbag , his laissez faire point is highly inaccurate '' . 
  i did n't justify anything or anyone . 
  why did you stop reading at my second line ? 
  my point is that it is not about laissez-faire but about his belief in the god sent punishment of the irish and his malthusian population ideals . 
   calling us `` ottomans '' when talking policy we refer to the state , not the population . 
   i can not call you byzantines on every political difference then expect you to embrace me or the friendly ideology i stand for , right ? 
  i have no problem with you calling me byzantine .
