   majority of them do n't have a record . 
  they are new . 
  they have a record in the private or public sector . 
  they have a portofolio and a resume . 
  no one comes out of nowhere . 
   policy affects women too . 
  men too . 
  what 's your point ? 
   how do you know who is the good or bad politician if they were n't elected before ? 
  this is why you vote for politicians from your province/principality or however your country is divided . 
  you know them from local activity . 
  if you do n't know anyone you do n't vote for inexperienced people . 
  look at their record . 
   do n't forget more than 50 % of french population are women and the parliament has less than 10 % of women . 
  again . 
  nothing that needs to worry us . 
  because we do n't care about gender but we care * only * about policy . 
  why would i have a problem ? 
  they only problem is that by trying to make a gender equal ballot there is a possibility that you may miss some people that are better than others just because `` we have enough men/women '' let 's suppose you have to make a 10 people ballot . 
  and you have to pick from a pool of 20 people . 
  and let 's suppose that out of these 20 people we have 15 women and 5 men . 
  now let 's suppose that out of the 15 women 8 women are great politicians , 2 are above average and the rest are bad . 
  also all 5 men are bad politicians . 
  would you go for a 5-5 ballot or a 10 woman ballot ? 
  i would go with 10 women . 
  because of skill . 
  simple as that . 
  no gender involved . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't vote for a politician according to his or her gender . 
  i have voted for both men and women over the years but their gender was not my criteria . 
  i could n't care less if the parliament is women or men dominated . 
  the only thing i care about is their ability to get the job done . 
  if you can get a dog that gets the job done i would vote for the dog . 
  that is nonsense . 
  do you believe that women should be represented politically only by women ? 
  mps represent politics and areas . 
  not gender . 
  skill , representation etc. 
  these are things that you vote on that is correct . 
  gender is not . 
  trying to have a `` gender equal '' ballot is absurd . 
  were did i do that ? 
  i used an example . 
  it could have been the other way around . 
  women can be great politicians too ( merkel , thatcher etc. ) . 
  we should focus on their skill instead of their gender . 
  still gender should n't have anything to do with this . 
  skill over gender, 
  because by making a cabinet `` gender equal '' you can leave outside of the administration more skillful people . 
  picking politicians based on gender is stupid . 
  no one cares about a politician 's gender as long as the job is done . 
  if a man is better than a woman for a certain position are you going to pick the woman over the man just to be `` gender equal '' ? 
  what 's next ? 
  going full trudeau and justifying this because of the date ? 
  smh, 
  european far right parties are statist . 
  the gop is pro deregulation . 
  european far right parties are against nato . 
  the gop is pro nato . 
  european far right parties are collectivists and ethnic nationalists . 
  the gop is individualist , civic nationalist and supports things like the 1st amendment . 
  do i need to go on ? 
  there is nothing common between the gop and the far right in europe . 
  european far right people would lose their minds in a conversation with marco rubio or lindsey graham . 
  the svp in switzerland is more like the canadian conservatives or the american gop . 
  your everyday conservative party . 
  more jeffersonian than nationalist . 
   the americans instituted free speech because `` the freedom of the press is one of the greatest bulwarks of liberty , and can never be restrained but by despotic governments . '', 
  the americans are right about this among other things . 
   eu as it currently is , is not a voluntary coalition of freethinking citizens , but a government-supported integration project . 
  it relies on governments having an amount of despoticism ( that 's why non-socialist , liberal countries will not integrate well , and indeed uk is leaving ) . 
  sadly this is true . 
  sooner or later though we will have to plant the seeds of liberty on eu soil . 
   a better way to do it would be to use the us common-law model . 
  i am for this a hundred percent . 
  be careful though . 
  saying stuff like this here will attract arrogant eurofanatics that believe in european moral and institutional superiority . 
   lol , this is how you get fascism . 
  no hate speech laws equals fascism ? 
  on what universe ? 
   `` i have never read a history book . 
  europe needs cancer . '', 
  just look at the us , they have fucking trump as president . 
  so no thanks . 
  europe needs to learn from the us constitution . 
  attacking this claim by pointing me to a months old presidency achieves nothing . 
  there should n't be any hate speech laws because hate speech can not be defined . 
  \u0395xhortation of violence and other similar kinds of remarks can sure be targeted by law . 
  but the obscurity of hate speech can be used to silence opposing views etc. 
  europe needs a 1st amendment . 
   there 's plenty of comments with explanation of why he is wrong and oversimplifying and this is what i ask for . 
  i am trying to counter the raw dismissal that comes from certain people . 
   you have to read them though , you might not like to do that . 
  i am always looking for counter arguments . 
  i love reading other 's opinions and debating them . 
  i do n't know where did you pull that i might not like that out from . 
   if you 're interested further i could recommend some books . 
  yea sure . 
  i have read fields , factories and workshops by kropotkin .
