  it 's conceivable that turkey would come closer to the eu in order to advance some other foreign goal but that 's about it . 
  i guess you are right about that . 
  maybe eu friendly would be a better use of words . 
  or at least not igniting unecessary tentions with anti-west and anti-eu talk . 
   actually , we have no way of knowing that . 
  no country has ever reached the socialist stage . 
  they all got stuck in the state capitalism stage and never really departed from it . 
  the `` not real socialism '' argument . 
  if it was n't for stalin eh ? 
  ...  the guy who said `` we all ate together '' has potential ? 
  that was pangalos . 
   what matters is that nd will stick to their ideological guns and make the poor poorer and the rich richer . 
  the poor had it better under nd than they do under the current socialist government . 
   a proper parliamentary democracy would have smaller parties challenging the big boys on smaller platforms and eventually get absorbed by them . 
  yea turkey needs to lower that threshold for sure . 
  there needs to be a renewal in the parliament . 
   she ( and \u00d6zal ) was the one to oversee turkey 's total integration into the world market/economic order . 
  \u00c7iller and \u00d6zal ( especially \u00c7iller ) while being great reformers as far as the economy goes , they were really aggressive neighbors . 
  \u00d6zal almost invaded thasos and \u00c7iller even said that she would send turkish army in athens . 
  not to mention that she * probably * supported the coup in azerbaijan . 
  definatelly not a very pro-eu way of acting . 
   nevermind the fact that the hdp is one of the few forces in our neighbour country that 's giving a shit about human rights and democracy . 
  they 're socialists so that 's enough for you to say `` fuck 'em '' , right ? 
  how would they even establish a state with healthy human rights and democracy if the state is not functional ? 
  socialism leads to dysfunctions , corruption and poverty . 
  turkey needs a new party that will take on the old establishment . 
   pasok itself is a remnant of what it used to be . 
  you can hardly call this pasok anymore . 
  i really ca n't see why they even waste their time with that party . 
  venizelos should join nd . 
  he wastes his potential there . 
   yeah , unfortunately , nd is still kicking . 
  they 'll probably collapse in the next round of scandals they find themselves in . 
  nah mitsotakis has taken the necessary steps to take the party in the right direction . 
  the next elections will probably be a walk in the park . 
  the chp panders to nationalists and is pretty statist when it comes to the economy . 
  i would never vote for that . 
  i 've said this before and i still believe it is the sad truth . 
  there is no party in turkey that can fix the mess . 
  the turkish people vote for 4 really bad parties . 
  there needs to be a new party . 
  from scratch . 
  not attached to past figures , pro-nato , pro-eu , secular , liberal/conservative etc. 
  that 's just my opinion though, 
  oh you are greek . 
  that explains the pro-socialist mumbo jumbo . 
  i happen to be that rare greek libertarian . 
   but third parties can always win when the major parties collapse . 
  did n't this also happen in our homeland when pasok collapsed ? 
  no it did n't happen . 
  pasok lunatics migrated to syriza . 
  syriza is actually pasok in new clothing . 
  more than half of syriza 's officials are ex-pasok officials . 
  the few sane centrists in pasok are now in potami or nd . 
  also nd , one of the major parties , did n't collapse . 
  nd and ~ ~ pasok ~ ~ syriza still dominate the political scene . 
  if you think that the economy is the issue that you need to campaign on in turkey i think you are wrong . 
  neither will the chp . 
  the akp will probably find allies in the mhp but the chp wo n't ally themselves with the hdp because of the pkk issues . 
  there would need to be a really brave lowering of the threshold in order for other parties to join in . 
  another turk here told me though that the ldp would n't work with the chp because the chp is statist . 
   and what 's wrong with that ? 
  where do i start ? 
  you know the drill . 
   are n't they the third largest party already ? 
  you ca n't rule a country that has such a high parliament threshold by being the third largest party, 
  the uk has been the mecca of capitalism . 
  of course europe needs the uk even if the uk is outside of the eu . 
   reasonable  socialists pick one . 
  pandering to socialists or autocrats wo n't achieve any liberal gains . 
  it 'd pick a small liberal party over a big `` more of the same '' party . 
  ca n't they be absorbed by let 's say the chp as a party faction ? 
  problem number one : they are socialists . 
  problem number two : claims that they support the pkk wo n't win them any real support in turkey, 
  if people want to see how the real far right is they should have a look at our golden dawn or jobbik . 
  the fn is not even close to a far right party . 
   nigel farage interviews this really caught me by surprise . 
  make the ldp great ~ ~ for the first time since they were never great ~ ~ again, 
  while not being perfect the ldp would be a nice alternative to the akp/chp/mhp crazies . 
  too bad they are irrelevant . 
  last elections they got 0.06 %, 
  the leftists are at it again ... 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq-mqytvyru ) does n't look like a shotgun to me . 
  and according to the guy it is used for hunting too . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  yea i said `` hunting rifles '' . 
  but we should also remember that there is a black market caused by this and many other kinds of weapons are being sold and bought everyday . 
   ~ ~ in my opinion ~ ~ they are planning on creating more long-term instability in the region . 
  ftfy, 
  man the moment i was old enough to drive a car i was relieved not because i would n't have to walk for long to get home but because i would be safe from dogs . 
  a lot of dumb farmers or dog owners in general abandon their dogs after they feel that they are not of any use anymore and so we end up with a lot of stray dogs . 
  the funny thing is dimitris avramopoulos is a member of the `` conservative '' party in greece . 
  the same party that lets left wing terrorists riot and loot stores in athens every year . 
  i hope that the new leadership of the party will really change some things . 
  rural areas are not very safe . 
  many illegal immigrants or criminals in general very often raid farms and houses . 
  an elderly couple some years ago were beaten almost to death because an immigrant broke into their home for just 100 euros . 
  a year ago immigrants from a refugee camps raided the farm of one of my friends and stole almost a year 's work of olives . 
  people who do n't have guns get really vicious dogs . 
  that comes with [ problems ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp6piv2wjrk ) too unfortunatelly .
