  it is part of my cultures and people 's history . 
  i embrace it . 
   whatever was brought was in favor of eu . 
  this is not how you make a fair negotiation . 
  the tc are not equals in these talks because they illegaly occupy the northern part of the island . 
  the official cyprus government on the other side is a legitimate and recognized eu member . 
   i mean , give me a break , if turks relied on what `` others '' found reasonable for them international law is international law . 
  we have moved on . 
  it is not the early 20th century anymore . 
   greece cares about cyprus not because there are greeks on it , which is what i mean . 
  that 's just a pretext . 
  greeks , both in mainland and in cyprus , cared about enosis ever since the dawn of time . 
  it precedes modern geopolitics . 
   it is largely geopolitics what makes someone european and not . 
  it is not geopolitics . 
  it is cultural . 
   russia is not european with the same reason of america . 
  they are both having their own geopolitical power poles which collide with europe 's . 
  as i said . 
  it is not geopolitical but cultural . 
  think of it this way . 
  australia is far east . 
  but is belong to the anglosphere because of the anglosaxon culture . 
  they are not asian or anything pacific related . 
   you lot literally wanted to genocide turkish cypriots and wanted to annex it to greece . 
  turkish cypriots dont want to be united with you [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/ethnographic_distribution_in_cyprus_1960.jpg ) is a 1960 demographics map of the island . 
  i do n't think i need to add anything else . 
  after the greeks revolted against the british occupators it only made sense to try and reunite with the motherland . 
  the same anticolonial revolutionaries were the same people that promoted enosis . 
  the turks wanted to inflirtate the island and ignite tensions for geopolitical reasons . 
  this is why after the invasion of the island turkey sent turks over in order to turkify via population . 
   i know as a byzantine remnant it is your daily activity to curse ottomans and turkey , but let me tell you this . 
  search for my comments promoting hellenoturkism and reapproachment . 
  you would like to think that greeks hate you . 
  that comforts you . 
  but reality differs . 
   even if erdogan goes or dies today , turkey 's stance on cyprus will not change . 
  i did n't say anything about erdogan . 
  turkey 's expansionism policies precede erdogan . 
   what opportunities ? 
  have you been following the situation ? 
  i doupt it . 
  anastasiades even brought final maps . 
  maps that were ok with international law and the un . 
  it is akinci and his masters in ankara that halt progress . 
   everyone looks out for their own interests , let them be resources or whatever . 
  interests in one thing . 
  illegal occupation and support for an unrecognized pseudostate that disrupts borders and prevents military and energy related projects from taking place is not a healthy way of promoting your interests . 
   no one cares about cypriots , but only themselves . 
  since you say greeks only care about greek it makes sense for greeks to care for cypriots since they are greek . 
   americans are europeans americans were europeans . 
  after the revolution and their devotion to republicanism in contrast to european monarchies coupled with deism against divine right europe they changed . 
   basically anyone who writes with latin/cyrillic and hails jesus is european i did n't say that . 
  people speak french and hail jesus in africa . 
  that does n't make them european . 
  russian happens to be european though . 
  ever since kiev rus i ca n't think of something that disqualifies them . 
  i am talking about russia specifically . 
  i did n't generalize . 
  so no . 
  it is not broad . 
  russians are european even though they occupy a big part of eurasia . 
  everything from literature to the alphabet to religion russians are european . 
   we call them russian . 
  who calls the mongols russian ? 
  how do you manage to call originating near china european ? 
   still sounds like a scumbag to me ignorant maybe ? 
  for sure . 
  but we have to have in mind the nature of times and the attitudes towards god . 
  but i would n't call him a scumbag . 
  * but even if that makes him a scumbag * , his laissez faire point is highly inaccurate . 
  `` i disagree with nigel politically . 
  he is a scumbag . 
  let 's include him in a series with leopold ii '', 
  that is not my point . 
  you attribute the famine to his belief in laissez-faire economics while it is proven that that was an excuse used by critics of the free market in order to undermine it . 
  the real reason was the following two factors . 
  his malthusian believs and his idea about god punishing the irish . 
  we know for fact that it was n't his belief in laissez-faire because it did n't apply to other sectors and issues besides the irish . 
  it ca n't be `` laissez-faire for the irish , state intervention for the rest '' . 
  do you even [ marco rubio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19zxjvnm5gs ) ? 
  the real master of the art of drinking water . 
  this is so biased ... 
  this guy is responsible for one of the most effective civil service reforms . 
  his irish famine situation has more to do with his malthusian ideas about population reduction rather than laissez-faire . 
  not to mention his idea about the famine being god sent in order to punish the irish . 
  who do we know that the laissez-faire excuse is just an excuse ? 
  because the government of russell was in fact utilizing an active state with many public works and civil service reforms . 
  almost half a million irish found a job working at the newly founded public projects . 
  not to mention that the russell government limited factory work hours and pass a public health act . 
  i do n't think there will be any progress in these talks anytime soon . 
  the ~ ~ ottomans ~ ~ turks in their expansionist and neo-ottoman mentality want to legitimize the illegal occupation and the pseudostate at the north so that they can annex it later on . 
  or at least have a puppet state established on the island . 
  they will be no compromise . 
  president anastadiades gave them many opportunities during these past months . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  they are not interest in reunification or the well being of cypriots . 
  turkey is looking for a long term landgrab . 
  fun info time ( * history nerd mode on * ) : this is said to be the attack lead by the man who would become pm of greece , * constantine canaris * . 
  an orphan that became a seaman at a very young age .
