  it later became universal rts language . 
  i believe it was a review commission after the invasion and the info given by the republic of cyprus has to do with events during the invasion . 
   no answer so i am going to assume i was at the gym working out . 
  ca n't answer 24/7 . 
  there is no cyprus civil war . 
  the crisis of the late 50s involves the legal republic of cyprus and and pro-taksim turks . 
  i am talking about the akinci erdogan relationship at the time . 
  talks where reignited in 2014 . 
  of course the problems goes further back . 
  you are right . 
  i was thinking of the eu negotiations and deals alterations for the move in order to join the eu . 
  different admins, 
   greeks wanted enosis . 
  turks responded . 
  so if albanians ever try to annex kosovo serbia and other neightbors should respond accordingly ? 
   i think the solution is quite simple . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  ~ ~ erdogan ~ ~ akinci and anastasiades ca n't agree on the maps . 
  the european commission of human rights found turks guilty of rapes , death squads etc. 
  twelve to one the evidence provided by the roc were accepted . 
   after greek coup d'etat which aimed the annexation of the island to greece . 
  it was n't of the greek colonel regime that wanted enosis . 
  enosis was being a thing ever since the dawn of time . 
  even before the colonels . 
   what turkey did wrong was making a 2nd military operation we are talking about the invasion of 1974 . 
  prior events are a thread of their own . 
   turkey could support statue quo and it could de facto control the north of island until we come up with a solution recent talks did n't go well sadly . 
  let 's hope that the ongoing negotiations will have some actual results . 
  fixed it . 
  thanks !, 
  that is actually awesome . 
  the more i read about the baltics the more interesting it becomes . 
  tl ; dr/eli5 : the military junta in mainland greece wanted to stage a coup in order to overthrow the head of the republic of cyprus which was seen by the americans as the `` fidel castro of the mediterranean '' . 
  he was pro-enosis and then he was n't and then he was and then he was n't . 
  that would help make the enosis efforts faster . 
  ** enosis was a movement by greeks living both in mainland greece and cyprus in order to unite the two states into one . 
  ** while this was happening the turks on the island were having brutal fights with the local greeks . 
  both sides being extremelly brutal . 
  the turkish government pulled a putin/crimea and said `` we have to protect turks living in cyrpus from the coup '' . 
  they invaded the island and relocated thousands of turks there in order to turkify the northern parts . 
  they destroyed churches and property in order to battle greek influence there . 
  even to this day ** the pseudostate at the north is not recognized by any country in the un except from turkey ** . 
  the occupation is viewed as illegal under international law , amounting to illegal occupation of european union territory since cyprus became its member . 
  the island [ before ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/ethnographic_distribution_in_cyprus_1960.jpg ) the invasion . 
  edit : * general info * many notable people including late christopher hitchens suggest that henry kissinger should be held accountable for the invasion . 
  many years after the invasion during a protest against the illegal state at the north , turkish nationalist killed a young 24 year greek . 
  [ pic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f9/tasos_isaak_murdered.jpg ) . 
  when isaac was killed , he left behind his pregnant wife . 
  as a token of gratitude for his `` services '' to greece , the greek government decided to be the godparent of the yet unborn baby . 
  when the baby girl was born , she was baptised anastasia ( after her father ) by the then greek minister of foreign affairs theodoros pangalos . 
  three days later an angry for the previous event 26 year old greek tried to take the turkish flag down behind some un soldiers . 
  a turk shot him dead . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iutex6vne4c#t=00m46s ) . 
  * the perpetrators was later released by the turkish authorities despite being wanted for murder by interpol * after the invasion the us imposed an arms embargo on turkey and the roc . 
  in 2005 , the us passed a bill which allowed the sales of defence articles to the republic of cyprus under conditions . 
  i 've played countless hours of c&c . definitely on my top 3 if we are talking about hours ~ ~ weeks , months , years ~ ~ spent . 
  i ca n't really describe it . 
  it comes from experience mostly . 
  it is mostly facial features rather than the eyes for me . 
   maybe they are closer to ancient illyrians albanoi was just an illyrian tribe . 
  generalizing every tribe of that area are illyrian was an ancient greek mistake . 
  they wrongly called everyone in the area as illyrian just because of the difference in language . 
  the illyrians were probably not homogenous . 
  there was a period were we used to consider venetic tribes illyrian . 
  language wise there is no connection . 
  recent studies from vienna show that there is no connection between albanian and illyrian . 
  we hear of albanians as albanians the first time during the 12-14th century . 
  in the 18th century the connection between illyrians and albanians was made for the first time . 
  there are issues with that connection though . 
  what makes more sense is that albanians were a unique tribe living between illyrians and thracians , probably with a connection to some subillyrian tribe , that survived in isolation in the western balkans being surrounded by other tribes and people . 
  this is were the warrior ethos of the albanians comes from . 
  after skanderbeg they got into the game full time as a western people thinking themselves as part of the roman/byzantine mechanism . 
  hence the double headed eagle that was used by many albanian families at the time . 
   the average albanian is very easily distinguished from the average greek at the moment depends on the albanian . 
  i can tell most albanians by their face but there are other albanians that are indistinguishable from greeks . 
  my best friend growing up was an albanian . 
  you could not tell that he was one . 
  you can easily distinguish albanians that came from northern albania though . 
  they bring some really old time conservative customs with them . 
  an albanian family that lives a couple of blocks from my house lives like they are preparing for nuclear fallout . 
  they constantly repair and rebuild their house , tools everywhere , slav squat 'd dinner time at the porch , parts of machines and bikes and cars hoarding etc. 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1n5acb32ak ) is a good piece with many albanians that used to live in greece . 
  you can hardly tell them from greeks . 
  definitely not civic nationalists . 
  racial ultranationalists for sure . 
  greece is spamming battle tanks for a rush . 
  command and conquer pros . 
  nerf zerg rush . 
  genetics is not lunacy . 
  ultranationalists thinking that genetics determines their destiny is lunacy . 
   unite once and for all , be happy . 
  we live with albanians in greece . 
  they are the biggest minority . 
  where i live in ~ ~ actual greek ~ ~ macedonia , albanians are all over the place . 
  we work with them , we eat with them , we joke with them . 
  greece has been open to albanians ever since the fall of their socialist regime . 
  the only people who have problems with them are either far right ultranationalists or left wing socialist who keep think that albanians are nato shills . 
  greeks and albanians are extremelly close genetically speaking . 
  and that is a fact that triggers greek and albanian nationalists . 
  this has nothing to do with what i am saying .
