  i get what you are trying to say though . 
   tsipras ' government has been calling for debt relief in order to restore confidence with a view to a return to the debt markets . 
  after eight years of crippling austerity , economic growth is refusing to take off in greece . 
   the imf recognised this fact and even said it would only contribute to the next tranche of aid if the greek debt is cut . 
   but faced with the categorical refusal of german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the fund was forced to back down . 
  i really hope that we could get some more insight on the actual conversations behind this . 
   yea ... our tax heaven scheme did not work . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  small businesses from greece and taking their hq to bulgaria just for this sweet 10 % . 
  couple that with our crazy taxation businesses are fleeing faster than lightning . 
  ludwig erhard , churchill , eisenhower \u03ba\u03c4\u03bb . 
   schroder was republican   the gop appointed him in germany that 's it . 
  i 'm done . 
   a flat lie , and you know it . 
  where i live in canada many people travel to the us for faster healthcare . 
  not everything in canada 's system work as presented . 
   another lie and you know it actually it is not . 
  there are no state provided health services in switzerland . 
   no you largely did n't ok if you do n't believe me just open a forbes article . 
  it is pretty well documented . 
   and repeating conspiracy theories on hillary i am not saying that hillary received corporate donations as a bad thing . 
  i do n't care if she did . 
  it is not a bad thing . 
  they are not conspiracies . 
  we know for fact about these . 
   to pretend they have the only working model and that eveyrone loves it tony blair was republican ? 
  schroder was republican ? 
  macron is republican ? 
  xiaoping was republican ? 
  jean chretien was republican ? 
  because all these people are pro business . 
   and canada 's well working one debatable . 
   europe 's the proof of it different countries in europe have different systems . 
  switzerland for instance incorporates many corporations and private institutions in their system . 
   however i can point out the libertarian 's party positions the libertarian party does not have a monopoly on libertarians . 
  libertarianism is a pretty mainstream school of though in the anglosphere and there are many libertarians in both centre left and centre right parties . 
   like the epa the gop created the epa . 
   stop it with the `` tu quoque '' lies . 
  how is it a lie ? 
  i gave you specific names . 
  you like to think that the gop is the only pro business party and that somehow that is bad . 
  everyone is pro business after the 90s . 
  only fringe socialists deny that . 
  even social democrats in europe have enacted neoliberal and pro business plans like the agenda 2010 . 
   it sabotage healthcare to make it unviable to then let them `` prove that state ran healthcare do n't work '' why would they waste to much money and time in order to prove something like that especially when state run healthcare is in decline ? 
  companies are cooping with the state more and more . 
  things are not black and white . 
   the libertarians stand against that as a principe and want to abolish taxes and welfare and any state ran policy . 
  libertarian like milton friedmand and hayek argued for nit other similar policies . 
  have you read any friedman 's work ? 
  the state is pretty involved in many things . 
   this is n't just `` rich donors '' , this is corporations giving to the `` pro business '' party with the expectation in return of having clear policy favorising them . 
  who said the dnc is not pro business ? 
  jpm , alphabet , twc all hillary donors . 
  nothing wrong with being pro business . 
  glad you have a pro business president in france too . 
   you have n't paid attention to their `` repeal healthcare '' plot did you first of all it is not a plot . 
  it is an open plan . 
  secondly it is not `` repeal healthcare '' . 
  it is repeal `` obamacare '' . 
  even bill clinton called obamacare `` the craziest thing in the world '' ( his words ) . 
   you know why they want to do it ? 
  because obamacare is expensive . 
  there are republicans that even criticize the new healthcare plan as being obamacare 2.0 . 
  there is no across the spectrum consensus on this . 
   corporations should n't be allowed to give billions to political parties debatable . 
   in return for all that cash they ask republicans to remove their taxes and reduce the minimal wage only republicans have rich donors ? 
  the democrats have an excellent corporal network of donors . 
  again . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  also reducing the minimum wage is legit . 
  raising it leads to low skilled workers losing their job . 
  basic economics . 
  small and medium sized businesses are unable to bare the cost . 
   koch industries bankroll libertarian and `` conservative '' thinktanks like heritage and cato that give all it 's cash to the gop , gop which funded trump and before that all the republican candidates . 
  are n't people allowed to be republican ? 
   cato is also largely behind the trump decision to leave the paris accords [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/6nr1u4/m_a_r_k_e_t_s_m_o_t_h_e_r_f_u_c_k_e_r_renewable/ ), 
   the heritage foundation is basically pretty much that . 
  can you show me piece of heritage meetings were they plot about stealing money ? 
   they say that `` reality has a liberal bias '' `` they say '' who ? 
  fancy words , nothing more . 
   koch giving the gop 500 millions usd a year have a look at dnc donors . 
  everyone donates wherever he likes . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
   koch charles koch voted for liberal hillary . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   ( the one that preach `` the return to tradition and family values '' , that want to make the church a state religion and `` pro business '' that want to give all the cash to corporations and the wealthy and reduce welfare )  left wing is the one with the tolerant , equalitarian , pro employee plateform wanting higher wages . 
  this is how they are presented by whoever you like to watch/read . 
  do you really think that conservatives gather in a dark room and plot about taking money from the poor and giving it to the rich because they hate the poor ? 
  do you really think that ? 
  cmon ... you have a pretty biased view towards conservatives i must say . 
   you should hear how they ( gop ) think about canada as a `` socialist quasi communist country '' these are some few people and the biased media usually picks their sayings up in order to get ratings . 
  i personally know many republicans . 
  not one thinks like that . 
  they love canada and visit every chance they get . 
  little to no differences between ontario and ohio or ny . 
   you decided that you hated `` the left '' i do n't hate the left . 
  where does this come from ? 
  i just said that there is a problem with left wing groups in greece . 
  you would be surprised to read many of my pieces on the greek sub supporting centre-left politicians .
