   california has referendums all the time . 
  not on national issues, 
  i am pretty sure had the remain side won the referendum no one would be asking for a new one `` based on facts '' . 
  this is just stupid . 
  referendums are stupid in my opinion and even the first one was a mistake . 
  but since it happened its over . 
  get over it . 
  the uk is out . 
  let 's make this fast so both sides can move on . 
  this is what the americans get right . 
  no referendums , brutally hard to change the constitution etc. 
  there is not a single figure in history that is perfect . 
  but i am pretty sure churchill 's debatable aspects are not hitler level debatability . 
  i 'm quite sure he was . 
  they probably changed the article . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  edit : yea they removed that part from the article . 
  as you can see from my original comment on this post it had the following  in portugal , socialist minister santos silva also called on dijsselbloem to resign , saying his comments were `` from the portuguese point of view , totally unacceptable . '', 
  seems pretty split . 
  as a pretty moderate guy when it comes to electing a pm even though i am a conservative i would n't have a problem with a sensible liberal . 
  but justin is just not good enough . 
   a greek defending merkel is interesting . 
  yea not all greeks are tinfoil hat anti-eu nationalists and not all greeks are socialist syriza supports . 
  there are liberal , libertarian and conservative greeks too . 
  yea we exist ... merkel getting all the blame for the situation is just nonsense . 
  i strongly believe that if my fellow greeks did n't vote for tsipras today things would be much more moderate and on the right path in general . 
  the tsipras government has cause so much damage to the country that even if merkel had some responsibility in all of this it is simply now overshadowed . 
  i am canadian too . 
  i am not happy with that replacement . 
  and most canadians i know are not . 
  justin is not chretien . 
   `` the sooner he resigns , the better , '' renzi , the head of italy 's governing center-left democratic party , wrote on his facebook page , calling the dutch eu official 's comments `` stupid jokes . ''  in portugal , socialist minister santos silva also called on dijsselbloem to resign , saying his comments were `` from the portuguese point of view , totally unacceptable . ''  criticism has also came from sergei stanishev , the president of the eu 's pan-european socialist party ( pes ) who said in a statement issued on wednesday that dijsselbloem 's comments `` by no means reflect our political family . ''  `` he managed to insult and discredit so many people and spread divisions , '' stanishev wrote , adding that such remarks `` are simply unacceptable , especially in such critical time for the european integration project . '', 
  not in my book, 
  the thing is all that eurobonds talk with schulz . 
  conservatives in the cdu do n't like that at all and maybe the spd will look for partners to the left . 
  cdu it is . 
  if it 's not broke , do n't fix it . 
  do n't do that same mistake canadians did and replaced harper for justin . 
  i believe a rory concert took place back in the day in athens 1981 . 
  it has reached legendary status . 
  from time to time you will hear old folks talking in pubs `` hey i was right in front of rory during * that * concert '' and everyone will go crazy . 
  edit : [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fi90oskb44 ) comments are exactly what i am describing . 
  `` i remember fighting riot police trying to get into the concert . 
  those were the days '' , `` we went to concert and i only had one shoe '' ... yea crazy stuff . 
  i am a gallagher fan myself . 
  i have always wondered why there are so many fans here . 
  every local band playing in pubs or other venues has to cover * at least * two or three gallagher songs . 
  what does hellenic macedonian mean ? 
  do you feel the need to say hellenic athenian ? 
  every book written by this [ lovely lady ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helene_ahrweiler ) she writes mostly in french and greek . 
  i guess that there would be english versions too . 
  [ phillip was lit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe4fyhzs3um ), 
  the byzantine empire was strongest under [ basil ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basil_ii ) . 
  it was only after his death that the decline started to happen . 
  there are not arbitrary . 
  in the past names where not given as randomly as today . 
  i am too experienced in debating this . 
  mentioning olympias would bring albanians into the discussion . 
  trust me, 
  this is the second part of the argument . 
  first you prove the greekness . 
  then you disprove the slavicness . 
  * the eli5 list of alexander the great and macedonia : * - alexander is a greek name . 
  \u0391\u03bb\u03b5\u03be ( which has a meaning of `` to protect '' ) and \u03ac\u03bd\u03b4\u03c1\u03b1\u03c2 ( which means man ) . 
  alexander . 
  he who protects his men - his father name is a greek name . 
  friend of horses . 
  - his horse 's name was greek . 
  has an ox-like head . 
  - alexander worshipped greek gods - he was tutored by aristotle - the macedonians partook in the olympics . 
  the ancient olympics were greek only . 
  - we call his era the hellenistic period . 
  hellenic ( greek ) - alexander spoke greek * quotes : *  holy shadows of the dead , i 'm not to blame for your cruel and bitter fate , but the accursed rivalry which brought sister nations and brother people , to fight one another . 
  i do not feel happy for this victory of mine . 
  on the contrary , i would be glad , brothers , if i had all of you standing here next to me , since we are united by the same language , the same blood and the same visions . 
  addressing the dead hellenes ( the athenean and thebean greeks ) of the battle of chaeronea , as quoted in historiae alexandri magni by quintus curtius rufus . 
   our enemies are medes and persians , men who for centuries have lived soft and luxurious lives ; we of macedon for generations past have been trained in the hard school of danger and war . 
  above all , we are free men , and they are slaves . 
  there are greek troops , to be sure , in persian service -- but how different is their cause from ours !, 
  they will be fighting for pay -- and not much of at that ; ** we , on the contrary , shall fight for greece ** , and our hearts will be in it . 
  as for our foreign troops -- thracians , paeonians , illyrians , agrianes -- they are the best and stoutest soldiers in europe , and they will find as their opponents the slackest and softest of the tribes of asia . 
  and what , finally , of the two men in supreme command ? 
  you have alexander , they -- darius !, 
  addressing his troops prior to the battle of issus , as quoted in anabasis alexandri by arrian book ii , 7 . 
   your ancestors came to macedonia and the rest of hellas [ greece ] and did us great harm , though we had done them no prior injury . 
  i have been appointed leader of the greeks , and wanting to punish the persians i have come to asia , which i took from you . 
  alexander 's letter to persian king darius iii of persia in response to a truce plea , as quoted in anabasis alexandri by arrian ; translated as anabasis of alexander by p. a. brunt , for the `` loeb edition '' book ii 14 , 4 . 
   youths of the pellaians and of the macedonians and of the hellenic amphictiony and of the lakedaimonians and of the corinthians ... and of all the hellenic peoples , join your fellow-soldiers and entrust yourselves to me , so that we can move against the barbarians and liberate ourselves from the persian bondage , ** for as greeks we should not be slaves to barbarians . 
  ** as quoted in the historia alexandri magni of pseudo-kallisthenes , 1.15.1-4 . 
  you really wan na do this ? 
  edit : if you are not trolling i will bring facts to the table that will obliterate every argument making you regret ever trying to do this . 
  if you are trolling on the other hand . 
  that 's a first class trigger you should know . 
   1908 revolution was about it ( it gave a lot of rights to other ethnic groups and tried to create an ottoman identity ) and it started it in balkans with huge support from local people . 
  yeaaaa i am not sure about that . 
  the young turks while being liberalish where behind brutal massacres of christian populations ( not to mention the armenian genocide ) . 
  i am pretty sure non-turkish locals remembers them as murderers . 
  i always find this funny . 
  people associate greece with the aegean and the islands and the parthenon . 
  but there is so much more than that .
