  turkish aircrafts violate greek airspace . 
  * then * greek aircraft escort the turkish ones back to turkey . 
  there has * never * been a situation where greek aircrafts violated turkish airspace and turkish aircrafts escorted the greek ones back to greece . 
  secondly this has nothing to do with syria or cyprus . 
  turks violated the greek/european borders * 2244 * times in 2014 ** alone ** . 
  it is a pretty common practice actually . 
  the geopolitical reality of the aegean is quiet complex and almost impossible to analyze in a reddit comment . 
  it involves agreements on nautical miles , the greek-israel-egypt defence triangle and more . 
   the correct response to when a toddler has a tantrum is not to slap them but to calmly explain ( yet again ) what the rules of reasonable behaviour are . 
  yea this sounds good and all but in the real world things as i said are significantly more complex . 
  [ feel free to check this out ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rt3gmiiwvq ) douglas is asked some questions about colonialism and migration during the q&a section, 
   every so often they each fly in the airspace the other claims not true . 
  the airspace violations are completely one sided . 
  europe should stand up for its borders and not downplay this dispute . 
  this is not just a greco-turkish dogfight over border lines . 
  greek borders are european borders too and european powers invite more behavior like this when they let turkey go without any punishment . 
  this is power politics, 
   when people like friedman argue for it they aim to cut social security , while other people aim to deepen it so if friedman implements ubi he cuts social security but if a liberal implements ubi he deepens social security ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  let that sink in for a moment . 
   the epp is the largest party in the ep the epp is mainly a christian democratic party . 
  christian democracy has little to do with conservatism as it is percieved in the anglosphere . 
  and today when we talk about conservatism we mainly talk about the anglosaxon variety . 
  i do n't think being open to the dialogue with russia makes one necessarily pro-russian . 
  my take on this is just to `` speak softly and carry a big stick '' . 
   le pen never managed to abolish extremist traits , she just managed to put them in the background i too think that is the case to be honest and this is why i am not eager to support her . 
  my pick is fillon . 
  the latest news about his wife have been troubling though . 
  i am a conservative and i am amazed by the fact that people always try and paint conservatism as something they would like it to be instead of what it really is . 
  never in my life i have heard a fellow conservative argue for you have just said . 
  for example : when liberals argue for ubi people say stuff life `` yeah great idea '' . 
  when milton friedman argues for similar policies people lose their minds . 
  `` what ? 
  friedman ? 
  do you want pinochet in europe ? '', 
  as a european this saddens me because in non european countries i travel to , countries like canada , conservatism is a main trend in politics . 
  he never stopped defending the above principles . 
  as far as le pen goes she too has abolished a lot of the extreme traits of the national front that were there since the days of her father . 
  if we call wilders or le pen far right then what are the ndp or golden dawn ? 
  their ideologies are not even close . 
  well you ca n't really say wilders is anti-liberal . 
  he is pro-west , very very for defending jews and israel , pro-free market and his political roots are in the vvd . 
  he is a conservative liberal , but a liberal nonetheless . 
  like most conservatives are actually . 
  even burke was a whig . 
  conservatism in the west is about conserving the liberal institutions of the west . 
  being critical of cultural relativism does not make him a fascist . 
  during the early surge of the national front in france he even denounced le pen and did n't want to be associated with `` rightist fascist groups '' as he said . 
  extremely reasonable guy . 
  one of the most bright conservative voices out there . 
  yea and this is why cali gets 55 electoral votes . 
  in order for rural areas to matter since they have less population there has to be a massive win in the whole middle america . 
  this is what happened with the trump win . 
  no they are not worthless . 
  they actually hand the most electoral votes to the winner . 
  california for instance gives 55 electoral votes when oklahoma gives 7 . 
  the idea is that many states between the coasts can balance the situation . 
  you ca n't just rule out an entire geographical region and its problems just because they do n't have a population that can compete with huge cities . 
  rural areas have problems too, 
  it is not about how much more population does la have . 
  it is about how much less population the so called flyover country has . 
  in the absence of the electoral college la and ny rule the country . 
  had california been an independent country its gdp is far more greater than let 's say the northwestern states . 
  there is no logic in saying they share the same problems and the same solutions . 
  also the koch brothers are cato libertarians . 
  they did n't even endorse trump ( they actually rooted for hillary ) and for some days now they are heavily criticising him for the temporary travel ban . 
  not true . 
  just look at the political stability that you have in us compared to parliamentary democracies that survive on weak coalitions and hold elections every now and then . 
  [ the electoral college actually works ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fxrgz )  we do n't need to copy anything from the united states maybe we should calm down a little bit and reflect . 
  they do some things better than we do . 
  because 10 people living in the same place are facing one set of problems but 1 person living in another place is facing another set of problems . 
  imagine a us without the electoral college . 
  the people living in kansas would never get to have a say because of many more people living in la. 
  [ this is why the electoral college matters ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fxrgz ), 
   the only way i would begrudgingly maybe accept it , if we 'll have a system like they have in the us . 
  like their electoral college . 
  to make sure small countries have just as much say as big ones . 
  and things like gun laws , school laws , ... must all still be 100 % decisions of the individual countries . 
  i have been saying that for years . 
  the us federal system is extremely good and has kept the country stable and consistent for many many years . 
  you forgot about the yang\u0131n\u0131 part . 
   let it go you somehow seem to think that i advocate for re engagement . 
  i am just pointing out facts regarding the geopolitics that came to be after laussane . 
   after the attack on \u0130zmir ftfy . 
  you ca n't call an attack on a city that was full of armenians , greeks and jews a liberation . 
  especially after kicking them out . 
  also the greeks could say the same . 
  had we took back our lands in anatolia there would be no aegean dispute . 
  so your argument is infintile, 
  how ? 
  i am talking about a political entity that differ from the local culture trying to coexist . 
  that is why i also said `` it would be better for the turkish people also '' i made the distinction between the state and the people just to avoid being called a xenophone or a racist . 
  i pick my words carefully, 
  this is not a question on whether the balkans belongs to slavs and greeks . 
  it is about stability . 
  there was no realistic scenerio were the ottomans ( who differed completelly from the roman tradition of that originally byzantine area ) could control the area . 
  also decentralization did n't work quite well for the ottomans as many pashaliks turned against the central authorities . 
  you somehow imply that they were supposed to be there in the first place like there where no people there already . 
  it was an anomaly for muslims to conquer and control christian populations in the balkans and that is why the balkan league was formed . 
  they overstretched to places they were not supposed to be in and they collapsed .
