  just because the president pushed for it , it did n't mean it would pass . 
  yea sure i 'll critical of that but in the meantime i will applaude him for let 's say [ this ] ( http://www.livescience.com/58066-president-trump-supports-women-in-science.html ) as i said . 
  not black and white . 
  we should be critical where we need to be critical . 
  we should support where we need to support . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  being critical of trump * just because he is trump * is indeed irrational . 
  same goes with every other politician not just trump . 
  still is . 
  just because you do n't like the current president that does n't mean the us `` was '' . 
  let 's not turn this sub into an irrational anti-trump storm like / r/politics is . 
  the american federation has outlasted every other political project of such size . 
  not to mention it managed to expand its influence all over the globe . 
  and that is something that happens for the first time in human history . 
  you could say the british empire was close enough but the us brought institutions such as the league of nations or the un to the table . 
  i prefer to stick to concrete facts instead of making assumptions . 
  the `` american experiment '' as alexis de tocqueville put it is the most ambitious political project the world has ever seen . 
   merkel disagrees where exactly ? 
  i guess we will know more soon enough . 
  too early to tell anything . 
  some times anti-americanism in this sub makes no sense . 
  a lot of europeans are very arrogant thinking that the eu is stronger than it really is while thinking that the us is a very bleak place . 
  little do they know ... 
  the thing is you ca n't really close the borders between turkey and greece and all these ( maybe ) refugees will be stuck in greece . 
  turkey is not disputed . 
  they are not of european ancestry . 
  they are of mongoloid ancenstry . 
  their place of origin is the altai mountains in mongolia . 
  herodotus used the word turk to describe the scythians . 
  what a legend . 
  i would much rather be `` exploited '' by spacex or exxonmobil than live in a country that in the long run stagnates . 
  better wages , better career prospects , more innovation and expression . 
   if you take money from the people and give it to `` top scientists '' then of course they will come . 
  you do n't take money from the people . 
  you generate money by attracting skilled workers . 
  the money in circulation is not a zero sum situation . 
  do you think the americans do n't have internships ? 
  let 's be honest about it for a second . 
  the us while not being perfect is probably the best place for someone to try his luck as an entrepreneur , scientist , engineer etc. 
  this is why all the smart indians and koreans move to the us instead of the eu . 
  the us is way ahead of europe in terms of entrepreneurship and innovation . 
  literally the majority of the companies that really matter are in the us . 
  and our european companies move to the us the first chance they get . 
  the uk is no surprise . 
  always have been a beacon of capitalism . 
  the baltics are interesting . 
  i guess that what happens when smart friedmanites like mart laar are in charge . 
  have a drink on me !, 
  a good old irish pint ... or two, 
  i would say libertarianism is weak in europe generally . 
  except the uk where libertarianism is a normal position for someone to have . 
  i vote for a centre/centre-right liberal conservative party . 
  i would love to have the option to vote for a real conservative party like they do in the uk or canada but we do n't have that option here in greece . 
  the nd which i vote for keeps close relations with western conservatives though . 
  our countries got screwed because of among other things excessive welfare state spending , brutally strong unions that blackmail businesses and government corruption . 
  three things that emerged out of the big state . 
  we need more free market not less . 
  if spain embrace the free market it will dominate the region . 
  it is a big country with amazing potential . 
  rajoy has been a blessing for spain . 
  day by day you gain ground . 
  we on the other hand over here in greece ... we preferred the socialist path and now we are buried in tax waves . 
  now we get to the point where i would ask you for details in order to bring you to the point that you yourself would understand that equality weakens liberty and that stateless socialism is a myth . 
  the reddit comment section is not a great place to do that . 
  i can refer you to hayek 's masterpiece `` the road to serfdom '' at least . 
  the most effective tool in helping to eliminate poverty have been the market . 
  compare a poor man in a capitalist country like uk , canada or south korea with a poor man in a socialist country like venezuela , cuba or laos and you will see the difference . 
  compare capitalist hong kong with the rest of china . 
  and ** no ** scandinavian countries are not socialist . 
  they rank pretty high on economic freedom , have no minimum wages , export like crazy , promote businesses etc. 
  the welfare state is funded by capitalism . 
  european `` socialist '' parties have really been liberal . 
  in the beginning they were socialist but they soon changed their course after they witnessed the achievements of the markets . 
  just remember the labour party in the uk saying `` we are all thatcherites now '' . 
  i think turkey is really in uncharted waters at the moment . 
  we ca n't really say for sure where the country is going . 
  the americans push strongly for a kurdish state in north syria . 
  such a state would weaken turkey 's geopolitical importance to the american operations in the middle-east . 
  erdogan is probably really pissed about this . 
  a weakened geopolitically speaking turkey with internal divisions and a `` bark at everyone '' foreign policy will not have good results . 
  so becoming irrelevant to the americans and moving away from the eu the only option left is russia . 
  general mattis some days ago divided syria in zones of control with the russians . 
  we might see a new us-russia relationship playing out in the region . 
   it 's why i do n't believe that you can ever reach socialism unless you go directly for that stage . 
  what stage ? 
  of complete equality and the elimination of individualism ? 
  of complete state control ( or union/worker control if you may ) over individuals ? 
  even theoritically socialism is a flawed system . 
  immoral the least . 
   the poor have had it bad under both governments . 
  really , we 've had it bad ever since the financial crisis begun . 
  true but at least under nd their woes were in heal mode . 
   economically , they 're going down the same path that was proven to be a failure by their predecessors . 
  not even close . 
  they raises taxes so much i almost pay 70 cents out of every euro i make . 
  they raised vat from 13 % to 23 % , they abolished special tax rates for problematic areas like islands , re-established the state broadcaster etc. 
  brutally socialist, 
   i do n't dislike him that much , but calling him `` great reformer '' ... well compared to previous efforts i guess the liberalization efforts were brave enough . 
  maybe too fast , but brave . 
   as for being pro-eu geopolitically , you 're dreaming .
