  but just because i find something pointless or even damaging that does n't mean i should impose my views on everyone . 
  smokers want to smoke ? 
  they should be free to do so . 
  at the cheapest price possible . 
   i almost wish they would just outright ban it so i could quit this shit . 
  remember how banning weed made people quit smoking weed ? 
  yeah me neither . 
   prohibition mentality would be to ban tobacco or e-cigarettes . 
  making it hard for people to enjoy their product of choice is no better than banning it . 
  you are punishing someone for making different choices than the ones you prefer . 
  how does weed prohibition work ? 
  it may be illegal but everyone has access to it . 
   having a black-and-white mentality is rarely a good idea . 
  what i am saying is no black and white mentality . 
  all i said was that people should be free to enjoy what they like and government bureaucrats should n't have a say in this . 
   only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  rebel scum . 
  for the empire . 
  people wanting to smoke tobacco should be free to do so . 
  companies wanting to sell half packs should be free to do so . 
  also a smoker should be free to determine how much nicotine his e-cigarrate has . 
  all these are being targeted by the above regulations . 
   there are also new rules regulating the amount of nicotine that e-cigarettes may contain , something the directive says was previously unregulated . 
  there will also be new packaging and labeling rules for e-cigarettes . 
   the rules will also ban the selling of `` half packs '' of 10 cigarettes , setting the minimum at 20 . 
  this is prohibition era mentality . 
  let 's not forget these are the same people who call for the dissolution of our rule of law and in every chance they get they start riots , vandalize monuments and generally have no respect towards anything outside of their circle . 
  these `` good deeds '' stunts are nothing more than moves that succeed in muddying the waters . 
  this anarchist culture in athens is extremely dangerous . 
  they do n't deserve any second of publicity they get . 
  this only brings them to a larger audience . 
  another inane government regulation . 
  another sad day for liberty in europe . 
  kosovo should have stayed under extreme us supervision untill complete stabilization . 
   and most of the atrocities happened under the ottomans , not ataturk . 
  while that is true to some extend we should not forget that kemal himself was behind the brutal massacres in pontus . 
  as mentioned in the original text kemal and his nationalists were responsible for the [ amasya trials ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amasya_trials ) . 
  even the muslims of trebizond were angered by this act . 
   the hanging of matthaios kofidis in amasya , former member of the ottoman parliament , * who opposed any form of armed resistance movement against the turkish authorities * , caused anger even among the muslim population of trebizond , who refused to collaborate with the turkish nationalists , thus saving the lives of several local greeks, 
  pontic greeks have a strong community in greece . 
  they promote their heritage quite a lot . 
  festivals , dances etc. 
  but as you said sadly there is generally a lack of interest outside of greece . 
  diplomatic immunity does n't give them the right to commit acts of violence in another country . 
  this is why the us supports the kurds and israel and is allied with saudia arabia . 
  they are alternatives that provide strategic dominance . 
  are you aware of us support for kurdistan ? 
  the only reason the us is allied with turkey is because of its locations . 
  it helps the us with its operations in syria and potentialy iran . 
  i am pretty sure they would have done more if they were not caught off guard . 
  they probably were waiting for orders . 
  at least they were there . 
  imagine what could have happened otherwise . 
  well you ca n't really blame the police . 
  the attack came out of nowhere . 
  no one was expecting turks to turn up and beat peaceful protesters . 
  peaceful protest involving signs etc. 
  is pretty normalized in the us . 
  in middle eastern countries like turkey the only protest that is welcome is the protest that is pro-regime . 
  the thugs that showed up are used to beating protesters up . 
  your average american policeman was n't really expecting this . 
  his is pushing for the restablishment of the ottoman empire . 
  he wants northern syria , greek islands , bulgarian and greek parts of thrace and possibly armenian ground . 
  not to mention the attitude against the kurds . 
  there are nationalist groups in germany , holland and in other parts of europe already promoting this turkish expansionism . 
   we had concentration camps in the colonies ( tarrafal ) . 
  salazar tortured the native population in africa . 
  the situation in africa was basically modern slavery , a legal difference existed between `` white '' `` westernised '' and `` non westernised '' populations . 
  the colonies were so mistreated they rebelled . 
  that was the case generally in colonial countries . 
  it was not really a salazar thing . 
   nkvd ? 
  look up pide ir dgse . 
  i know . 
  but they are not really comparable . 
  the nkvd was behind monstrous events such as the katyn massacre . 
  it is one thing being fined on the street and another being starved , raped , butchered and thrown in mass graves . 
   amnesty international was formed when a british man saw a newspiece about a group of students arrested in portugal for shouting freedom . 
  again . 
  i am not defending the freedom restricting acts of salazar . 
  but there is a huge gap between getting arrested for shouting something and being a slave in a gulag untill you die of starvation . 
   do not tell me he was a positive figure or that he should be respected . 
  i told you that he was not comparable to soviet and nazi butchers . 
  i did n't say that he was good . 
  it is not black and white . 
  salazar did n't deport/remove populations from their lands , did n't throw women and children in gulags , did n't install a nkvd in portugal . 
  on the contrary he played an important role for keeping iberia neutral during wwii thus saving thousands of lives . 
  this is one of the reasons the us supported him and one of the reasons he still remains a very popular figure . 
  one of the few bad things that we can say about him is that he slowed down the country 's democratic evolution . 
  but for sure he was n't a brutal figure that installed a brutal regime like the one in the soviet union or the reich . 
  do n't focus of these things only . 
  the katyn massacre ? 
  the decossackization ? 
  the great purge ? 
  there is just no excuse . 
  we are talking about one of the most brutal regimes known to mankind . 
  killing people because of their ethnicity . 
  `` enemies of the aryan race '' . 
  killing people because of their class . 
  `` enemies of the working class '' .
