  petty party politics usually take over . 
  even if it is a pr stunt as many leftists like to think ... so what ? 
  the money still goes were it needs to be . 
  why reject it ? 
  same nonsense reactions happen in greece from time to time when a wealthy individual donates money to schools or clinics . 
  good on ortega for his move . 
  indeed . 
  one day she pulled a book out of her bag and slammed it down the table . 
  it was the constitution of liberty by fa hayek . 
  she said `` this is what we believe '' . 
  may seems more like a christian democrat to be honest . 
  just no . 
  exactly this . 
  i may also add that thatcher was closer to gladstonian liberalism than to actual toryism . 
  she has that this herself , and i am paraphrasing of course , `` that if william gladstone was alive during her days he would be in the conservative party '', 
  first of all according to your logic wherever there is going to be backlash we should n't act . 
  greece has its own interests . 
  we do n't need an enemy at our northern border . 
  we seek better relationship with that country but [ as i said earlier ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6f01gf/macedonias_regime_change_boosts_nato_accession/diefscs/?context=3 ) there are concerns . 
  do n't underestimate balkan nationalist groups . 
  fringe or not . 
  especially in countries like fyr where one of the main political waves is a kremlin tied nationalist group . 
  [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/a/egbpx ) is what they have in mind . 
   any idea why they 'd want it/source to backup that they do ? 
  just nationalist mumbo jumbo . 
  they too like the skopjians try to claim ancient greek figures as albanian . 
  little makes sense in the balkans . 
   no , because they 're used to the status quo by now what ? 
  who told you that ? 
  i am from macedonia ( gr ) . 
  if it is one thing that triggers the local population is cars driving with mk plates . 
  not to mention all the businesses that refuse to trade with skopje even though they lose money . 
  according to that logic do n't you think that macedonians in greece would raise their voices too ? 
  there has n't been a generation yet since the macedonian mumbo jumbo started . 
  back in the early stages things were [ not as established ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsmvsx3eufm ) as they seem to be now . 
  so we ca n't talk about them `` growing up thinking something '' yet . 
   a bunch of crazy nationalists chanting nationalist crap i do n't know where are you from but here is a hint about the balkans : a bunch of crazy nationalists chanting nationalist crap have great influence . 
  sad reality . 
  i am not saying it will work . 
  i am saying it happens . 
  edi rama gave an interview some time ago on dw . 
  he , without making it clear , said that if the eu wants stability in the region it should consider what is happening in albania regarding crime and nationalism , and if it fails to do so do n't be surprised if anything happens . 
  that rhetoric is borderline blackmailing . 
  `` i am not quite blackmailing you , but i actually am '' that are reasons that the albanian eu accessions talks are really slow . 
  the eu is aware of this and acts accordingly . 
  the thing is the nationalists in skopje are not a fringe political party . 
  the vmro is also known to have ties to the kremlin and is a mainstream political wave compared to our gd . 
  yea sure . 
  after the kosovo war there have been moves , from albanians who formely fought under the uck banner , towards the establishment of greater albania . 
  that expansionist policy includes not only kosovo but western fyr and parts of greek epirus and corfu . 
  albania has a lot of problems regarding drugs , domestic violence and gang culture . 
  in order to combat these problems the albanian pm uses the above nationalist/expansionist problem as leverage in order to push eu members into making faster moves regarding albanian accession to the eu . 
  `` let us in so that things stabilize '' . 
  in order to ignite that faster little moves have been made to combat the nationalists who promote greater albania because it can be used as i said earlier as leverage . 
  as we know fyr is in an extremely unstable situation these past years . 
  albanian minority parties that may include hidden agenda promoting albanian interests in fyr may try and act as a trojan horse in order to advance albanian nationalists goals . 
  that 's not the point . 
  of course the greek army is superior . 
  but why would we want to take things that far ? 
  stability and a peaceful relations are a better path to go down, 
  did you read what i wrote right above or did you just read the first sentence ? 
  when propaganda begins to take root you never know what can happen . 
  better safe than sorry . 
   is fyrom really an existential and territorial threat to greece ? 
  what is dangerous is the fact that new generations will grow up thinking they are actually macedonians . 
  during the latest parliament unrest there were groups of people chanting about '' * liberating * '' salonika . 
  they will study history thinking that there is some actual connection between them and the ancient greek tribe of macedonians . 
  `` the greeks stole pella '' . 
  these things are concerning and this is why there is such a reaction . 
  just a name would n't be much of a problem . 
  history though can affect geography . 
  as i wrote yesterday there are some issues to point out first of all . 
  the new government depends on albanian minority parties . 
  the country is extremely unstable and the last thing it needs is an albanian trojan horse . 
  there are concerns about albanian nationalists operating in western fyr . 
  secondly . 
  greek fm kotzias is active trying to have a dialogue with the new skopjian establishment . 
  a solution to the naming dispute would be great new for many reasons . 
  from security to tourism and the economy . 
  greece would be the first to establish a good relationship with the country . 
  both orthodox countries too . 
  that would make religious tourism and tourism in general better . 
  not to mention that the path to nato and the eu would be easier for once . 
  lastly we should be wary of the opposition now . 
  it is common knowledge that they have extreme nationalist tendencies and ties to the kremlin . 
  even if the new government tries to roll back a lot of the pseudomacedonian propaganda ( statues , roads , airports etc. ), 
  there will be enormous backlash . 
  i can think of many factions that would want that to lead to an armed conflict . 
   but it 's not like syriza was any better when they were on the backbenches . 
  i really hope that when syriza gets out of government they wo n't slide back into their old rhetoric . 
  this pure leftist revolutionary attitude . 
  that would not be healthy for greek governance . 
  they are now asking for nd 's support on a lot of their measures but forget that when they were in opposition they were uncompromising in every possible way . 
   you do n't get jobs . 
  yea tell tha to all the people working for the shipping industry in greece which pays no taxes . 
   `` now we need a collaborative effort that combines the top-down approach of the eu institutions with the bottom-up movements that are necessary to engage the electorate , '' said mr soros . 
   `` instead of a `` multi-speed '' europe we should aim for a `` multi-track '' europe that would allow member states a wider variety of choices . 
  this would have a far-reaching beneficial effect . '', 
  this is key . 
  at it stands at the opposite side of what many delusional pro-eu people say .
