  i am more than happy to agree that he was beneficial in general . 
  but i am not going to say that he was the turkish james madison, 
  talking institutions erdogan strengthened turkey too . 
  modernizing a country ca n't stand as a factor of greatness alone . 
  the fact that ataturk was brutal against pontic * ottoman * greeks or other minorities is often forgotten . 
  praising erdogan because he modernized aspects of the country is as stupid as greeks saying that dictator papadopoulos was such a great leader because he renewed our infrastructure and built roads and had a booming economy . 
  cherry picking policies and forgetting about the policies we do n't like does n't seem like a good approach to me . 
  anything that was n't turkish was purged . 
  this has nothing to do with western liberalism . 
  ataturk tried to westernize turkey because he understood power politics . 
  if he left turkey outside of the european game turkey would have the same fate as other muslim countries . 
  yea because ataturk was such a progressive leader ... you should read [ this ] ( http://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674368378 ) . 
  and you should also read about his dealings with the upcoming soviets . 
  nationalist and totalitarian regimes were fascinated about the t\u00fcrkle\u015ftirme as it is called in turkey . 
  secularism alone is not enough to transfor a society . 
  i am pretty sure iran and the saudis contribute more towards global mess . 
  trump 's picks as far as defence and foreign policy goes seem pretty good and consistent without breaking a decades old us global policy tradition, 
  even with trump at the wh australia 's biggest ally is the us . 
   in munich , pence will hold a series of meetings with leaders , including german chancellor angela merkel , ukrainian president petro poroshenko , and leaders from estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
   on monday , pence will hold several discussions with european officials in brussels , including with nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg . 
  i really doubt that australia named the us as the largest thread to the world, 
  i am very much pro-us . 
  i just happen to think that the democratic party as far as foreign policy goes does far more harm than good . 
  you think i imply it . 
  what you think is different from what i say . 
  you see this is the problem with the internet . 
  people read something and then they jump to conclusions . 
  sad, 
  yea . 
  where in that do you see me saying that i oppose an albanian state ? 
  where did i say i am against the creation of an albanian state ? 
  not to mention that it is illegaly occupied and the only country that recognises it is turkey, 
  when did greeks commit genocide against albanians ? 
  what ? ... 
  i really do n't get some of this albanian nationalist mumbo jumbo . 
  when albanians were being humiliate by their communist state we welcomed them with open arms . 
  if someone is provoking our relations is not the greek side, 
  northern epirus is not important to our state at this point in time . 
  nobody cares if it is under our control or not . 
  except some ultranationalists . 
  and since greeks there have minority status everything is ok . you sound quite defensive tbh, 
  yea planting muslim may not have been the best way to put it . 
  my point is that muslim populations in a such christian area is a tough situation . 
  and the us invading without the approval of the un bolsters albanian nationalism and tensions arise . 
  i know that is the general case . 
  i live in macedonia ( gr ) and we have many albanians here . 
  many of my friends are albanian . 
  but what my point is , is that the whole kosovo thing was bad . 
  and we have the democrats to blame for invading ( without getting un approval ) and acting all like serbia is going third reich mode . 
  albanians in kosovo also had their part in making the situation worse . 
  burning orthodox churces etc. 
  not to mention [ organ theft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo ) . 
  both sides acted wrong . 
  if we try and blame one side here we miss the fact that the other side was in the wrong too . 
  it was and is a pretty messed up situation, 
  you should read about the role of woodrow wilson and the establishment of albania as it is after ww1 . 
  nothing to do with the ottomans . 
  just ask an albanian . 
  wilson is a pretty major figure there . 
  same goes with clinton, 
   according to the ministry , turkish authorities issued a navtex on thursday informing of a military exercise with live ammunition in the area east of farmakonisi on friday morning . 
   but the greek defense ministry issued a navtex rejecting the turkish notification saying it was invalid and because it covered greek territorial waters . 
   the incident occurred after a recent flurry of turkish violations of greek airspace and increased tensions between athens and ankara , which were further fuelled last month when the greek supreme court refused to extradite eight turkish servicemen to turkey for their alleged role in the botched coup attempt in the neighboring country in july . 
  the democratic party ( us ) since the days of woodrow wilson has played an important role in messing the balkans up . 
  because planting muslim people between orthodox christian populations is a plan set to work ... / s, 
   they do n't force us to do anything . 
  we are a bilingual country and have decided to accommodate each other all over the country . 
  this is why we learn french in english canada and why they learn english in french canada . 
  there are those who refuse to speak english but there are many who do speak english . 
  if it was n't for quebec canada would only speak english . 
  that is a well established fact . 
  fun story : i was looking for some info during my time in quebec and i kindly called a hotel and i asked for info speaking english of course . 
  they would reply in french - which i ca n't speak - and when i asked if she can please reply in english she again said something in french and hang up . 
  moments later i called and spoke greek . 
  then the same person was more than happy to speak in english . 
  people like that despise the english speaking parts of canada . 
  it is that simple . 
  they do n't even think of themselves as englishmen the same way a lot of people in ontario lets say do . 
  now does that mean a seccesion movement is legitimate ? 
  there are laws in place . 
  why should we mess with other people 's laws as clinton did in serbia ? 
  good to see the socialists getting annihilated, 
  so are you ok with quebec leaving canada ? 
  they are forcing the rest of canada to speak a second language , they themselves do n't speak english ( do n't tell me they speak i am canadian myself and i know they refuse to do it ) etc. 
   most serbs were not living in kosovo and do n't want to live in kosovo many english speaking canadian do n't live in quebec either . 
  you see my point here ? 
   whole cost of 300 $ or co-pay ? 
   where my friend ? 
  i am really surprised that you live in greece and you have such questions . 
   no i do not pay for it . 
  i pay taxes according to my income . 
  if i paid for it there could be a situation where i could not afford it . 
  the point is not that you pay according to your income or not . 
  the point is that you pay for it . 
  why is it so hard to understand ? 
   taxes are gathered so the state can exist . 
  it does spend them as the government elected by the majority wishes . 
  it is not a perfect system , especially the greek implementation of it , but it is the best we have so far . 
  sure i am not an ancap . 
  i see importance in the state .
