  `` we need further centralization '' , `` eliminate tax competition '' etc. 
  we should let this union breath if we want it to survive . 
  more decentralization , more choices . 
  theresa may 's lack of an ideological base is why her manifesto has been such a disaster . 
   it is clear that the conservative manifesto has done serious damage to the party 's electoral prospects . 
   there is a sharp and deep inflection point in the conservatives ' lead from the publication of the manifesto . 
  never before has a party leader changed a manifesto policy mid-campaign , as mrs may was forced to do last week over social care , which made a mockery of her endless billing of herself as ` strong and stable ' until then . 
   most party leaders have had a circle of supporters and ideological allies around them . 
  their role is to provide ideas and act as outriders and surrogates to test and defend policies before they have to be made ` official ' in the manifesto or as government policy . 
   under david cameron , the conservatives had a mixture of policy exchange and the centre for social justice to do this , and eager support from the media . 
  blair and brown had groups like the ippr and demos ; miliband ( i guess ) had the likes of compass . 
  thatcher had the iea , the cps and us ; major had a grab-bag of organisations like the social market foundation and the asi . 
   those speculations , which more often than not are not speculations , are running since early 90s non-stop . 
  and that happens for a reason . 
  one of the biggest concerns regarding albania entering the eu is crime and things like domestic violence . 
  singapore did what china did and what hong kong did . 
  this is why there was progress on the part of the planet . 
  they had tremendous problems regarding poverty before such moves happened . 
  and this is why people like xiaoping or lky are revered in those countries . 
   eventually you give over all control to corporations corporations operate under a set of laws . 
  laws set by each country . 
  not a corporation . 
   edi rama is a reasonable guy , not nationalistic hothead i really doupt that . 
  i feel like he is actually pushing for greater albania . 
  he has a hidden agenda . 
  he appears pro-west and moderate on the outside but on the other hand he wo n't actually campaign against extreme nationalists in albania . 
  he even wo n't target the drug cartels which are going strong . 
  many speculations of ties between officials and the mafia are going on lately . 
   that 's why we should prevent that . 
  yea we should give reasons to businesses to move to asia . 
  very smart of you . 
   lmao , taxes are not fucking handouts . 
  juncker : to compensate small countries aka to give them handouts  you mean countries that actually provide the infrastructure and educated workforce would get the tax money ? 
  how is this bad ?? 
  because it want allow small countries to develop similar business friendly enviroments, 
  stealing means to take something from someone . 
  attracting businesses with a better deal is no stealing . 
  we should be able to give smaller countries the ability to attract businesses ( that means jobs ) and not wait for compensation as juncker says . 
  we want jobs more than we want handouts . 
  economics can differ from power politics . 
  all you have to do is take a look at singapore . 
  the miracle of embracing free trade and competition with the rest of the world . 
  from swamp with no food , to a rich megacity-state . 
  smaller countries can be economically strong . 
  what they do is reasonable . 
  even small and medium sized companies do that . 
  many greek companies has transfered their hqs to bulgaria were they only pay 10 % corporate tax . 
  businesses want to save money and pay as little as possible while conducting business . 
  that is no news . 
  smaller countries should be able to use taxation as leverage to attract businesses that in turn provide people with jobs . 
  the greek shipping industry for instance have many privilages . 
  it almost pays no taxes . 
  but they provide many high pay jobs , even for the low skilled . 
  without such industries many people during the crisis would have been left helpless . 
  we would n't want to lose that industry . 
  eliminating tax competition would attract all businesses to germany or france . 
  smaller countries would wait for the handout in order to survive . 
  what we want is jobs , not handouts . 
  two things to point out . 
  zaev should be wary of his albanian partners . 
  the country is extremely unstable and the last thing it needs is an albanian trojan horse . 
  also now that the nationalist circus is away from the steering wheel the government of skopje should seek a dialogue with greece . 
  a solution to the naming dispute would be an enormous step forward . 
  first of all both greece and fyr are orthodox countries . 
  religious tourism and tourism in general would be beneficial for the area . 
  secondly greece supports fyr 's independence . 
  if that country wants to secure its borders it should seek an alliance with greece . 
  it is either that or more radical solutions like border changes , confederation with serbia etc. 
  many things have been on the table lately . 
  greek foreign minister kotzias has already asked to meet with the new skopjian foreign minister the first chance he gets . 
  let 's hope for progress . 
  that would only put strong countries in a stronger position and make smaller ones dependent on the powerful . 
  we can have a federal tax and a national tax similar to the us . 
  but trying to stop tax competition is what would really be unfair and inefficient . 
  the champagne socialist bureaucrats in brussels have to go . 
  this spendaholic eu wo n't last . 
  yea it does n't work like that . 
  the center union party members went to both nd and pasok . 
  andreas , the founder of pasok , compared to his father was further to the left . 
  this is why he did n't continue in the center union and instead he founded pasok . 
   the left called him a traitor because he switched from socialist to conservative party . 
  where do you get your history from ? 
  he was never in a socialist party and he never held socialist views . 
  he also played a key role in greco-turkish rapprochement . 
  during the military junta years he escaped with a small boat to turkey with the help of \u0130hsan sabri \u00c7a\u011flayangil . 
  he was a proponent of a european turkey and a turkish accession in the eu . 
  in 1997 he was awarded the \u0130pek\u00e7i award . 
  he was not head of state . 
  he was a state leader . 
  [ there is a difference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_oldest_living_state_leaders ), 
   the same political class that got us in the union nope . 
  the older political class of ere got us in the union . 
  the `` metapoliteusi '' class was the corrupt class . 
   well established diplomats work for the same corrupt politicians we talked about . 
  this is why i urge you to read the book . 
  in contains amazing insider info regarding even fights between diplomats and the political class . 
  painting everyone us corrupt is simply wrong . 
   constantine mitsotakis , a former conservative prime minister remembered for fierce confrontations with greece 's liberal and socialist parties as well as early free-market reforms during a 60-year political career , died early monday . 
  he was 98 . 
   mitsotakis served as prime minister between 1990 and 1993 , a brief spell during two decades dominated by his socialist rivals .
