  a highly controversial move that was protested even in turkey by sane turks such as taner ak\u00e7am who was arrested for being against the invasion . 
  after the invasion ( and illegal occupation ) the turkish government moved turks there in order to dehellenize the region . 
  not to mention the destruction of greek property and cultural destruction such as church raids etc. 
  as of today no other nation except turkey recognises the pseudo-state in northern cyprus . 
  every nation on the planet is against the position and the narrative that the turkish government promotes . 
  i really want to like him stuff like this make it hard . 
  punishing other countries for not completely following his model , going after states with lower taxes ... 
  i know he is after the left wing vote but this is too much . 
  i would understand a federal us-like corporate tax rate but this is not the case in the eu . 
  at this moment it is a national issue to deal with corporate taxes and enda kenny and the irish are doing just that . 
  nothing to go after here . 
  macron is in the wrong . 
   countries with high tax rates tend to do better longterm than those with lower yea right ... 
  this is why canada has been lowering its corporate tax consistently since the 80s and the whole country has been improving in all matters . 
  same thing with australia and new zealand . 
  i can name your way of thinking obsolete and medieval . 
  depending on bureaucrats to run your life . 
  that is just a bad argument . 
   i 'm glad almost nobody in europe thinks like you ... you would be surprised . 
   if they do n't have the money they just die . 
  stop watching michael moore . 
  no one denies you treatment especially if you have an emergency case . 
  they are required by law to treat you . 
  you still pay taxes for healthcare if you do n't have the money to pay for it the moment you need it via penalty fees when you file your taxes the next year . 
  not to mention private entities that provide for those in need . 
  this will hardly happen . 
  the us needs eastern turkey for operations in the middle east . 
  this is why turkey does n't like the kurds too . 
  a kurdish state would be pro-us and would act as a base for americans making turkey in the region irrelevant . 
   why not make them pay for it ? 
  refer to my [ other comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/68rzp0/catalonia_region_introduces_soda_tax_on_sugary/dh0wkes/?context=3 ), 
  * from my experience * greek immigrants in the anglosphere are pretty conservative . 
  center/center-right liberals maybe . 
  greeks living in greece on the other hand ... you can hardly find another state in europe were people are so eager to * proudly * tell you that they are communists . 
  that is true . 
  rare species even in the rest of mainland europe i would argue . 
  libertarianism and like minded conservatism is pretty much an anglosphere political phenomenon . 
  in canada , new zealand , united kingdom or the usa libertarianism is pretty mainstream . 
  as i said earlier i am a canadian and being there has influenced me greatly . 
  that is right . 
  so what ? 
  how is that a reason to tax a product more ? 
  you can have a balance between forced state healthcare and private health services . 
  i am canadian and in canada as you know there is universal healthcare . 
  but many people prefer to travel to the us and pay more for operations because of better and faster treatment . 
  the us quality is superb . 
  you should be able to have this choice . 
  i do n't argue for the elimination of state healthcare . 
  i just want a big part of it to be privatized . 
  tobacco and alchohol taxes are stupid taxes too . 
  i never had a smoke in my life . 
  i find it pointless . 
  that does n't mean that i should tax other people that prefer to smoke . 
   they 've put a tax on it , they have n't prohibited their selling . 
  they put a tax on something they do n't like . 
  punishing people for their life choices seems like a bad idea . 
   what do you think about the tax on tobacco and alcohol ? 
  pointless taxes . 
   then do n't make the rest of us pay for obesity related health issues i do n't want you to pay for my choices . 
  and this is why i am for further privatization of the health sector so that you wo n't be forced to pay for anything more than necessary regarding other 's people healthcare expenses . 
  singapore does it right enough . 
  switzerland to an extent too . 
  i am pretty sure you do n't like too . 
  another stupid tax . 
  a `` i do n't like this product and this is why people should pay more for it '' tax . 
  it is not about supporting soda or not . 
  it is about supporting personal liberties and choices . 
  not true . 
  it really depends on the specific location of each continent . 
  at the moment france and specifically paris is considered to be among , if not the top , terrorist target in the west . 
  and when dealing with numbers you have to make sure that we talk about the same numbers . 
  apples with apples and oranges with oranges . 
  some charts pointing out higher death rates in the us include obesity and various similar deaths . 
  what these travel warning talk about is mostly terrorism related . 
  europe for many obvious reasons ( geography , easier access etc. ), 
  is an easier target for terrorists . 
  denying that would be ignorant . 
  it is the same logic used by any nation on this planet . 
  if you ca n't survive another day in order to be able to pursue liberties what 's the point ? 
  read the melian dialogue . 
  is this the guy that swedes make fun of because of his hats ? 
  he wears some pretty dope fedoras when hunting . 
  national issues that have to do with the survival and defence of a nation precede free speech . 
  i am not an idealogue . 
  ideologies come after the pragmatic implementation of politics . 
  do you know that during these protest in the skopjian parliament there were people who think themselves as `` macedonians '' and chanted stuff like `` liberate thessaloniki '' and other similar nonsense ? 
  what if i told you these are common practices among the population of that country ? 
  and of course this is a resut of the immense propaganda . 
  they build alexander the great statues , name roads after him , call the macedonian a non ancient greek tribe . 
  even their flag is stolen from verginian insigia . 
  vergina . 
  recognised by unesco for a center for * hellenism * . 
  you understand that this can get dangerous as time goes by and new generations are brought up thinking about this and that greeks `` stole their land and heritage '' . 
  i think these concerns are reasonable . 
  the values of the american constitution are extremelly important . 
  that is true . 
  but i do n't see how kemal has anything to do with these values . 
  he was for a secular state . 
  true . 
  but he was also a notorious statist that imposed the turkification on the new state and its subjects .
