  [ something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide ) happened there too . 
  the brits , italians and french that you speak of used the revolting greeks and armenians in order to forge a new geopolitical order in the region . 
  the brits operated all the way to suez . 
  the origins of the name have nothing to do with the final usage of the term . 
  keep on reading  in western europe , the two names `` ottoman empire '' and `` turkey '' were often used interchangeably , with `` turkey '' being increasingly favored both in formal and informal situations . 
  this dichotomy was officially ended in 1920 -- 23, 
  not really . 
  the native americans were split on the issue . 
  it was a confederacy called iroquois in the north that strongly objected to the american effort . 
  also the turkish motherland is in the altai mountains . 
  the part about the pro-sultan militas is true . 
  but what invaders are you talking about ? 
  the greeks and the armenians were the original inhabitants of the land and the pushed the ottoman empire back . 
  the did n't invade because it was their land to begin with . 
  sure they got support from england for instance but kemal got support from lenin too . 
  the new turkish nationalists fought to make sure that the uprising in the west and the east would not completelly annihilate their state so that they wo n't cease to exist . 
  i would be just a japanese . 
  i did n't say kemal was an official up untill the end . 
  i said that he went nationalist and fought against the people ( other ottomans ) who wanted compromise with the west and against armenians or greeks who tried to reclaim back their land . 
  i did n't say he did all that under the ottoman banner but that does n't change the fact that he was ottoman . 
  when the ottoman empire ceased to be so did the ottoman title . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the ottomans who occupy armenian , bulgarian , greek , kurdish land fight against the original inhabintants trying to claim back their land from an imperialist empire and yet they call it was of `` independence '' ? 
  you know a war of independence is what you actually become independent from your former overlord . 
  americans getting independent from british rule . 
  irish getting independent from british rule . 
  greeks getting independent from ottoman rule . 
  bulgarians getting independent from ottoman rule . 
  brazil from the united something ( big name do n't remember ) . 
  who did the turks get independent from ? 
  themselves ? 
   how can he be an ottoman official if he resigned ??? 
  so let 's say i am a japanese official . 
  and i resign . 
  i cease to be japanese ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  you pretty argumentative moments ago . 
  and why is that ? 
  i made reasonable points , brought them to the table and expected a reasonable counter . 
  i gave you specifics and you just walk away . 
  it is the easy thing to do . 
  calling me `` one of those '' ( whatever that means ) and then failing to bring up a counter argument . 
  whatever ... 
  sorry mate but i do n't buy into the whole trump is the devil thing . 
  his cabinet picks where exceptionally good . 
  tillerson , ross , mnuchin and mattis are overqualified for their positions . 
  mattis is also pro two-state solution in israel . 
  his proposal for the replacement of the aca was pretty moderate too . 
  the libertarian wing of the gop is already calling it obamacare 2.0 he also vowed to protect lgbt people . 
  first republican in years to do so . 
  pence reassured the us-eu commitment . 
  the congress also voted for more nasa budget . 
  trump signed an eo to promote women in stem . 
  he has great advisors on these issues . 
  guys like elon musk . 
  you get the idea . 
  you have to actually pay attention to most of these things because as you know the media and trump do n't really get along and so the media does n't always report on these . 
  feel free to look them up though . 
  the dems and the gop are generally pretty close to each other . 
  there have n't been any extremes in power . 
  the us system is more than the president . 
  i just said that the parties evolve . 
  of course the gop of 2 years ago is n't the gop of today . 
  political stability does n't mean ideological stability, 
  the democratic or republican platform is not set in stone . 
  the parties evolve and so do their ideas too . 
  the democrats of the early 20th century are not the democrats of today . 
  same goes with the gop . 
  but the vehicle of their ideas ( the party ) stays strong and in that way they ensure political stability . 
  compare that to a parliamentary system with elections every 2-3 years . 
  yea the fact that other ottomans did n't agree with the ideas of kemal does n't make kemal less ottoman . 
  stalin was soviet but trotsky was soviet too . 
  the fact that stalin hunted him down does n't make trotsky less soviet . 
  we call ottomans subjects of the ottoman empire just as we call soviets the subjects of the soviet ~ ~ empire ~ ~ union . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the title ottoman applied to every ottoman subject . 
  just like the term soviet , american , roman etc. 
  just telling me that i have no idea about something is not an argument, 
  that was an overstretch . 
  i do n't justify that . 
  oh the horrors . 
  armenians and greeks wanted back their lands ? 
  how dare they ? 
  yes it is incorrect . 
  kemal was an ottoman official fighting to ensure that the ottoman empire would n't be completelly annihilated so that the turks would have a home . 
  so during the so called `` war of independence '' he together with other army officials transformed the ottoman empire to the turkish state . 
  they did n't quite like some treaties that the west was proposing so they went nationalist . 
  these new nationalists formed a government in ankara and then fought in order to ensure that the there would be no compromise with the west . 
  have in mind that the ottoman empire was an imperialist force occupying armenian , kurdish , bulgarian , greek etc. 
  lands . 
  all these people tried to push back the ottoman occupants because the time was right . 
  the empire was on its knees . 
  long story short the turkish nationalists managed to stop the complete dissolusion of the previous state . 
  you vote for the lesser evil in a multi party system too because your choice will have to work with another party and so a compromise must be made . 
  this compromise in a two party system happens inside the party . 
  reforms <  war of independence . 
  as i said to another guy this is like calling the xinhai revolution the chinese war of independence . 
  you mean ottomans reforming the ottoman empire into a modern state and renaming it . 
  they did n't `` took the country back '' . 
  they already had it .
