  that 's just my opinion though ... 
  if [ greece and estonia can meet the 2 % nato threshold ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2016/04/15/news/nato-spending-countries/ ) there is no excuse for the rest of europe not to do it as well . 
  defense is of the essence !, 
  c'mon eu let 's get to work, 
  when we use the term '' * thatcherite * '' to describe a part of the political spectrum even after all these years , we know that m.thatcher must have been a big deal . 
  she redefined conservatism , rebuilt the uk and enhanced the anglo-american alliance . 
  her influence is undeniable . 
  her legacy lives on . 
  this was bound to happen . 
  this leftist narrative that the syriza party cultivated before seizing power was unreasonably soft on crime . 
  weak on criminals , weak on illegal immigration and an establishment of absence of law and order . 
  let 's not forget that they also portraited the far-left terrorist organization 17n as `` humanitarian '' . 
  when you decide to keep this kind of stance against even small offenses , bigger problems will follow . 
  broken window theory it is sad to see horrible crimes as this being committed because an ideologue ( in this case minister paraskevopoulos ) in an office thinks he has the moral high ground . 
  you reap what you sow , i guess . 
  europe never had free markets in the same way the australians , or the canadians or the usa did . 
  it seems to work for the anglosphere . 
  france can make it work if there is political will . 
  well good for france . 
  finally a * real * conservative makes an entrance in continental europe . 
  not a christian democrat ( social democrat in disguise ) but a real conservative . 
  in the anglosaxon manner . 
  free markets , sensible cultural conservatism , fiscal responsibility etc. 
  the same circus act happens every year . 
  far-left thugs burning down private property without having to face any concequences . 
  a sad result of the absence of law & order in greece . 
  and it does n't help when the socialist syriza government applauds these kind of actions as a healthy result of an `` energized and revolutionary youth '', 
  while that is true turkey is different because that authoritarian tradition follows the country even today . 
  army and politics are seperated in germany , spain or greece . 
  in turkey the army still plays a big role in politics . 
  ( some may say the army takes the modernizer role in turkey but still . 
  the army is army and should not be involved with the democratic rule ) for a country to change a legislation is not enough . 
  the culture has to change . 
  i do n't see how turkish culture is on the same page as the european culture . 
  expansionist rhetoric , neo-ottomanism , anti-israeli sentiment , military involvement in politics etc. 
   whenever someone from a religious far-right group tried to take a harder grip on the steering wheel , the army intervened you do n't get the point do you ? 
  army intervention is army intervention . 
  it does n't matter if it tried to stop the far-right or the far-left or islamists or whatever . 
  the tradition of the military intervention is turkey is a reality and is definatelly a point to take in consideration when calling turkey western . 
  especially when this tradition continues in our times . 
  as far as the neo-ottoman foreign policy all you have to do is check the latest news . 
  erdogan challenging the treaty of lausanne , the support for the non recognised occupying forces in northern cyprus etc. 
  turkey always had an authoritarian grip at their steering wheel . 
  erdogan is not their first . 
  whenever they tried to loosen up the grip the army intervened ( they had a coup in the 60s , the 80s , even now in 2016 ... it is normal for them ) . 
  this comes from their long lasting ottoman/muslim tradition . 
  not to mention their neo-ottoman foreign policy . 
  i really do n't see how some people think turkey is european or even has a path to join the eu . 
  i find this pretty sad . 
  free speech means having to hear things we do n't like as well . 
  who is going to draw the red line on what is hate speech ? 
  this can be used to silence voices we do n't like and dialogue is crucial for a functional democracy . 
  by banning certain topics/words/ideologies you only create a myth and myths attract , thus the original purpose of hiding something fails . 
  the left needs to become liberal again ( like it was in the early 20th century ) and abandon the socialist rhetoric . 
  the right is winning because it is embracing a new found conservative rhetoric . 
  liberal and conservatives can find a meeting ground in the center . 
  i do n't think socialists can meet the center 's demands because they are too anti-conservative . 
  that 's just my opinion though ... 
  all this talk about the greek debt is misleading . 
  even if the debt disappeared it would n't be long untill its next comeback . 
  the problem would n't go away . 
  because greece 's real problem lies in the structure of the state and the mentality of a big part of the political class . 
  an enviroment that discourages entrepreneurship , unstable political system , corruption etc. 
  how is varoufakis still relevant ? 
  i love how he has no shame in making statements after he caused the annihilation of the greek negotiations . 
  funny guy, 
  well referendums are never good news, 
  yea all those things are provided under a capitalist framework and are not grounded in socialist influences ( common ownership of the means of production , union supremacy etc. ) . 
  the point of the nit or the voucher program is to abolish the welfare state and the welfare benefit narrative and create a system that enhances individual liberties , personal choice and everything associated in the classical liberal or austrian school moral compass . 
   then the wave of marxists revolutions washed over the world . 
  not in the anglosphere were british liberal even influenced the american progressive era . 
  and not in post-wwii germany for sure . 
  ludwig erhard , the legendary german economist , was a hayek associate and even went as far as abolishing price controls . 
  and certainly marxism is not to be seen in the post thatcher to blair era . 
   when you think of `` socialism '' you think ussr and marxism with a strong central state . 
  but you do n't even know who proudhon is . 
  you assumed that . 
  when i think of socialism i think not only marx and the states that experimented with socialism but also lassalle and proudhon and kropotkin . 
   but all of the fascist parties , leaders and groups were definitely and distinctly right wing . 
   no one labored under the illusion that they were left wing oswald mosley ( british fascist ) : `` i am not , and never have been , a man of the right . 
  my position was on the left and is now in the centre of politics . '', 
   all of the newspapers of the time identified them correctly as a conservative right wing tradition . 
  yea because the press has a tradition in labelling things right . 
  / s  all of the fascist parties were heavily elected into office by traditional right wing constituencies not really . 
  the absolutism monarchists that voted for them were not evident in the majority of the movement . 
  i believe you will find it interesting to read about the opposition to the rise of the third reich by conservatives like carl friedrich goerdeler , a staunch monarchist , in germany . 
   how this makes them left wing is beyond me how collectivism , state regulation , opposition to free and global markets , opposition to individualism , establishment of extensive welfare programs makes on left wing is beyond you ? 
  well i guess you still have some reading to do . 
   right wing revisionism even actual right wing people of the time , people like erik von kuehnelt-leddihn or any writer at the national review , viewed nazism as left wing . 
  just read goebbels ' diary and you would think you read a socialist pamphlet . 
  uhm no ? 
  how was irving fisher , keynes , friedman or stigler influence by socialism or syndicalism ? 
  you could say friedman was a market anarchist * at heart * but then again he also said `` the need for government in these respects arises because absolute freedom is impossible . 
  however attractive anarchy may be as a philosophy , it is not feasible in a world of imperfect men . '', 
  social democratic and progressive/liberal parties in europe should rename themselves into `` democratic '' or `` progressive '' parties and abandon the term socialist . 
  do it like they do it in korea , japan , canada , the us etc. 
  since they embrace capitalism it only makes sense not to fight capitalism on an ideological level too . 
  by naming your party `` socialist '' you give leverage to a young person to look into and probably give into socialist ideals . 
  that only hurts the capitalist system ( with welfare or not ) that they were trying to build to begin with . 
  i think the world has had enough of socialism .
