  and this is what the mainly statist chp does n't get . 
   how can the fact that islam is not compatible with western liberalism ( which i agree with you on this ) lead to impossibility of no liberal consensus in a country ? 
  because as i said . 
  the islamic roots are strong . 
  you underestimate them . 
  and let me give you another example here so that you do n't think that i only attack turkey on this . 
  in my country too the reactionary orthodox christian tradition coupled with the soviet mythos has established an anti liberal enviroment . 
  yes there is a very strong liberal tradition in greece but there is a huge divide between that tradition and the reactionary one . 
  so what do we keep from all of this ? 
  tradition is quite a force . 
   you are not helping the liberal , educated turks who detest the islamic trend i wish turkey had a more moderate liberal/conservative politics enviroment but at this moment in time turkish politics ( which has record approval ratings from the turkish people ) is dominated by islamic neo-ottomanism . 
  and in order to deal with a problem you first have to identify it . 
  where did i say that the invasion of cyprus is connected to islam ? ... 
  my islam point is that within the islamic culture and tradition there is a set of values incompatible with western liberalism . 
  and this tradition is the reason that there is no liberal consensus in turkey . 
  liberal turks are not a minority in their country . 
  they are a brutally tiny minority . 
  even the chp which claims not to be a conservative party is pretty nationalist and populist at times . 
  they were the ones that invaded cyprus after all . 
  sadly there is no liberal party ( of considerable size ) or generally a liberal consensus in turkey . 
  it is a moderate * islamic * country, 
  as i suspected . 
  you do n't even study the cases you bring up . 
  merten was found guilty of defamation . 
  his accusations were false and he could n't even answer court question regarding evidence . 
  do yourself a favor and make sure that you can back your arguments with further evidence . 
  funds alone are not enough to boost an economy . 
  it was the governance of papagos and karamanlis that set the standard of actual good governance, 
  i 'll leave you with some actual work of that 50s government enjoy !, 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_economic_miracle ), 
   you mean the greek civil war right ? 
   where the nazi collaborators used english weapons and american funds to fight the greek resistance . 
  keep telling that to yourself . 
  i am pretty sure it comforts your fairytale version of history . 
  our military is quite operational i must say . 
  i would love to point you to certain links with great analysis on this topic ( with officials analyzing and not just reporters ) but they are in greek , sorry . 
  what was not needed in our military has been cut during the last years . 
   but many countries in the eu do n't share political goal . 
  tell that to an epp conference . 
   greece seems pretty anti eu that it seems and what it is , are two different things . 
   the greek are quite pro russia , there have been a lot of polls on that . 
  or remember when the government started to make deals with russia because they got all angry at germany ? 
  sorry , but that alone should have been enough backstabbing to kick greece out . 
  polls are polls . 
  reality is reality . 
  if you wish to understand our greek policy you should read official papers policies . 
  the modern greek state since its inception had and has close ties with the west . 
  not russia . 
  now if ding dong man mr.tsipras went to russia for help tell me how that worked out ? 
  he kicked all of his pro-russian ministers out of the party as soon as he understood that such actions are mumbo jumbo  because most people preferred a more western european union . 
  how has someone in western europe benefited from being in a union with greece ? 
  greece is basically just a constant trouble maker . 
  the eu is not an extortion party and a zero sum game . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that fact that it is based on a rivalry with turkey is irrelevant . 
  if it happens the end result is all that matters . 
  it also happens because it must be done . 
  imagine living next to a country that violates your border integrity every other day . 
  that pays minorities in your country to not be assimilated . 
  that illegaly occupies land . 
  and on top of that you know that that country is vital to us for its operations against iran or syria . 
   it is n't about spending a fixed amount of money as much as spending it where it is effective . 
  it is effective . 
  our military is working tirelessly day and night making sure that our borders are secure and we appreciate that . 
  nato literally is `` countries that are under us influence and the us needs for its operations '' . 
  a nato without the us would be weak . 
   also , an eu without the us would naturally increase their spending . 
  well we better start spending more right now . 
  if trump is right about one thing it is that we in europe are freeloaders . 
  i am happy at least that greece spends the agreed amount when it comes to defence . 
  first you surive . 
  then you work on your long lasting prosperity . 
  without defence there is nothing . 
  we all know what the fate of the baltics or eastern europe would be without the us . 
  and i think that this stance that many europeans have against the us is ungrateful the least . 
  more europeans with superiority complex thinking that europe is better than the us while we all know it is the us which holds the leash . 
  i am so sick of this us bashing . 
  sometimes i wish they pull the plug and let europe rot , but then i remember i am european too and i would n't want to live in a helpless europe . 
   would you fancy a more detailed answer ? 
  yes please . 
  tell me how much devaluation is enough and * why * that is the point you pick . 
  also tell me why more devaluation would be wrong . 
  and of course after your proposed numbers i would like to know your predicted timeline as far as recovery goes . 
  the eu is a political project . 
  the ez is economics . 
  and greeks fought to be in the west 's sphere of influence . 
  we fough a war to make sure that we are not under russia 's sphere of influence . 
  just because the economy is tanking that does n't mean that the eu should be altered . 
  also the country is not bashing the eu . 
  certain people in the country do . 
  and it is not a greek only phenomenon . 
  it happens in the north too . 
  in every country there are eurosceptic people . 
  the euro 's parity with the dollar is slightly above 1:1 . 
  almost since 2015 . 
  i do n't think that is a devalued currency, 
  first of all the country is not in venezuela mode . 
  we are not starving ourselves to death . 
  that is a myth that the far-left socialist syriza used in order to justify the expansion of state and higher taxation . 
  secondly yes there have been problems and miscalculations .
