  interesting but still did n't make it for me . 
  if you have anything better please point me to it . 
  i myself am pretty libertarian . 
  right libertarian though . 
  libertarian socialism never made sense to me . 
  on the one hand you promote individuals and on the other you promote a collective society were things are organized in a communal manner . 
  a communal decision may impact one 's choices , domain etc. 
  a pretty contradictory ideology if you ask me, 
  an pact like this still remains what it is . 
  who broke the deal first is of lesser importance . 
   they argue that america is the policeman of the world cause it 's democratic and free . 
  they argue that the us should be the policeman because no one else can . 
  europe could n't even deal with the kosovo issue without the us . 
   then you have to accept the risk of having china or a dictatorship as the future policeman of the world if it becomes a military superpower that is true . 
  this is why modern nations and their international relationships are based on realpolitik and international realism . 
  unfortunatelly might makes right . 
  make sure to be strong in order not to get stomped . 
   private property wo n't matter because nobody would give a shit about it . 
  not really . 
  private property creates a domain that safeguards your individual liberties . 
  how you use it , where to use it etc. 
  it is important . 
   if you see some research in bonobo and chimpanzee abundance of resources lead to more collectivization and egalitarianism . 
  we are not bonobo . 
  we have come pretty far . 
   we might aswell equate nixon with hitler . 
  nixon was not evil . 
  the dncleaks are way worst than watergate . 
  i am pretty sure you are not willing to equate hillary with hitler . 
   left and conservative are 2 different terms . 
  the leader of our german left-party for instance is also very conservative . 
  true . 
  this is why prager uses truman or jfk in the video . 
  in order to point out leftists that are not like the rest . 
   its only later that it became a `` good vs evil '' fight . 
  what the video argues is how certain people perceive wars . 
  specifics on how it started are another issue . 
   any other questions , you smartass ? 
  like i 'd argue with people giving me that kind of attitude . 
  you are in way over your head . 
   no , if the ussr and germany were allies the ussr would have joined them in the war against the allies people change sides in order to expand their interests . 
  this is what the soviets did . 
  you say they are not credible yet you fail to point out specifics . 
  is anders fogh rasmussen not credible ? 
  is ayaan hirsi ali not credible ? 
  these are people that were part of prager 's work . 
  i find them pretty credible . 
  because they promote collectivist ways of organization and egalitarianism . 
  what i talked about right above was further expansion of individualism and property rights . 
   the ussr was n't allied with germany  they made a pact to partition poland that is what alliance do . 
  deals . 
  there are no broad alliances . 
  only interests . 
  in this video right above us you can watch dennis prager say `` i am not talking about every leftist '' and he uses truman and kennedy in order to point out two left wing liberals that do n't describe what he is pointing out in the video . 
  i find that a pretty reasonable thing to say in order not to generalize . 
  as far as the other videos you talk about . 
  again . 
  point out specifics and counter them . 
  i can argue why i believe the us should be the policeman of the world . 
  everyone went crazy when trump said he would n't be the policeman and everyone was relieved when they heard that trump will intervene ( and intervened ) and broke his promise not to police . 
  with the full automation of the means of production there will be no need for workers . 
  or even less workers if you want . 
  every theory based on worker 's rights will become even more irrelevant . 
  not really . 
  the ussr invaded poland too and was allied with the third reich with the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  the west still used the soviets in order to take down the reich . 
  and there were many voices in the american army ( patton for instance ) who argued for the continuation of war in order to deal with the communist soviets too . 
  still not an argument . 
  they bring arguments up . 
  they do n't call you out and say `` the left makes my brain hurt '' or `` left wing lunatics do n't bother with them '' . 
  if you want to counter that you better bring up sound arguments instead of just dismissing them . 
  they have brought people to the show that are certaintly not people that make your brain hurt . 
  people like anders fogh rasmussen , pm of denmark . 
  give them a try and if you do n't like their content criticize it on substance . 
  post scarcity wo n't bring communism because in the west we have this great idea called `` private property '' . 
  post scarcity will lead to the enhancement of private domains and one individual 's life choices and freedom . 
  there will be even less need for egalitarianism, 
  what free market extremism ? 
  every western economy is pretty much a mixed capitalist economy . 
   as for true communism , you have to be a psychopath to hate it . 
  so individualists and people who are not egalitarian are psychopaths ? 
  these debate tactics are so outdated . 
   lenin is as bad as stalin ? 
  you do n't compare evil . 
  evil is evil . 
  lenin said `` there are times when the interests of the proletariat call for ** ruthless extermination ** of its enemies in open armed clashes ''  if the left is overrepresented in academia , is there perhaps a reason ? 
  conservative people tend go into business related jobs , management , the army etc. 
   vietnam was a `` good war '' ? 
   what the hell is a `` good war '' ? 
  if you think the the allies were right to attack the reich then you justify wars in the name of defeating evil and preventing further suffering . 
  countries turning into red dictatorships under people like pol pot was a reason for the west to fight a `` good war '', 
  people attack prageru for being conservative . 
  how is that even an insult ? 
  it would be way better if you people who disagree argued on the basis of the contents of the video and the things said in it instead of just going `` lol prager downvote '', 
   with one being a economic system yea i am pretty sure class hatred and worker 's revolution are theories based on the grounds of economics . 
  a step in the right direction . 
  so an island with a [ greek population ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/ethnographic_distribution_in_cyprus_1960.jpg ) ( greeks on the island during the 1960s ) wanted to unite with the rest of greece and that is somehow ... illegitimate ? 
  makarios was considered by the americans and the brits as the `` castro of the mediterranean '' . 
  henry kissinger gave the ok for his overthrow by other greeks . 
  the turkish government just pulled a crimea before it was cool .
