   when was the last time your voice was heard ? 
  on a european level or on a national level ? 
  why exactly will he mark history ? 
  he seemed pretty forgotten about an hour ago . 
  we 've had the same government since way before the 90s . 
  but this same government has changed a lot of names and faces . 
  are you telling me that the pro-arab papandreou governments were the same with the pro-israel government ? 
  i believe you too understand how stupid that sounds . 
   you ca n't keep making nothing but mistakes for decades . 
  not everything has been a mistake . 
  there has been several steps to the right direction by many governments . 
  here are some examples . 
  the 2012 government slashed the [ debt ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-debt ) , bolstered [ growth ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth-annual ) and cut government [ spending ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-spending-to-gdp ) to gdp . 
   there have been austerity measures for almost 10 years now . 
  alternative economic approach to austerity when you are out of cash ? 
  when in your own life you are short on money do you go out spending ? 
   i think you missed my point . 
  all political parties have the same interests . 
  and those interests are not greek . 
  that is vague . 
  you have to be specific . 
   that 's debatable . 
  that is not debatable . 
  our institutions work . 
  that fact that syriza went from 3 % to 40 % means our democracy works . 
  the fact that golden dawn went from 0.1 % to 7 % indicates that our democracy works . 
   no guy will do that . 
  no woman , either . 
  pms come and go , yes . 
  and they get paid a lot in the process . 
  and after the process , too . 
  take mitsotakis for instance . 
  before politics he was working in the baking sector . 
  filthy rich . 
  in politics * he loses * money . 
  how does even your argument make sense ? 
   the point was that i do n't care if the vardarskans are under russian influence . 
  it does n't affect me . 
  if they want to be , let them be . 
  it affects you because spheres of influences affect you . 
  when the balkans were under soviet control greece was the only country together with turkey in the region that matters to the us . 
  that gave us geopolitical importance . 
  we had money , weapons , alliances . 
  when the soviet union fell we lost that importance and the us found other allies in albania and bulgaria . 
  since the geopolitical theatre has shifted towards the middle east we ca n't afford to deal with a silly state such as the one in the north . 
   why is either of these things important ? 
  nato is importance because it secures our defence via article 5 . 
  it is a collective defence pact . 
  it is also importance because it provides our army with expertise , knowledge and methods of war that make our army better prepared . 
  constant military meetings and training together with the best of the best in the business can only be good for our army . 
  eu is importance because through it we secure the balkans when they join the union . 
  we get funding to reform our state . 
  we safeguard our individual rights in the european courts when our courts fail . 
  we get to have a voice and a vote in matters that affect the region . 
   but the present is no different than the past . 
  same government . 
  we have changed several governments since the 90s  the government made no mistakes . 
  everything they did , they did it on purpose . 
  sources  voted in ? 
  first of all , the people are told to choose one party out of several . 
  but all the parties are basically the same . 
  you are free to vote for whoever you want . 
  even for fringe political parties . 
  no one is stopping you . 
   besides , do n't forget that the results can be rigged . 
  the votes are always counted and presented by the same non-greek agency every time . 
  singularlogic . 
  look up who owns it . 
  there are representatives of more than one organization that check the result . 
  we do n't live in a shady dictatorship . 
   are you waiting for the government that is destroying greece to suddenly save us ? 
  you will wait longer . 
  politics have no finality . 
  there will be no salvation . 
  you always have to vote for the guy that will navigate you through current times the best . 
  pms come and go . 
   you get the wrong impression then . 
  the easiness with which you said `` let them go under russian influence '' indicated russophilia and only gd voters and members are advocating for such lunacy . 
  ca n't blame me for assuming that i guess . 
   i like to see these things from all perspectives and decide what is wrong and what is right . 
  that is a great mindset to have . 
  i assumed you already had studied enough in order to have an opinion because you expressed a concrete one before . 
   what would be damaging ? 
  leaving the eu or nato ? 
  mainly nato . 
  the eu is a less serious and important organization compared to nato . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  the eu is important for the forseeable future , but not as important as nato . 
   well , if we actually had a good government , we would have stopped all this from the beggining . 
  the past is over . 
  mistakes were made . 
  no one argues about that . 
   until we get a real government , one that actually cares about this , we ca n't do much . 
  we have a real government . 
  a bad one in my opinion . 
  but they are the ones in charge because they were voted in by other greeks . 
  and after them another real government will take over . 
  a government of humans . 
  and humans are not gods . 
  that means mistakes .
