   because socialism is n't necessarily bad by its definition , or its doctrines , while fascism is bad . 
  when socialism does n't work out , it 's because of bad implementation , while when fascism does n't work out , it 's because some of it 's doctrines are bad . 
  fascist doctrines derive from socialist doctrines . 
  this is evident if you read any of the proto-fascist and early fascist works . 
  nine of of ten were socialists to begin with . 
  collectivism , state regulation , opposition to the global and free market , extensive welfare ( either on the basis of class or nationhood in the case of fascism ) etc. 
   off-topic : karypidis sounds like dickpussy in albanian apparently many things in greek mean something weird in albanian . 
  i remember talking with some friends and one of my them used the word '' \u03c0\u03b1\u03bb\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac\u03c1\u03b9 '' ( palikari ) which means something like young lad . 
  the albanians among my friends started laughing . 
  the next day they started calling everyone `` hey what 's up palikari '' and they would laugh . 
  so we asked them about the joke ... next time i see them i 'll make sure to tell them that `` karypidis is a real palikari '' . 
   they were never pro-our country , though . 
  says you who does n't even consider the pros of being allied to israel  a few graphs on a screen are not real phenomena . 
  were do these numbers pop out from ? 
  actual measurements maybe ? 
   you 'd think 10 years would be enough . 
  but apparently , not even 99 years are enough . 
  they literally sold us away for 99 years , almost a century . 
  yea they hate us . 
  they want greece to suffer because ... reasons ! ^ ^ ^ / s  greece did n't elect anything . 
  i am pretty sure greeks voted for a. papandreou . 
  not aliens . 
   when you have no values , you just go to whichever party gets you more money . 
  when the program works values are pointless ( in politics ) . 
   during this `` stable period '' , most greek companies closed down or were sold . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  how old are you ? 
  because only if you are young enough to not remember the 90s you are excused of not knowing this . 
   as opposed to the rich state we see today , eh ? 
  you do n't know poverty . 
  you do n't understand how rich our society is compared to what it was . 
   it 's not so much that his father was a bad man ( which he was ) , best pm after 1974 . 
  easily . 
   are we supposed to believe that they were all worthy ? 
  do n't vote for those who you do n't find worthy . 
  the rest of us believe that experience is important . 
   the same lies the previous politicians told you ? 
  the promises that are never fulfilled ? 
  what changed ? 
  i do n't know what you are talking about but after the 2012 elections i got what i voted for . 
  samaras delivered to what we conservatives wanted . 
  at least enough of what we wanted . 
   it 's not in our interests to side with bullies . 
  it is in our interest to side with the strongest . 
   from the description it looks like the book largely revolves around , or is based on the events of 9/11 2001 , which are labled as a terrorist attack . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong about this , but that 's what it looks like . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't believe the narrative provided by the american government and media . 
  it explains the role of greece mainly in nato during the 90s and after 9/11 . 
   blame yourself all you want , but do n't include the rest of us . 
  if you are old enough , you voted . 
  if you voted , it is your fault too . 
   the referendum i mentioned was a great example . 
  the result was ignored in the name of the european union . 
  so , basically , they asked the citizens what they want , and then did the opposite . 
  in other words , they acted undemocratically , so they breached our citizen rights . 
  do you know what human rights are ? 
  what does a referendum has to do with them ? 
  dude wtf, 
   how about the pro-greek government ? 
  why did we never have such a thing ? 
  being pro-something other than your country can benefit your country ( geopolitical alliances , trade deals , military agreements etc. ), 
   yet the people were still hungry ( and still are ) and the problem only got bigger . 
  but hey !, 
  some numbers say otherwise . 
  the number indicate real phenomena of our society . 
  you do n't flick the switch and results happen . 
  there needs to be a period for policies to start working because of several reasons like bureaucracy . 
   why were we out of cash in the first place ? 
  was it also a mistake ? 
  greece elected the more spendaholic government of all times . 
  couple that with the innability of the opposition to topple him and you can see why we were out of cash . 
   the big ones have been destroying the country for the last 40 + years , while the small ones sit there and get payed with our money without doing anything . 
  parties change , members change , policies change . 
  `` the big ones '' are responsible of the most stable period of the greek state ( 74-09 ) . 
  study greek history and see how greece was before 1974 . 
  poor and regressive . 
   it 's you that should take him as an example . 
  an example of a man who is in politics , whose father was in politics , whose sister is in politics , whose great-uncle was in politics , whose nephew is in politics and i do n't know if i forgot someone . 
  i wo n't be surprised if his children also get in politics . 
  it 's a big business , after all , right ? 
  policies matter , not the family tree . 
  i would n't care even if he was satan 's son as long as i agreed with his program . 
   so , you 're telling me that we were a good american protectorate , until they dissed us for albania and bulgaria ? 
  now we are a moderate american protectorate ? 
  why is this a good thing ? 
  countries care about their own interests . 
  it is in our interest to be on the side of the strongest nations for obvious reasons . 
  a self explanatory good thing . 
   defence against whom ? 
  middle eastern terrorists , russian interests and future threats that may arise . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  read [ this ] ( http://www.metaixmio.gr/products/3621--11-.aspx ) . 
  geopolitics is quite complex in order to explain in a single reddit comment . 
  i believe that book would be enough . 
   looks like that did n't work very well ... because the greek people voted for government spending instead of thrifty programs and business investment . 
  not the institution 's fault . 
  our fault . 
   interesting ... because it looks like `` the citizens ' rights will be breached in the name of an expanded europe '' . 
  that 's what the former president agreed with . 
  how were your human and individual rights as we have defined them been breached ?
