  also remember that trying to appeal to the mhp voters will have a long term effect . 
  they will have expectations from the chp . 
  nationalists expectations that the chp will have to commit to if it will want to keep their support, 
  feel free to listen to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd-1lymxxx0 ) prof. mearsheimer argument for international relations . 
  i think it is great . 
  oh you now justify the invasion of cyprus too ? 
  if they feel that way they can vote for the chp but it would n't be wise to expect change after that . 
  we should have in mind that the akp ideas resonate well with the turkish people . 
  no one is the beacon of democracy and liberty . 
  the world is for the strong not the noble . 
  i am a staunch neorealist when it comes to international relations . 
  the people will only choose the real deal compared to the watered down version . 
  i do n't see why the nationalists wo n't back erdogan and instead go for the chp just because of this . 
  if i am not mistaken the akp at this point in time has the full support of the mhp for the ref . 
   every country wants to another one to comply to their demands . 
  uhm ... no ? 
  national interest are advanced with diplomacy not demanding and expecting others to always comply . 
   it seems those values that eu stood for come after national interests pragmatism  ideology . 
  of course national interest come first . 
  and the dutch feel like what turkey does is bad for them . 
  telling that i do n't know something is not an argument . 
  yea sure go on . 
  defence the turkish stance of wanting other countries to comply to their demands . 
  erdogan 's rhetoric is for turkey . 
  the dutch have no obligation to let rallies of * another * country to take place in their own country . 
  the turks that are actually liberals are a very very small minority in their country ( to be honest i feel sad for them since they have no options ) . 
  the chp may not be islamist but saying that if they replace the akp things will change is absurd . 
  it was the chp that was in charge of the cyprus invasion anyway . 
  b\u00fclent ecevit was really tough against the surrounding region just as erdogan is . 
  in order for real change to happen in turkey there needs to be a new party built from scratch not associated with figures of the past . 
  the things is even if such a party appears there will be no support for it . 
  the majority of the turks approve the current turkish rhetoric . 
  do n't get fooled by the 20-30 turks in this sub . 
  they are the minority . 
  i am half canadian and have seen the `` american multiculturalism '' first hand . 
  i would argue that canada or singapore are not multicultural . 
  they have a culture . 
  a liberal culture that is not affected much by immigrants because the immigrants who go to canada for instance are usually families who can affort a flight or two . 
  in europe we get uncontrolled immigration waves and we ca n't control who comes in . 
  good luck trying to get in canada without being vetted . 
  when we ca n't control our flows it is hard for us to do it at a speed that favors integration . 
  we get millions of immigrants . 
  canada gets thousands . 
  there is a difference . 
  this is the `` liberal '' and `` pro-european '' kemalist chp . 
  two sides of the same coin . 
  it is sad that there is not a single sane party in turkey . 
  i am a conservative i would never vote for him . 
  i just made the comparison between him and his party . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i just pointed out the fact that this may be a boost for le pen . 
  not that the french will solely vote for this incident . 
  costas simitis was a pretty ok pm compared to the other lunatics in his party . 
   turkish minister : defend european values is this a joke or what ? 
  you ca n't make this stuff up, 
  nsfw : i will just leave [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bhd_2ykbgw ) here . 
  turks shooting down a greek cypriot for trying to take down a turkish flag . 
  the second greek cypriot they killed in a week . 
  greeks voted in the show . 
  it was inspired by bbc 's 100 great britons . 
   the most unreliable channel in greek television oh you are one of those . 
  every single european nation should condemn the actions and rhetoric of the turks . 
  there should be an announcement co-signed by every eu nation state . 
  if scholars ca n't agree on the issue i do n't see how we will . 
  i am not turning this into politics , i am just pointing out an observation . 
  this is why i first said that this is a disrespectful move if not illegal . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  this is a despicable act . 
  there should be some form of retaliation . 
  this is priceless . 
  ca n't stop laughing, 
  illegal ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but disrespectful for sure . 
  wilders will surely use this for his campaign . 
  do the french want to give le pen a boost ? 
  because that is how you give le pen a boost . 
  civilization v, 
  language <  culture we are speaking culture here . 
  yea they took it seriously enough . 
  they still illegally occupy northern cyprus . 
  i think it happens more to enhance the idea that turks live in the eu and that the turkish state will protect them and cares about them . 
  the chp ( the so called liberal opposition ) used a similar tactic to invade in cyprus . 
  `` we have turks there that we have to protect '', 
  as long as there is no kurdistan we need turkey in nato . 
  this is why the us actually is pretty supportive of kurds . 
  the western parts of turkey are completelly useless to the us ( which actually leads nato ) . 
  the eastern parts though are needed for operations in syria and potentially iran . 
  since there is no kurdistan to provide this strategic importance we get turkey . 
  the moment kurdistan becomes a thing turkey will become irrelevant . 
  should we kick them out ? 
  no because we need parts of turkey . 
  what should we do ? 
  keep them in place . 
  block eu talks . 
  bring more nato presence to the aegean so that they will be afraid to act like bullies against greece or cyprus . 
  turkey is a pretty unstable country and there is a possibility of geopolitical shifts within its borders . 
  we should always be on alert . 
  otto was [ voted no . 
  65 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovo9ozxk1r4 ) ( 1:04:50 ) in great greeks back in 2009 even though he was not greek .
