  others were parts of non english political entities ( tx ) . 
   very strong different cultures not really . 
  it 's not like we are trying to federalize venezuela with ireland . 
   eu has 24 official languages the us does n't even have an official language . 
  english is the dominant of course not going to argue with that but there are spanish speaking areas in the south too . 
  and even culturally if you want there are differences between north us and south us . 
  ted cruz got into trouble for saying `` new york values '' comparing them to southernerns . 
   eu is a union that was funded in diplomacy while usa turned in what it is today from a civil war the diplomatic approach has pre-eu history in europe dating of the way back to westphalia . 
  and the us too had pretty strong anti-federalist sentiments back in the day . 
  through diplomacy anti-federalists like madison took part in crafting the us constitution . 
   hard to find a more ambitious project anywhere in the world that has been going on for half a century if you look to the west you will find 50 states operating a pretty functioning federation . 
  a 241 year old federation . 
  i am greek-canadian actually . 
  not only that . 
  i am conservative too . 
  making me a rare breed in greece . 
  if it was an american project it would have been a complete and functioning project since day one . 
   or even whole world this arrogance is what drives euroskeptics crazy . 
  leading to them boosting their numbers of course . 
  identify flaws , fix flaws . 
  that is the way . 
  not becoming blind europhiles, 
  i am pro-eu but we have to recognise there are several problems with the eu that have to be addressed . 
  it is extremelly bureaucratic , it does n't have any geopolitical influence while depending on the anglosaxons for defence , germany due to the economy and population has enormous influence leaving smaller countries at the side ( would germans and frence support the breaking up of their countries into smaller ones or support an electoral college type of system in the name of equality around the table ? 
  do n't think so ) , ca n't compete with the us when it comes to skilled immigrants , it lacked a * direct * federal democratic system thus leading to alienation of the higher political class etc. 
  you get the idea . 
  i think we have a lot to learn from the us federal system . 
  i know many people here like to bash on the us but it is the truth . 
  the eu will have to change in order to survive . 
  this loose confederation is set to fail . 
  and i find this sad . 
  there is a real chance here to create a union that can compete with great powers and have a voice in the international table alongside the us or china . 
  the more we fail to address these flaws the more populists and extremists will gain ground . 
  it is already happening . 
  we know the pattern . 
  the first american . 
  benjamin flanklin showed the way . 
  [ join or die ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/benjamin_franklin_-_join_or_die.jpg ) . 
  we should learn from history . 
   greece says it 's a strong independent black woman who never needed no imf to start with i 'm dying, 
  * europe 2098 * , sch\u00e4uble : greek bailout on the right path , but work remains . 
  seriously it has been the same news since 2010 . 
  every news outlet you pick it 's the same old news `` new bailout talks '' `` merkel supports new plan '' `` far left organizations rioting today '' `` immigrants in lesvos '' `` dijsselbloem said this . 
  people mad '' `` breaking : riots in athens !, 
  anti establishment left wingers burn atm ! '', 
  `` tourism is great '', 
   deep knowledge about communism and deep hatred of communism in every aspect . 
  good, 
  stop watching michael moore, 
  crimea happened because russia felt that the us wo n't do anything . 
  foreign policy is built on power politics . 
  not deals . 
  you blink , you lose . 
  obama showed weakness in syria with his `` red line '' talk and also showed weakness in iran when signing a deal just taking the irani words for it . 
  all talk no action . 
  a few drone strikes here and there but not a real retaliation against the practices of the syrian regime . 
  putin though obama was a weak president and so he took action . 
  sanctions do n't change the fact that crimea is now russian . 
  he won . 
  obama could have prevented this if during his first term demonstrated power . 
   what do you people want ? 
  what do you mean * you * people ? 
  i am always pro intervention . 
  only hippies bitched about american imperialism . 
  the moment the us turns isolationists the world will fall apart . 
  mark my words . 
  the assad regime and their russian allies do n't care about the un investigation . 
  they did the same back in the ghouta chemical attack . 
  they will again deny everything . 
  as i said . 
  can you take their word for it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they are not wrong though . 
  the us is the only global power capable of taking action and we should support them . 
  investigation about what ? 
  assad had used chemical weapons in the past . 
  obama did nothing . 
  assad said never again . 
  you are going to take his word for it ? 
  red lines are red lines and there should be consequences . 
  i am pretty sure that the intelligence services already have classified information justifying such moves . 
   one ca n't deny that the us is mainly responsible for the refugee crisis by backing the syrian rebels it is more complicated than that . 
  the refugee crisis is not only happening because of syria . 
  there are thousands of africans flooding europe too . 
  and besides that how stable would you think a dictatorial regime like the one the assad family enforced would be even without the us ? 
  syria has a pretty relative christian population too . 
  it is not like they are the saudis . 
   why should europe back the us on this background ? 
  as i said earlier . 
  watching your neighbor 's house being on fire and doing nothing will result in your house being on fire soon . 
  there is need for region control . 
  the eu sitting idle and issuing statements while the anglosaxons and french do the dirty job is bad . 
  i was addicted to that channel . 
  great work indeed . 
  obama 's foreign policy was his weakest point by far . 
  under his watch russia annexed crimea , syria lied about the usage of chemical weapons and he gave iran a nuclear deal and just took their word for it . 
  unfortunately when it comes to foreign policy deals come second . 
  power is key . 
  trump showed with this move that his administration is not the people you want to mess with . 
  this was a signal for n. korea too .
