  democrats trying to appeal to republicans and vise versa . 
  take a look at most republican presidents . 
  eisenhower , ford , bush41 etc. 
  most of them are moderates . 
  same goes for the democrats . 
  clinton was a moderate . 
  and even back in time . 
  fdr was not far away ideologically from many republicans of his time like charles evans hughes for instance . 
  you need to look at the bigger picture . 
  trump in not the norm in us politics . 
  he is just a phenomenon of our times but not of the us tradition in general, 
   therefore they tend to implement laws that help all of society and not just a few . 
  so you imply what i accused you of implying . 
  that rightists do n't pass laws that help everyone . 
  and they do that because of ... reasons ? 
   without voltaire , kant or hume we would n't have separation of state and religion , freedom of expression and probably no democracy . 
  this has nothing to do with my question . 
  but since you made the case you should know that people like hume would n't be considered `` left '' . 
  his work was banned in the us for being too `` tory '', 
  the more you study us history the more you understand that the american political system is way more centrist than the european one . 
  the two party system breeds the center . 
  democrats trying to appeal to republicans and vise versa . 
  take a look at most republican presidents . 
  eisenhower , ford , bush41 etc. 
  most of them are moderates . 
  same goes for the democrats . 
  clinton was a moderate . 
  and even back in time . 
  fdr was not far away ideologically from many republicans of his time like charles evans hughes for instance . 
  you could say the same happens in canada too . 
  liberals and conservatives fuel the center . 
  in europe though we have more extreme parties . 
  far right fascists , far left socialists , communists etc. 
  i do n't think these are progressive tendencies . 
  what you consider fringe in the us has seats in european parliaments . 
  now why does this happen ? 
  this needs a book to be answered because the answer goes way back and requires the examination of many events . 
  i find the american political tradition more * moderate * , more * effective * and more * stable * . 
  are you implying that the more educated someone is the more left wing he becomes ? 
  i do n't have any up to date polling numbers but we know what the french voted for in the past . 
  for the maastricht treaty 51 % against the eu constitution 55 %, 
   al-hamamy 's uncle , riyad al - refaai , said : `` i find it incomprehensible that a young man on his way to commit a terrorist act only has a knife with him . 
  if you tell me he had a gun , a rifle , then yes , i 'd believe you , but i do n't know ... all we want is the truth , '' he said . 
   the father of the machete-wielding man who was shot by a guard as he tried to enter paris 's louvre museum said on saturday his son was not an islamist and the french were only accusing him of terrorism to excuse the brutality used to stop him . 
  they are in denial, 
  so new zealand and ireland are the only anglosphere countries not considered an ally ? 
  interesting, 
  `` because of reasons '' is not an argument  under sharia , it 's technically impossible to be autocrat is n't sharia a theocracy ? 
  which is ... religious autocracy ? 
  they are . 
  but it is not the normal state . 
  take the us for instance . 
  they have been a country since 1776 . 
  they never had a dictator . 
  look at canada . 
  look at the uk . 
  even countries that had autocracy ( like spain or germany ) eventually moved towards more liberal institution because of the the specific traditions i am talking about . 
  to make a comparison take a look at russia . 
  a european country with strong autocratic traditions . 
  i do n't understand what exactly is your objection to my claim that decentralization of powers is a western trait, 
  the seven year dictatorship in greece or hitler in germany were just a hiccup of autocracy in a mainly democratic journey feel free to read about the early constitution of greece that was devised under anastasios polyzoidis . 
  radical and democratic even for its time . 
  i am not aware of the history of every single nation in the world and to make such claim would be foolish . 
  i know for sure though that liberal institutions are no foreign institutions to the west . 
  on the other hand non-western cultures have proven to be prone to autocracy, 
  seperation of powers ** is ** western and liberal . 
  aristotle to john calvin to lord acton . 
  this is tradition . 
  some countries may have today seperation of powers but it is not a tradition for them . 
  and tradition matters when it comes to the consensus of the people, 
  i am being specific . 
  i am talking about decentralization of power . 
  which is a product of the western liberal tradition . 
  i am not using the word liberal as we use it when describing progressives, 
  i am using the word liberal in its general sense . 
  classical if you may . 
   german chancellor angela merkel paid a visit to turkey , where president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan lectured her not to use the expression `` islamist terror . ''  he said , as quoted by the website of the turkish presidency : `` the ` islamist terror ' expression gravely saddens us as muslims . 
  such an expression can not be used ; it is not right because islam and terror do n't go side by side . 
  islam literally means peace , it can not be associated with terror . 
  therefore , mentioning it side by side terror saddens adherents of this religion . '', 
  turkey is * not * a western country and it does n't have liberal traditions . 
  things like decentralization of power is a foreign concept to them . 
  throughout their history they were ruled by a sultan , a sultanite president or the army . 
   a turkish national was arrested on wednesday on suspicion of spying , greek authorities announced . 
  cengiz uyugur , 51 , who is chief engineer of a cargo ship named m/v makbule ana under a turkish flag , was arrested while taking photographs of the dockyard in salamis . 
  according to sources , the man was detected by greek navy officers , who in turn informed the coastguard of elefsina . 
  the man was taken into custody where a trial date was set by the court after his photographs were seized . 
  the greek ministry of shippuing and island policy released a statement on the incident , while a portion of the turkish media has covered the news linking it to the recent surge of provocations over the isles of imia between greece and turkey . 
   he [ turkish pm ] said . 
  `` turkey is not behaving in a way that will spoil relations with greece . '', 
   in a related development the turkish foreign ministry objected to greek media reports about an upcoming military exercise on kos , claiming that the greek island is `` demilitarized '' and that such an exercise would be illegal . 
  i first read the title . 
  i said `` good '' . 
  then i read the article ...  while thatcher is responsible for embedding conservative authoritarian values , new labour governments ` reproduced , not challenged ' the political philosophy of previous conservative governments which allowed it to be passed on to a new generation so blair and thatcher are responsible for authoritarian values in britain ? 
  what exactly did i say that makes you think of that ? 
  if they believe the opposite then why do n't they ever escort greek aircrafts out of disputes zones ? 
  it is always the greeks that escort turkish aircrafts out of these zones . 
  that should give you a hint on how the situation really is . 
   i 've been called a nazi not two days ago on here for arguing against starting a civil war in my country this is priceless, 
  let me explain how this works .
