  times changes and things move on . 
  you seem pretty binary . 
  i am the one arguing about cultural fluidity and you call me two-bit . 
  you sound are really confused . 
  let 's see . 
  respected academic , political scientist , advisor and lecturer . 
  wrote one of the most influencial books of all times when it comes to culture . 
  he predicted in the 90s that there would be a backlash against muslims in the years to come . 
  harvard , columbia etc. 
  but yeah you know better . 
  you are calling a fantasy predictions that came true . 
  i will not try and burst the bubble you live in . 
  that is your job to do . 
   our cultural background is still largely traditionalist , religious , authoritarian , ethno-sectarian much like what we consider the arab world . 
  what ? 
  in the arab world they throw gays off roofs . 
  we legalize their marriage . 
  in the arab world they kill you if they find you with drugs . 
  we slowly legalize them . 
  muslims came after mohammed cartoons . 
  in heavily religious greece many people mock and draw jesus every day and nothing happens . 
  if you equalize our culture with the culture of the islamic world then fine go on . 
  but this is something i will definatelly not do . 
  you are pretty much wrong and let me explain . 
  first of all japan is a stand alone culture by it self . 
  japanese ex-pm nakasone described it as the `` monsoon culture '' . 
  also professor huntington made the distinction . 
  he did n't even put japan in the sinic culture where it derives from . 
  japan does n't understand religion the way others do , they are pretty collectivist , their art and customs differ even from korea 's etc. 
   the enlightenment gave us all a new cultural heritage the enlightenment was the rediscovery of ancient western texts . 
  it did n't just appear out of nowhere . 
  and it spread in the west too . 
  one of the reasons russia is not considered western a lot of times it is because they rejected the enlightenment ( even though peter the great westernized the institutions . 
  that also indicates that law ca n't change the people . 
  tanzimat in turkey did n't change shit when it came to the everyday norms ) . 
  if the flag was n't there you would assume these photos were from syria . 
  do n't kid yourself, 
  this is why we are all engaging in the european system . 
  if it was n't for that egypt as well would be considered for the union . 
  morocco too . 
  legistlation ca n't change the people and their tradition . 
  japan for instance has western style government but it is not considered western because of the people 's traditions and customs . 
  again culture is what matter . 
  laws do n't change people . 
  these places changed . 
  canada 's culture is defined by its english/french colonial past . 
  the tribes that where there originally where not culturally strong in order to let their culture survive . 
  they are part of the history but not of the culture . 
  and as i said . 
  culture is what matters . 
  not i do n't mean the religion . 
  there are muslims in european countries like albania . 
  i am talking about culture and culture alone . 
  does n't make them european . 
  geography is not the point . 
  culture is . 
  if you think middle eastern culture is equal with european culture and relevant to europe then i am sorry but i disagree . 
  the brits brought western culture with their colonies to new places . 
  they redefined the lands . 
  even though they were in asia , na etc. 
  middle easterners occupying european lands does n't make them european . 
  in the same manner brits did n't become asians in asia, 
  there is literally a post in europe 's sub about a caliphate that occupies the * arabian * peninshula , egypt etc. 
  and they portait it as relevalt to europe . 
  are you sure no one is saying that ? 
  yea and according to you cultural relativists europe 's geographical boundaries extend all the way to iran and syria . 
  islam <  islamism albanians are europeans . 
  so are bosnias . 
  there inhabit european lands , follow european customs , kastrioti tried to romanize as much as he could the albanians . 
  he even fought turks . 
  and no `` get over it '' it not something i am willing to do . 
  i strongly believe in cultural boundaries . 
  if you want to equalize middle eastern culture with european culture you are free to do so . 
  yea i am just stating my opinion . 
  i am free to disagree ... for now, 
  how come ? 
  europe is a continent defined by culture not geography . 
  in a eurasian context we are in the same continent . 
  if you think culturally an semi-autocratic , islamist lite country is european then fine . 
  but that is not what i think so . 
  guess who is not a cultural relativist and has actually seen a map in his life . 
  well an infowars guy is promoting these videos ( hell , he even paid for the trip ) . 
  you are overstreching this `` actually '' . 
   you are arguing against a straw man what ? 
  no need to be defensive . 
  i am just saying that pjw keeps track of these videos . 
  as i said i do n't know about what tim said on swedish tv as you said . 
  where is the argument ? 
  i am not even arguing against anything . 
  yeah because it is a fact that pjw keeps covering them . 
  i do n't know about infowars as a platform but infowar 's pjw keeps track, 
  where did i say anything about trust ? 
  i am just saying that he covers tim 's work . 
  and that tim 's work seems fine to me . 
  well i do n't know about that . 
  what i know is that pjw keeps covering these videos . 
  he is pretty active on twitter . 
  if you have the patience to look through all of his posts feel free to do so . 
  actually paul from infowars keeps covering it via twitter . 
  i do n't know where you pulled that out from .
