  this is like calling the xinhai revolution the chinese war of independence . 
  i do n't think you have a good understanding of us politics . 
  around 40 % of american indentify as independent caugh somewhere between the gop and the dems . 
  also historically both parties have elected moderate candidates . 
  do you think wilson was that much different from charles evans hughes ? 
  do you think nixon reversed all the work of the previous party ? 
  do you think trump will throw the aca in the garbage bin ? 
  nope . 
  despite pre election rhetoric us politics are pretty moderate compared to our raging parliamentary system . 
  in greece we had the same situation . 
  but judging by the results of the end of the two party system i must say that the two party system served greece better . 
  what you say about the center is true . 
  hardcore leftists or rightists will be left out but in my opinion we should n't encourage extremist views . 
  if their positions somehow become relevant there will be a shift in one of the big parties in order to absorb it and so the parties evolve . 
  take a look at the gop in the us . 
  it has been centrist ( eisenhower , nixon ) , conservative ( reagan , bush ) and now nationalist ( trump ) . 
  the dems too . 
  they have been free market liberals ( cleveland ) , social liberals ( fdr ) , liberal conservative ( jfk ) , centrists ( clinton ) etc. 
  the parties evolve . 
  their positions are not set in stone . 
   the polder model has been described as `` a pragmatic recognition of pluriformity '' and `` cooperation despite differences '' that can happen inside a big tent party though . 
  and in that way a more stable government is in place . 
  in politics there will always be compromise . 
  i think it is better if that happens between the members of a big party instead of many small ones . 
  in greece back in 2014 we held unnecessary elections because a small party did n't support the presidential proposition . 
  the us system has a great hierarchy and prevents unstable situations . 
  to be honest i find the us system more stable and consistent . 
  plus the two parties breed a center between them . 
  in a multi party system everyone pulls to his respective direction thus creating chaos . 
  turkish war of independence = turks renaming their state, 
  i will try and answer your first three points first . 
  one of the reasons i believe the eu is weak it is because it relies on such treaties and policies instead of relying on actual dominance . 
  the american rely on power dominance , the russians too . 
  the chinese in their region too . 
  we ca n't be the exception and expect results . 
  as far as the new us administration i do n't buy into the excessive trumpophobia . 
  i am not pro-trump do n't get me wrong but his cabinet picks as far as foreign policy and defence goes are exceptionally good . 
  gen. mattis has a pretty concrete plan towards the middle east . 
  we should n't wait for the next administration . 
  this one is just as fine as the previous one . 
  a president alone ca n't rule in a kingly manner over the country . 
  there are checks and balances . 
  now on to your last paragraph which is the most important one i believe . 
  you say `` it gets told so many times , that people actually think it is true . '', 
  that is correct . 
  but we should always remember that his is a democracy . 
  even they who fall for that vote . 
  and a politician oughts to understand that . 
  is it machiavellian ? 
  sure . 
  but there needs to be a way to show to these people that politicians listen to them and take action also . 
  i am very much pro helping the americans in the middle east in order to end with all this flow of immigrants once and for all but then again you will call me an imperialist . 
  you my friend have reached new levels of laziness . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yrfdk/the_man_who_wants_to_unmake_the_west_europeans/desgryp/?context=3 ) and again . 
  you somehow seem to think that i am anti-eu . 
  you probably did n't even read the original comment . 
  i , as a * pro-eu * guy , said something that i believe is pretty reasonable . 
  if the extremes keep on gaining ground it is time for us to do some self reflection instead of looking for scapegoats . 
  why do people throw their support behind them ? 
  is it something that we are missing ? 
  where did i blame the eu ? 
  i am generally talking about our pro-eu camp . 
  your extreme europhilia and failure to see flaws where there are wo n't do any good the eu in the long run . 
  that is true but this is a democracy . 
  everyone votes regardless of their level of understanding things and a politician oughts to understand that . 
  i am not saying that they are not a factor . 
  nowhere in my comment i said anything black and white . 
  i am just looking for some self reflection on our ( pro-eu ) part . 
  i think you would agree that it is perfectly reasonable to do that . 
  if the extremists keep on gaining ground we must reflect on that and ask some questions to ourselves . 
  this is why i am pro-eu but for a decentralized eu not a centralized beraucracy . 
  there is a role in my mind for a future federal government but there is also a role for the states of such federation . 
   i do n't think that i possibly can know what `` europeans '' think . 
  i personally think that the deals with our neighbours are part of the solution . 
  the results are visible . 
  i argued in another reply here that such deals do n't solve the problem . 
  short term solutions are not final . 
  we should be active together with our american allies in the middle east . 
  it is our geographical region that affects us and it is up to us to address its issues or else we will be forever pushovers . 
  russia on the east , us on the west . 
   you claim that this issue gets ignored . 
  now you back down on it and shift the discussion to the question wheter these policies can help rape victims . 
  i did n't use the rape victim thing in order to back down from your original point . 
  on the contrary my point was that politicians should be able to address these people that feel out of reach . 
  not ignore them . 
   you ca n't take one place in athens and then base eu-wide policies on that experience . 
  that is what i said earlier to another guy . 
  i absolutelly agree with this . 
  but politics is action . 
  doing something in order to prevent crime is action . 
  not doing something because you were not robbed in inaction . 
  as far as the law and order argument it is another disqustion and you know it can take hours and hours of debating . 
  so i will adress why i do support more law and order if that is ok with you . 
   i am not ignoring them . 
  i simply do n't see the benefit in reasoning with them . 
  not with them but with the people that buy into their rhetoric . 
  we have to win them over and to do that we have to understand that they may experience problems that other may not . 
  this is why trump won . 
  hillary ignored the rust belt . 
  they though it was a democratic stronghold .
