  not really . 
  he can just say he is a hunter and buy a hunting rifle just like many many other citizens do . 
  as i said to another guy here . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  idiots will stab their wives when arguing . 
  idiots will avenge and kill ex girlfriends . 
  idiots will throw acid at other people . 
  idiots will run you over with a car . 
  idiots will kidnap your child . 
  a law wo n't stop an idiot from being an idiot . 
  police wo n't be there when the idiot grabs the knife and stabs his wife . 
  police ca n't be there . 
  a gun though as an equalizer would help the physically weaker woman . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  idiots will stab their wives when arguing . 
  idiots will avenge and kill ex girlfriends . 
  idiots will throw acid at other people . 
  idiots will run you over with a car . 
  idiots will kidnap your child . 
  a law wo n't stop an idiot from being an idiot . 
  even if your dog attacked an invader you would be in trouble in greece . 
  shooting an invader would totally ruin your life . 
  even if the invader was a maniac . 
  i knew an old lady that is no longer in life . 
  she was invaded by immigrants at night . 
  they tied her on a chair and used the iron ( that she used to iron her shirts ) to slowly burn/interrogate her about her money . 
  she did n't even have more than 100 euros in her home . 
  the invader did n't believe her . 
  i think you understand the rest of the story ...  it would be foolish to commit crimes with legally acquired guns , because it is easily traceable back to the shooter . 
  exactly . 
  not to mention that by creating a legal market for guns you outcompete the black market . 
  not only you tax the generated revenue but you can easier track gun owners . 
  outlawing guns would only make things worst . 
  guns in circulation is not the problem because when it comes to gun laws we usually adress crimes . 
  would you mind your law abiding neighbor that is also a hunter having a gun ? 
  there are many similar instances . 
  the problem is crime . 
  and the thing is criminals do n't care about laws . 
   but does n't let any idiot walk about with a gun . 
  an idiot who wants to walk around with a gun will do so . 
  law wo n't stop him . 
  do weed laws stop people from owning , buying , selling , using weed wherever they want ? 
  current gun laws in europe make no sense . 
  in greece you are free to buy a hunting rifle but you ca n't buy a gun for your home . 
  which is absurd because people buy hunting rifles for their homes . 
  gun laws do n't help civilians . 
  a criminal does n't care if a gun is banned or not . 
  the black market provides him with everything he wants be it legal or illegal . 
  gun laws only keep guns out of the hands of law abiding citizens . 
  gun crime will always be a thing . 
  even in europe were laws are strict enough there still is gun violence and mass shootings . 
  here are some examples : [ jabukovac killings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jabukovac_killings ) [ uhersk\u00fd brod shooting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uhersk%c3%bd_brod_shooting ) [ 2011 li\u00e8ge attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_li%c3%a8ge_attack ) ( 125 injured people . 
  grenades were used ) we could go on . 
  there should be sensible regulations but gun ownership should be available to the broader public too . 
  especially in areas were the police is not present . 
  many farmers buy vicious dogs or guns to protect their properties from thieves because they live far away from urban areas and they need to protect themselves . 
  i know of a guy whose farm was looted many times and he could n't do nothing because the police could n't be there on time . 
  not to mention instances were pensioners are being beat up and robbed in their own houses in rural areas . 
  it is sad . 
  gun crime goes down as people get more educated about the issue . 
  there is a massive gun violence decline since the 90s even in the us . 
  there is no need to buy into the antigun hysteria of certain people . 
  in my opinion taxes should always be simple and low . 
  the state should take as money as it needs in order to function and provide basic services like national defence , courts etc. 
  taxes usually affect the poor not the rich . 
  instead of the state strangling the middle class with taxes in order to provide welfare it should stay out of the people 's pockets and let people spend their own money themselves . 
  low taxes are also payable . 
  after some point taxes are damaging . 
  lower to middle of the road taxes usually generate more revenue than higher taxes . 
  absurd tax laws here in greece have made tax evasion a national sport . 
  sure . 
  as i said to another guy civil libertarianism is not strictly defined . 
  the nba is quite popular in greece . 
  pretty popular i must say . 
  even before antetokounmpo basketball in general was pretty big . 
  the nfl gains some support every superbowl but still not some much . 
  i personally love it though . 
  the nhl is fun too . 
  i grew up with nhl stuff . 
  like to watch it from time to time . 
  mlb . 
  i know people who like though . 
  you can strictly define civil libertarianism . 
  yes franch has very strong feeling towards what they call `` laicite '' but that is not all that defines culture in general . 
  they both a love for republicanism , the ideas of personal liberty etc. 
  and that dates back to the days of their revolutions . 
  i said * civil * libertarian . 
  not libertarian in general . 
  both republics were build on such ideas . 
  benjamin franklin as an ambassador played an important role in this exchange of ideas . 
  uk and ireland of course . 
  they are part of the anglosphere after all . 
  as far as the civil libertarian culture goes i would add france too . 
  the us and france enjoy a pretty good relationship too . 
  there is irrational anti-americanism going on . 
  it saddens me . 
  we have a lot to learn from the great american experiment as alexis de tocqueville put it . 
  i love studying american literature , history etc. 
  looking foward to visiting the us . 
  i lot of beautiful places to admire .
