  a politician can get away with saying `` gulags where just * voluntary * social programs for the unemployed '' ( ... yeap that was said on tv ) and because of such rhetoric we are the only european countryy that has a gue/ngl party in power . 
  that means high taxes , populist rhetoric , absence of law and order etc. 
  and because the right needs to win these votes they adopt some of these crazy positions . 
  when mart laar was lowering taxes in ( b ) estonia we were busy lying to the eu about our financial info . 
  and this is why every single business that used to operate in northern greece has moved to bulgaria . 
  greece is making bulgaria great again, 
  yeah that 's not how it works ... 
  this is supreme nonsense . 
  europe is irrelevant and it is walking torwards extreme unimportance . 
  the world is run by the usa , china and russia . 
  our voice does n't even count when it comes to world affairs . 
  we do n't even play an active role in solving the syrian problem and it is a problem of our immediate interest geographically speaking . 
  during the turbulant past years in north africa again the usa was the only power involved . 
  when america sneezes the world catches a cold . 
  when europe sneezes it asks for american help . 
  the comments are really biased here . 
  have in mind that this subreddit is heavily left leaning . 
  a lot of hate for conservatives and classical liberals/libertarians . 
  macron is right wing enough when it comes to the economy . 
  the rise of both fillon and macron as an alternative to the social democrats indicates that the french people want to try for a change . 
  you are right about le pen 's left leaning plan . 
  i think overall this is going to be an interesting election, 
  i get a lot of hate for this in this subreddit but i think fillon is a better choice . 
  the economic part of macron can also be implemented by fillon . 
  but i think macron lacks those characteristics that are needed in order to address the issues of the rising far right . 
  there will be an even bigger backlash from the far right if issues such immigration , radical islam etc. 
  will not be addressed, 
  pro social liberalism coupled with free markets and sensible fiscal conservatism . 
  your everyday centrist liberal . 
  not social democrat , not conservative, 
   igor stravinsky : in my not so humble opinion he is the greatest composer since bach . 
  amen brother . 
  stravinsky is criminally underrated, 
  i found out about this a year or two ago . 
  seems nice to try and promote libertarian ideas in europe . 
  i feel like it is something that the anglosphere has and that mainland europe needs . 
  it can also work as an intermediate between serbia and croatia on that particular disputed land since it is small enough to not be something that threatens the national defence of either country . 
  so yea , thumbs up for liberland and libertarianism . 
  hate me all you want but you ca n't change a nation from top to bottom . 
  the turks never ceased to be ottomans . 
  politicians can pass as many tanzimat as they want but change has to happen bottom up in order to completelly change a nation . 
  turkey is still an islamic country . 
  culturally speaking turkey is far away from europe . 
  secularism seems to be losing ground and erdogan ( anti-kemalist ) has enormous support from the public . 
   what country in europe do you think is the best for retirement ? 
  [ according to investopedia ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/retirement/best-countries-to-retire/ ) spain and malta are good european countries for you to retire to . 
  generally if you already have a decent portofolio southern europe is excellent . 
  the people are welcoming , everyday life is cheap , the weather is supreme and have in mind that you can always travel within europe really cheap . 
   where would you retire if you had the choice ? 
  why ? 
  i would personally retire in the us . 
  i just find it better there . 
  since you want to retire in europe i will have to pass on this question . 
   what is it like to retire in your country ? 
  in greece pensioners do n't have it really that good because our system is really centralized . 
  when you have such an excessive welfare state and the state collapses people have it bad . 
  but a lot of people who do n't depend on the state and have private funds find it a nice place to retire to . 
  again according to investopedia there are many [ good reason to retire in greece ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/120815/can-you-retire-greece-200000-savings.asp ) . 
  i would still recommend spain or malta though . 
   directly vote for european parties , instead of voting through the national party this has been bothering me a lot . 
  i vote conservative . 
  my national conservative party is on a natinal level pro decentralization in general but i find the epp to be really close to social democrats when it comes to the economy . 
  so i wanted to vote for alde which is closer to my libertarian and reformist beliefs but i could n't because there was no real alde representative in greece . 
  i agree that in eu must work towards a federation but this federation should be decentralized and have utility like the us federal system . 
  a centralized bureaucracy is as bad as it sounds . 
  there are positions in the public sector that require you degree to be recognised by the state . 
  i think the same is true for for post graduate programmes in the greek universities . 
  i am not completely sure about this though . 
  in reality the private sector or any business does n't really care about it but when it comes to official recognition by the state for various position it matters . 
  for instance there have been cases of young lawyer unable to enroll into their respective association because of their three year program studies etc. 
  well i guess you are talking about colleges . 
  they are not universities but they are collaborating with foreign universities in order to provide pre and post graduate programmes . 
  they alone are underprivileged compared to the public ones . 
  that is the sad state of the greek university level education . 
  [ education at university level shall be provided exclusively by institutions which are fully self-governed public law legal persons ] ( http://www.hri.org/docs/syntagma/artcl25.html#a16 ) sadly true, 
  i think bulgaria should be `` place where students go '' instead of `` meh '' in greece private universities are not allowed by law so a lot of students who finish high school travel to bulgaria ( since it 's our most legit neighbour ) and study at their universities richer kids go to the uk but bulgaria still absorbs a lot of students, 
   in white awoke athens and the entire prefecture of attica on tuesday morning , the snow has fallen in almost all areas of the capital and the country . 
   the heavy snowfall that began on monday afternoon has not caused major problems in the main roads of attica , although caution should be exercised by drivers and pedestrians straits . 
  since europe is not a continent defined by land but by culture , the muslim majority plays a big role in keeping turkey not european . 
  eastern russia for instance is european . 
  it does n't matter that it is not part of the eu or that russia extends to the far east . 
  its cultural . 
  if it came down to just geography we would all be in the eurasian family . 
  saying that turkey is european because of kirklareli or edirne is like saying spain is african because of melilla or ceuta, 
  i am prettty sure if fillon gets elected he wo n't impose a theocracy neither will gay people stop getting married . 
  people will elect him to reduce immigration , reduce public spending and abolish the wealth tax and the 35 hour work week, 
  he is a normal conservative . 
  free markets , cultural preservation and national defence . 
  in countries like australia , canada , usa etc. 
  these are pretty reasonable positions to take . 
  i think france can try this more anglosaxon way of right wing . 
  i think fillon is a better choice . 
  i do n't understand why he gets so much hate in this subredddit . 
   police in austria are hunting for at least six men accused of `` unprecedented '' sexual assaults on new year 's eve in the city of innsbruck . 
  the men , described as asian or north african , surrounded 18 women watching a firework display , kissing and groping them , police said . 
  better to emphasize on [ this ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/sites/default/files/2015_human_development_report.pdf ) and [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index ) greece ranks higher than other non balkan european countries like poland or portugal and slightly lower italy or spain . 
  just a reminder : greece avoided being a part of the eastern bloc . 
  like i said in another comment you too missed the vmro-dpmne part of my original comment . 
   if the region gets destabilised by the greeks getting their panties in a twist over the name of a nation then that 's entirely on greece . 
  you do n't seem to have not even the slightest understanding of balkan politics .
