   there are n't hundred of thousands of turks in macedonia . 
  there were at the time that these bulgarians were there too . 
   things changed after the region was invaded by slavs . 
  this is why their identity and history is slavic and not macedonian . 
  it would make sense to use a name related to that history . 
   there is a slavic macedonian one . 
  there is a slavic something other than macedonian nation . 
  them using that name is funny the least . 
  just because they call themselves that it does n't mean we should accept it . 
  de gaulle did n't even let britain join the eu with the name great britain because of french britannia . 
  an event that is brought up everytime fms meet to argue about the macedonian dispute . 
   why do n't you go to tell them that they 're ` half bulgarians ' i did n't say they are half bulgarians . 
  i said the country consists of a population half bulgarian . 
  which is what ** they call ** * ethnic * macedonian . 
  use the name they use and you just won them the dispute . 
   the term ` macedonian ' is a geographical term no . 
  and yes . 
  but mainly no . 
  the ancient macedonia they claim though is not geographical . 
  it is an ancient greek tribe . 
  just like many others . 
  in conteporary years the name stuck with the area . 
  so different people living there identify with both their nation and the area . 
  macedonia back in beginning of the 20th century was home to greeks , jews , bulgarians , turks etc. 
  all of them kept their name despite living in that area . 
  these slavs you talk about are bulgarians . 
  would you say that the jews that lived there are part of a macedonian nation too ? 
  would you say that about the turks too ? 
  the macedons were an ancient greek tribe and has nothing to do with the history of bulgarians . 
  there is no macedonian nation . 
  that country at the left of bulgaria is half bulgarians and a lot of albanians . 
  not an independent nation . 
  an independent state . 
  the greek nation did not have political unity at the time . 
  which basically means that despite the scattered greek people there is a unified nation because of `` the same blood , the same religion , the same language and the same practices '', 
  it might sound crazy but here it is . 
  a group of bulgarians are having an identity crisis and they somehow came to believe that they are heirs of an ancient tribe of a completely different religion , language and history . 
  i know it sounds crazy ... 
  they build statues of the ancient tribe 's leaders too . 
  i might have missed this . 
  i am currently working on uncovering the other great truth about joan of arc being japanese . 
  it is part of the joke . 
  you can never be too careful also . 
  you can expect anything from people who believe that slavs did live in the area back then and that the macedonians were not a greek tribe just like the elimiotes or the spartans/lacedaemonians or the arcadians . 
  aleksandar `` sasho '' the great slav , liberator of native americans 1939-1971 ce ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i view estonia as kinda finnish tbh, 
  ( once more , as years and time go by , once more they shall be ours ) italy : `` una faccia , una razza '' denmark after 2017 : sunscreen commercial, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i have always said that a federalist conservative party modelled after the canadian and american conservative parties ( conservative and gop ) would be both strong and beneficial for the continent . 
  you can hardly call the epp a conservative party . 
  i as both a federalist and a conservative feel unrepresented at the eu level . 
   hitler 's politics leaned to the right . 
  the only right wing about hitler 's policies was the hierarchical structure of the time * and * have in mind that this was mainly due to the war where even the soviets and fdr imposed a strong top down approach to many things . 
   he had no problems making deals with big corperations in practice socialists tend to have strong connections with big corporations and disdain for small businesses . 
  from big business bailouts , chinese style corporatism etc. 
  a rightists would approach this with a `` creative destruction '' mindset letting big corporations take care of themselves . 
   in hitler 's vision the state had the power , or maybe the aryans , the people did not have the power ( that would be socialism ) the right argues for less state . 
  another point that makes hitler less of a rightist . 
  also `` the people having the power equals socialism '' is nice and all in theory but in practice that is general talk we do n't have * emperical evidence * that establishes socialism that way . 
   he belived in hierarchical structure . 
  everyone had his place . 
  socialism is based on class struggle . 
  in reality socialism via civil wars ( class warfare ) creates hierarchy due to the nature of the constant newborn orders . 
  we are talking about reality here , not theory . 
  there is hierarchy even in socialism . 
   everyone should accept his place and work together for the good of his country . 
  some thing in the soviet union  socialism and nationalism are opposites . 
  socialism and nationalism address different issues so they do n't actually interact with one another . 
  a classic example is that of nationalist ( or patriotic as they like to call it ) socialism . 
  south american style . 
  they can co exist and not according to the nature of things at the time  calling the end result socialism reveals a servere lack of education . 
  you ca n't describe the end result of the third reich because the whole nazi order was tested only during wartime . 
  according to your logic we should judge fdr move to imprison japanese american citizens and call that a trait of american liberalism . 
  you can thank our beloved pm tsipras and his tax increases and socialist plans . 
  thanks to him every single small business that can relocate has moved its hqs to bulgaria . 
  there is a joke going around here that says `` tsipras is the greatest bulgarian leader of all time . '', 
  your 10 % corporate tax is really attractive for start ups and small businesses, 
  he was definitely a socialist . 
  you should read goebbels diary and various of his pamphlets . 
  you should also read hitler 's famous speech `` why we are anti-semites '' . 
  they praised socialism untill the end . 
  they detested capitalism . 
  * here are various hitler quotes : * - `` capitalism as a whole will now be destroyed , the whole people will now be free . 
  we are not fighting jewish or christian capitalism , we are fighting every capitalism : we are making the people completely free . '', 
  - `` it is already war history how the german armies defeated the legions of capitalism and plutocracy . 
  after forty-five days this campaign in the west was equally and emphatically terminated . '', 
  - `` what marxism , leninism and stalinism failed to accomplish , we shall be in a position to achieve '' - `` socialism as the final concept of duty , the ethical duty of work , not just for oneself but also for one 's fellow man 's sake , and above all the principle : common good before own good , a struggle against all parasitism and especially against easy and unearned incom '' * here are some goebbels quotes : * - `` to be a socialist is to submit the i to the thou ; socialism is sacrificing the individual to the whole . '', 
  - `` england is a capitalist democracy . 
  germany is a socialist people 's state . '', 
  - `` if germany stays united and marches to the rhythm of its revolutionary socialist outlook , it will be unbeatable . '', 
  now that the head of the labour party is a looney left wing extremist it is time for the lib dems to gain ground . 
  you can name the us ones too . 
  except if you count gang drive by shootings and similar events . 
  and these events have more to do with culture rather than guns . 
  the point is that the law does n't prevent people from getting their hands on guns . 
  be it legal or illegal . 
  `` liberty consists in the division of power . 
  absolutism in concentration of power '' - lord acton the turks , sooner or later , will understand that they made a great mistake . 
  according to eu logic if we ban crime then it will cease to exist . 
  these firearm directives make no sense .
