  let 's leave aside the fact that people in the uk work for high wages . 
  let 's focus on the damage that will cause to small and medium sized businesses . 
  a business has 10 euros for wages . 
  it employs 3 workers that earn 3 euros each . 
  corbyn raises that to a mandatory 4 euros . 
  total expenses for 3 workers now is 12 . 
  the company has 10 as we said . 
  one worker loses his job . 
  there are many more examples . 
  i would n't even trust corbyn to run a lemonade stand . 
  the economic system of every functioning state on the planet is a mixed capitalist economy . 
  free market capitalism , some social programs , private ownership , ease of doing business etc. 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0d1ray5nz8 ) is a small piece about germany 's free market story . 
   socialist democracies of germany and scandinavia . 
  what ? 
  germany and scandinavia are far from socialist . 
  scandinavian countries do n't even have a minimum wage . 
  germany 's system is based on ludwig erhard 's post war reforms and what we call ordoliberalism . 
  scandinavian countries are extremely free market economies that score very high on economic freedom lists . 
  the pm of denmark called out bernie sander 's for calling denmark a socialist country saying that it is false and that denmark is a free market economy . 
  welfare does n't mean socialism . 
  and welfare ca n't be funded without capitalism . 
  after corbyn took over labour there has been a [ socialist infiltration ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/10/tom-watson-sends-corbyn-proof-of-trotskyist-labour-infiltration ) of the party . 
  let 's not forget about [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/15/jeremy-corbyn-called-for-complete-rehabilitation-of-leon-trotsky/ ) too . 
  liberals need to take over the labour party or rebuild the libdems and make them a relevant force and not just a kingmaker party . 
  the corbynites and other socialists in labour has turned the party into the laughing stock of the british parliament . 
  ( clears throat ) it 's just keldore under your bed in your closet , in your head, 
  i find the dept talk misleading . 
  reforms are way more important than dept. 
  even if we let 's say forgive part of the dept , there will still be problem because the real problem lies in the greek state . 
  it strangles the economy with crazy regulations and political instability . 
  the institutions have to change first in order for the economy to do better . 
  today a businessman pays 70 cents out of every euro he makes to the state . 
  this is unsustainable and immoral . 
  a cdu/fdp coalition would be the best outcome . 
  now that social democracy is thankfully losing ground it is time for liberals to step up their game . 
  i believe you are wrong . 
  anomie means no laws . 
  no rule of law means there are laws but are these laws are subject to higher authority . 
  in a rule of law situation the constitution is king . 
  these anarchists do n't believe in the rule of law . 
  the believe in communal decision making and mob rule . 
   if someone is depressive and wants to kill themselves , would you sell them poison or help them jump off a bridge ? 
  it is not really my job to get involved in his life . 
  i would argue that suicide is stupid and affects other people too . 
  ca n't do much more . 
  why would i give him poison or tell him to jump off a bridge ? 
  for some reason you give me options that would assist him in his suicidal efforts . 
   if someone needs 7 years to stop , but does not manage to , then that means their freedom is restricted . 
  choices has consequences and people should be able to understand these consequences . 
  their parents wo n't be there to parent them for life . 
  them restricting their freedoms by such choices is a choice they have . 
  we are not here to babysit everyone . 
   but it is good to make it less appealing for , and to get it out of reach from , children . 
  you do n't understand that such regulations do n't change the attitude against or for a product . 
  it mainly affects prices and the market . 
  a person who wants to smoke will do it . 
  forget about the advertising . 
  you just punish him by taking more money away from him because he simply smokes . 
  same goes for your children argument . 
  i do n't know you neither do i know how old are you but were i grew up even 15 year olds had extremelly easy access to weed . 
  a banned product with is surrounded by systematic badmouthing . 
  they wanted to do it . 
  they did it regardless the product 's status . 
   if people were fully aware of what their first cigarettes are likely to imply the vast majority would not start . 
  are you aware of the people that smoke because they want to even though they understand the drawbacks ? 
  the are smoker that * want * to smoke . 
   cigarettes have the tendency to drastically take away human freedom [ what ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/8td4d )  the highest value in liberalism is not choice , but human life . 
  nope . 
  one 's life should be determined only by himself . 
  i do n't even care if one wants to smoke or drink himself to death . 
  his life , his choice . 
  you do n't have the moral highground to point to certain ways of life and call these alone right . 
  the anglosphere still stands strong compared to mainland europe . 
  i am half canadian myself and a lot of my libertarian influences come from north america . 
  sadly for some absurd reason other europeans are afraid of such things . 
   `` quitting weed '' is primarily about a choice similarly to quitting wine . 
  quitting tobacco is a choice too . 
  you either do it or not . 
  i know it can be hard for some people but in the end it still remains a choice . 
   your romantic story about consumer choice does not make sense consumer choice is a romantic story now ? 
  wow, 
  classical liberalism is sadly rare in europe . 
   of course you have a black-and-white mentality . 
  saying a sentence like making it hard for people to enjoy their product of choice is no better than banning it is pretty much a textbook example of a black-and-white mentality . 
  me having a black and white mentality would be me adopting an anarchist position of me wanting the state completely out of our everyday lives as consumers or producers . 
  i did n't say that . 
  black and white means `` it is either this or that '' . 
  and as i said i did n't say anything close to this . 
  i am talking about a specific issue . 
  smoking . 
  or if you want broader drug usage in general . 
   noone ever who has made an effort to introduce policies to reduce smoking did this with the intention to punish smokers . 
  intentions do n't matter . 
  policy matters . 
  forcing companies to not be able to sell half packs make it more expensive for the consumer . 
  how is making a product more expensive not punishing the consumer ? 
  i am not a smoker myself . 
  i find it pointless to be honest .
