  why did n't you say `` a brit from infowars '' ? 
  you said american and mentioned breitbard without even validating . 
  just to be dismissive . 
  you said breitbard because want to be dismissive of the case . 
  breitbard is not even involved in all this . 
  paul joseph watson ( an english guy , not american , from infowars * not * breitbart ) offered journalists to investigate sweden because the msm seem to cover the situation up according to a lot of people . 
  tim picked up the offer . 
  i see a lot of people ( people you ca n't ackowledge that fact that there is a problem in sweden ) that are really dismissive . 
  why do n't you guys give these videos a chance ? 
  the guy literally went there to highlight parts of sweden that became a controversial issue during the last days . 
  the videos seem pretty unbiased and neutral . 
  for once just acknowledge that there seems to be a problem that many people complain about and it needs to be highlighted . 
  some of you even lied about him trying to discredit him . 
  you said that he works for breitbard or infowars when we all know that he does n't . 
  take a look at his bio . 
  he is a young man trying to do his job . 
  he was offered to investigate and he took the offer . 
  simple as that . 
  actually he has nothing to do with breitbart or infowars . 
  he has worked for vice and his reports many times were carried by nbc , reuters or time . 
  he has also won more than a couple awards and was nominated for time 's 100 . 
  he was paid by paul joseph watson of infowars to investigate sweden . 
  pjw offered various journalists to go and tim picked up the offer . 
  finland and greece approve, 
   according to sources , the us recently asked ankara to tone down its aggressive stance in the aegean . 
  it is not known how ankara has taken the american initiative , but it is clear that washington fears a possible incident in the aegean between the two nato allies , which could destabilize the alliance 's southeast wing . 
   mhp party devlet bahceli speaking of greek islands that remained `` under occupation . ''  bahceli is an ally of recep tayyip erdogan and supports the bid by the turkish president to expand his executive powers in the referendum that will take place in turkey on april 16 . 
  citing what he described as international law , bahceli called for the `` unconditional end to the occupation of the islands , '' referring to a string of islands and islets in the eastern aegean . 
   `` if [ the greeks ] want to fall back into the sea [ referring to how the greek army was pushed out of asia minor ] and if they are up to it , they are welcome to do it . 
  the turkish army is ready , '' he said . 
   the mhp leader also said the divided island of cyprus is turkish . 
  is this the journalist paul joseph watson pay to investigate malmo ? 
  nice, 
  i am sorry to break it to you but you do n't have sufficient knowledge on historical events and what they actually are . 
  first of all let me start by your last point . 
  liberalism and imperialism went ( and to some degree still go ) hand in hand . 
  you probably have n't heard about lord rosebery . 
  now on to orders . 
  the world order is constantly changing it is not set in stone . 
  the americans tried to establish a stable order via the league of nations , later the un . 
  again a liberal tradition . 
  wilsionianism if you have ever heard . 
   we lost hegomony in 1700 's when english smashed our fleets in india with portugal you should read henry kissinger 's world order . 
  the european system could n't care less as they struggled to establish a continental order far more important than the ottoman empire . 
  you also used the word hegemony . 
  that means you are in charge . 
  in charge of the muslim world ? 
  maybe . 
  the ottoman empire was huge with influence in northern africa and the arabian peninsula . 
  in charge of the western world ? 
  while you were to busy from preventing catastrophy ( which followed - sick man of europe ) the western world was busy establishing colonies and trade routes . 
  listen man ... 
  i am more than happy to refer you to books and sources so you can study and have a better understanding . 
  there is no need for you to overstrech facts in order to justify a legend . 
   you smash the other guy 's hegomony and take it by force . 
  and this is why you are not western my friend . 
  the western order is based on liberal internationalism not law of the jungle . 
   romans were conquerors , so were we the mongols were conquerors too . 
  what 's your point ? 
  smh  british got the torch after us , nobody is disputing that . 
  you passed the western torch to the english ?!, 
  oh my , this keeps getting better . 
  screw the westphalian system in europe eh ? 
  oh and that invasion in vienna was to spread western values ? 
  who would have though ... 
  the only way the ottoman hordes made any contribution to the west was simply by sending refugee greek and other byzantine scholars westward after the siege in constantinople thus contributing to ancient greek texts being spread all over western europe, 
  so one tenth of your country wants to implement theocracy and you guys are saying that our countries are the same ? 
  cmon ... our craziest one tenth would probably advocate for extreme socialism but definatelly not an old text as law . 
  i hope this is not serious . 
  the society in greece is way more liberal and open compared to the its turkish counterpart . 
  turkish society is very patriarchal and top-to-bottom . 
  the greek political enviroment and rhetoric ( which in a democracy is the mirror of the electorate ) does n't involve denial of international agreement etc. 
  you whine about the akp all day in reddit but as you type here the akp has enormous support in turkey . 
  there is not such a party in greece that has actual power . 
  you should also check opinion polling regarding sharia law in turkey and how muslims in turkey want that text to be law of the land . 
  what does all these declarations have to do with a tradition ? 
  first of all you did n't even define which sultan you are talking about as far as the patriarch and the grandmother thing . 
  and even if his grandmother was byzantine that still does n't say anything because in the end a civilization is more than birthplace . 
  the biggest example is the english subjects turned american patriots . 
  to be an actual successor to the roman tradition you need to follow the actual tradition and bear the respective civilization 's traits . 
  one would say that the romans ceased to be and that the western torch was passed to the british empire and then the usa . 
   afterall we are successors to the romans . 
  sometimes turkish delusions really amaze me . 
  i mean really really amaze me . 
  this is incredible . 
  the fact that the sultans * though * themselves as ceasars does n't mean they were successors to the romans . 
  russian czar * though * the same too ( hence the name czar ) . 
  that does n't say anything . 
  the west is a civilization not a deal . 
  you ca n't just walk in or out just because you work with the west . 
  singapore works with the west and is secular . 
  still not western . 
  but australia that is a country in the east is considered a part of the western tradition . 
  the west is a series of events and ideals that evolved over time . 
  from ancient athens to rome to magna carta to the us constitution etc. 
  it was the enlightenment in europe after the rediscovery of many ancient roman and greek texts like aristotle 's . 
  it was the dutch east india company , it was the scottish englightenment and so on . 
  take russia for instance . 
  peter the great tried to westernize russia . 
  he adopted many western institutions but still russia did n't become west .
