  the government knows it best . 
  let them tell it to that spoiled child precisely . 
  they should not try our patience , '' \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu said, 
  [ that 's what 's up greece ] ( http://imgur.com/a/elcdd ), 
  got ta love ireland . 
  definitely on my `` countries to visit '' list . 
  he still thinks it is wrong to redefine marriage but he is not against it . 
  he is not a reactionary . 
  as far as climate goes their main point is that the benefits of fossil fuels outweight the costs . 
  again not denying the existance of anything as you said originally but just looking at it from a different angle . 
  i think it is universaly accepted that abandoning fossil fuels is not a viable solutions . 
  our civilization needs vast amounts of energy . 
  prager 's niece is gay married , [ he is not against gay marriage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9x9cingvqww ) etc. 
  also they ( at prageru ) are not denying the existance of climate change . 
  they have made 3-4 videos based on that . 
  they argue that the magnitute of the change is not as apocalyptic as others portait it . 
  you interpreted their saying in a way so that you can confirm your opposition to them . 
  you do n't take their sayings literally . 
  you assume . 
  how dare they have different opinions than the ones you hold . 
  they must be insane . 
  i still do n't understand why people need to know prager 's opinions on issues in order to understand a video of ramsussen ( it 's not like we do n't know him . 
  danish pm and nato secretery for years ) talking about nato . 
  you are just using a strawman argument is order to discredit this issue . 
  i am giving you x and you point to y. 
  do you go under schulz videos and say `` is this the guy who had alchohol problems ? 
  yea i do n't like his economics plan '' ? 
  see my point ? 
  why do you need to know prager 's opinions on guns or energy in order to agree or disagree with a video about nato leadership ? 
  this is a stand alone piece . 
  looking for other pieces to disagree on with this is biased the least . 
  prageru is a conservative project . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  rasmussen is centre-right . 
  fits right in . 
  trump <  america the us system is not presidential/autocratic . 
  a president alone does n't rule the country in a czarist fashion . 
  there is the senate , the house , checks and balances , the sc etc. 
  yea unfortunately it is an oldie ... 
  i friend of mine took the picture so i told know any details . 
  pretty warm waters compared to the islands . 
  the nice thing is there a small lakes with small waterfalls and stuff on the mountain so many people go there for a swim . 
  funny thing is i have met a couple of ravers from litochoro too . 
  the place floods with tourists every summer . 
  you meet all kinds of people . 
  mainly german hikers, 
  since everyone is posting views from street with a mountain in background here is mine too . 
  mt.olympus in greece . 
  the eu really needs to cut down on subsidies and stuff like arts funding and so on . 
  these should be dealt with at the state level . 
  i really do n't want my taxes to go where they are not needed . 
  the people at the eu level need to be more fiscally responsible . 
  as a greek i have seen how eu funds can be easily misused . 
  we should decentrilize and limit bureaucratic involvement in the economy as much as possible . 
  sanders thinks that welfare is socialism . 
  and that is dangerous because in that way you delegitimize the system ( capitalism ) that provides the resources needed for the welfare state to exist . 
  it is sad that he has a significant following . 
  he really has no idea about what he is talking about . 
  the nordic countries have no minimum wage . 
  it is a decentralized system where workers negotiate their wage with the industry . 
  there is little to no government involvement . 
  in that way the state does n't asphyxiate the free market . 
  i have the same question my friend . 
  the answer i get is the classic `` that was not true socialism '' . 
  funny that the guy who said that to me also thinks stalin was the greatest leader in the history of mankind . 
  in all seriousness yesterday a syriza mp ( the far left socialist party that governs atm ) praised venezuela as the new socialist miracle . 
  he said that the government there has eliminated poverty and it has housed everyone . 
  no joke . 
  that was said in the parliament . 
  i swear some people in my country are out of their minds . 
  funny that in greece everyone who wanted to turn the country into a soviet province is seen as a hero by the majority here . 
  because they view the soviet union as the epitomy of human progress . 
  we need some baltic people to tour in greece and share the stories of the soviet terror . 
  some people really need to burst the bubble they live in . 
  well babystep terror and big time stalin terror are both still terror . 
  we ca n't say that because stalin was more terrible that his predecessors were angels . 
  lenin also was brutal against anyone who he labelled as `` counter-revolutionary '' . 
  not to mention the establishment of the vanguard party rule . 
   the election hopeful said in an interview with les echos that he would target $ 60bn in savings over five years and cut up to 120,000 civil service jobs while vowing at the same time to reinject $ 50bn into the eurozone 's second-largest economy . 
   under his plan , france would keep budget deficit below the eu-required threshold of 3 per cent of gross domestic product finally someone makes sense . 
  france has been hit hard by the socialist mumbo jumbo of the last years . 
  this guy seems to understand economics . 
  the free market really needs some space to breathe after hollande strangled it . 
  macron is actually a liberal . 
  the bernie bots are still dreaming about socialism . 
  nothing to do with macron, 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_westward_offensive_of_1918%e2%80%9319 ) it was this soviet aggression that sparkled the estonian war of independence, 
  cheers ( b ) estonia !, 
  the soviet westward offensive was the beginning of the terror that was to come to the baltics . 
  whenever a country fights to escape the horrors of socialism it is a day to celebrate . 
  first of all stop saying things i did n't say . 
  `` turkey is a lost cause , it is already an islamic country '' . 
  when did i say that ? 
  seriously stop assuming things and start relying * only * on what i say . 
   saying `` turkey has always been an islamic country '' is just plain ignorant of turkey ` s history . 
  a woman with turban was not even admitted to university classrooms , let alone in the parliament . 
  islamism is a new trend in the turkish political history ( after 1980s ) here is where you are wrong . 
  you underestimate the power of tradition . 
  even if the state declares secularism , that does n't change the people . 
  legistlation alone is not sufficient to alter a society .
