  the people living did n't think so . 
  how hard it is for you to just read a couple of comment above or below ? 
  i have explained that already . 
  and just to clarify something . 
  my comment is not about the eu as whole but us in the pro-eu side in general . 
  i do n't think you understood my comment . 
   this vision of us vs the bureaucrats is dangerous that is exactly what i am trying to prevent here . 
  i voted epp in the eu elections . 
  you ca n't get more `` establishment '' than that . 
  how is the epp going to survive if the extremists keep on gaining ground ? 
  and the question is * why * are they gaining ground ? 
  i criticize even the epp ( my vote ) because i want to make sure that i do n't paint myself in a corner trying to dogmatically propose for something that in the end it might backfire . 
  voting for more immigration and centralization i think will only help the extreme parties . 
  that is just my opinion . 
  but this is exactly the point . 
  eu policy should be tailored in order to serve the eu as a whole . 
  not just greece or belgium or finland . 
  we have to understand every perspective . 
  that of the guy living in a safe city somewhere in bavaria and of the guy who lives on an island right next to turkey . 
  he said that the eu is the best place on earth . 
  considering the fact the europe is a big and diverse place i just said that his point is not the case . 
  i think that is pretty reasonable . 
  you made the point about the eu being the best place on earth . 
  i said that this is not true and that you ca n't say a whole continent is the same . 
  i did n't dodge anything that you said . 
  as far as the eu part feel free to read my other comments here . 
  do you think that when europeans see erdogan blackmailing europe with `` give turkey visa free travel or i open the gates '' they feel like the problem is resolved ? 
  do you think a merkel visit in tunisia helps a rape victim ? 
  the people want to see a tough stance . 
  policing , law and order . 
  have you ever been to an immigrant ghetto ? 
  i have been robbed two times by immigrant and managed to escape a third ambush on my way to a bus station . 
  do you want to explain to me about your reasoning behind labeling such situations `` anecdotal evidence claims '' ? 
   the extremists will do whatever they want . 
  it 's the moderates who are important . 
  keep telling that to yourself but do n't be surprised when the extremists take over . 
  ignoring them does n't weaken them . 
  how about ignoring immigration ? 
  read my comment above about agios panteleimonas . 
  how is that a myth ? 
  calling it a myth will only help the extremists gain votes . 
  it was you who made the argument . 
  i countered that by pointing out that not every place is the same . 
  how are you calling * your * argument weak ? 
  ... also greece is pretty damn good compared to its neighbors . 
  edit : sorry it was * not * your argument . 
  i thought you were the guy above . 
  but still it was not my argument in the first place . 
  jeez i wish flairs would show up in inbox section . 
  not everyone lives on the isle of man . 
  that is true and that is my point also . 
  if we want people like bannon to have less influence it is up to ourselves to solve these problems . 
  the problem with the current order is that we are almost ignoring the problems that bannon talks about . 
  it simple supply and demand . 
  yea but why do you think these `` new political actors '' as you say emerge ? 
  even if they were paid by foreign power in the end it comes down to the people agreeing with their rhetoric . 
  without their vote they are irrelevant . 
   you should try to view it from the other side . 
  from the political parties side . 
  i understand that and this is why i say if these parties want to save themselves they should adapt to the new reality . 
  i vote for a traditional center-right pro-eu party in greece . 
  do you think i like the fact that the extreme right absords big parts of the voting base ? 
  but there is a reason that happens and it must be addressed or else the extremes will get stronger . 
  everyone tries to do that not just bannon . 
  do you think that eu official do n't try to present the eu situation with an optimistic touch ? 
  at the end of the day it comes down to what the european populations take from all of this . 
  let me tell you a story from greece . 
  there is a place in athens called [ agios panteleimonas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agios_panteleimonas,_athens ) . 
  it used to be a nice place with a beautiful church . 
  over the years more and more immigrants settled there . 
  the people living there started to complain . 
  `` the immigrants urinate on the streets , they grope women , they steal from elders at night etc '' . 
  the official said `` there is no problem with immigration '' . 
  long story short the people of agios panteleimonas called golden dawn instead of the police . 
  the golden dawn guys started policing the area . 
  you can easily guess that now that area in a golden dawn stronghold . 
  moral of the story ? 
  when the officials failed to address a real problem , extremists took over with the consent of the people . 
  this will happen accross europe . 
  if we want to prevent it we must understand that the european people have reasons to give their support to people like le pen or wilders . 
  it is these reasons that must be addressed in order to prevent a bad outcome for the eu . 
  i do n't really disagree with most of what you say but a lot of these things indicate eu weakness too . 
  let me explain . 
  you talk about the turkey deal . 
  how do you think the average european feels when the whole immigration questions comes down to a wannabe dictator blackmailing us ? 
  `` give me visa free travel or i open the gates '' you talk about lybia and syria . 
  understandable . 
  but why do n't the eu takes a more active role in its * own region * . 
  we wait for us action to solve everything . 
  the us did n't achieve stability in their region without force . 
  they did everything they could do in order to ensure geopolitical dominance over the na . 
  why is europe doing nothing in order to advance a stable region ? 
  my opinion is that we should be in syria with our us allies . 
  only the french stand up with the americans . 
  the rest like to bash the usa . 
  [ what is the point of having armies if we ca n't use them ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbzawro8m90 ) . 
  are we going to sit idle and wait for things to get better on their own ? 
  there are many more things to talk about when it comes to eu being idle . 
  if we want the eu to survive we must make sure that europe is more active or else we will always be a pushover . 
  russia on the east , us on the west and we in the middle waiting for the big dogs to take action .
