  wait for a messiah and you will wait forever  let them join the russian sphere of influence . 
   simply leave those institutions if we are members . 
  i get the impression i am talking to a golden dawn voter that has not read anything related to greek and western geopolitics . 
  it would take more than a reddit comment to explain how damaging this will be to our nation . 
  you know that this wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  if you wait it out then they will threaten to join the russian sphere of influence and the powers that be will revoke our right to veto and then let them join western institutions simply as macedonia . 
  i understand your point and to a certain degree i agree . 
  the thing is at the end of the day we will have to find a solution to this anomaly . 
  can you give me a more reasonable solution ? 
  sooner or later nato and the eu will ask for their membership in order to get them under their sphere of influence . 
  we have our veto for now but we do n't know how this will evolve . 
  i am pretty sure populations further to the north of greeks did n't use greek names at the time . 
  you are thinking about the ancient world in the same way you are thinking of today 's globalized society and that is a huge no no in the science of history . 
  a name is more than a name . 
  as i said to another comment it can be used as leverage for irredentist propaganda and fuel ultranationalist activism . 
  kremlin associates and `` ethnic macedonian '' nationalists ( which are not a minority in that state ) already from time to time say that `` aegean macedonia ( that would be greece ) is occupied by the greeks and it should be liberated '' . 
  the fact that that can be used as leverage to fuel irredentism should cause some concern . 
  not scare you though . 
  that last thing we need now is a serious movement calling for `` reunification of aegean macedonia ( as the ultranationalists call us ) and the rest of macedonia '' . 
  them calling salonika `` occupied land '' is no laughing matter especially concidering the greater region . 
  it still makes a distinction ... i think . 
  the thing is the longer this dispute lasts , more stupid claims will see the light of the day . 
  just wait untill they try to claim that aristotle was an `` ethnic macedonian '' too because he was born in macedonia , taught alexander and his father was working for king amyntas . 
  it is a good compromise . 
  but i do n't see it happening anytime soon . 
  they are being fed a whole lotta ultranationalist mumbo jumbo and that fuels passion . 
  i really wonder how do they manage to digest all of this pseudohistory . 
  not only they try to link their identity to an ancient greek tribe but they also steal bulgarian history as well . 
  they are pretty commited to that . 
  they constantly change wiki articles . 
  with no one in the academia taking them seriously they only manage to make a fool out of themselves . 
  and all of this just because a group of people in the 90s did n't pay enough attention to school . 
  just image kosovars trying to rename kosovo to `` republic of illyria '' and then trying to claim albanian history as their new illyrian identity . 
  nothing makes sense in the balkans . 
  simple solution : * nova makedonja * just like new york is not york . 
  just like new zealand is not zealand . 
  new macedonia wo n't have anything to do with the actual ancient greek kingdom of macedonia . 
  no more history hijacking , no more ultranationalists claiming `` the greeks occupy macedonian land and thessaloniki and we should liberate it '' them renaming streets or airports to alexander the great is of no value . 
  it is historically illiterate the least . 
  if skopjian had their way we would end up rewriting history . 
  renaming the hellenistic period to macedonian period , claiming that the ancient greek olympics were international because macedonian took part in them ( fact : they were greek only ) and of course find an excuse for the worshipping of greek gods and usage of greek names such as phillip ( which means friend of horses , philos + ippos , just like philosophy means friend of wisdom , philos + sophia ) . 
  my personal favorite of their looney acts is the `` warrior on a horse '' thing . 
  you really ca n't make this up . 
  oh man , that sub is pure cringe . 
  the people seem to like the cdu doing nothing ( at least anything that ignites public debate ) . 
  the cdu has picked up a lot of votes in the latest polls compared to earlier polls . 
  the spd is desperate to find anything to campaign on . 
  it literally ca n't find anything . 
  that would probably be best for him . 
  but then again what can the spd be positive about in times when the cdu is doing more than well ? 
  positive words ca n't combat positive results . 
  cdu/fdp is the most likely outcome . 
  the spd keeps losing ground . 
  schulz has been a total trainwreck for his party . 
  his comments on the us president , a call for mandatory public investment rate and him playing the refugee card were really bad moves . 
  looks like a fallout dlc, 
  pretty common practice in the [ middle east ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/middle_east_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg ), 
   he concluded that it is possible to achieve an agreement with greece , but he insisted that there should be the `` proper climate . '' that means `` we can achieve an agreement with greece when they are ready to give in to our demands '' . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll have a look at it . 
  the gulag archipelago is a great read for anyone interested . 
   the man who literally wrote the rulebook of democratic representative governments venizelos was pretty dictatorial at times and used the military in order to enforce a lot of his policy especially during the liberation of northern greece . 
  not the most democratic guy around . 
  now i am not saying this as a bad thing . 
  sometimes such measures need to be taken and venizelos is definitely one of the great greeks . 
  douglas murray . 
  great as always . 
  how is the title suggesting that he is being persecuted for being armenian ? 
  i literally wrote what is * in * the article  the government of greece on thursday granted a six-month temporary residency permit to ** turkish-armenian author ** and intellectual sevan nisanyan, 
  that is true considering his involvement with organizations/parties like the refah partisi . 
  the thing is that during the 2002 cycle he perfectly played the fiddle and people followed . 
  he absolutely destroyed baykal and even many people outside of turkey believed in him . 
  with the akp he joined the acre , ignited the eu talks and everything seems to be moving in the right direction . 
  and for many years it did . 
  the erdogan that barks at all directions was n't really a thing early on in his rule . 
   failed to see what erdogan could do . 
  there were many reasons for people to vote for erdogan in the past . 
  in the beginning he campaigned on a pro-europe platform , he boosted the economy and the national morale etc. 
  the akp in general proved to be a decent conservative party for many people to rally behind . 
  i am not saying that the erdogan of today is what people wanted . 
  all i am saying is that erdogan * was * in the beginning pretty votable . 
  after he criticized the government trying to prohibit criticisms of the prophet muhammad . 
  i am pretty sure they were not looking * directly at his constuction code violations * ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   the government of greece on thursday granted a six-month temporary residency permit to turkish-armenian author and intellectual sevan nisanyan , who escaped from a turkish prison earlier this month after serving three out of a 17-year sentence for violations of a construction code . 
   in an interview with armenpress on tuesday , nisanyan had indicated that he had sought asylum from greece saying , `` i have always thought of greece as my second or third homeland . 
  it is a very beautiful and civilized country . 
  i 'll be very happy to spend the new phase of my life there . '', 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neq6n-rc9oi ) is iced earth 's jon talking about greece and metal in greece . 
   but still it is weird to me that no one recognizes the turkish republic of northern cyprus but turkey . 
  that speaks by itself about the situation . 
   in international affairs does `` cyprus '' represents turkish people who live on the island too , or does turkey represents them ? 
  the republic of cyrpus represents greek and turkish cypriots because it is the official and recognized body to do so . 
   i believe in democracy and people who live there should determine how they 're trying to solve this `` conflict '' . 
  president anastasiades is working hard for reunification talks so that anomaly in the north comes to an end . 
  you can have a lot at the latest talks . 
  erdogan is probably using akinci in order to condition for the reunifications that would give turkey great leverage over the island and that makes the talks fail . 
  no one in their right mind would give erdogan leverage over the island . 
  not only greece or the eu but not even the americans . 
  hw is probably the most underrated us president of all time . 
  such a great man .
