  this eu of `` let 's pass a treaty or give more money to cause x or y and everything will be ok '' does not work in my opinion . 
  we either change or become irrelevant in this new world in the making . 
  i will say the following as a person who wants the eu to survive . 
  the fact that there is a backlash against the eu has nothing to do with bannon . 
  bannon rides the tide of people bashing the eu . 
  it is the people that have problems with the eu and steve bannon ( or any other anti-eu person ) channels that . 
  trying to look for scapegoats like trump , russia or bannon is absurd . 
  it is like the us elections . 
  the democrats lost and their base ca n't even accept that fact so they keep crying `` russia this , russia that '' . 
  in a democracy things do n't always go our way . 
  that is why we should always listen to every concern . 
  the eu must understand that it is europeans who cry for change . 
  people ask for immigration controls but the eu bureaucrats say `` that 's trump rhetoric '' and dismiss it . 
  people ask for less centralization but eu bureaucrats want to punish the uk for opposing their notion . 
  it is the people that will bring down the eu . 
  they will vote in euroskeptic parties since the pro-european ones ignore their concerns . 
  either we on the pro-european side address the issues or we will have to face the reality of a huge anti-eu wave . 
  and remember even if le pen or wilders fail at these elections they wo n't go away . 
  they will keep fighting . 
  edit : thanks for the gold . 
  appreciate it . 
  tim pool did not use the word extremist but the swedish tv added the word when translating . 
  that is the point . 
  wether * you * believe pjw is an extremist or not is another discussion . 
  this is about swedish tv distorting tim 's sayings . 
  i enjoyed his series . 
  pretty unbiased work ( unlike the swedish tv people who distorted his sayings in the subtitles ) . 
  rare in the journalism of today . 
  that being said i do n't think you need to do investigative journalism in order to understand that not respecting the host culture leads to problems . 
  people who are denying that there is a problem in immigration are in denial . 
  we either address the problem and try and fix it or do n't be surprised if trump-like candidates win every election from now on . 
   jeremy corbyn is a disaster in other news water is wet . 
  the issue with the name is really an issue of history hijacking . 
  they can use the name since their land is where the ancient greek kingdom was . 
  the problems comes when they are trying to forge something completely out of touch with reality . 
  like the `` fact '' that phillip ii or alexander were slavs . 
  ( btw if you think they do n't do that please do yourself a favor and do some research . 
  it is easy if you look for reverse claims . 
  them claiming `` greeks * think * alexander was greek ) everyone who has travelled there knows that their country is like an alexander the great amusement park . 
  statues , roads named after him , centers etc. 
  it is like a small alexander the great disney land . 
  the next generations there will grow up learning that ancient macedonia was slavic when every single historian on the face of the earth knows that this is not the case . 
  ( i can break this down if asked ) they fear that if the name macedonia is taken away from them the truth will emerge . 
  the truth that they are bulgarians . 
  so they want a new identify ? 
  they want to break from their bulgarian past ? 
  forge a new identity based on current struggles for independence . 
  teaching your children lies just for the sake of a pseudonationalist credo is irresponsible and stupid the least . 
  slavomacedonia or vardaska look like great names to me . 
  but i know that will not happen . 
  i am willing to accept the result that will come from negotiation between my country and theirs . 
  just for the sake of stability . 
  we will be supporters of their eu path too . 
  we will settle the matter of historical justice in their own university lecture halls . 
  debating . 
  what different circumstances ? 
  did n't they know about the eu referendum that was coming ? 
  we all knew that the eu referendum was coming . 
  no need to kid yourself . 
  i ca n't believe people still complain about this . 
  it 's over . 
  the scots had a referendum . 
  the uk had a referendum . 
  you do n't get to try again and again untill you get the result you like . 
  jeez . . 
   i 'm a follower of the enlightment revolutionaries , the ones who ended secterian violence on this continent revolutionaries in france slaughtered thousands of people . 
  in the name of radical change . 
  jacobins were murderers . 
  i think you have a pretty romanticized view of the world . 
   you 've barricaded yourself feeding off islamic fundamentalism to feed your own christian one i am not even a christian . 
   my only hope is that we can rebuild after you 've all had your fill of blood in the name of your `` culture '' wow . 
  i really wonder how you view other people . 
  is that it ? 
  i am amazed . 
  `` fill of blood in the name of culture '' . 
  wow . 
  you really make it sound like i am bloodthirsty . 
  are you against nato too ? 
  against military operations in our borders too ? 
  against baltic operations too ? 
  you can wait and dream about revolutionaries all you want but in the end it comes down to interests . 
  you are definatelly not helping your continent 's and alliance 's interests . 
  you are skipping everything i say , then you grab a word and totally avoid all my points . 
  you are being dismissive because you ca n't argue with reason . 
  i just said that you are * probably * a leftist because you were dismissive from the get go when you heard names of academics that reject the general leftist worldview . 
  that of kum ba yah . 
   gotten used to this sort of projection and labelling from other `` clash of civilization '' warriors . 
  you are free to believe that all cultures are equall and that there is no competition ( aggresive if you may ) between them . 
  i would refer you to kissinger 's book world order but you will probably be dismissive of kissinger too . 
   thanks for helping make the world a worse place to live . 
  not an argument . 
  just whining, 
  you clearly have n't read him . 
   we 're all currently dealing with a bunch of right-wing nutcases using his two-bit narrative to excuse the destruction of the enlightenment and the resconstruction of a primitive christio-judaic west , as fellow fundamentalists recreate the same traditionalists revival in the islamic world using the exact same narrative of clash of civilizations . 
  huntington was a lifelong liberal , hated neocons and argued against the war in iraq . 
  here is a [ read ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/29/education/29huntington.html?_r=0 ) right after this death . 
   you might as well quote his inspiration , francis `` end of hisotry '' fukuyama , also a respected academic which shows how little that title is worth . 
  mr. fukuyama is also respected . 
  his works are a big deal in the academic world . 
  you are probably a leftists ideologue that ca n't get over the fact that some things you revered are a thing of the past .
