  i believe the moment greece will recognize kosovo all of a sudden greeks at the south will become brothers for the albanians . 
  being closer to the mightiest country on earth is not a bad deal . 
   the chams are not a political party the pdi is the cham party . 
   however , to my knowledge , they do not push for border changes or anything like that the raise the `` cham issue '' ( as if it is a thing ) . 
  and just to prove you how it is mainly used as leverage and it is not a real issue i urge you to try and find any issue before the 1990s . 
  it was used as a tale in order to bolster nationalist during the 90s because of the wars there . 
  expand the front south . 
  these people went as far as demanding reperations for the expulsion and even called it a `` genocide '' . 
  of course no one takes these claims seriously . 
  literally no international organization has this `` issue '' on their agenda . 
  the only country that recognizes that there is an issue is turkey . 
  that should tell you something i guess . 
   it 's not like anyone in greece is doing anything to publicly and explicitly distance themselves from the extremist views of golden dawn . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  not a single party even thinks about giving air to breathe . 
  they are alone . 
  they even boycott the parliament when gd speaks . 
   irredentism is an issue in albania , but it 's less so than in other balkan countries ( including greece for that matter ) . 
  there is no irredentist talks in greece . 
  counting out gd here of course . 
  not only greece support stable borders in the region it is also a * huge * proponent of albanian * and * turkish accession to the eu . 
  even the conservative party support turkey and albania in the eu . 
  greece is committed to a stable region through the eu . 
   in his politico interview he said explicitly that unification with kosovo is not his wish . 
  he says it is not his wish but he also says `` i do n't want it to happen but ... '' . 
  he does little to fight ultranationalist rhetoric . 
  and as far as your point with extremist go . 
  golden dawn is alienated in greece . 
  literally no one takes them seriously . 
  in albania or in turkey though extremists have connections with the establishment . 
  in albania the chams , in turkey the grey wolves . 
   once the door to the eu seemed to be closing there was a change in turkey and the result is the different turkey turkey changed and then the door seemed to be closing . 
  not the other way around . 
   i think his point is also not that membership is urgent , but rather that it is important that people in the country do n't get the idea that talks are stalled for reasons that have nothing to do with the country 's performance if rama really wants the eu path he should condemn the following . 
  border changes , ultranationalists , irredentism etc. 
  and actually fight gangs and criminals . 
  he does n't though . 
  he is using them to tell us that `` if we join the eu these will cease to exist '' . 
  we all know that is not the case . 
   as for unification of albania and kosovo this will hardly happen . 
  people who talk about it are the same people that edi rama fails to alienate . 
   james mattis does n't decide on what the eu does and should n't meddle in our affairs . 
  every us administration has tremendous influence on eu affairs . 
  its power politics . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
   kosovo is the runt of the litter in europe , incredibly corrupt , an economic disaster , they 're the bottom of the list in just about any europe rankings true but the eu is more than economics and social issues . 
  geopolitics come in play too . 
  edi rama talks like a pro-eu , pro-us , pro-nato candidate but i feel like something is missing . 
  some of my albanian friends told me that the edi rama establishment refuses to go after criminals ( and remember that one of the reasons that albania is still out of the eu is gang violence , domestic violence , lawlessness etc. ), 
  because he gets huge support from them . 
  one of the things i do n't like about him is his blackmailing rhetoric regarding the balkans . 
  he talks to the eu like `` let us in or else ... '' implying that the balkans would blow up again and that is why it is urgent for them to join . 
  he panders to nationalists in order to create an enviroment for the eu to see and finally give in . 
  as far as the serbia-albania race to the eu i believed i 've heard james mattis say that kosovo * and * serbia will have to join together and the same time . 
  the puts an end to the albanian expansionist talk about greater albania . 
  through the eu there wo n't be a greater albania and kosovo will enter as independent . 
  i 'll tell you how the world works . 
  not ideologically . 
  greece looks for a partner to make deals ( china ) for the same reason the us looks for a partner to make deals ( saudi arabia ) . 
  it is in our * interests * . 
  it is not that we like the human rights record in china . 
  we just want the cash . 
   according to the un convention did you even read my comment ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.un.org/depts/los/convention_agreements/texts/unclos/unclos_e.pdf )  every state has the right to establish the breadth of its territorial sea up to a limit not exceeding 12 nautical miles , measured from baselines determined in accordance with this convention . 
   paranoia that is called . 
  if he had respect for the treaty he would uphold it as a sign of coop between the two countries instead of using provocative language and gettings turks pumped up with defeatist islamic and nationalist rhetoric . 
   so there is no official statement . 
  what the pm says to the press is official . 
   you are a faliure . 
  not an argument . 
  actually according to the un convention the number is 12 miles . 
  greece 's claim is closer to reality . 
  regarding the se medsea some middle eastern countries like syria and turkey are not parties to the convention . 
   these `` violations '' occur due to the maps we have , they do not match . 
  i 've already answered that above . 
   are you saying that turkey should change its air map just because eu dictates ? 
  two words . 
  international treaties . 
  erdogan even question the treaty of laussane . 
  literally noboday takes the guys view of the map seriously . 
   wake the fuck up . 
  not an argument . 
   give me the official statement . 
  did you watch the meeting between the two pms before commenting ? 
  they even answered press questions . 
  it was an almost hour long briefing . 
  i am not going to rewatch it just to point you to yildirim 's claims . 
  you can easily search for it . 
  it is all over the news . 
  at least in greece . 
  i do n't know what kind of news you get in your regime . 
   what you consider `` your airspace '' is not what we consider yours , and what you consider ours , is not what we consider ours . 
  what we consider our airspace is what not only us but the eu too uses . 
  your version of the map is only backed by turkey . 
  the eu ( not just greece ) gave turkey a warning regarding these violations some months ago . 
  the rest of your statements do not contribute to the argument . 
  you attributing ignorance to the other side is not of any value . 
  really want to compare records regarding violations ? 
  i really doubt you can find comparable , if not any , evidence about greeks violating turkish airspace . 
  turkey even harassed and tried to drive latvian eu frontex helicopters away from eu territory .
