  there is a thin line there . 
  so thin i would say it does n't matter at all . 
  the soviets won the war so they labelled what they did however they wanted to . 
  you will have to look for `` population transfers '' if you are looking for brutal ways of handling ethnic populations . 
  the deportation of crimean tatars or operation lentil for instance . 
  actually you have gordon brown to blame for that . 
   but i would n't say it was much worse than colonial regimes one would say that colonialism was beneficial to a certain extend for underdeveloped nations . 
  sure it was brutal but let 's have in mind that we are talking about a phenomenon that took place before the 20th century . 
  the notion of brutality was different in the 20th century . 
  judging by the outcome the soviets kept the countries that they occupied back . 
  even today eastern europe is doing great efforts to compete with the rest of the world . 
  not to mention as i said the horrible and unhuman way of handling their subjects . 
   what i ca n't believe is how people could equate nazis and soviets . 
  socialist totalitarian regimes . 
  read goebbels diary . 
  he goes on to say that we should n't fight the soviets because both regimes are similar and in many ways serve similar goals . 
   after ww 2 , significant part of europe was under a totalitarian regime . 
  we all can see that those countries managed to survive . 
  ethnic cleansing in the baltic and around the black sea , lack of industrial developement etc. 
  i mean there was a black market were people traded cognac and cigarates for food . 
  i would n't call that in anyway good . 
  the bailouts saved bank deposits . 
  bankruptcy would probably mean otherwise . 
  paywall, 
  wages are not real wages ( wages adjusted for inflation ) and real wages is not wage growth . 
   but wages are way down i would n't say way down . 
  the uk has some of the highest wages and paying jobs in europe . 
  also wages growth has been growing since 2014 . 
  the conservatives have set the bar really high . 
  the uk is doing more than great during these last years . 
  attacking americans on american soil . 
  such degenerates . 
  do they think they are in turkey ? 
  someone needs to get them off their high horse . 
  let 's not forget [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hy6ekondu0 ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc7fs7vktkm ) too . 
  the soviet union is one of the darkest chapters of human history . 
  i ca n't believe how some people can defend that regime and its ideology . 
  stories from the baltic are horrifying . 
  it amazes me how some have the audacity to say things like `` the soviets saved europe '' . 
  if it was n't for the uk and the us europe would have been under a totalitarian regime . 
  be it national socialist or soviet . 
   which is n't exactly the most popular thinking in greece . 
  popularity does n't make one right or wrong . 
  tsipras went on and passed laws resembling what he used to attack as `` neoliberal '' . 
   pasok fucked us over , new democracy fucked us over while it is true that both pasok and nd are to blame for a lot of our struggles at the moment , the 2012 government did tremendous progress and laid the foundations for the country to get back on track . 
  the numbers do n't lie . 
  if samaras was the winner of the 2015 elections we would be talking about a better greece today and that is a well established fact . 
  how do we know that ? 
  measures that we take today will bring us to 2014 levels aproximatelly around 2020-2022 . 
  they brough syriza in power and now they strike . 
  i love how they are surprised by the new laws . 
  it is not like we did n't tell them . 
  but they would n't listen to us because we were `` right wing merkelites and traitors '' actual things they used to say : `` there wo n't be any referendum '' , `` tsipras is a socialist . 
  there wo n't be starving people in the streets anymore because he will take care of them '' , `` we will have free electricity '' , `` we will drive the germans out of our country '' , `` saying that there will be capital controls imposed on our banks is a fear tactic played by conservatives '' , `` tsipras will change europe . 
  podemos are next to take power '' , `` venezuela is doing great '' etc. 
  i believe it was around the time the dutch elections were happening, 
  there are people who have strong nostalgia towards the city because their family originates from there . 
  you can literally walk in greek homes and see hagia sophia paintings all over the place . 
  people visit frequantly . 
  looking at their old districts and homes . 
  same goes for smyrna/izmir . 
  but when it comes to actual politics it would n't be smart to conquer the city . 
  there are too many turks there at the moment . 
  if we are talking land gains something more feasible would be to drive the turks out of the illegally occupied northern parts of cyprus . 
  enosis ( union with greece ) was an actual goal that both mainland greeks and greek cypriots went after . 
   killing fruits and burning wrong flags ( or try to ) this sounds crazy and funny at first . 
  then i remembered it actually happened . 
  what a world we live in . 
  without us approval we ca n't do it . 
  there will be major backlash . 
  the eu is far too weak when it comes to defence and power politics in order to take such initiatives . 
  well defence costs . 
  the eu needs to increace its geopolitical influence . 
   `` the eu underlines that turkey needs to commit itself unequivocally to good neighbourly relations and urges turkey to avoid any kind of source of friction , threat or action directed against a member state , which damages good neighbourly relations and the peaceful settlement of disputes , '' the spokesperson said . 
  yea good gesture i guess but words mean little . 
  eu aircrafts need to fly alongside with greek aircrafts and deter turkish violations . 
  the eu driving turkish aircrafts out of eu territory means much more than just greek aircrafts doing the job . 
  i may be a conservative but the fact that obama was bad as far as foreign policy goes is well established by now . 
  he did n't engage strongly in the me leading to the rise of further extremism in the area , did n't retaliate against assad 's use of chemical weapons , you watched crimea get annexed by russia , you made a deal with the iranians and just took their word for it etc. 
  the pivot to asia was bound to happen ever since the nixon/kissinger detente policy . 
  and do n't get me wrong . 
  i am not a putin guy . 
  i would very much want the us to stop the putin expansion . 
  but obama was the person to do that . 
  genius or not he outplayed obama . 
  we of course knew that obama 's foreign policy and geopolitics were a disaster but putin made really big gains for russia with little to no cost at all . 
   lone events do n't happen just like that though . 
  they come from somewhere . 
  i mean , seriously , it should n't even be a question that there was a strong liberal and democratic movement in germany . 
  the spring of nations was beyond germany phenomenon at the time . 
  and it did n't actually have any great impact . 
  again as i said it does n't constitude a tradition . 
  a tradition is something that goes on for years , it is passed from generation to generation . 
  lone events belong to their respective era and just that . 
  for instance the us has had a republican tradition ever since washington . 
  china has had a communal tradition for centuries . 
  things like confucianism are traditions . 
  a liberal uprising in germany at the late 19th is not a tradition . 
   this view ignores that the republic , while being volatile , did function for a considerable time with remarkable resilience . 
  yet the enviroment that it produced was fragile .
