  i 've said that about trump too . 
  then florida voted . 
  in canada flags are an everyday sight . 
  almost everyone has a flagpole in his yard . 
  in greece too i fly the greek flag on my balcony . 
  nothing wrong with showing you support your country and showing respect for the work of previous generations and what they passed on to us . 
  i am greatful for our democratic institutions and constitution and this is why i will keep flying my flag . 
   the turkish/kurdish conflict will haunt every us administration because dropping turkey in favor of the kurds is just no option since turkey controls the bosporus . 
  the reason the us uses turkey is not because of bosporus . 
  but because of iran and syria . 
  this is why the supports the kurds too . 
  a kurdish state would be pro-us leaving more options open for regional operations . 
   but we ca n't use evidence from nations in conflict with each other ( like iran and is ) as evidence that there is a greater ** unified ** effort because that is misleading . 
  here is were this small misunderstanding lies . 
  i never said unified . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  but all this does n't change the fact that there are movements hell bent on establishing a caliphate be it sunni or shia . 
  or at least an islamic arc . 
  my interpretation is kissinger 's interpretation of data . 
  the fact that shia and sunni muslims are at each other 's throat it does n't mean that there is no greater plan for an islamic caliphate . 
  it makes their job harder but it does n't stop their actual goal . 
  i do n't think that the people that said that understand us foreign policy . 
  i am pretty sure kissinger has more information than both of us do on the issue . 
  you guys should read henry kissinger 's world order . 
  it explains in great detail how muslim countries in the middle-east ( mainly iran ) push for an islamic caliphate . 
  why would he have great hopes ? 
  [ i do n't think so ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bhehmq_7jw ), 
   your subjective opinion i did n't say that it is n't . 
  of course it is my opinion . 
   and your north american buddies upvoting you in a thread about guns in the middle of the night in europe does n't make it less so . 
  judging arguments based on upvotes is funny the least . 
  and i am pretty sure there are many europeans agreeing with me on this issue too . 
  can you explain to me how did you people get from talking about guns to talking about nuclear bombs and chemical warfare ? 
  i really hope you understand that this is crazy the least . 
  laws should be few and limited . 
  we need laws to restrict government overeach , to set foreign policy , to organize national defence , to organize our court system etc. 
  the state should be a night watchman making sure we play fairly . 
  the state should n't be a strict parent like figure trying to make us live the way a lawmaker wants to . 
  as churchill said `` if you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law '' . 
  and before you say it . 
  no i am not american . 
  but pretty close . 
  i am half-canadian . 
   you compared a butter knife with guns , so i compared guns with wmds . 
  he said that guns kill people . 
  i said you can kill people with a knife too . 
  something of everyday use . 
  you came in and jumped to an irrational extreme talking about wmds . 
  no one has a wmd in his home like he has a knife . 
  i ca n't believe i am still arguing over this . 
   also , i believe a bomber does n't count as a wmd . 
  it is a non-gun weapon . 
  i did n't say it was a wmd . 
  i find that equally ridiculous that why said a b-2, 
   so let 's sell hand grenades in the super market then ? 
  there we go again . 
  this is about * gun * control . 
  how did you sneak explosives into the conversation ? 
   actually they are . 
  and people in government are smarter ? 
   there is a large number of people that really should n't own guns . 
  there are checks . 
  you ca n't just buy a gun . 
  even though many people bypass checks . 
  for instance crete is full of guns . 
  and i mean full of guns . 
   also people might buy guns when they are okay but later get mentally ill and still have the gun . 
  same goes with everything dangerous in wrong hands . 
  from cars to fishing equipement . 
  i can buy a car and get a licence and two years from now i may be mentally unstable and drive through a crowd . 
  the law ca n't do much about it . 
   ca n't kill people en masse cars can kill people en masse . 
  a law wo n't stop a crazed person from driving into a crowd . 
  laws of such nature are ineffective . 
  there are laws against bombs . 
  here is greece far left terrorist organization plant bombs all the time . 
  around a week ago a bomb was sent to germany too . 
  it was front page here . 
   shhh , it 's ok . you can calm yourself now . 
  tell me , do you want to open google and type in `` drunk driving fatalities in greece '' , or should i do that for you ? 
  you think a law will stop a person from drinking and driving ? 
  a person who does n't want to die or kill wo n't drink and drive . 
  a moron wo n't give two shits about it . 
  you fix these kind of problems by addressing the issue and raising awareness . 
  not by passing laws . 
  no because you can actually use a butter knife to kill someone pretty easily . 
  you already own one . 
  i am pretty sure you do n't have a b-2 parked in your driveway ready to bomb a city . 
  i am literally laughing typing this . 
  i mean this is ridiculous . 
  how can you not see that what you are saying is ludicrous ? 
  this is like me saying `` i want border controls '' and you saying `` yea but how am i supposed to travel to other countries ? '' . 
  as i said . 
  you take x and make it y. 
  my argument is about * guns * . 
  not weapons in general . 
  no one in their right mind would be ok with his neighbors having his trigger on a nuclear button . 
  nowhere did i argue for wmds , chemical weapons , nuclear submarines or stealth bombers . 
  you counter argued y while i argue for x. 
  a * huge * leap in all seriousness .
