if you run on windows 10 this is the disgusting game bar . 
  it appears when you start the launcher . 
  you need either to remove it then or click the escape key in-game after the game loads . 
  hope this helps . 
  i think he also made a great point using slavery . 
  he explained that ubi is like being a really nice slave owner - you take care of your slave , feed him well etc. 
  and so your slaves are reluctant to rebel and abolish the system , failing to see the evil in it . 
  according to zizek , in the same sense ubi also aims to prolong the evils of capitalism . 
  you do it under `` betas '' in steam ( if you have the steam version ofc ), 
  ok , so what did i miss ? 
  wtf is going on in this video ? 
  that is very interesting , thank you for sharing . 
  however i have to say that zizek is adamant in his critique of regionalism . 
  i will not go into details but basically he ( and i as well ) find this terribly ineffective . 
  it demands constant participation on the local level . 
  this is exhausting and far too slow . 
  a local system can not possibly hope to react adequately to some of the biggest problems we have today , like climate change , all kinds of natural disasters and many more like say biogenetics ( one of zizek 's favourites ) . 
  for example you can see some of his thought on direct democracy [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhnlqaudykk ), 
  `` no matter what people tell you , words and ideas can change the world . '', 
  no , the uk and the us bombed sofia in 1943-1944 . 
  nazi germany never bombed bulgaria . 
  what the germans used to persuade bulgaria into signing the tripartite pact were promises of territory and a massive army on the other side of the danube ... 
  i 'm triggered, 
  well , germany would have probably invaded had bulgaria not joined , so yeah ... 
  edit : grammar, 
  the fallout mod is really good and always fun to play . 
  i am playing as the enclave right now . 
  you could also try the `` total realism project '' mod ( trp ) - it 's somewhat more difficult that vanilla dh and has pretty good event chains for germany . 
  some other good ones are `` peace without victory '' ( set in the interwar period with possible alternative-history outcomes like austria-hungary etc ) and `` putin '' mod ( set in 2015 , is still in development though ) . 
  considering what this book is actually about , i find this very ironic . 
  guys , i too love paradox , but i think you should never pre-order any game , * ever * . 
  it 's just a stupid [ practice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5uj4xit1y ), 
  it 's mesembria btw . 
   in this true parable of 2016 i see another worrisome lesson , albeit one also possibly relevant to trump 's appeal : that in america today , the only thing more terrifying than foreigners is ... math . 
  sadly this is just a blank map and not the political map in 1933 . 
  but [ here you go ] ( https://i.imgur.com/3ylcpnt.png ), 
  i am not even australian but this is just stupid . 
  i see how some people like easter eggs , however this is too much . 
  immersion-breaking and tasteless . 
  thank god there is a mod that fixes it , i just do n't know if you can still get achievements with it . 
  edit : i mean the name `` empire of the platypus '' , not the fact that you can make a fascist australia ... 
  yeah that is what i meant , sorry if i was not clear enough . 
  i better question for me is why do n't all the provinces have names ( they should n't necessarily be shown , but if you click you should be able to see it ) . 
  it 's not like hoi 3 did not have a similar number of provinces with names for every single one ... 
  you fools , do n't you know that punctuation symbols are also copyrighted . 
  they 're like logos . 
  do n't forget that kaiserreich is alternate history . 
  many of irl fascist have turned to totalism in this timeline . 
  for example mussolini was a socialist before `` inventing '' fascism . 
  as far as i know , this is intentional , a little easter-egg like stalin being minister of security of georgia in the dh version . 
  i am really surprised how many people actually like these names . 
  do n't get me wrong , good for you guys , but i ca n't stand them . 
  totally immersion-breaking for my taste . 
  it 's like the game ca n't take itself at least somewhat seriously . 
  and i do n't find them even remotely funny . 
  ( what does pakistan have to do with hedgehogs ? ), 
  i would like to see an option to change this , so that everyone can be happy . 
  if you look at the top : shake well & ** buy often **, 
  yeah , i know , i have already changed some of the names . 
  it 's the general attitude these names show that bothers me more though . 
  i guess your explanation kind of makes sense , but i still think they should have chosen a more fitting name . 
  it 's an acceptable name for a movement as you say ( considering national animals ) , definitely not for an official name of a state . 
  but it 's not just that , look at all the names of other states , for example the new african ones : `` the gorilla empire '' etc. 
  still pretty illogical , not very amusing but very much immersion-breaking . 
  it 's like the devs could n't be bothered to think of something original . 
  ( the * insert animal * empire ), 
  i 've read on the forums about other people who do n't like this too , so i just proposed to have an option for something more sensible , not involving modding . 
  definitely this for me too, 
  so i just reached india and was looking at random characters when i saw this girl with the most beautiful name i have ever seen in the game . 
  oh and sorry for the ugly borders , they will be fixed soon enough ... 
  no , that 's actually the color of the empire of germania . 
  i was playing as a custom nation of the [ danube swabians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danube_swabians ) when i saw part of the lyrics of disposable heroes by metallica . 
  ( oh and yeah , i know this has nothing to do with the real * donauschwaben * flag ), 
  yeah , that 's true , but i thought it looked cool and just let it be, 
  well not really , but i was fascinated by their history . 
  i like reading about a lot of stuff , but especially history . 
  and so while i was reading about german history i must have come across this . 
  what made it more interesting is how little i knew about it at the time . 
  they return to your capital , they do n't just disappear . 
  also they are not being repaired and crucially they lose half their organization when they arrive . 
  as far as i remember they do n't consume fuel or supplies during this time . 
  what ? 
  no , they most definitely were not [ 300 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_soviet_union#population_2 ) . 
  hoi 4 feels very different in a bad way . 
  a lot of things are missing or are n't always working properly . 
  granted it 's a young game and it has some potential , but i do n't even like the general direction the game is taking tbh . 
  even if the issues with the ai are resolved and a lot of flavour and new mechanics are added , i still think it lacks in depth and how to put it ... `` soul '' . 
  the devs prioritized things i do not always like ( bhutan causing a civil war in us ... ) , while missing some i need . 
  ( i ca n't even take a clean screenshot of the map like in eu4 ) . 
  actually i hope i will be proven wrong on all of this but we 'll see . 
  i understand and i agree to a point : there are some aspects of hoi 4 that are clearly superior to what the previous games offered , however up to now they ca n't `` redeem '' the game for me personally . 
  i know what it 's supposed to mean , but if you think about it , a `` world '' war ca n't possibly be fought with sticks and stones . 
  you just ca n't get that level of world-wide communication in a nuclear winter wasteland . 
  so it 's likelier the local skirmishes of the mutated three-legged humans will be fought with sticks and stones . 
  if the human race ever recovers , and a `` real '' world war is possible , then we 'll probably use the same weapons as the previous wars . 
  and so the circle of life would be complete ... 
  i wish it was n't about normandy again . 
  but i guess they got ta cater to that big north american market ... 
  ( oh and eugen are french , so i guess that 's important too ), 
  i did not mean paradox games .
