  there are way too many countries to know something about every single one . 
  we did have to memorize the capital of every european country but that was it . 
  i do n't really care where my stuff comes from . 
  it 's the only one i can think of . 
  i 'd go see some castles or ruins . 
  zoos . 
  historical reenactments . 
  but that 's not really country specific . 
  honestly , i do n't even know what a tourist might be interested here that he does n't have at home . 
  pretty easy and straightforward . 
  i 'm really interested in how it the results turn out . 
  it 's interesting how it 's either the president or the prime minister who gets the most attention in/outside of a country . 
  that 's one thing your country has in common with germany - the president is not the # 1 person . 
  i do n't watch czech movies that much but t.m.a. 
  was pretty bad . 
  it 's considered a bad movie only because most people who watched it ca n't stomach it . 
  but that always happens when a niche subgenre gets mainstream attention . 
  look at hostel . 
  one of the best of the genre and gets very bad reviews . 
  why ? 
  people who usually do n't watch this stuff were exposed to it . 
  far cry was decent . 
  he actually does have a lot of powers . 
  he is the commander-in-chief of our military , he ratifies international deals , appoints judges , can veto laws , can grant pardons ... and a lot more . 
  first of all , we 're not one country anymore , it 's insulting to be lumped together with each other since we never really had much in common anyway . 
  secondly , a president in our countries exists to represent us , even more so now that he is elected directly . 
  unfortunately , our current president does n't represent the nation , but russia and china . 
  the slovakian president seems to be the proper representative . 
  no , because they have a president . 
  yes , way more . 
  i wish . 
  the sudetenland belongs to the germans . 
  this is the day i wish i was slovakian . 
  yeah , i 'm with you on this one . 
  i 'm a pretty big supporter of tolerance towards muslims but i could n't date a religious person . 
  it would get in the way of raising a family properly . 
  it 's the first time i 've heard irl trump supporters saying they thought he would be different . 
  using gate as a suffix is more of a thing among the internet population - i 've seen it used a lot on facebook and sometimes in mainstream media , but it 's usually meant to be sarcastic . 
  our media at the time it was happening were state controlled propaganda and from what i found they only shortly mentioned it a few times . 
  ji\u0159ina bohdalov\u00e1 , but the other way around . 
  they have worse roads than us and that 's something . 
  casual xenophobia incoming !, 
  we would have to have the public toilets in the first place . 
  they are pretty rare which makes me not care what they look like , i 'm just thankful there even are any . 
  the racism is n't a recent thing . 
  they were treated far worse back then . 
  kinda hard to integrate when you 're not allowed to for hundreds of years and then suddenly you * have to * , while the rest of society has n't changed at all . 
  brussels . 
  let 's fucking federalize already . 
  we should just start sending old people to africa . 
  yep , reddit is nothing like real life ( you know what i mean ) . 
  the racist culture , aka `` gypsies are the problem , not us '' . 
   i was brought up with xenophobia ftfy you 're the reason why they have n't been integrated successfully . 
  that 's interesting , i 've never seen that in czech mcdonald 's . 
  they have the best restrooms and always accessible to the public for free . 
  i was so glad it was saturday yesterday . 
  i always cheer for the other country . 
  czech sports fans need to curb their enthusiasm . 
  the problem i face frequently is that there are n't any . 
  i 'd gladly pay to have more of them available . 
  toilets in german mcdonald 's are paid ? 
  they should make a piss pass that lets you pay once a year and is valid everywhere . 
  this dehumanization of the homeless and drug addicts does n't help anyone . 
  typical czech attitude . 
  us against the `` filth '' . 
  no matter if it 's the homeless , drug addicts , roma people , muslims , disabled people , sexual minorities ... if you 're not `` normal '' you 're not welcome in our noble society . 
  considering the rise of obesity i do n't think food is the area we should get inspiration from the americans . 
  and i 'm so fucking glad . 
  can you image the trial about the banned hijab being even a bigger shitshow ? 
  the people disrupting the process would basically get the right to decide the verdict . 
  just traveling to america by itself is seen as a luxury . 
  i 've had people who i thought were extremely nice and polite start talking about brown trash flooding europe . 
  i only know two people who would n't absolutely agree with that , and that 's considering i know people of very different backgrounds . 
  the normalization of roma people hate is enormous and universaly accepted in this country . 
  it is beyond saving . 
  you will never understand what it 's like living in a shithole . 
  lol , people here are hateful , racist , xenophobic fucks . 
  when you 're visiting it 's the closest mcdonald 's . 
  mcdonald 's . 
  always ask for a cucumber , sometimes they forget it . 
  you get used to it after some time . 
  i certainly do n't have the will to try to change the country . 
  if i get the courage one day i 'm running away from this shithole . 
  i just feel like i do n't belong and i certainly do n't want to ruin it for the majority ... 
  how can i trust a government voted in by my fellow citizens who i sincerely hate with all my heart ? 
  russia and `` local '' billionaires . 
  i personally only know one person who is n't entirely against muslim refugees coming to europe . 
  it really is the norm here to speak about them as if they were not people , and i am not kidding . 
  some people literally shake with hate when they speak on the topic . 
  i lost respect for lots of my relatives who started talking about the `` filthy brown trash '' flooding europe . 
  this narrative is widely supported by politicians , even a lot of the moderate ones because they would n't have a chance in the elections if they did n't hate at the refugees at least a little bit . 
  we had marches in prague where people brought fake gallows saying that is where people like me who disagree with them will end up . 
  they even organized a fake terrorist attack there . 
  and since most of the police force votes overwhelmingly far right wing they let it slide . 
  communism has done a lot of moral damage to this country . 
  hating on the eu is the norm here . 
  it 's sad . 
  i do n't want to generalize and laugh at my scared fellow citizens but most of them agree with our president ( who is very similar to erdogan ) even though they might think he 's a pig that should 've been slaughtered long ago ( = retired from politics ) . 
  my dad used to tell me and my brother a tale about three puppies during which he made a lot of fake fart noises . 
  we laughed .
