  i have found that every place i 've ever been to had the same set of people so i have nothing to make stereotypes of . 
  i usually eat lunch or dinner . 
  greens and pirates . 
  still not decided which i 'm going to vote for . 
  spd and \u00dasvit - both are the definition of xenophobia . 
  while these look somewhat believable i 've seen mostly modern assault rifles , shotguns and handguns . 
  the ones you linked look more like ` cowboy ' guns to me . 
  i do n't necessarily mean airsoft guns even though they are sold alongside each other . 
  some of them do n't even shoot anything , they just make a sound when you pull the trigger . 
  and to me they looked pretty realistic when i last saw them . 
  they make them play the russian roulette with a fully loaded weapon , right ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  it 's from south park iirc, 
  yeah i ca n't stand hearing us ( including myself ) speak english . 
  we have the opposite problem here . 
  our country is turning into ` an assembly line of europe ' . 
  we have low unemployment but most people work in very low paying jobs and the number of those jobs just keeps growing . 
  businesses complain they lack people yet most people already work these manual , low paying jobs . 
  and our politicians think if you do n't have a manual or a technically oriented job you 're lazy . 
  we 're turning into a nation of uneducated robots . 
  yeah , when i do n't show up twice a year i get an angry call from the nurse . 
  i guess adoption of an older animal is also an option . 
  you know what 's interesting ? 
  there is a license for guns that requires a psych exam , yet most of the gun owners make me feel like there is something wrong with them . 
  like they 're either a bit crazy , aggressive , militant or just act weird . 
  huh . 
  so once you buy two of those and one of them dies you 're stuck in an infinite loop of buying the one missing animal . 
  you can never get rid of them until both of them die at the same time . 
  i just have so much experience with doctors who are fat , smoke , etc. . . it would be impossible to filter them out . 
  living in a small czech town makes me appreciate educated people with bad habits . 
   i 'm not even criticizing her as a doctor here ( i would if i were her patient ) . 
  i would n't . 
  i appreciate good doctors , no matter how unhealthy they live . 
   as a politician , you should n't ask people to do what you yourself ca n't . 
  i. . . disagree . 
   and if you are running for a party that promotes personal and economic liberty , imposing sugar/fat taxes is the opposite of what your voters supported . 
  this is a political argument i will not be dragged into , especially if i do n't know the nuances of belgian politics . 
  the key word is ` universally ' . 
  being unhealthy has nothing to do with knowledge about health so i do n't see a problem . 
  i 'm fat myself and it 's not because i do n't know how to lead a healthy lifestyle . 
  yep . 
  i have them in my garden . 
  lol the smug part of the country is everywhere but prague . 
  watching war of the worlds and eating pringles . 
  no , i live in a house built in the 50s where all the doors inside remain unlocked . 
  all the doors have locks but there are no keys . 
  we have a ham called * cik\u00e1nka * - ` gypsy woman ' but i might be translating it wrong . 
  that 's because the currently most popular party has their votes . 
  after the parliamentary election we 'll be ruled by one party and after the reelection of zeman there is nothing standing in the way of a complete dehumanization . 
  we 're going full poland . 
  these are n't just some internet assholes . 
  i saw okamura last weekend with a crowd of people around him . 
  those people are real . 
  and certainly not in a minority . 
  should 've said progressive . 
  unless you wear an unusual bathing suit to a water park . 
  not at all . 
  the society is very polarized and most people made up their mind already . 
  i know i did . 
  i see a russian spy doing his research . 
  yes . 
  watching video streams online seems to be the new tv . 
  yep . 
  english swear words are just another foreign words to me . 
  of course not . 
  unless they drive here or export subpar food . 
  during the week , every day . 
  at the weekend , no . 
  i actually liked that familiarity . 
  i get very anxious in new places and lignano almost feels like a second home . 
  what ? 
  me and my family used to go there every year and loved it . 
  we have n't had any `` nationwide incident '' yet so i 'm not really sure . 
  it 's one of those things i know i would n't participate in if i traveled around the world . 
  this and the not being to blow my nose in public . 
  but men on the other hand ... 
  i had germany on my mind but there were other countries willing to swallow us . 
  well , my comment was n't about slovakia but you 're right . 
  it exists but it 's embarrassing . 
  hard to say how known he is here but i guess he must be at least a little bit because i remember bugging my mom to buy one of his books whenever we entered a bookstore . 
  they were in every one . 
  i wish they gave us another chance . 
  when i was a kid and had to draw the flag at school i wondered how kids in countries with complicated flags draw them . 
  damn , i hoped you meant the mass effect universe . 
  i think it boils down to the fact that a lot of people simply do n't know how to raise a child without physical punishments . 
  that 's why they react so defensively , to them the only alternative is a lack of upbringing and that 's what they think we suggest when we talk about another ways to raise a child . 
  honestly , i wish this country never got independent . 
  we had so many chances to be germanized and blew it all . 
  we could 've been part of a great nation instead of this pathetic backward nationalist dump . 
  i 'm not a fan of natively speaking a language only 10 million other people on a small piece of land can speak . 
  i hate the fact that learning a foreign language is a necessity for me . 
  i think it 's something we 've carried over from the communist regime . 
  it will take a generation or two before people seriously reconsider their parenting methods . 
  people happily consume american products while complaining about america at the same time . 
  they think other ways do n't work , especially in the long term . 
  also , they want to avoid the embarrassment in public - other people will look down upon you if you let your kid throw a tantrum in public without at least slapping it or smacking its butt . 
  because they find it easier . 
  using violence silences the kid immediately . 
  my feelings are hurt . 
  that 's why i find it so strange .
