  holy shit that 's hilarious , some of them mispronounce in the same way us czechs do . 
  latino guys are the best . 
  do n't worry , the czech republic will join the club of eastern european authoritarian regimes very soon . 
  you made a lot of the bitter eastern europeans angry it seems . 
  not really . 
  the english names for generations are usually only used when translating an english article or something like that . 
  mostly it 's just `` kids these days '' or `` today 's youth '' when they need to badmouth a whole generation . 
  is n't a midwife something only polygamous muslims have ? 
  when mocking americans . 
  yeah , every time i go shopping i buy a new one . 
  surprisingly , i never end up with more than 3 at home . 
  i wonder what happens to them . 
  yes , and i do n't give a fuck . 
  any day off is fine by me . 
  [ approximately like this ] ( https://i2.wp.com/techbeasts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/screen-shot-2015-07-31-at-15.56.22.png ), 
  during the week i live in a bigger town , i see police once or twice a week . 
  on the weekends at our small town , i 've seen them maybe three times in my whole life . 
  and they 're all dubbed . 
  been to italy several times on vacation , only pizza talk on tv . 
  is there something eu is not criticized for ? 
  people are so ungrateful . 
  i think the reason why mcdonald 's operates so differently in each country is that it 's not run by the actual company itself but by some local businesses who just pay to use the mcdonald 's brand . 
  even after watching the bron tv series i still ca n't tell the difference between swedish and danish language but i think i 'm getting there . 
  one day i will be able to locate those two countries on a blind map , i 'm sure of it . 
  you mean our [ sexy minister of the interior with his supreme war machine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bg98k5o.jpg ) ? 
  the reason why i do n't like using the drive through is because the fries get soggy before i get home . 
  none . 
  everybody loves the eu in the czech republic . 
  germany . 
  english , german . 
  it is n't taken seriously . 
  anything north of poland is `` one of the nordic countries '' to me . 
  holland and netherlands are like england , great britain and uk . 
  it 's interchangeable unless you live there . 
  couple times a year . 
  i live in a small town . 
  we are the it elite . 
  they sure act like it was . 
  lucky you . 
  i often have nowhere to park . 
  ours do n't take cash yet , so when i forget my debit card i have to go to the counter . 
  i was there yesterday and they changed the touch screen 's design . 
  i 'm afraid a lot of people will find that very confusing . 
  it 's the same here . 
  if you order before those people in line , you get ahead of them . 
  you made me realize that going to mcdonald 's is my `` going to the pub to get wasted '' . 
  i do n't think 4chan can be trusted with anything serious . 
  relevant flair . 
  ketchup is the ultimate neutralizer . 
  i would n't eat it but i admit the decision is not based on logic . 
  the harry potter saga . 
  nothing comes even close . 
  maybe the witcher but i prefer the videogames . 
  margarine , cheese , ham and ketchup . 
  czech food . 
  beer . 
  communism . 
  immigrant hating . 
  cars with a manual transmission . 
  [ reinhard heydrich ] ( https://www.private-prague-guide.com/wp-content/heydrich1.jpg ), 
  english and german at school . 
  but the german teachers suck . 
  and the language sucks too . 
  lots of sucking going on . 
  king milo\u0161 the drunk , first of his name . 
  i wonder why the panel above the cashiers says mcroyal then . 
  i think it 's called mcroyal . 
  where i live tap water does n't taste good . 
  i just buy the cheapest brand of bottled water that tastes good . 
  currently , i buy the tesco brand for $ 0.13 per bottle . 
  i fucking hate those memes with j.s.bach that are based on the mispronunciation of his last name . 
  czechia sounds silly to me . 
  those were the golden times . 
  take us back !, 
  as others have said , school is supposed to be a full-time job . 
  it 's common to be financially dependent on parents until you finish college/university education and get a full-time job . 
  for the same reason nazi symbolism is illegal in certain context . 
  it is n't federalised yet . 
  are they actually called popular party ? 
  i like the spanish songs by jennifer lopez . 
  arabic music can be quite beautiful too . 
  it 's all about the melody for me . 
  i 've only ever had czech food , but it 's generally terrible . 
  sauces . 
  dumplings . 
  dry pork . 
  that depends on who was phone . 
  i remember being very confused when i found out this is not worldwide . 
  i hear there are even some countries where you ca n't enter privately owned forests . 
  it 's in the bathroom . 
  but the dryer is in the kitchen because there was n't enough space in the bathroom . 
  colonization of america was mentioned , civil war may have been mentioned and i guess it was mentioned when we studied the great depression . 
  but we never really studied america that much . 
  i do n't remember slavery being mentioned . 
  tbh i think we only studied world history up until ancient greece/rome and then it was all euro-centric . 
  fat shaming quite regularly . 
  often from fat people who laugh at fatter people . 
  i still get lithuania and lichtenstein confused sometimes . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  just like we did n't really learn anything about the nordic countries , i do n't expect you guys to know anything about the czech republic .
