  i speak a useless language . 
  why oh why did n't you germanize us when it was cool . 
   alternative language, 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  yes , very . 
  it 's hard to argue against it because most people think you 're being ridiculous . 
  i tried it a few times . 
  some of those i follow on facebook seem to be . 
  it 's very common here in the czech republic to hate successful people . 
  and i do n't mean rich . 
  `` they have more than me so they must 've stolen it . '', 
  is what most people here think . 
  personally , i love brass music . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  any idiot can buy them . 
  and they often do and let them go off at people walking by , damage private and public property , scare animals ... 
  they announce cultural events , planned power outages or water supply interruptions , changes important to locals , etc. 
  of course all that info is also available online and in the monthly printed town newspaper . 
  i think it 's fucking amazing , i have two speakers right above my house . 
  it 's something i 've grown up with , just like the monthly fire siren test . 
  it did n't even occur to me that this might not be common elsewhere . 
  we have them here in the czech republic and i believe they 're in slovakia too . 
  speakers placed across the town . 
  it is n't common but i heard about that building project from one of my sources . 
  johnny english is kinda special . 
  necessary evil . 
  although most czechs would agree our politicians keep increasing taxes on the wrong things . 
  it would be great if instead of those gimmicks like lower beer tax they would tax the rich or big corporations more . 
  that sounds so sinister . 
  i 'm always surprised when someone my age does n't even understand english . 
  not being able to speak it is n't that uncommon . 
  aww , for a second i wondered why i missed it . 
  i 'm sure even hitler was right about * something * . 
  most czech people probably think you all dress like [ this . 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_obg9helqhjw/ttzqyafebki/aaaaaaaaaau/wy9e1jj5atk/s1600/hula.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ included . 
  i noticed that most posts are downvoted to single digits , even if there are tens of comments and no arguments that might indicate why . 
  pil c ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkeztxfwwnw ) * [ vec - v\u0161etko bude ok ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjja8fgo48y ) * [ nerie\u0161 - minimal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdrnlgnl1pw ) slovakian rap is so much better imo . 
  not armless , deaf . 
  i still use credit so no monthly bills for me . 
  i spend maybe 8 $ every 3-4 months . 
  i barely use my phone for calling or texting . 
  mostly i 'm on wi-fi so there 's no need . 
   ( not including overseas territories ) that 's such a british thing to say . 
  i see . 
  well , let 's hope the word spreads . 
  but as you surely know , it 's hard to change an entire population 's opinion on something problematic - like bullfighting on your peninsula . 
  ok , good to know . 
  it seems you 're rather angry about it . 
  if i ever get a puppy i 'll think about it , but i 'm leaving my 15 year old girl alone , 
  i honestly did n't even know neutering dogs was so common in some countries until i read about it on reddit . 
  so i guess if my dog was neutered she would n't have these messy periods ? 
  because that actually sounds nice . 
  also , in czech the word for neutering is * kastrace * - castration - so the word itself makes people shiver . 
  it would be hard to convince czech people to castrate their dogs because it sounds like a drastic procedure . 
  also , most veterinaries would probably be opposed to just neutering a healthy animal . 
  every question spoken in german without asking if i speak the language is a stupid one . 
  no , just because i live 20 km from the border with you fuckers does n't mean i understand your sprache . 
  why do n't you have some turkey ? 
  a language spoken by natives . 
  if i 'm going to put an effort into trying to understand a language i 'll make sure it 's real . 
  most of the `` national '' foods are really not that great . 
  that 's not cool man, 
  i listen to it daily so it 's pretty popular . 
  somehow i find this comment really funny because my dad 's german collegue often comes to our house unannounced and since dad 's the only person in the household who can speak german it results in a lot of pantomime . 
  i learned that at school but today i do n't remember much of it . 
  there 's a lot of random yelling when some of the competitions happen so i guess it 's at least a little bit popular . 
  i can only stomach corona . 
  it 's always great to hear from russians who can see past the government propaganda . 
  not even close but hey , you 're on reddit . 
  no group here is representative of the majority . 
  unless it 's a steak . 
  i studied electrical engineering and i would consider your cooker a fire hazard . 
  better have it checked by someone . 
  i think the exception might be me because i 'm really bad at guessing the distance . 
  i remember when i was in high school and people would ask me how far away i live i 'd tell them 3 and a half hour by train . 
  now try to work with that if you travel by car lol . 
  roma people . 
  the reason why they have n't integrated into society is because we keep doing everything we can to keep them segregated . 
  if you 're born in the ghetto , go to a `` special school '' and as an adult ca n't find housing outside the ghetto due to your race , it 's really hard to integrate . 
   people will tell you how far away something is not in km , but in hours drive . 
  i do n't live in canada but i do this too . 
  it 's because i usually do n't know the distance but i know how long it took to get there last time . 
  sweden , but ai n't no place like home i guess ... 
  oh , that 's definitely the way i meant it . 
  concussion and all that . 
  i do n't have any friends so i listen to music . 
  music is my friend . 
  a ` gypsy problem ' is always just plain old racism on white people 's part . 
  they do , except people outside prague actually live in mud huts . 
  if they did n't know about it before ... 
  looooool, 
  a scared little bitch like me ai n't fighting in no war . 
  i am w o k e 24/7, 
  when we were occupied by nazi germany everyone just kinda sat on their ass as the ww2 was happening all around us . 
  a bit simplified mind you but pretty accurate . 
  there 's something about hitler documentaries that makes them suitable for every occasion . 
  i swear that any time of the day at least one tv station is broadcasting a hitler documentary . 
  our president is also a disgrace but he 's not all over the news . 
  it 's usually a mix of refugee panic , eu hate , political scandals and broken justice system . 
  actor .
