as much as i appreciate my fellow citizens for doing this , there 's no hope for this fucked up country . 
   alien bacteria nice . 
  i want to have the immigrants here , i like them . 
  is n't it a good thing they 're helping those people ? 
  actually you can . 
  they are mostly refugees , and only refugees are let in . 
  that is a fact . 
  you are bullshiting and have nothing to support your claim . 
  [ source ] ( http://unhcr.org/5592bd059.html ), 
  yeah , they are trying to get us !, 
  it 's all part of an elaborate plan to exterminate all the good white people and replace them with those evil blacks and arabs !, 
  i feel sorry for them , they must be so scared . 
  it must be terrible to escape from a violence-ridden country to be met with more hate from the people who were your last chance . 
  with this logic , we should n't be afraid of isis either , which i agree with . 
  ugh , `` judeo-christian culture '' . 
  we 're not a single country goddammit . 
  i like it too , i hope it becomes more widespread . 
  good . 
  i think you might be the first person to ever think of that . 
  all hail kim !, 
  she 's the best !, 
  it 's a heartwarming speech , i wish we could have a leader similar to her . 
  treat people like animals , they will behave like animals . 
  i am . 
  the attitudes of my countrymen are atrocious . 
  we can only wish . 
  they are afraid of this racist country . 
  i would leave too if i was in their position . 
  i support this message . 
  your country is led by . 
   group of beggers oh god , that scum dared to beg ? 
  what kind of a sick fuck would do that ? 
  shoot them before it 's too late . 
  it is . 
  non-white europe . 
  yes , that is what i 'm saying . 
  when i drive , odds are someone else is going to kill me . 
  do i demand them to be screened by security officials ? 
  the odds are still in favor of the innocents . 
  i 'll take that risk . 
  the innocents are worth saving . 
  i do n't see them as potential criminals . 
  i see them as human beings . 
  that is hypocritical . 
  none of the refugees should be treated this way . 
  so what ? 
  they are people like everybody else . 
  that 's so ridiculous . 
  i bet the same people offended by shirtless old dudes are the ones offended by breastfeeding mothers . 
  eu is not going anywhere . 
  wait , that is a good thing . 
  the shitty thing would be to release the photo of the shooter , glorifying him in the process . 
  well ... considering the attacker 's motive , i would n't say so . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  registered partnership is nothing . 
  it 's literally insulting . 
  we have it here in the czech republic and it was barely passed the second time and even the president vetoed it . 
  it has no value . 
  the country 's rating obviously reflects this fact . 
  there must be other legislation that puts romania higher . 
  about my previous comment - you make an assumption about how the majority of gay people in a country feel . 
  you are spreading a dangerous idea that everything is alright and that we have nothing to complain about . 
  legislation is the result of societal values and belief systems . 
  if it was n't there would be massive backlash . 
  polititians would n't dare to try to pass something the majority does n't want . 
  see gay rights in the lovely czech republic . 
  barely got registered partnership ( under the condition we wo n't want more in the future ) . 
  i bet you know nothing about how 99 % of gay people are actually treated . 
  people like you are the ones slowing down important legislation . 
  `` they have enough rights !, 
  we are n't stoning them , how could they want more ? '', 
  me too , i always saw italy as a pretty gay place but the criteria seem legit . 
  see , prague ? 
  european capitols do n't have to look like shit . 
  i originally did n't want to include the second part , but there is always the possibility of some smartass pointing towards the us as a whole and i did n't want that to happen , so i semi-jokingly included the second part . 
  you ever notice how the death penalty is usually legal in the most backwards places in the world ? 
  like belarus or texas . 
  yeah , i 'd rather see christianity replaced by islam . 
  you 're only half right . 
  yep , just look at this whole thread . 
  wrong , it is n't about a right to own firearms . 
  lol and some of us still do n't want to admit we 're still mentally in eastern europe . 
  it must 've been terrible . 
  you 're sitting in your kgb office , look out of the window and suddenly the wall is falling . 
  that sinking feeling when you know you just lost your job . 
  i do n't see how it does n't . 
  smart people do n't use the internet because even if you think you 're not revealing anything you 're actually revealing a ton, 
  huh , it kinda reminds me of something from europa universalis . 
  my favorite activity . 
  what is that abomination in your flair ? 
   czech language sounds kawaii to poles ; also i 've never heard about this, 
  or do n't bring people down for being happy ? 
  ffs, 
  no , they 're just putting us in camps . 
  it 's pretty accurate . 
  [ removed ], 
  no , not really . 
  i live close to the border with germany . 
  mcdonald 's . 
  the eastern and northern parts .
