  they can do without us if needed . 
  they 'll probably still buy our oil/gas , we 'll just not be able to sell or move anything else . 
  we 'll survive , but it 'll cause serious trouble at home for a long time . 
  this time we 're at odds with the eu over what 's covered by the agreement and not . 
  it 's part of it , but it 's mostly about security . 
  especially , considering the recent eurocopter crash in norway . 
  we have higher standards for offshore and a better track record . 
  we also consider the offshore sector outside of the eea agreement . 
   if norway can do it , everyone else can as well . 
  i 'm afraid you 're wrong , only the eea countries . 
  if you 're within the eu you have very little choice . 
  there 's also the other problem ; norway says the offshore sector is not covered by the eea agreement . 
  so we believe we can skip this because it does n't apply to us . 
   the eu can suspend parts of the eea agreement parts of * and * the entire agreement . 
  they just keep coming !, 
  it 's not even the unfit vehicles that 's the biggest problem ; it 's the inexperienced drivers from countries that have no snow or ice . 
  it does n't matter if you have a good truck if your tires are unsuited and your winter driving skills nonexistent . 
  we train our own people to drive on ice , winter and in the winter darkness . 
  norwegian weather changes rapidly !, 
  foreign truck drivers often have no idea what they 're in for . 
  especially in our mountainous country and its many valleys . 
  oslo , which is much bigger , is described by foreigners as `` a city that feels like a town '' . 
  well , it was just a way to highlight the ways we * clearly * do n't lag behind them . 
  we might have less child poverty and less youth unemployment , but who remembers those ? 
  or at least in the top 5-10 . 
  hmm , that 's not an accurate statement . 
  we 're the most democratic and the happiest country * in the world * [ according to such indexes ] . 
  this map shows data from a poll !, 
  we 're also one of the wealthiest and beat our neighbors easily there , 
   because nato is about defence it stopped being * just * that a while ago . 
  afghanistan being the prime example . 
  as trump said ; it 's no longer outdated [ because it fights terrorism ] . 
   the problem here is that virtually all countries in nato have failed to meet the 2 % rule for years . 
  that 's true , but it 's also just a number . 
  it does n't mean much . 
  the real question will be how much we all have to spend when we pool together . 
  nato is cooperation mechanism , what the eu is proposing is a commonly funded and equipped army . 
  that 's huge savings by comparison with today !, 
  we build and buy multiple competing systems in europe , when we just need one of each . 
  i fully agree , especially if purchasing is coordinated ; 1 fighter jet , 1 tank , 1 standard rifle , etc. 
  today , we have too many different systems . 
   an eu military if it is ever going to work would have to enforce the 2 % rile anyway to avoid being underfunded . 
  actually , that 's not the case , the 2 % goal is just a number . 
  however , if we join together we can reduce waste and parallel programs/purchases . 
  that will result in huge savings !, 
  as a turk you would know , 
  it 's natural to assume these are all local products , as we 're talking about the cheapest option . 
  however , it may vary from country to country , who knows ? 
  the legend says : `` chart shows cost of a 1 pint/500 ml beer at a neighborhood pub in the expat area of the city in 2017 '' . 
  it 's all about what they charge tourists for a standard beer . 
  it could be any beer , but it 's likely the cheapest , local alternative for most places . 
  at least that 's how i experienced the czech and norwegian prices in person . 
  you would pay a lot more than $ 9.90 for imported beer in norway . 
  these are * pub * prices . 
   there are rules in place that selling alcohol over 4.75 % can only be sold by a monopoly state owned company that 's the * retail * monopoly , the distribution to restaurants and pubs is completely different . 
  the bar prices are high because of salaries , fixed costs and taxes . 
   a lot of russian activity in germany seems to manifest itself through actions like in this yeah , i remember that story , their fake news about norway is pretty weak by comparison ; they claimed there was a `` lack of vegetables '' and that we could only buy two lettuce per consumer . 
  it was based on [ the more factual story from the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/tesco-uk-supermarkets-three-iceberg-lettuce-limit-vegetables-broccoli-spinnach-courgettes-morrisons-a7560571.html ), 
  yeah , i was n't sure anyone outside our countries would get it though , 
   i doubt there is much to gain for the russians from the german elections . 
  it has been verified that they 're active in germany . 
  merkel is the target . 
  - [ german spy chief warns russia cyber attacks aiming to influence elections ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-spy-chief-russian-cyber-attacks-russia-elections-influence-angela-merkel-putin-hans-georg-a7718006.html ) : '' ... his agency had detected and foiled repeated email phishing attacks directed at angela merkel 's conservative cdu/csu party , and other attempts targeting politicians and institutions . '', 
  - [ russian hacking looms over germany 's election ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/russian-influence-german-election-hacking-cyberattack-news-merkel-putin/ ) : `` the federal security agency had observed `` active measures '' from russia to influence public opinion '', 
   peasants with a weird dialect just like all the other norwegian peasants , 
  there 's nothing to be surprised about . 
  the corporations are more powerful in the us . 
  yes , i know they 're not new . 
  i 'm not sure they 're equal though . 
  with social media and the data we have available , it 's much more effective to target groups you want with varying messages . 
  we * have * freedom of speech , it varies from country to country . 
  the americans have theirs and it 's by no means perfect . 
   every authoritarian government limited free speech . 
  yes , but that does n't mean any/every limitation is repressive . 
   you 're only a few steps away from being full north korea . 
  slippery slopes are nasty , but we 've had limits on freedom of speech for a long time without it becoming a problem . 
  there 's no natural law that say it has to happen . 
  in fact my country is doing better than most countries in every respect . 
   it 's no secret that there 's a narrative in every news channel . 
  yes , but at least our public broadcasters are trying to be neutral . 
  our non-commercial `` pbs '' is financed directly by our taxes . 
  they 're often accused of being leftists , but that 's journalists for you . 
  all in all they 're not doing a bad job and are generally unbiased . 
  i say that as a conservative . 
  i do n't agree with the opposition , but i do n't consider them bad people or liars . 
  we 're quite civil about politics . 
   but this is n't freedom of speech like what we 're discussing . 
  it 's a similar but different topic to freedom of press and publishing fake news i respectfully have to disagree . 
  they 're linked due to our modern media landscape . 
  you ca n't have true freedom of speech if your expression is drowned by perfectly legal means ( fake news and other lies ) . 
  even worse when it 's intentionally misrepresented and made to seem illegitimate . 
  this is the conclusion of many notable people and institutions interested in the matter . 
   the constitution ... 
  it 's the reason behind the checks and balances of the three branches of government , and the bill of rights . 
  we have all of those as well , just to be clear . 
   the government should only have enough power to function , and not have the power to dictate our daily lives . 
  i 'm a conservative [ in my country ] and agree for the most part . 
  however , a state and government exists to interfere in your life . 
  through taxes , schools , roads , traffic laws , cps .
