  sweden was a colonial power of sorts in both finland and norway . 
  i usually look at the top , i think . 
  i do n't know if that 's because of my home or the fact that it 's distinct . 
  you really do n't know anything about our laws or history , do you ? 
   we have never been ` more allied ' than now . 
  eh , first trump 's stance , and now turkey . 
  no , we 've never been * less * allied as allies . 
   if the legislative body missed to create a rule for something , there might be no ruling at all ( well , the courts are , in most cases ( apart from criminal law ) to use juristic methods to fill unintentional voids ) . 
  this is the biggest difference between scandinavian law and continental law . 
  we apply analogy from other laws , and look at the legislators ' written intentions ( preparatory works ) . 
  in what regard ? 
  if we 're an entirely separate family is not always agreed upon , we certainly have our ties german law . 
  the most cited central difference is the lack in nordic law of large , systematically constructed private law codifications . 
  there are no general civil codes in the nordic countries . 
  we have uncodified customary law . 
  - the use of all embracing legal principles plays a more limited role in nordic law . 
  instead , analogies are frequently used from available legislation . 
  - legal problems which are not covered by a specific statutory provision are often solved by applying by analogy principles expressed in the statutes or by supplementing case law . 
  in the uncodified or only insufficiently codified areas legal doctrine plays an important role . 
  a special feature of nordic legislation is the importance normally attached to the preparatory legislative material ( * traveaux pr\u00e9paratoires * ) to major statutes . 
  - the preparatory legislative material , primarily the government bills to parliament proposing the legislation , often contain detailed explanations of the way the different provisions within the proposed statute are to be understood and interpreted . 
  as you would expect , it looks quite german with some french flair . 
   eh ... not sure having a very low score is good there when you look at the points taken into account : yeah , denmark ( # 3 ) , norway ( # 6 ) , sweden ( # 9 ) are known for being inhuman labor camps with polluted wastelands . 
  oh , wait , no - we 're the opposite . 
  high tax , high salaries , cradle-to-grave welfare states , green energy sources and very clean natural environments . 
   at least in sweden it is figurative hell to fire employees . 
  probably quite literally as well , after all who likes causing pain , problems and anguish for other humans ? 
  who likes that on their conscience ? 
  no , i 'm afraid firing people is literally hellish for everyone involved , unless they 're truly terrible people ( on either side ) . 
  never mind the meetings , paperwork and court appointments ( where applicable ) !, 
   shame that there is only one european country in the top 5 , we should aim to dominate this list . 
  i would say we 're doing pretty well though ( up north ) . 
  these lists are n't really that important , it 's what we actually get out of our policies that count . 
  a theoretical point ahead or behind someone does n't mean much to an investor or people with ideas . 
  that 's not ease of doing business , that 's tax evasion . 
  bah , your childhood means nothing to me !, 
  i remember hearing there was some sort of agreement in the past between the nordic countries to not make any such claims . 
  i guess the finns needed those jobs more than us . 
  it has nothing to do with the myth !, 
  santa does n't live in lapland . 
  he 's from dutch stories . 
  what is it you 're linking this to ? 
  we have reindeer all over scandinavia . 
  as for `` lapland '' , you realize it 's actually sami-land , right ? 
  lapland is a province , but also the greater region ( s\u00e1pmi ) which includes all of nordic countries . 
  nothing about santa or christmas makes me think sami or finland ( or denmark , norway or sweden for that matter ) . 
  yeah , what does finland have to do with santa claus !? 
  the north pole is the only acceptable home . 
  the dutch gave us * sinterklaas * and the original saint lived in turkey . 
  no , not for ships , just tiny barges . 
  i like the bars on the left !, 
  oh , you !, 
  they 'll * deporte * your footballers any day , 
  yeah ? 
  you guys got yours though , but i guess the price is easier to swallow when it 's home made ( or you were obligated to ) . 
  i guess you were strapped for sense at the time , 
  i really wonder why we turned it down though . 
  have you seen [ sweden 's archer system ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw2ygmxullc ), 
   ca n't be insolvent did you mean solvent ? 
   the us is a struggle between what powerful interests want , and what people want , and i think you do understand that . 
   its a bad thing when what the government and its allies want , and what the people want , diverge so strongly . 
  yep , it 's a real shame anywhere it happens . 
   no , its because they are probably the largest counterfeiters of us currency . 
  yeah , i know , but it was just a funny example  the us currency 's value is supported by a strong economy . 
  that trade deficit would n't be possible without china 's undervalued currency and their part in the game . 
  hehe , yeah , it is sort of funny . 
   our media does not reflect us as a country . 
  the recent election should have demonstrated that to everyone . 
  yes , that 's a good point , but they do cover many trends and stories from your country . 
  i did n't mean to imply i know all about the us or americans in general based on that alone . 
  just that i do follow your country 's politics , news and culture better than most . 
  my friends , family and co-workers in the us also give me some interesting insights and background . 
  i probably know rural north dakota and parts of california better than you  interestingly , my local norwegian newspaper traveled around the us before the election , they covered rural american voters far better than your own media . 
  based on that it was pretty clear who would win . 
   suffice to say , the world is changing . 
  the us is moving closer to energy independance , and oil was the primary driver for its worldwide reach ( after the fall of the soviet union , of course . ), 
  yeah , i agree that was part of it , but today it 's more about trade and power . 
  the us stands to lose a great deal by pulling back , so i doubt that will happen . 
  the us currency is n't used by north korea because they love you obviously , it 's because of the value , trust and standing the us has . 
  us business interests are global and a great share of your income comes from abroad . 
  see everything from apple to google . 
  us policy is n't written by starbucks , but you do have powerful lobbies pulling strings . 
  and his father claimed he 's `` not a terrorist '' ? 
  yes , i 'm well aware of what goes on in the us . 
  i subscribe to us newspapers and read them daily ( online ) . 
  i have family over there and american friends here . 
  i 've previously worked for american corporations , i currently have customers and coworkers there . 
   i do n't know if you are aware how much sentiment in the us there is to bring most of the troops home . 
  from the right and the left . 
  it 's fairly typical of the us , the trend towards isolationism comes and goes . 
  it 's just not credible that the us would do so . 
  the us has strategic goals and needs to be able to project power in asia , the middle east , africa and europe . 
  it 's not about protecting the world , it 's protecting america interests directly and indirectly . 
   should be in a neutral place but they still should n't refuse to vote if it ca n't be helped . 
  i fully agree , but i do n't know the alternatives for that location . 
   when did nato become the military arm of the un ? 
  when it suits us and our goals ? 
  our operations in libya , mali , and afghanistan for example were all sanctioned by the un . 
  we would have taken part no matter what , but it suits us to have the stamp of approval .
