  it 's just not the deciding factor for the kinds of jobs we need filled [ in our armed forces ] today . 
  women are fully capable of working as technicians , pilots , drivers , etc. 
  in combat i would wager we 'll still see mostly men , but just like your wwii example they 'll also operate equipment/weapons . 
  frontline troops will probably still be mostly men in the future , unless the enemy 's lawless like is . 
  at which point we 're back to the equation of number of men available versus demand . 
  i guess i just rehashed exactly what you said , so at least you know i agree with you   i suppose all i 'm really against is some law require a 50/50 male/female split in combat soldiers the name of equality to avoid hurting women 's feelings . 
  and i ca n't imagine anyone wanting that because it would weaken the military overall . 
  yes , now that would be going too far . 
  frankly , it would be stupid , 
  yes , all good and valid points , but my point was rather that they are able to fight in general , 
   it just seems like some people want to send their grandma to war in the name of `` equality '' without realizing that will result in a lost war . 
  what kind of war matters a lot though , female tank drivers or jet pilots ca n't be too negative for the over-all war effort ? 
  it 's not like we 're fighting like we used to during wwii . 
   on an average male population outperforms physically the female population that 's sort of the problem as well . 
  the lower average male could be outperformed by the highest rated female in some respects . 
  yes , it 's that way today in practice . 
  it used to be general , but the needs have changed . 
  today , they want better quality , more motivated and long-term recruits for highly specialized roles ( more advanced weaponry etc ) . 
  there 's a limited need for g.i. 
  's , we 'll never match russia 's numbers for example . 
  it used to be . 
  i hear you have some trouble in denmark and copenhagen in particular with immigrant neighborhoods . 
  up here we 've avoided that kind of trouble ( gangs , ghettos and conflicts ) . 
  i suppose it helps that our police has plenty of women , and many citizens of non-european background . 
  they 're just ordinary cops as far as most people are concerned . 
  it 's sold much the same way . 
  here 's a more modern video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h26uikqzdya, 
  hmm , i wonder what we do now , but i know our recruits go through some quite demanding tests . 
  i was talking to a young female relative about this the other day ; she wanted to join up and serve as a form of `` preparation '' before she applies to the police academy . 
  thanks , that was interesting to read . 
  that was n't exactly clear or conclusive evidence , but i can see why they would want to push it through !, 
  politics everywhere . 
   women are shit at war . 
  if you do n't mind me bringing up your previous statements i 'd like to point out that they 're hardly `` shit at war '' or at least modern war . 
  while they 're on average weaker , there are plenty of weak men out there as well . 
  in any modern army , you need more than front line troops , there 's tons of equipment and other roles that are vital . 
  women are very capable of working in those positions where you would otherwise have to accept less qualified males . 
   however currently these laws have only been applied in areas such as boards where men are the majority of applicants , i believe that 's also slightly misunderstood . 
  at least in my country the law only applies to major corporations that are listed . 
  it does n't apply to your average business . 
  at that scale it 's often useful to get talent from outside , but i 'm not sure gender should matter . 
   it 's the men that start these companies , take the huge risks , own the companies , run the companies , this is generally true , but also written in a way that makes it seem as if no women do this . 
   the majority of the possible people that could be on a board . 
  this is clearly not the case , at least in my country , women are equally or even better educated , have useful experiences from their industries and can bring some useful perspectives to a business , according to research . 
  apparently , women do n't * just * want pink products , they have other interests as well , hehe . 
   the next group of volunteers will share sleeping quarters at the army base . 
  ah , yes , the female soldiers say it works great , as they become part of the unit . 
   conscription is still mandatory for men though , but as long as volunteers exceed the numbers needed it is technically abolished . 
  does that mean you get volunteers or enough people respond to the summons ? 
  we introduced conscription for women recently without the need for a lawsuit , 
   sharing a border with russia certainly seems to give one a sense of reality . 
  norway shares a border with russia and we co-founded nato . 
  we recently expanded conscription to apply to * both * men and women . 
  it was widely supported by the population and every political party . 
  women were positive in general , at least in the news media . 
   because women in general are absolutely useless in field conditions . 
  i 'm not sure you 've any grounds for that conclusion ? 
  here are two counter-examples : - during wwii soviet women were well known for being excellent snipers , flew bombers and fighters , etc. 
  - [ the peshmerga have plenty of women ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/angels-death-isis-savages-fear-6275913 ) fighting daesh today . 
   but gender quotas force 40 % of the chosen applicants to be women i wonder if you 've possibly misunderstood ? 
  my country introduced that infamous 40 % quota law for corporate boards . 
  other nations copied it . 
  the rule is 40 % of * either * gender ; any board with 70 % women would have to adjust their composition to at least 40 % men . 
   and since women were allowed to participate in ranger school not a single one passed . 
  you do n't follow the news closely enough : http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/08/21/433482186/first-female-soldiers-graduate-from-army-ranger-school, 
  yes , but the point was rather that it 's tax money . 
  we 're saving our oil & gas revenue , so it 's not beyond other countries . 
   also what 's to stop them from going back ? 
  you really do n't get it ? 
  flights . 
  passports . 
  i just explained how pakistan stops them from even leaving the plane . 
   exactly why is it greece 's problem that pakistan wo n't take back it 's citizens ? 
  because they ca n't send more ? 
  the airlines wo n't do it . 
   and why in the world would these so called `` refugees '' leave if they know that in the long term they 're only gaining by staying in norway they 're not gaining anything since they 're literally cut off from financial and housing support . 
  try living on the streets without an income or the possibility of working . 
   also what 's to stop them from going back ? 
  distances and costs i suppose , but other than that nothing . 
  they do get locked up as they break our domestic laws by returning . 
   it 's exactly the same scenario as with the gypsies in france . 
  the romanians are eu citizens at least and they have a land border . 
  the romanian gov ' t is at least cooperative or to a degree . 
  romania recently signed a prisoner exchange program with norway . 
  we want to deport their criminal citizens back home to serve in their prisons . 
  it has n't happened yet as far as i know . 
  we paid handsomely for that agreement . 
  you 're ignorant of the realities behind the offer . 
  countries like morocco wo n't even accept their own citizens back !, 
  there 's a flight stuck in pakistan with deported illegals from greece . 
  pakistan says greece ca n't deport them since they were n't treated nicely enough !, 
  making them leave of their own volition is the key !, 
  you meant as european as turkey , right ? 
  the oil money is invested abroad and ca n't be used ... 
  that 's not surprising , they were flocking to sweden 's free for all . 
  we did n't have an open door policy , so few continued to norway , 
  they were n't legal refugees though . 
  once you 're in the dublin system further applications are invalid though , 
  it 's not that easy to get here though . 
  it 's not swedes that are requesting the money after all .
