   similarly how people who talk about immigrants not being problem are usually the one who live in secured walled off apartaments not working in low wage industries to feel effect of immigration on their own skin now , that escalated quickly !, 
  yes , i do , but does that change the fact that poor people breathe the same air i do ? 
  they have less access to healthcare and education . 
  that 's a poor excuse for not improving the climate for everyone !, 
  if you 're canadian the odds are good that you live in a big city with similar problems , right ? 
  the smog created by cars is a very real and serious health hazard . 
  the capital of norway , oslo , is not a big city and has little industrial pollution , but during the cold \\* winter days traffic causes serious air pollution problems ( \\* colder , less windy weather ) . 
  i imagine it could be quite similar in canada ? 
   so a minority will learn european languages to reach european markets i do n't think my example was clear enough . 
  if europe started using spanish as our * lingua franca * , it would affect other countries pretty quickly . 
  especially those nearby or with strong trade relationships . 
  it would spread beyond the nearest countries soon afterwards . 
   english is used between countries that are outside of europe itself . 
  yes , of course , that would continue , but if and where the economic/cultural power balance changed , depending on your country 's relationships , increasingly over time other languages could be taught and used . 
  russian was dominant in eastern europe , french was dominant in europe in the past , etc. 
  yeah , it may also be that i have n't been around enough finns or in finland , 
   too hypothetical the switch from russian to english in eastern europe is indicative in my opinion . 
  if europe is the market they 're trying to reach , they 'll learn whatever is required . 
  the market forces would do the work , not some european `` dictate '' . 
  i think rwanda is an interesting example , they literally chose to switch from french to english . 
  they even joined the commonwealth despite being a former belgian colony . 
  please , note that i 'm not saying it 's because of europe , but it was done both to advance/develop - and to a much lesser degree to oppose french influence . 
   even the uk has an influence way higher than other european countries . 
  even music superpowers like sweden produces a lot more english speaking content than swedish . 
  no , he/she did n't , we 're talking about [ the ] swedish spoken in finland . 
   i 've heard it called nordiska in the context of nordic co-operation i must say i 've never heard anyone talk about `` nordiska '' , probably because it does n't entirely make sense ? 
  the language itself is n't nordic , the people * using * it may be   but ( a section of ) finns speak fenno-swedish yes , but fenno-swedish is swedish , which means it 's a scandinavian language ( family-wise ) . 
  it 's just used by people from a nordic country . 
  i have and work ( ed ) with other scandinavians/nordics in various companies . 
  we usually get along just fine and it only takes a short while for newcomers that are unaccustomed to the language mix to acclimatize . 
  when we on-board swedes for example , we use a few extra words in swedish to make things clear . 
  false friends are rarely problematic , but we 're aware of the important distinctions . 
  keywords : - * rar * ( norwegian ) ; `` odd '' , `` sweet '' in swedish - * b\u00e4rs * ( swedish ) , slang for beer , literally `` shit '' in norwegian - * anledning * ( norwegian ) ; `` opportunity '' , `` cause/reason '' in swedish using `` anledning '' wrong may seem like an insult to swedes , while it 's a practical explanation for norwegians . 
  asking for `` b\u00e4rs '' at the bar will not get you anything . 
  i 'm not saying you 're sweet !, 
  outside of scandinavia , the icelandic and faroese people learn danish in school , and may find norwegian/danish understandable . 
  this varies greatly in my experience with both is & fo . 
  west coast norwegian is potentially easier , according to some . 
  finns who * only * speak finnish have to speak english . 
  while swedish speaking finns , a minority in finland , could use swedish . 
  scandinavians speak * their own * language when talking with other scandinavians ( denmark , norway and sweden ) . 
  in general swedes speak swedish with norwegians and vice versa . 
  - danes and swedes understand each other to a lesser degree ( written  spoken ) - norwegians understand both danish and swedish well - while swedes and danes understand norwegian better than they do each other 's language , according to the nordic council 's research . 
  younger people in sweden/denmark may struggle more and use english instead . 
  some individuals are entirely unaccustomed to hearing scandinavian languages . 
  english is obviously useful , but op wants to know what * other * languages are used . 
  i do n't speak english with my `` neighbors '' from sweden for example . 
  no , `` skandinavisk '' is more like it !, 
  we do n't speak finnish ( non-scandinavian language ) in denmark , norway or sweden \\* . 
  \\* in general , but with exceptions for sweden, 
   good for them , nato 's useless for many countries anyway . 
  i 'm not sure we see eye to eye on that point . 
  we all border russia , it 's useful to have a deterrent ( i.e. 
  they have pre-stored vehicles/materials here and like most nato members take part in our annual winter exercises . 
  sweden and finland are nato partners though . 
  they even had a secret pact with nato during the cold war regardless of their membership . 
   why the heck would you join an eu battlegroup ? 
  switzerland and iceland have n't done that . 
  i see you 're getting the picture now . 
  we 're worried that our european partners will increasingly cooperate on the eu level , and secondly as part of nato . 
  sweden and finland are our neighbors and they 're * not * in nato . 
  iceland does n't have armed forces . 
  their citizens are however legally allowed to serve in norway 's armed forces by treaty . 
  we even recruit in icelandic schools . 
  we take turns watching over iceland 's air space within nato . 
   well you do n't have to militarily defend eu members , the [ nordic battlegroup \\ ( nbg \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battlegroup ) is one of eighteen european union battlegroups . 
  it consists of around 2,500 soldiers including officers , with manpower contributed from the seven participating countries ( sweden , finland , ** norway ** , ireland , estonia , latvia and lithuania ) . 
   impose sanctions on those they impose sanctions upon etc. 
  we have the same sanctions , based on the eu 's measures . 
  we had little choice in this matter . 
  we 're also nato members . 
   azerbaijan is considered european ? 
  they 're more turkic so i would n't really count them in  what ? 
  you do n't like turkic peoples ? 
  that 's very `` surprising '' , i wonder why ? 
  you 're the one who failed  hehe , if you think the eea is anything other than the eu-without-rights-and-all-the-laws , you 're wrong :( to quote the brits : `` pay !, 
  no say ! '', 
   my bad about armenia . 
  kosovo 's statehood is illegitimate so i do n't include them . 
  heck , you forgot about azerbaijan !, 
  i think i 'm coming round to your way of thinking . 
   it 's not practical to have only latin language colleagues together and germanic language colleagues together a yes , i saw that problem myself . 
  it 's not impossible that another language could become more dominant in the future . 
  it has happened before . 
  german or french for example . 
   you also still need a common language to discuss things with other groups within the commission . 
  i 'm not sure it has to end though , if they go through with it , english could just be the internal working language ? 
  i 'm not sure why they would n't want to publish the english documents as well then , but i guess it would n't be a legal version . 
  no worries , 
   it would be counter productive to have a bunch of translators when everyone a able to speak english . 
  i disagree for good reasons ; accuracy . 
  casual conversations and writing agreements/laws have different requirements . 
  i think you missed my numerous edits . 
   you still need a shared language , and by far the most common one is english . 
  yes , but i would n't need anything translated to english . 
  it 's all there in danish , swedish , german and english . 
  languages we learn in school or are familiar with for other reasons . 
  it does n't work as well for other countries i know , but the dutch often understand german fairly well etc. 
  the italians , french and spanish often learn each other 's languages from what i understand . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong about the need for a common working language , but that 's not the same as the documents themselves .
