  i would rather invest in the countries in question first , then decades later let them become members . 
  you do n't have to flood your/our labor markets to get started . 
   there 's only so many kosovars that will make the trip out of a population of around 1.8 million , though you 're missing the point though . 
  there are lots of people in the mentioned countries willing and eager to leave for eu member states . 
  a fact you rather seemed to dismiss in previous comments . 
   we 're improving and it wo n't be long until we 're going to be net contributors . 
  if things go well , that is . 
   we would need to invest enormous amounts of money !, 
    depends on how much the member states agree to spend on structural funds when the next eu budget is negotiated . 
  that 's just it , they ca n't possibly afford do it overnight . 
  it will take decades to raise their level of living . 
   while most of their able-bodied workers would leave for other european countries immediately . 
    this may have largely happened already in the past 20 years or so . 
  that is clearly not the case . 
  just look at the kosovan `` asylum '' seekers in germany . 
   for the rest it just does n't seem like such a big problem to me . 
  that 's great , since you 'll be paying for it , 
  now , that might have been a bit unclear . 
  i meant you were next to be able to move freely . 
  migration is a touchy subject here . 
  you could technically easily outnumber the poles in norway , we 're not talking millions [ of poles ] after all . 
   if i remember correctly kosovos hdi is higher than all its neighbours i had to look it up , but it 's actually true : country | hdi -- | -- kosovo ( calculated ) | 0.786 serbia | 0.771 turkey | 0.761 macedonia | 0.747 bosnia | 0.733 albania | 0.733 moldova | 0.693, 
  i think that 's a slightly crazy suggestion . 
  we 're talking about some of the poorest and least developed countries in europe . 
  war-torn , ethnically split `` countries '' like bosnia ? 
  we would need to invest enormous amounts of money !, 
  while most of their able-bodied workers would leave for other european countries immediately . 
  in the long run it 's probably profitable , but i do n't see how europe at the present can afford it . 
  i consider france a victim of systemic problems . 
  you lack the ability to reform and you desperately need to . 
  your economy and labor markets are unable to solve the unemployment and integration problems . 
  unemployment remains stuck above 10 percent . 
  i might have mentioned italy 's problems , but it does n't matter as long as its europe 's problems . 
  we 're all in this together in the end . 
  i see you 've done your research , but you realize norway is in the eea , right ? 
  we 're part of the eu 's inner market and schengen . 
  we pay the eu generously for that and give it to eu members . 
  the four freedoms apply here ; the free movement of goods , capital , services , and people . 
  eu citizens are free to live and work in norway and they do in the thousands . 
  poles are the biggest minority in norway today . 
  albanians could be next ... our lack of membership is a mere formality . 
  we 're required to implement eu legislation , but we do n't get to vote . 
  more importantly 80 % of our exports goes to the eu ( including the uk ) . 
  europe is our biggest market and we 're right to worry about our neighbors and customer 's stability . 
  i 'm not saying you 're doing badly , but we 're all dependent on our neighbors . 
  when germany does badly , so does europe . 
  that 's why i also mentioned france in addition to bulgaria . 
  we have structural problems and employment challenges . 
  they extend from france , spain , italy to greece , bulgaria etc. 
  i worked with my former employer 's romanian division ( tech ) for a couple of years . 
  i 'm not dismissing you by any means , 
  enough jobs . 
  i said * enough * jobs . 
  reforms are nice , but they wo n't create [ enough ] jobs . 
  bulgaria , romania , france and other countries , are * existing * challenges they have yet to solve . 
  i wish they could reform away poverty and systemic problems ( corruption , infrastructure problems ) . 
  yes , as they will have to be . 
  i have nothing against albania or its people , i wish everyone fair and decent lives , but they will have to wait for quite some time . 
  through * no * fault of their own , i should point out , rather the eu 's present and future challenges . 
  they 're not even the first in line . 
  the eu can only handle so much expansion within a century . 
  `` soon '', 
  ironically , some of the british pensioners living there voted for brexit . 
  they did n't like all of those immigrants ( quote ) . 
  i believe it was an article in the guardian . 
  some of their [ constitutional ] lawyers say that parliament must vote on it , in order for the pm to be constitutionally able to trigger article 50 . 
  they may hold a general election before that which effectively would be a referendum . 
  regardless , the referendum was n't binding . 
   free movement really just favors eastern europe while there are more eastern europeans moving around to where there are jobs , we 're all benefiting from it . 
  there are quite a few other europeans moving around europe as well ; from greeks and spaniards in london , to italians and poles in germany . 
  our economies benefit greatly from the free movement of labor . 
   they are only in favor of free movement if nobody is moving to their country you ca n't compare migrants from the middle east/asia with [ other ] europeans . 
  one group literally represents a burden , the other is supposed to be workers . 
  european citizens * do n't * have an absolute right to stay in other member states : [ article 21 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/move-live/index_en.htm ) : `` every citizen of the union shall have the right to move and reside freely within the territory of the member states , subject to the * limitations and conditions * laid down in the treaties and by the measures adopted to give them effect . '', 
  limitations such as : - to reside in another eu country for more than three months , eu citizens are required to meet certain conditions depending on their status ( i.e. 
  worker , student , etc. ), 
  and may also be required to meet certain administrative formalities ; - persons exercising their right of residence should not , however , become an unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host member state during an initial period of residence . 
  therefore , the right of residence for union citizens and their family members for periods in excess of three months should be subject to conditions . 
   more tariffs and tolls . 
  fixed tariffs . 
  developed countries have `` [ bound ] ( https://www.wto.org/english/thewto_e/whatis_e/tif_e/agrm2_e.htm ) '' tariff rates on 99 % of product lines . 
  all agricultural products are bound . 
  countries can break a commitment ( i.e. 
  raise a tariff above the bound rate ) , but only with difficulty . 
   plenty of nations outside of the eu sell in that market just fine without that special access . 
  name one that you think fits your description . 
  the us , canada , turkey , brazil , china ? 
   they just do n't get the advantages of being in the eea considering that 's exactly what they want ... 
  eh , yeah , it does n't really matter which way we put that . 
  it 's the same ( a | b ) or ( b | a ) . 
  the uk is very interested in financial services , norway wants to protect agri/fisheries etc. 
  it does n't have to be . 
  norway does n't want anything to jeopardize the eea agreement we have with the eu . 
  it 's in our own interest . 
  the uk and norway do n't have the same challenges or interests . 
   iceland is also an eea member and has stated it was `` considering '' an fta with the uk , and would propose it to the efta . 
  norway is the biggest country in efta by a large margin . 
  iceland is small fry by comparison . 
  we 're not sure we want a bigger fish in our little pond ... 
  no , but norway `` controls '' efta , which has the eea agreement with the eu .
