  the only other viable option for now that gives access to the eu 's inner market . 
   we 're in bed with the eu ~ ~ and are steering towards joining it ~ ~ . 
  we do n't want anyone to disturb that deal , is more like it . 
  exactly !, 
  the uk has other priorities than norway . 
  eh , the uk can get access to the eu 's market by joining norway 's efta ( eea ) ... but not without our agreement !, 
   if the americans ( la ) had protected new orleans , it would n't have flooded . 
  ftfy, 
  you just won this thread . 
  that wo n't get them access to the european markets they crave . 
  or are you comparing us states ' competition ? 
  yes , indeed . 
   i hope we just go with the eea option you certainly wo n't get into efta again easily !, 
  here in norway we 're already talking about the consequences if we were to let you join . 
  it 's probably not in our interest due to your size and different interests . 
  yeah , it was though on finland , but i would n't dismiss our investment either . 
  there 's a reason we rationed foreign currency for decades after the war . 
   norway for example was one of the poorest countries in europe durring the inter-wars period of 1920 's and 1930 's . 
  could you provide a source for that ? 
  while i agree we suffered during the wars and trade losses had its effects , our gdp seems to have developed . 
  here is [ a chart of norway 's historical gdp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7rlp0an.png ) [ source ] ( http://www.norges-bank.no/en/published/papers/occasional-papers/35-historical-monetary-statistics-for-norway-18192003/ ), 
   norway didnt do any of that . 
  we just had to rebuild the country ... half was burnt to the ground by the germans . 
   this includes east asia as a whole are you sure you meant just east asia ? 
  that 's a very specific subregion ? 
   asia there were plenty of other colonial powers in that region . 
  france still controls a vast area of the pacific . 
  indonesia and others were dutch colonies . 
  it seems strange to disregard them entirely . 
    a majority of the countries in the world have deeper relations with anglo-saxon than non-english speaking european countries  chinese have very little to do with the anglo-saxon world you realize i 'm talking about their * cultural * relationships ? 
  they have none of the historical ties * you * talked about . 
  trade-wise they trade with literally anyone . 
  i wonder what your thoughts are regarding spanish speaking latin america , portuguese speaking places like brazil and african countries , french speaking africa ? 
  they certainly have deeper ties to the non-anglo-saxon european countries !, 
  your majority does n't look like a clear majority to me . 
   im portuguese i live in lisbon . 
  ok , your examples just do n't fit my world . 
   the public transport is to expensive or doesnt serve that area even the most desolate and remote part of my country will have regular , affordable public transport services . 
  usually run by the municipality or more often by the region [ for economies of scale ] . 
   why not tax the people who have multiple cars , more on their second and third cars ? 
  is this a problem in your part of the world ? 
  i 've been to lisbon and it seems like a nice city . 
  in my country a regular family has maybe two cars if they need it . 
  taxing the second car would only be an extra burden , since they often work in different cities or parts of . 
  evs get/got to drive in the collective traffic lane here , so people buy them to get out of the queues . 
  the carrot approach works well . 
  in the bigger cities here they rarely need more than one , because public transport is so frequent and widely available . 
  the most effective solution probably includes a mix of taxes , benefits and different measures for both rich and less wealthy citizens . 
   a majority of the countries in the world have deeper relations with anglo-saxon than non-english speaking european countries my you have a strange view of the world . 
  germany is europe 's top exporter ... 
  they out-exported the us last year . 
  china is their biggest market and the chinese have very little to do with the anglo-saxon world . 
  trade is more important than any historical ties . 
   i do speak some german whit the germans yeah , that 's probably what op wanted to know . 
  dutch ? 
   the public transport is to expensive or doesnt serve that area , your probably going to loose your job . 
  where exactly are you from ? 
   why not tax the people who have multiple cars , more on their second and third cars ? 
  you 're not european , right ? 
   not in norway . 
  please , note that i 'm talking about the greater world as well . 
  you 're the one that mentioned norway . 
   even the poorest people have the same access to public healthcare and education as you . 
  no , i think you 're either being disingenuous or entirely too optimistic . 
  even in norway they 're the least likely to * use * public healthcare , the public system with its queues and capacity problems . 
  some of them have so little that even the fees are expensive . 
  did you know that air pollution is related to performance issues in education ? 
  poor people are already less likely to succeed in schools . 
  as for education access , we have plenty of private schools here . 
  bi springs to mind . 
  they 're not as affordable to everyone even with student loans . 
  if you want to become a doctor here , you need to excel for at least 3 years in high school and then some . 
  that 's not as easy for children that grow up in poorer households with less academic backgrounds . 
  going to a university requires more funds than a semester fee . 
  we do n't all live in oslo ( housing/transport ) . 
  your parents background and finances have a lot to do with where you end up in life . 
   private clinics and schools does not count . 
  yes , they do . 
  i 'm able to use a private clinic/hospital because of work and my own financial resources . 
  i think i 'm quite a bit better off than poorer norwegians . 
  i get better and preventive care , when i want or need it . 
  the staff are usually better trained and experienced professionals . 
  you ca n't reject it because it does n't fit your narrative . 
   the problem is ... as they say the poor are paying for it air pollution is a problem for everyone in a big city . 
  the poor suffer more than most due to the associated health issues . 
  they have less access to healthcare and often live in the most polluted areas . 
  air pollution is worse in the inner cities . 
  it has an effects on young people 's ability to focus , which does them no favors in education . 
  poor people are already a serious disadvantage , taking away one such problem is in their interest . 
   if it really is a `` common good '' then the political and financial elites should be throwing themselves to take the major financial burden by making newer cars more accessible . 
  i agree . 
  we 've also made electric cars cheaper here in norway . 
  tesla is all the rage here , because it 's so affordable to buy and cheap to run . 
  evs are powered by renewable hydro-energy here , but they 're not entirely `` green '' since they have to be manufactured somewhere . 
   the us did this with vehicles paying people to replace their old cars ( cash for clunkers ) , we have a system for that here already . 
   california gave people assistance ( in the form of smog coupons ) to tune up and repair vehicles . 
  we discount evs and tax larger engines ( sales ) . 
  we have mandatory regular vehicle checks in europe , to take the older cars off the road [ or fix them ] . 
   usually those who are talking about climate are people who can buy new cars in first place . 
  ok , i do n't think that 's true in general , but you can claim whatever you like here , * without * data to back it up .
