  if we ignore the differences and assume that all the states contribute equally it would n't matter , but i do n't really see that changing . 
  one key difference between sweden and norway is our rural policies . 
  norway spends a lot of money keeping rural communities alive . 
  it 's a luxury we would n't be able to continue if larger clusters/cities grew and consumed more of the resources , or if the federal gov ' t demanded a more equal distribution . 
  it 's an argument for smaller nations in my book . 
   why could n't eu achieve that ? 
  it does n't scale well . 
  [ building trust is difficult enough as it is . 
  ] ( http://sciencenordic.com/trust-creates-welfare-state-%e2%80%93-not-vice-versa )  not impossible for a federation such as eu in the long run . 
  i 'm afraid it 's terribly unlikely simply because of the complexity of running a huge state . 
  the leaders quickly become distant , unknown and foreign for example . 
  you would just be a citizen from a peripheral region . 
  how much would you really have in common with a person from spain or hungary ? 
  time does n't make great states better , they become increasingly corrupt and erodes trust . 
   what do you mean by sub-optimal ? 
  i was n't really thinking about the eu , but it applies to countries in general . 
  when you have either internal or external forces that makes the state nonviable ; ethnic conflicts , economic disasters/problems , climate change/natural disasters etc. 
  it 's just natural that entities break up or come together . 
   why would n't a eu be able to improve further just because almost everyone in eu live comfortably and have food on their tables ? 
  i 'm not sure how we got to this question ? 
   i would claim that people are the problem ; we 're our own worst enemy . 
  we make imperfect systems and create problems . 
  unless we create ai 's to manage it for us , or adopt something like plato 's republic we 'll find a way to ruin it . 
   should n't norway or any other country for that matter be divided into `` infinitesimal '' ( not the mathematical term , but a meaning for as small as possible ) nation states ? 
  as you know there are successful micro states . 
  i would argue that you probably need a certain size ( area/population ) , a niche or plentiful resources . 
  there are other factors such as cohesiveness , stability and trust though . 
  our two countries are pretty well defined and `` optimized '' today . 
  all of the scandinavian states have/had very high trust and a short distance to the top . 
  it 's crucial to keeping a state viable that the citizens feel ownership , trust their leaders and continue to pay their fair share of taxes . 
  it makes creating jobs/wealth easier when society is well run and stable . 
  creating new states is costly and dangerous . 
  it comes about soon enough if a country is sub-optimal or changing circumstances requires it . 
   so how is this not a problem if all us states were independent nations ? 
  it does n't go away , that 's the point . 
  the challenges remain despite their federation . 
  they still have poor and rich states . 
  i do n't believe a european version would be able to do much better . 
  at least not without trying very hard to redistribute our shared wealth . .  i do n't understand what you are implying . 
  is this an issue in us ? 
  if so then are you implying that all us states should be separate nations ? 
  no , it 's not an issue there , because they have n't tried spending all of their money on massive political projects like the eu . 
  they could actually [ potentially ] do better as individual countries since they could have their own monetary policy . 
  california would be the 7th largest economy in the world for example . 
   how would a federation weaken the economy and make you worse of ? 
  now , that we 've established [ above ] that states do n't change by themselves , there 's only one possible measure left in my opinion ; investment and redistribution schemes . 
  i 'm referring to what the eu does today and similar . 
  it does n't weaken the economy of everyone , but the wealthy states would have to give more though . 
  it 's not a given that this would have a lasting effect on the poor countries though , but it would certainly reduce investments in the wealthiest . 
   if you do what is best for yourself rather than the `` greater good '' then i suspect you do n't want to waste valuable time being politically active or voting for that matter . 
  sorry , but you 're entirely wrong . 
  i 'm a member of the conservative party and i work to forward the interests of my peers in society . 
  while i accept some policies for the greater good in society , it 's only because it ultimately benefits me as well . 
  equality benefits the poor the most , [ but also the wealthy to some degree . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cz7lze3u7bw?t=684 )  since a vote requires time , and your individual vote among 3-4 million voting age norwegians wont matter . 
  so a vote is a huge time waster for you , unless you do it for the `` greater good '' . 
  since most people do n't vote , my vote counts for a lot more . 
  the poor and young vote less often . 
  even better they often waste their votes on greens and other minor parties , that just weakens the opposition as a whole . 
   how do you know you are exempt from that ? 
  it 's a good point , i 'll give you that . 
  my point was rather that i know my own country 's political scene . 
  most foreign sources are inaccurate , incorrect or outdated with regards to that particular political party . 
  the categorization used , `` right-wing populists '' , is anything but clear , especially when you consider the context ( afd ) . 
  the progress party ( pp ) cleaned house a long time ago , while ukip and sd are fairly young parties by comparison . 
  the pp is in a multi-party coalition in parliament and part of the government . 
  the sd , fn and others were founded on discontent , while the pp was established as an anti-tax , anti-nanny state , libertarian party . 
  in my defense i 'm fortunate to have been able to study politics abroad . 
  i have [ naturally ] lived abroad for shorter and longer periods . 
  my network of colleagues , friends and family is fairly broad . 
  as i can read a substantial number of languages ( to varying degrees ) , so i 'm able to follow domestic news from a number of european countries on a daily basis . 
  i do so with great passion . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm exempt , but at least i have a foundation for my views . 
  it 's a * very * unpopular opinion though and many are fiercely opposed to the destruction of their [ nation ] state . 
  i would be as well , but i did n't downvote him . 
   i meant there are more pros than cons . 
  yes and i think there 's a massive `` con '' for the * most * developed nations of europe . 
  i do n't believe we could all reach the same level of development or wealth . 
  just look at the us for example . 
  you ca n't change the fact that undeveloped states do n't grow wealthy without natural resources . 
  while established industrious states like california or established regions like new york are economic engines . 
  you ca n't easily change a region like the south , with it 's poor , uneducated and minorities etc. 
  i do n't believe artificial investments schemes are sensible ; growth has to be organic in order to survive . 
  in a federal state the richer members would likely have to pay to raise the poor , but with little to show for it in the end . 
  i believe the return on investment ratio would be terrible . 
  a great waste of common resources based on idealism . 
  given the choice i would vote for what 's best for myself , not what would benefit the most people . 
  that 's democracy . 
  i 'm not a fan of the tyranny of the masses and the `` greater good '' . 
  to be fair these parties do n't like hungarians much either . 
   ( although that has n't really always worked out , considering , ahem , a certain anders ) . 
  though he * left * that party because it was n't what he wanted . 
   right-wing populists . 
  you make that sound so sinister !? 
  the progress party is mostly concerned with better roads , the welfare state and other mainstream issues . 
  it 's not a party that promotes or supports hatred . 
  their voters are mainly average people . 
  even their immigration policy is entirely mainstream now . 
  i think it 's disingenuous to call them `` right-wing populists '' when in the context of parties like front national etc. 
   will benefit everyone .
