  i do n't know how it would be done in practice though . 
  it seems you have more experience with that ( dg ) , right ? 
  yes , i 've noted as much . 
  it 's really unfair , but i 'm not talking about logic here . 
  it 's all about emotions . 
  it 's just interesting to note how it colors my perception of a country i have no reason to dislike . 
  in fact i quite like your country and its cultural contributions !, 
  i guess in the future we 'll see similar videos about irish speakers in the ep with the same problem as that maltese chap ( no translators ) . 
  uh , it 's a bit more than just in europe . 
  it 's not really because of the brits either  it 's practically a second language here now . 
  ( my french classes finally off ) . 
   for when dealing with third countries like china , usa , brazil , japan or iran . 
  the brazilians already speak portuguese . 
  i doubt the english documents are much use to the chinese though , i imagine their lawyers will want them properly translated . 
  the same goes for iran and japan . 
  the americans i 'll grant you . 
  i wonder what percentage of the documents written are ever of use outside the eu ? 
  i mean notes about who said what in the ep ? 
   it 's also impractical to have a bund of translators with you , for the day-to-day activities . 
  it 's pretty common for trade talks . 
  see the un , eu , wto etc. 
  hehe , i totally forgot about the irish , but it would be funny though !, 
  yeah , i forgot about them . 
  i 've read them in a number of languages at uni ( law ) , but it never bothered me to read them in danish/swedish , german or english . 
  however , if i could choose i 'd rather read them in english . 
  hmm , seems like they 're intentionally `` forgetting '' about this little problem . 
  i understand english is also an official language in malta as well . 
  yeah , that 's probably it . 
  still , it has changed my view of things . 
  i now crave baguettes , beer steins and opera !, 
  bah , you can learn german like the rest of us xd on the other hand , admitting that i forgot ireland , why are they ignoring you ? 
  they 'll block the chunnel . 
   the 20 countries that do n't speak french/german/whatever do n't want to learn now just to spite the british you have misunderstood a couple of things here . 
  english is and will continue to be taught everywhere . 
  the eu 's offices just wo n't have to translate and offer documents in that [ foreign ] language . 
  why would they need documents in a foreign * second * language ? 
  they 're already available in your native language !, 
  it 's just a predicted cause and effect . 
  ~ ~ who would they translate the documents into english for exactly ? ~ ~ edit : eh , so maybe i forgot ireland ? 
  edit : malta as well , right ? 
  it 's strange , even as an outsider ( non-eu ) , it has changed my feelings about the uk for the worse . 
   norway ? 
  i knew you would fail on this account !, 
   you should have remembered that we 're in the eea . 
  we pay handsomely for that privilege and the uk might go this way . 
  norway is part of efta , which includes iceland and switzerland by the way ...  ukraine ? 
  belarus ? 
  ~ ~ switzerland ? ~ ~ ~ ~ the uk ~ ~ ( not currently ) . 
  montenegro ? 
  georgia ? 
  albania ? 
  ~ ~ iceland ? ~ ~ ftfy . 
  yeah , i remembered them and dismissed them . 
  i mean no disrespect , but they 're hardly major players . 
  they 're one step away from membership if the eu would let them !, 
  you left out kosovo and armenia , i mean they matter , right ? 
  / s  and on top of that , last time i checked , europe existed long before the eu and will exist long after we 're done with it . 
  i actually doubt it , but then again we wo n't live to see it . 
  the momentum is there , i think , and i believe time and history is on the eu 's side . 
  i do n't believe it because i want it , far from it , but i believe in greater powers ( economic , social , environmental ) . 
  humans build and tear down . 
  profit & loss . 
  red and green arrows/charts/numbers . 
  what else is there really ? 
  serbia ? 
  armenia ? 
   shut out london and you shut out the world there 's no british monopoly on the world though . 
  i do n't know if there 's a formal procedure , but i 'm pretty sure you would have to get approval from the major efta members ( i.e. 
  norway ) . 
  it 's not that i dislike the uk , i 'm actually a great fan of your country and culture !, 
  i love your humor , literature , television , music and contributions to humanity . 
  however , norway is currently the `` big fish '' in a small pond . 
  i 'm not sure that adding a whale to the pond will benefit us !, 
  sure , there 's more power in greater numbers . 
  it all depends on how the eu reacts , you do have a target on your backs at the moment . 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  he brings up an unrelated tata product , which in the context [ of tata steel ] seems like an attack on the tata brand/group . 
   when you take into account london has half a million financial workers , a few thousand here or there is n't the end of the world . 
  it 's 70,000 high-paying jobs on the line from what i read . 
  their salaries and bonuses pay for an awful lot of services . 
  it will be interesting to see . 
   europeans on this sub often imply it will be a killer blow to london 's financial industry , this could n't be further from the truth . 
  yeah , my country 's outside the eu so it 's not exactly my problem . 
  we 'll soon see though , but i doubt it will be beneficial . 
  british banks will lose their european licensing and market access . 
  they might regain it , but that 's not clear at all . 
  that 's a bit like saying microsoft windows is shit because notepad.exe sucks . 
   accepting a placid and willfully engaging england/wales would be in the unions interest . 
  fool me once ... 
  i wonder how they expect to do that ? 
  efta and norway ( currently biggest member ) certainly should n't welcome the uk back [ to efta ] without considering the consequences for us ... 
  [ the darkest timeline ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq_7gnggkai ), 
  the financial firms in london produced 11 % of uk taxes last year . 
  it 's the location of many a foreign bank 's european offices . 
  now , without eu membership they 'll loose access to sell directly in the european markets . 
  the major banks have plans in place to shift jobs to other locations within the eu . 
  it 's already started . 
  i do not want the uk to join efta , the uk would be too large by comparison . 
  i would ask my gov ' t for a referendum on efta expansion . 
  no , there * was * such a language .
