  the oil price itself may be low , but that 's not the only factor . 
  furthermore , improved efficiency , [ norwegian based ] technology and ability to exploit old finds better means we 're renewing efforts ... on both sides of the north sea ( norwegian and even the british sector ) . 
  oil is far from dead in norway . 
  let us know when you stop invading nations based on lies !, 
  the americans have just landed troops in norway , at least you could have gone for that , silly bugger . 
  you 're so bad at this i have to help you troll !, 
  in an ideal world perhaps . 
   as some sort of ` green ' country or crusader for the environment in any way . 
  certainly by comparison with your country . 
  this is n't even a new development , just a new fund . 
  our swf is a vehicle for our policy . 
  heck , our state owned energy companies builds wind farms in the uk . 
  i do n't believe you know much about norway at all , why would you ? 
   norway still has higher emissions per capita so do n't bother yes , indeed . 
  we 're a nation of 5 versus your 64 million . 
  do n't worry , we know . 
  on the other hand we 're 99 % hydro energy powered , while we pipe our gas to * your * homes ... let us know when you can do without !, 
  they 're certainly not doing a great job , but what 's the alternative ? 
  the expression `` cutting off the nose to spite the face '' comes to mind . 
  it 's a question of moral and ethics , those who should and can must act . 
   because of this , i do n't think norway should be lauded that 's a very tiny horse you 're sitting on ? 
  i 'm surprised you managed to look down at anyone else . 
  a brit of all people , the irony is just too much !, 
  yes , ideally , but can you blame a starving man for not saving ? 
  taking care of the planet and especially the rainforests is our shared responsibility . 
  we all live on the same planet . 
  it wo n't matter where you live , how rich we were , if our planet becomes unlivable in the future . 
  here 's an example  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-climatechange-amazon-norway-iduskcn0rf1p520150915, 
  public service announcement ( smoking is bad , do n't drive and drink , vote this election , etc ) . 
  ironically , we made tons of money selling timber to the english , for ship building , around the 17-18th centuries . 
  it 's not a problem in scandinavia ... that 's for sure !, 
  we 're funding brazilian and indonesian rainforests . 
  yes , indeed !, 
  nah , that includes a hot potato !, 
   swedish in writing actually looks like retarded english mixed with broken french and a bit of german to me . 
  milj\u00f6 , parkering ... as a norwegian i have to agree !, 
  we on the other hand write just retarded english mixed with a bit of german , not that silly french stuff . 
  so you guys do n't have any snow either ? 
  sorry , i had to make the joke , 
  https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/etiopia_italiana i guess you 're thinking about this : https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/africa_orientale_italiana, 
   why a south american country was part of the eu i think there might be a few germans wondering the same , 
  haha , i wonder if you would come around if you lived here  we 're just humans after all , maybe it 's culture and/or nurture . 
  excellent !, 
  i 'll bring t-shirts and shorts !, 
   now i 'm wearing the maximum of layers i can put on me and still move once i have enough clothes on the cold does n't really bother me . 
  it can be -20 c and it 'll be fine for an hour or two . 
  the air is so fresh !, 
  when snow hits you hard in the face , it feels like small needles . 
  it 's just a sensation you ignore . 
  afterwards , when you go back inside , you feel so warm and alive . 
  especially , after a little exercise , you get that tired feeling , but extra warm and sensitive skin . 
  i sleep so well !, 
   eating at the sun in t-shirt here today . 
  i 've enjoyed visiting your region of spain many , many times . 
  it 's a very nice place , but the heat can be a bit oppressive . 
  i really dislike a/c as well . 
  it 's probably just about right outside for me now , 
   not the uncomfy white hell of coldness . 
  nah , that part is easy , i put on my winter outfit and dress in layers . 
  if it gets really cold i 'll relax in front of my fireplace and enjoy the cozy atmosphere ( * hygge * ) . 
  the real problem with winter is the work required to keep the snow away from my walking path , parking spot and garage . 
  wet and warm is bad , cold , windy and snowy is great . 
  over the years i 've come to enjoy to the satisfaction i get from performing some simple manual labor in complete silence . 
  the pureness of the cold , the beautiful glowing lights in the dark , with only the moon for company . 
  it 's a relaxing , light workout which brings a zen like peace . 
  meanwhile in my part of norway : no snow , and many degrees above zero . 
  i do n't really mind . 
  that does n't seem comparable at all . 
  i think you really misunderstood me . 
  i meant european in terms of belonging and inclusion ; a [ turkish ] european person , a citizen of europe . 
  here i 'm trying to be nice and all . 
  i should remind myself to avoid talking about turkey on reddit . 
  yes , yes , i know all about conservative turks in europe . 
  on the other hand i 've had neighbors that were the complete opposite . 
  it 's funny , i 've had bad experiences in turkey , but i 've met lovely turkish people in my country . 
  i assume you 're a student ? 
  `` honey , do n't you remember talking while having sex ? 
  yes , that 's why your son looks so different from you and stutters ... '', 
   so just like some eu countries ? 
  which ? 
   why is misogyny and religion so common ? 
  it 's just reproductive strategies . 
  the religious arguments support the reproductive control measures and not vice versa . 
  you sound like a typical turkish european , but how many of your compatriots agree with you ? 
  that reminds me !, 
  here 's a video of norwegian comedians mocking dutch  - [ speed dating ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qustqr9czdq ) - [ street interviews ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzfbue32dba ), 
  uh , * my * point is that we 're the result of ** several ** waves of human migration ... 
  yeah , i 'm only disputing the claim that they were supposedly only 100 ( ! ), 
  what they did afterwards does n't really matter in this context , 
  indeed , it was part of italian ethiopia , which was my point , i should have been clearer . 
  i meant it as an example of their impact in the region . 
  of course , i kinda missed the mark . 
  it was part of italian ethiopia at the time ... 
  i was making the point that the italians left traces . 
  i should have written eritrea though . 
  that 's a big almost . 
  it 's a good point , but that map is a little outdated . 
  we know a lot more since that was drawn . 
  if i understand it correctly , there 's also the question of [ the africa-arabia routes , etc. 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e5/f0/29/e5f02968ac608594966f7c53ac8b8089.jpg ) europeans today are a mix of the blending of at least * three * separate migrations over 8000 years .
