  populous nations will struggle more i suppose . 
  basic income next , i guess . 
  hopefully , less work and more time with our families and nature   there are n't significant religious differences between you it baffles me why you are n't the same country . 
  i actually did n't register your suggestion to unite us . 
  it 's been done  it has been raised again recently . 
  we 'll see if the eu survives . 
  on the other hand , you should know that we 've developed different political values . 
  the systems are very similar , welfare states and social-democracies . 
  however , denmark and norway do n't agree with sweden with regards to immigration , identity and new feminism . 
  religion is perhaps not a big problem . 
  they do have problems with their minorities in sweden and denmark . 
  i attribute that to socio-economic conditions and failed integration , more than religion of course . 
  it 's an economic burden though . 
   denmark , norway and sweden all have less population than the city i live in . 
  that 's probably inaccurate . 
  you live in a city with ~ 14 million citizens . 
  denmark ( 5,6 m ) , norway ( 5,1 m ) and sweden ( 9,6 m ) in total have **  20 ** million citizens . 
  still , it 's an interesting comparison . 
   well off when your primary national concern is deflation . 
  i tend to disagree . 
  deflation can lead to economic stagnation and periods of high unemployment . 
  spending falls and so does employment . 
  it can increase real debt burdens -- reducing the spending power . 
  have you heard of japan 's economic problems ? 
  i mean there are upsides , but it 's mostly a bad sign in my book . 
  there are many rankings and even the chinese rate them highly . 
  to be clear , i 'm talking about the research institutions . 
  the top two research universities , in some disciplines and on certain rankings , are presently in the us and china ( tsinghua university ) . 
   so why not just invite american workers to set up shop , what ? 
  firstly , because they 're not needed . 
  americans already work on the bases . 
  it 's not like germany needs more citizens . 
  us citizens are free to stay in germany and find employment as it is ( within 6 months ) . 
  american workers bring nothing special to the table by comparison with germans ( 1:1 ) . 
  i mean your education system is great ( at the very top ) , but your citizens are lot less productive per hour according to the oecd . 
  most of them do n't even speak another language . 
  the germans have enough professionals and their education system is second to none . 
  on the lower end of the scale , their apprenticeship system is especially good , with public/private partnerships . 
  so that their least educated workers are a lot better than your workers of similar classification . 
  again , it 's all about the money , the bases lease land and pay for lots of services . 
  it generates economic activity for the local economy . 
   every nato country with american troops there . 
  you claim it 's a `` demand '' , but you ca n't actually provide a source for that , right ? 
  i know the bases are quite profitable to the local economy , but it 's hardly of vital importance to germany . 
  the poles and eastern europeans really want nato bases ( and us troops ) . 
  i 'll give you that , but that 's hardly all of europe . 
  money ? 
  those bases are good for the economy . 
  as for `` demand '' , who are you talking about ? 
  hmm , norway 's economy is slightly smaller than sweden 's . 
  their population is almost twice as large as ours ( 5m vs 9m ) . 
  their spending is a little under half of ours . 
  we seem to be spending about the same in total . 
  we have lots of savings in our swf , but we do n't spend the capital , just the interest . 
  we finance our budgets using sales , capital and income tax . 
  nope , we finance our national budgets like everyone else ; 75 % from sales , income and capital taxes . 
  oil & gas represented 25 % of gdp in 2014 . 
  the oil & gas revenue is invested abroad using [ the swf . 
  ] ( http://fortune.com/2016/05/02/norway-wealth-fund-ceo-pay/ ), 
  it 's not for pensions , that 's just the name . 
  the fund is committed . 
  we have another fund for pensions ( folketrygdfondet ) . 
  really , i do n't see that . 
  an incident here or there does n't make it common . 
  american media can say some strange things about europe . 
  deserve it ? 
  [ here 's a larger version of the map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0mxw4gn.png ) i extracted from the original report . 
  note : in addition to the risk indicated on the map , the following countries have another risk as the risk of highest concern : haiti : unemployment or underemployment ; oman : energy price shock ; peru : profound social instability ; paraguay : failure of financial mechanism or institution ; senegal : energy price shock ; tunisia : profound social instability ; venezuela : unmanageable inflation ; vietnam : man-made environmental catastrophes . 
  thanks , it 's laughable [ for the original commenter ] to compare britain with that little state-let . 
   every country in the world has ` access ' without being ` in ' the market . 
  granted , there 's `` access '' and then there 's the access we 're talking about ( eea ) . 
  wto access is far from being part of the eea . 
  you clearly know this , why are you not addressing the actual problem ( legislation ) ? 
  i 'm quite aware of that . 
  my point was rather the laws required for access ... access for us requires the legislation you so clearly do n't want . 
  i wonder if you 'll get around that . 
   has had restrictions on migration for the past eighteen or so years what are those ? 
  i see they 're even part of schengen . 
  even if it were the case , that 's one state-let , not exactly eea `` states '' ( plural ) . 
   a military base near the arctic antarctic . 
  make your own laws * and * get access to the market ? 
  that 's certainly not how it works for us ( eea ) . 
  what break ? 
  we have no limitations on movement at the moment . 
  we did reintroduce border passport controls for a limited period , as all schengen members are allowed to . 
  you ca n't expect otherwise here , when talking about such controversial subjects as kosovo , serbia , russia , turkey etc. 
  they 're all downvote magnets . 
   montenegro was way higher to begin anyways . 
  yes , i figured . 
  i 've been to serbia myself and read up on their history . 
   so even if some do n't like the eu in western countries , its doing wonders for poorer countries . 
  people are n't always logical about this . 
  the eu is able to do a lot of good , which we will all benefit from in the long run . 
  the brexit vote in the uk was more about immigration and emotions than anything . 
  there were many who knew very little about the eu and what it actually is . 
  i forgot to include them , but i did check them out , it 's even higher of course  country | hdi -- | -- montenegro | 0.802 kosovo ( calculated ) | 0.786, 
   i wo n't argue with that as i agree , i mostly want to avoid us waiting too long and run the risk of them giving up on even trying to join due to a lack of engagement on the eu 's part . 
  that 's a very good point . 
   then it strikes me as a good idea to get started as soon as possible . 
  sure , but maybe you want to finance that first ?
