  we also have jewish citizens , israelis and palestinians here . 
  your conflict is not that far away . 
  i and many other norwegians have visited israel . 
  i follow your news daily . 
  regards , norwegian of ashkenazi descent . 
  you expect us to monitor intensely what they put on their building walls ? 
  the youth center is fine , it 's just a name plaque we do n't like . 
  there 's no need for that kind of insult . 
  the money was given to the center for good reasons . 
  it 's just the name on the building we do n't like !, 
  it 's a women 's * youth center * for christ 's sake . 
   good they were mostly there to watch turkey good ? 
  nothing good can come from this . 
  erdogan unjustly damaged turkey 's relationship with europe and europe 's leading power . 
  you 're right , my girlfriend usually demands sex . 
  i 'm often quite tired , but very happy . 
  does n't that make macron mega man ? 
   democracy and monarchy are incompatible . 
  funny , because norway is currently ranked [ the most democratic country in the world ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/trumps-address-to-congress/norway-world-s-best-democracy-we-asked-its-people-why-n720151 ) on the other hand i understand why you would think that . 
  it 's worth noting that absolute and constitutional monarchies are very different . 
  a [ constitutional ] monarch is entirely devoid of power , which invalidates most of your arguments ; the theory that the king is more powerful , than a common citizen , is no different than say a president . 
  heck , a president can have executive powers , while kings in constitutional monarchies do n't . 
  they 're figureheads . 
   a guy has his life ensured because he came from the right pussy ? 
  that is true for most wealthy and powerful families ; see the bush dynasty for example . 
  it does n't make sense that the state should award power based on it though . 
   none of this explains montenegro . 
  they expecting trouble ? 
  ethnic conflict with the albanians minority i guess . 
  remember , the war in kosovo ? 
  it 's right next door . 
  eh , you realize it 's police officers / 100,000 people , right ? 
  it shows the number of cops ... we have fewer cops in northern europe . 
  yep , they have 135 swiss guards and there are 800 residents ( only 450 are citizens ) . 
  yes , it could , but do you honestly think that 's a problem for norway ? 
  denmark does actually have oil and gas . 
  we all share [ the north sea . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/north_sea_eez.png ), 
  oh , please , we invest that money abroad [ to avoid inflation at home ] . 
  our national budget is 75 % financed by vat , capital and income tax . 
  oil & gas represented 24 % of our gdp in 2015 . 
  hmm , it 'll be interesting to see what the efta court says . 
  eh , i 'm talking about [ norwegian ] white collar office jobs . 
  funny thing , i used to work for an american corporation , with american coworkers in the us , etc. 
  we outperformed our american colleagues every year . 
  we just did n't spend our evenings at work . 
  now , working for another company , i frequently work in the evenings [ from home ] , but that 's just because i 'm a manager and my teams are global . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they 're driving cabotage , but they 're not living here . 
  importing non-eu citizens is unlikely to be required . 
  i 'm sure you could find romanians or bulgarians for example . 
  that 's interesting , thanks , for the insight . 
  i thought maybe there would be more restrictions due to the nominal religious majority . 
  even though yugoslavs were n't the most religious . 
  you ca n't buy spirits here without going to the state 's retail monopoly [ which exists for moral , social and health reasons ] . 
  supermarkets and other places are not allowed to sell spirits , just weak beer . 
  hehe , good thing that 's over :d, 
  you spelled `` norway is very right '' wrong !, 
  hehe , i 'm afraid those communities are rather separate . 
  yeah , but you 're not majority muslim though , 
  [ or you know ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d1rw0/til_about_klek_shops_sofias_basement_shops_where/di02qq6/ ), 
   in bosnia a lot of merchandise like that are sold in `` kiosks '' ( minus the booze , plus the newspapers ) . 
  is alcohol sold in supermarkets ? 
   where people are working more than americans . 
  working more does not mean you 're working harder/better . 
  where i live it 's sort of frowned upon staying late , because it looks like you ca n't manage your time well . 
  work should be completed within work hours . 
  working * some * overtime is common , working a lot more means something 's wrong with you or your role . 
  people should rest in the evening and return refreshed the next day for optimal work efficiency . 
  apparently , none of the norwegians in svalbard work :d op : svalbard is an integral part of norway . 
   if the uk crashes out on its own accord , i see no reason to make an example of us . 
  yes , but i think you 're too focused on what 's in front of us right now . 
  the uk is n't the only case where the eu could need a show of force . 
  let 's say they need to scare the `` problem children '' ; turkey , hungary , or even poland . 
  how about another swiss vote on limiting eu migration or similar ? 
  let 's say denmark and sweden get upset about the no-longer secret plan to force euro adoption on all members ? 
  they just need to provoke chaos once and it 'll keep the members in line for a good , long time . 
   we 'd still be able to trade on wto rules yes , but that 's not a great deal for us though . 
  there are [ still quotas and tariffs ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-norway-salmon-iduskcn0wi1vj ) . 
  they 'll still be able to control our trade . 
  their regulations wo n't always be to our liking or at our speed . 
  we 're heavily reliant on stable market access as it is . 
  a little dip in the fish industry 's access could quickly have national consequences ( on local and national budgets ) . 
  if they want to take a page from russia 's playbook , they could easily stop our exports using hse problems . 
  i do n't think they would play that dirty , but they sure could if they wanted to fan the flames . 
  you need to know how to drive here and equip your truck deal with it . 
  summer and winter , you can expect to meet snow and ice here . 
  i 'm under the impression that eastern european drivers have the least exposure to our climate and conditions . 
  even though those countries have snow and mountains some places . 
  i hear latvia is hiring filipino drivers now , cost cutting measures , how do you think they 'll cope ? 
  yes , roads are a problem , because we ca n't invest too much without triggering massive inflation . 
  we keep building new tunnels , but we remain a mountainous country . 
   if they push too hard , they 're only going to get blow back . 
  yes , we agree it 's not likely . 
  however , in these politically uncertain times it 's not at all clear what will happen . 
  we 've been surprised by the `` unlikely '' nature of events more than once !, 
  we can easily become a symbol and sacrifice , if the eu wishes to show its members , the uk , or switzerland it 's serious . 
  it just has to be the right gambit for a scenario that could yet develop . 
  we 're the pawn . 
  let 's face it , we 're not that important to the eu .
