  4k netflix streaming ? 
   sweden is affected by norway and norway by sweden . 
  no , this is not comparable . 
   norway is n't bound by eu legislation because the eu says so you 're fooling no one by calling the spade a shovel . 
  the legal framework is the eea-agreement between efta and the eu . 
  that much is true and accurate . 
  if the eu does n't approve of norway/efta 's actions with respect to the legislation ... the eea-agreement and its chapters exist at the mercy of brussels . 
  we may use the efta court ourselves , but ultimately the eu decides . 
  theoretically , they could suspend a chapter [ for example services ] , but it could also be revoked entirely . 
  it 's in that light norwegian subscription to eu legislation must be interpreted . 
  it 's not voluntary or optional if we want continued market access . 
  in this respect sweden 's influence by comparison , as you claimed above , is virtually nil . 
   as for the tax issue , if it 's what i think you 're referring to , it was a case of double taxation no , it was a competition law issue ( common market ) , as you apparently ca n't have `` preferential '' treatment of various regions even within your own country [ even if it was a hardship easing measure ] . 
  the eu allows exceptions where there is [ for example ] a social or welfare reason . 
  at least from what i remember of my eu law studies at uni . 
  if they leave there will certainly be a few years of `` adjustment '' . 
  i 'm sure they can survive outside the eu , * with * some sort of agreement , but if it will be to their benefit is a completely different question . 
  it will be interesting to see the results [ on the british economy ] if the uk does leave . 
  i imagine the first years after the vote will be pretty eventful if they do . 
   they are not , however , bound by eu legislation . 
   the eu is n't something that automatically affects norway . 
  that 's a complete misunderstanding . 
  we 're very much affected automatically . 
  - norway adopts eu legislation more rapidly than most eu members . 
  the eea is an agreement between efta and the eu . 
  we run efta . 
  we use it to `` police '' ourselves by way of the efta court . 
  it 's run like the equivalent of the eu court to * avoid * conflicts with the eu . 
   taxation case in point : norway has had to change our regional taxation policy due to the eu ( regional employers tax ) . 
  the efta court made us . 
   foreign policy yes , i agree , we 're not covered by this , but we suffer on equal terms . 
  see the current russian conflict . 
  at the moment we 're also having problems with refugees by way of russia ( retaliation ) . 
   justice yes , however every law we [ in norway ] make or change has to be in line with current and future eu legislation though . 
  we cooperate with europol like many others . 
   norway has a higher net migration level than the uk does . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i 'm afraid you forget why the eu was created ; to control french and german coal and steel production . 
  without a massive build-up of weapons war would n't be possible . 
  the eu was built on [ the european coal and steel community . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community ) nato was created to protect us against the communists primarily . 
  she looks `` european '' , but european is not identical with swedish . 
  how hilariously wrong can you be ? 
  that 's not even an official written form of norwegian !, 
  a swedish * citizen * i assume ? 
  who made this ? 
  it 's not very accurate . 
  in the case of norway it wrongly uses the two * written * forms , neither of which is spoken anywhere . 
   it looks like the map is about written language , and not spoken the legend says the size of the circles represents the number of `` speakers '' . 
  there 's no * official * conflict . 
  russia has denied being involved at all . 
  chechnya still produces migrants that claim asylum here . 
   ( unless they came by plane from a warzone ) , the refugees that came to norway by way of russia did exactly that . 
  however , russia is a safe country according to norway , but not so much according to the bleeding hearts at the un . 
  mostly because russia returns people to syria ( gov ` t ) . 
  sweden is being unreasonable and putting a burden on its neighbors . 
  you 're no longer registering refugees that pass thru sweden ... so that they can apply in norway . 
  in addition your country ca n't really handle or employ all of the people you invite . 
  should norway send back all of the swedish youth working in norway ? 
  they 're the result of sweden 's failed employment policies ... 
  i mean swedish municipalities paying their bus tickets to norway is our fault , right ? 
  well , no , but do you expect them to be * logical * about such matters ? 
  i believe i read that they moved the machinery ? 
  it 's as if they read marx and only [ mis - ] understood `` ownership of the means of production '' . 
  yes , it is . 
  you should come visit , we 're actually really friendly , 
   iceland began to exist while the north sea islands ceased to . 
  it was called `` denmark '' back then , but your point stands . 
  there 's probably a reason why the russians/soviets wanted finland and took/kept parts of your * industrialized * country :(, 
  you forgot forestry products , paper , textiles etc. 
  our historic wealth was built on forestry exports to for example england . 
   oil was n't even profitable until the 1980s , i thought it was the 1990s ? 
  we were still paying off debts and investing in the 1980s . 
  the oil fund was setup in the early 90s , but did n't receive any funds until 1996 or so . 
   norway was poor , but you have to go back to the 1870s this is also when we industrialized , so you 're leaving out the most important factor !, 
  i believe i 've read that the pre-war salaries were actually higher than most of europe , but lower than for example swedish and danish salaries . 
   delicious ham , hard boiled eggs and challah ham and * challah * ?!, 
  ashkenazi much ? 
  no wonder , as you 're not even remotely in europe :p i still like your country , it 's a nice to place to visit !, 
  there 's also ~ ~ sankt hans ~ ~ midsummer !, 
   i 'm still only 30 halloween is more popular among children and the younger generations . 
  the adult parties have been popular for some time . 
  sankthansaften * is * midsummer in norway . 
   sankthans is pretty much midsummer that has been connected to the church it 's actually the opposite . 
  it has very little to do with the church now . 
   it 's the obligation of the norwegian state to fully explain why it removed kids from their parents . 
  it 's not for * you * or me to hear , it 's for the courts and parents . 
  you realize it 's personal information , right ? 
  it 's not a * state * secret . 
  the [ norwegian ] state and its employees are forbidden from informing the public or media about citizens ' details ; such as health or legal matters . 
   we 'll default on our 50 years old experience with a totalitarian state . 
  and that experience makes us very suspicious of the state . 
  exactly . 
  that 's entirely the wrong basis to judge a foreign , liberal democracy you do n't know , but i see you realize that more or less . 
  you realize there 's no way you have the truth or whole story , right ? 
  one example is the indian couple that beat their children , they cried their eyes out on public television in india about the nasty norwegian authorities . 
  the people trying to stop them from hurting their children ... you eastern and central europeans are really special in this regard !, 
  it seems you 'll believe plenty of crazy . 
   people are still going to end up with different jobs based on their skills and physical ability . 
  on average men are more physically capable , have better reflexes and spatial abilities .
