  excuse me for butting in . 
  it 's not really about `` credibility '' , it 's about readership . 
  this sort of nonsense poisons people 's minds . 
  hmm , maybe it would n't be so bad if it brings down erdogan ? 
  why would we want more swedes ? 
   ca n't badmouth these people tho , they were kind , good people . 
  hehe , that 's the most important part . 
  sounds like an interesting experience and people . 
   i understand about the confirmation but does it entail a test of biblical knowledge for other sects ? 
  the emphasis is no longer on rote learning . 
  the anglican church for example [ says ] ( https://www.churchofengland.org/our-faith/confirmation/frequently-asked-questions.aspx#happens ) : `` the purpose of confirmation preparation is to ensure that those who are confirmed have a proper understanding of what it means to live ... within the life of the church of england . 
  in the book of common prayer it is envisaged that this preparation will take the form of learning by heart the apostles creed , the ten commandments , the lord 's prayer , and the book of common prayer catechism . 
  today preparation focuses less on learning by rote and more on enabling young people to live a life of committed discipleship ... 
  sessions encourage candidates to grow in their christian faith through prayer , reflection , studying the bible , participating actively in the life of the church and demonstrating their faith in their communities . '', 
  we use denomination , a recognized autonomous branch of the christian church , as sect is a bit derogatory . 
   but they do it in arabic , not turkish . 
  yes , good point , that slipped my mind !, 
   it 's relatively rare for people memorize it but it can be done your aunt seems like quite the character ( in a good way ) . 
  did she speak ottoman turkish ? 
   done in arabic , so it is n't like bible study or other methods of exegesis . 
  yes , of course , it was much easier to keep the catholic masses under control when they did n't understand latin masses !, 
   if we survive this phase of our history w/o a catastrophe , we 'll still end up with a lot of deeply disillusioned people . 
  i hope your country overcomes these problems without too much trouble ( or worse ) . 
  i suppose disillusioned people could be a good thing if they become a counterbalance to negative forces . 
   harder to tell with the earnest ones yes , absolutely . 
  i believe it was a poll/questionnaire of sorts , it was probably statistically significant . 
   what 's called ` bible study ' yes , they probably had some serious ~ ~ indoctrination ~ ~ studies and discussion  just like wahabi madrassas the americans have ideologically different schools of thought and right-wing interpretations of the christian gospel . 
  see [ `` prosperity theology '' ] ( https://newrepublic.com/article/121564/gods-and-profits-how-capitalism-and-christianity-aligned-america ) . 
   i wonder if it was so for many protestant sects across western europe . 
  yes , it 's [ very common ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation ) , it 's also one of the three initiation rites for catholics . 
  it predates protestantism  - `` in traditional protestant denominations , such as the anglican , lutheran , methodist and reformed churches , confirmation is a rite that often includes a profession of faith by an already baptized person . 
  it is also required by most protestant denominations for full membership in the respective church , in particular for traditional protestant churches , in which it is also recognized secondarily as a coming of age ceremony . '', 
  - `` confirmation is not practiced in baptist , anabaptist and other groups that teach believer 's baptism ''  this is hard for me to understand because turkey is so different that 's surprising to me , because you turks [ and also muslims in general ] have plenty of religious schools that focuses on memorizing the qu ` ran in its entirety ? 
  there 's even a private turkish qu ` ran school for children in my town ( after school ) . 
   i wonder this because secularization in outlook with full knowledge of the religion is a different thing , it seems to me , than secularization ( or relative indifference to religion ) by conformity . 
  that 's a very good point !, 
  i wonder what you 'll answer to my question above about turkey 's situation . 
  i know you were mostly secular , but had quite a few of those religious pseudo schools erdogan attended . 
  i understand he 's expanded and made them mainstream now ? 
  i do n't know , the only weather i dislike is wet and cold . 
  cold and dry is the best winter weather . 
  summers are fine , but they can get a bit hot . 
   this is less true in the us among the religious christians because they have sunday school and bible study . 
  according to some article i read , atheists know the bible better than most christians ( in the us )  over here , where the majority are lutheran protestants , we have sunday schools and confirmation . 
  most young people are confirmed here regardless of personal faith . 
  in order to become confirmed you have to attend seminars ( a semester ) and a number of obligatory services ( n/n ) . 
  in the past , the previous centuries , the youth had to study and memorize the bible in detail , and only if they answered questions correctly could they become confirmed . 
  today , it 's more of a rite of passage with gifts and a party ( think `` sweet sixteen '' ) . 
  thanks , i actually had one here this summer [ from a polish firm ] . 
  interesting , i actually had a ukrainian man working on my house this summer [ because he worked for a polish firm ] . 
  i do n't know its origins , only that we say it . 
  it fits with our culture and the philosophy of * friluftsliv * ( approximately living closely / in/with nature ) . 
  yes , 2005 , but she was also in government since 1990-1998 . 
   they are also suppressed by the massive influx of ukrainians . 
  is it legal ? 
  ah , yes , i guess it 's a common saying , 
  more like [ currywurst ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/currywurst ), 
  except * her * shorts will cost # 1,500 ... 
  she has lead the country for almost 12 years now , but she was also in the government between 1990-1998 . 
  that 's almost 20 years in total . 
  technically , it 's even longer , because she used to be in government before becoming chancellor . 
  she was first elected to parliament in 1990 and was immediately appointed to the cabinet by her mentor and eventual predecessor . 
  she 's served in government since 1990-1998 and then from 2005-2017 . 
  that 's almost 20 years and counting . 
  she 's served 27 years in parliament . 
  ach , you beat me to it !, 
  i would n't put it past them , it would serve you right , 
  more like world 's most horrific paparazzi job . 
  can you imagine having to take photos of merkel sunbathing ? 
  as we say in scandinavia : there 's no such thing as bad weather , only bad clothing . 
   when i was in egypt i saw lots of people reads koran read it or memorized it ? 
  read it and understand it ? 
  i doubt that last part  unless , they read special annotated versions , like i did . 
   it is written originally in their original language that 's not exactly accurate , is it ? 
  there are huge differences between arabic ( msa ) and egyptian arabic . 
  the qu ` ran is obviously written in msa , and most egyptians speak the vernacular . 
  that 's part of the problem for most religious people ; how to properly understand what a text actually means . 
  as a student of law i know all about interpreting texts !, 
   take `` an eye for an eye '' , in christian cultures it 's seen as just revenge ( fair ) , but it 's actually a jewish tort law . 
  the offender should pay damages equivalent to the damage caused . 
  how could a simple man understand this without guidance ? 
   though most of people were ok with me being atheist , they just told me it is a shame how positive and surprising . 
  i know egyptians and lebanese are very different from their saudis `` cousins '' for sure , but was this in cairo or another major city ? 
  educated or common folk ? 
  yep , you 're right . 
  well , no , i did n't expect to find anything  i felt obliged to read them in order to counter any claims of ignorance [ of their religion ] when debating the personally religious . 
   even the ( formerly ) controversial style of head covering is at best a few decades old . 
  yes , in turkey at least . 
  specifically , [ the veil is ancient ] ( http://www.suppressedhistories.net/articles/veil.html ) , but where in the world it was worn varies . 
  interestingly , i recently read an article on how wearing it became a statement , both as a response to colonialism , and the awakening of political islam ( mid-1970s ) . 
   its manifestation in overtly political action are truly ` new ' things . 
  yes , it 's quite strange . 
  conservatism is all about keeping the old and only changing what 's required , so it 's not in line with our thinking . 
  anything to grab power and gain support , i guess . 
   for some reason ` conservative ' and ` religious ' is used interchangeably that 's quite natural though . 
  in most societies they 're closely related . 
  it 's the same here in norway , though we 're generally less religious . 
  it would be more accurate to describe it as `` socially conservative '' i suppose , because it 's mostly a question of values ( culture/religion ) . 
  it seems socially liberal parties are often left leaning , but obviously it 's not their exclusive territory . 
  there are several parties in denmark and norway for example that are economically conservative , or libertarian , and socially liberal .
