nope , nothing . 
  every time , they come for the guns and personal freedoms but never hold those who are guilty to account . 
  i think it 's because dogs are so nice , they never did anything bad . 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  do n't screw over your member nations if you want an `` ever closer union '' . 
  everywhere there 's instability checkpoints pop up . 
  ukraine , iraq , israel . 
  seems like common sense . 
  the germans have a peoples car , why do n't you make yourself a peoples fence . 
  no ofc not , but that does n't mean you ought to be forced to clean up the mess . 
  do it then . 
  you can find bits of russian aircraft all over afghanistan . 
  we have to pay 3x as much for healthcare , remember ? 
  it 's called freedom and we have a trademark . 
  i 'm from a state here that 's idiotic enough to want refugees . 
  want to buy a used one ? 
  you could always do it like the usa used to have . 
  nice and tight borders but between states nothing . 
  unless you 're worried about all the dang polish terrorists . 
  ah , the new europe . 
  they fixed the radicalism this time , no more camps , they promise . 
  fiddle ? 
  maybe he needs a light slap in the face . 
  punching people is more about people just being assholes . 
  punch to the face , mass terrorist attack , same thing . 
  do n't mention it , you might just get some surprise unwanted freedom dropping from the sky . 
  lets be clear , germany is responsible for germany and america , america . 
  the fact of the matter is that this situation was not forced on germany , you still get a choice last i checked . 
  whose fault it is is rather moot to the point that germany gets to decide what to do about it . 
  yeah we invaded iraq , not germany . 
  just because america jumped in front of a train does n't mean you should too . 
  just cause we fucked up the middle east it is n't directly responsible for what 's happening in germany . 
  only to some extent . 
  these interests can have an extreme effect on things . 
  everyone has interests , it 's a very complicated issue . 
  not as easy as just pointing the finger at bush or obama . 
  ( not that they 've helped ), 
  certainly , also other countries diplomatically . 
  the list of people is pretty much anyone you can think of . 
  the jewish lobby , really ask the question qui bono . 
  no that 's naive , the real question is who is in the shadows influencing them . 
  people point fingers but never bother to look at the deeper process of how decisions are made . 
  well you know who we have to blame for that , 
  we 've invaded a lot of countries , at least before 9/11 it was communism related . 
  as for the sanctions a cia operative said saddam was willing to give in to the demands to lift the sanctions . 
  bush was a fool who invaded anyways . 
  we do much better sticking to economic warfare . 
  which time ? 
  1st or 2nd invasion ? 
  really it has nothing to do with communism and is n't our fight . 
  i think he came here to get his masters degree and teach elementary school too ... 
  sorry guy with a job . 
  usa uses endless wars to battle test weapons so they can sell them to other countries at good prices . 
  it begins ? 
  they better not have gone soft on us , we expect full russian retaliation . 
  which is why you build the fence on only one side . 
  the british created iraq from the remnants of the ottoman empire , is it their fault too ? 
  extremist by european standards . 
  these days it 's more about throwing a bone to the military industrial complex than helping people though . 
  unlike the extremist environment created after wwi , this time it 's your fault germany . 
  crazy times , crazy people , crazy policy . 
  here we send 20 people and shoot everyone , better to ask questions later . 
  we have ` diversity ghettos ' . 
  the immigrants we have are very much unskilled . 
  i hear it takes 17 years for a french with an american wife to get citizenship but some groups want to give it to everyone for free . 
  our clusterfuck of laws mean the process is insane and does n't work . 
  we already spend a lot of money on illegals . 
  no health and safety ? 
  at least bush did something , he did n't do it well and the result was counter productive but really anything is better than this tolerance crap . 
  extremism festers and hurts everyone . 
  terrorists rank up and gain perk ` mcveigh ' . 
  actually homicide is up 42 % in baltimore . 
  the police find it much easier to not do their jobs now . 
  we do n't sign a lot of treaties anyways . . 
  it 's our national sport . 
  just nukes the mountains and you can make yourself a nice island . 
  people love to hate , it 's fun , especially when they say everyone has to love each other and multiculturalism and all that . 
  there 's a rebel looking for a cause aspect to it . 
  it 's the potato water that stops them like garlic and vampires . 
  only dual citizens ? 
  come on . 
  riots in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  the international cat cartel or catel . 
  certainly , and i see a lot of similarities with how people felt about swords before the advent of guns . 
  look up the 21 ft rule . 
  also love the name on your country tag . 
  sorry my great grandfather bombed your country in the war . 
  indeed , fault is often shared by many groups , but those grey areas are never good for rhetoric . 
  america ? 
  `` crimes against humanity '' ? 
  what 's this ? 
  europe problem solving checklist step 1 . 
  ignore problem and deny everything, 
  the us has a lot of other problems that contribute . 
  really people conflate the murder rate with the big media shootings of schools and things . 
  they 're separate issues . 
  china has no guns but stabbings instead so my personal opinion is it 's not the guns . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  ideological support is n't the same as participation . 
  i generally support gun rights but that does n't mean i support every nut who ends up shooting someone with a gun .
