ukrainian army was very in a poor state to begin with . 
  convincing them to fight for a brand new government was hard ( in 2014 ) . 
  local civilians were against them and [ disarmed early attempts ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10771420/ukraines-humiliation-as-protesters-disarm-troops.html ) to enter by the army . 
  humanity is a thing ; it is really really hard for a commander to convince his troops to open fire on their own unarmed civilians . 
  i do believe rebels had outside help . 
  foreign volunteer/mercenary participation was well documented on video . 
  but on the other hand it did n't take much to resist the army in those days and battle lines became very slow moving . 
  by february 2015 there was a cease fire so a major offensive by the army would be considered a major violation of the truce . 
  it just seems that way to a person , because we met most teachers when we were children . 
  as an adult , most teacher i meet now are of typical adult working age . 
  when i was child though , teacher seemed liked dinosaurs to me . 
  1 , 2 , and 3 is on rebels and ukraine . 
  both sides are violating the cease-fire . 
  unfortunately it looks like the renewed cease-fire from september 1st is poorly holding up . 
  7 and 13 are happening . 
  9 and 12 depend on 11 , which is completely in ukraine 's court . 
  10 not clear . 
  osce has been hesitant to call this out . 
  there are [ 13 measures ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minsk_ii#measures ) to minsk ii . 
  which ones is russia failing to meet ? 
  ukraine continious to ignore it 's minks ii obligations and prolongs the conflict , but it is russia that gets sanctioned . 
  when dealing with poland , `` white intel '' flags only the top half of the story . 
  you need `` red intel '' to get the other half . 
  read up on the [ july 1941 us embargo of japan ] ( http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/united-states-freezes-japanese-assets ) . 
  it was n't a declaration of war , but cutting japan off from 88 % of its oil supplies put in a position where war was inevitable . 
  five months later japan struck at pearl harbor . 
  in hindsight this undercuts the `` sneak attack '' pearl harbor narrative , but imho president roosevelt did the right thing . 
  it was clear japan needed to be stopped and forcing the japanese to open hostilities with us was optically/morally/strategically better than us opening hostilities first . 
  this is what they teach in russia . 
  maybe have them register as foreign agents and have their foreign funding audited first ? 
  without scoping the issue first , the prohibiting foreign financing for mosques may force too many to close too fast and leave people without houses of worship . 
  too late , already drank it . 
  there are 2 blockers on the path to peace/reintegration as outlined in minsk ii agreement . 
  1 ) continued low-level fighting . 
  2 ) ukrainian constitutional reform for autonomy in dpr/lpr paving way for elections there . 
  problem # 1 should be solved by having more ocse monitors on the ground to call out cease fire violations . 
  additionaly pressure should be put on moscow and kiev to reigning in the rebels and the national guards respectively . 
  problem # 2 should theoretically be solved by ukrainian self-interest in seeing those territories reintegrated , but president poroshenko does n't seem to enjoy enough support in the rada to have them implemented . 
  edit : forgot to put the actual solution here . 
  ukraine should get carrots and sticks to get their rada to do what their president agreed to do at minsk ii . 
  organizing solidarity marches and donation drives for ukraine will not help . 
  ukraine is a victim of circumstance but its government is also part of the problem and should not be encouraged . 
  i do n't know how practical these churches are , but they agree both with my aesthetic sense and desire for novelty . 
  that is a tall order to fit . 
  would visit given the chance . 
  i think it had more to do with navajo not having a name for germans and needing one that is easy to for a navajo to understand in a jiffy for [ code talking purposes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/code_talker ) . 
  hijacking top comment . 
  the new poll is misleading because it asked `` which revolutionary leader they felt most favorably about '' . 
  none of the answers are appealing , but i guess people remember stalin more than lenin . 
  not the best methodology really , and who knows what question/methodology was used in the 1990 poll that is compared to . 
  not the time or place . 
  the west may view gorbachev 's political liberalization positively , but his rule saw economic decline and directly led into half a dozen ethnic conflicts on the territory of the former su . 
  we have the best corruption . 
  everyone says so . 
  thank you for your hard work . 
  these euler diagrams on wikipedia are a treat . 
  i find them extremely valuable when trying to understand how certain organizations relate to others . 
  i presume there are videos and photos of these russian military occupiers in donbass , right ? 
  surely there are lots of them and lots of angry locals trying to get them to leave ? 
  can you find any of these photos or videos outside of the 3 guys in simon ostrovsky 's selfie soldiers ? 
  it is grey situation with no clear cut answer . 
  i used to think the answer is the implementation of minsk ii with agreed-upon constitutional amendments on decentralization and elections in donbass . 
  i do n't think that will work at this time due to lack of trust on both sides . 
  best bet for peace or for peaceful reintegration of donbass into ukraine would be to wait until 2019 when a new ukrainian president is elected ; one that does n't have the baggage of poroshenko . 
  until then , sit tight and do n't escalate . 
  the argument presented in the radioliberty article is that ukrainians wanted to stop the flow contraband rather than being shot : `` observers say the ukrainians appear to be trying to create new facts on the ground , while officials and commanders insist they are fighting to stop the flow of contraband into separatist-controlled territories and fending off attempts by separatist groups that call themselves the donetsk and luhansk `` people 's republics '' to seize more territory . '', 
  i am just going to ignore the argument about trying to seize more territory because the other guys are seizing territory as unmovable . 
  yes , please remember that [ ukraine is in a creeping offensive ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-russia-creeping-offensive-escalation-fighting/28268104.html ) against the separatist territories in blatant violation of the cease fire . 
   i just find it surprising that russia is catching up to the worst off baltic state even though it 's been in a long going recession , and oil prices are low . 
  russian exports are oil & gas dominated , but russian economy itself is not . 
  the numbers on the map are `` power purchasing parity '' gdp , which shows how much stuff russians can buy in russia with if they sold the things they produced . 
  russian economy is mostly internal facing however and only shrunk several percent the past few years . 
  russian exports on the other hand have had a much much worse time , thus the exchange rate of ruble had a bad few years , and hence the more commonly cited us dollar denominated gdp of russia has shrunk by half !, 
  neither number is wrong , they are just measure different things . 
  basically on average russian wages can buy only half as much imported stuff as in the past , but only a little bit less internally produced goods . 
  since most of the stuff we buy is domestic , it is not as bad as it could have been and not as alarming as some news sources say . 
  still the status quo is disappointing . 
  i was thinking more on europe 's part . 
  serbia economic gain will be concentrated within serbia whereas europes economic gain ( if any ) will be spread much more thinly . 
  if there is political will , serbian negotiations could be accelerated and then montenegro and serbia could join at the same time . 
  they are not that far apart in negotiations anyway with 2 and 3 chapters closed each . 
  it is the border between real russia and stereotypical russian land of always winter . 
  the northern portion is mostly populated by polar bears , white walkers , and chukchis . 
  more seriously , dotted partition is a border between two [ russian federal districts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_districts_of_russia ) , north western district and central district . 
  i do n't get these anti-crimean sanctions . 
  the official eu line seems to be that russia did bad by annexing crimea and presumably crimeans are suffering under russian rule . 
  why sanction crimean economy in particular then ( instead of all of russia ) ? 
  it 's like lets deny crimeans electrical power and that will teach them and make them want to go back to ukraine like good pawns they should !, 
  at least russians are not celebrating those who collaborated with the nazis . 
  no , that is sad and the effect of the 1991/1992 georgian ossetian war . 
  the `` meaningful '' thing is that there are still ossetians in south ossetia . 
  there are no ossetians left in georgia ; if it was n't for the russian intervention there would be no ossetians left in south ossetia either . 
  i only go from facts that are in the dw article . 
  if you want to submit links to substantiate claims for 1 and 2 , i will review them . 
   it happened because during recent search they planted the book which they found in 2010 , but because it was already registered in evidences database they had to use a different one ( which does not match with the one which they show on the video of recent search in that library ) are you saying only 1 copy of a banned book can be entered into evidence ever , even across multiple trials ? 
  does n't add up . 
  also , what is the evidence that `` they planted the book '' ? 
  let 's assume however that what you are saying is true . 
  this lady has been setup , evidence against her planted , and court co-opted into ignoring irregularities in evidence . 
  this was all done so that prosecutor would ask for a 5 year * suspended * sentence .
