  people would still be against it . 
  people would still feel guilty and look for ways to own actual albums . 
  * spotify * is unquestionably legal . 
  people defend it . 
  people actually think they 're helping creators by using it instead of downloading the same song , and there 's a concept of sort-of * owning * the song on your playlist . 
  if piracy damages album sales , services like spotify outright destroy them . 
   you lose internal conflict and subtlety, 
  not necessarily . 
  virtue 's last reward , for example , relies on both of those * and * on being a video game to tell its story . 
  it would n't work as anything but a video game . 
  but a lot of people simply do n't like a game that does internal conflict and subtlety and prefer emergent stories , and more exactly creating their own story with the tools a game gives . 
  look at the reception for dragon age ii vs inquisition . 
  tumblr tries to justify shoplifting ? 
  now that 's a stereotype i have n't heard before . 
  and it 's not mental gymnastics - do you want a concrete example ? 
  doujin music is almost impossible to get into without piracy , and now it has a growing followig of people in the west who actually buy albums . 
  game of thrones made people buy hbo go or other hbo subscriptions , but only because the episodes were available without paying for hbo . 
  the japanese manga watamote sold well only because western pirates liked the ilegally translated chapters so much they decided to go out of their way to import the volumes . 
  the fantranslation of danganronpa drummed up hype for the franchise as well as not appearing to have negatively affected the sales of the game at all . 
  there are endless examples . 
  what examples are there where creators have lost out because of piracy ? 
  every single study shows people who pirate generally also spend more money on entertainment than people who do n't . 
  and ` accepting you 're a dick ' seems entirely counterproductive - ` just buy it later ' is more useful . 
  a download does not equal a lost sale . 
  provided something is not prohibitively expensive ( like a game for a teenager or for someone in a shit country ) or difficult to obtain for them , the downloads come from people who would not have bought that album . 
  you do n't buy every single thing you 're interested in , do you ? 
  before downloading you 'd be interested in 10 new artists and buy maybe 2 of their albums because it 's risky . 
  these days , you buy one , download 9 but keep an eye out for buying new albums from 5 of them . 
  ( but you 'll still download the mp3s of the album you own because it 's already converted to mp3/flac and easier to listen to . ), 
  ( also , would you say a youtube video with 20000 views means that the album with that song on it would have sold 20000 or even 2000 times ? 
  * 200 * times ? 
  of course not . ), 
   50 loafs of bread @ 0.8 each, 
  the cheapest bread is 1.8 ron here , where do you live ? 
   5l @ 2ron, 
  well damn it 's 3.5 in a local supermarket here . 
  i really need to move to a better town . 
  in resita it 's 1.8 for a 400g loaf , 1.6 in a supermarket . 
  ( + ) now i understand all those price statistics of romania that seem way too low compared to other countries . 
  my town just sucks . 
  christian satanic death metal, 
  now * that 's * something i want to hear . 
  i was curious about / r/christiniaty 's reaction to this , and of course the top comments are about how the headline is wrong . 
   anyway , here is this society that has people literally killing a section of its population in cold blood due to their skin color yet loves white girls who `` act black '', 
  a society is not a singular entity , i strongly doubt anyone killing black people will approve of white girls `` acting black '' or twerking . 
  attacking them does nothing to help your cause . 
   i cringe everytime i see some kid wearing the palestinian kufiya, 
  i had to google that . 
  i assume those kids wear it around the neck like in some of the pictures ... it looks just like a regular scarf , i even have something like that somewhere in my closet . 
  i sympathise with the palestinians over israelites , but how was i or anyone supposed to know this plaid scarf has cultural significance over non-kufiya plaid scarves , without studying or being exposed to the culture ? 
  ah , that was a bad word choice on my part , sorry . 
  could you please explain why you disagree with what / u/theredtomato said ? 
  if you think they 're wrong , you might want to see episode john oliver made about it :, 
  so your opinion is that viewing child pornography is okay , as long as it 's free ? 
  thank you . 
  i do n't feel like / u/theredtomato 's point was addressing poor people though . 
  he used words like `` choice '' , i.e. 
  people who have the privilege of choosing apple vs samsung , bargain bin vs expensive clothing . 
  ( i do n't know anything about apple 's practices though , as i ca n't afford them anyhow ), 
  also , that video is criticizing charity and i do n't think i agree with the `` we should n't send vaccines to africa '' line of reasoning . 
  but this is not what this discussion is about . 
  thank you  you 're way more eloquent than i am . 
  b-but but, 
  why a pearl necklace ? 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted this badly . 
  the institution is called the dna and has been imprisoning high ranking politicians left , right and center . 
  i 'd give you some links but it 's uncomfortable writing lengthy posts on the phone while commuting , but you can google some combination of romania national anti corruption agency codruta kovesi dna . 
  holy shit , wow . 
  rip . 
   bosses scale, 
  that explains it . 
  i hate this kind of mechanic . 
  it 's kind of disappointing because i loved the demo and hoped the game was like the demo but expanded . 
  that 's not how torrents work . 
  you would buy a meal without knowing what 's inside it ? 
  what ? 
   women have bodily autonomy until 20 weeks of conception because up to this point the fetus is not able to survive on its own if born . 
  i 've never understood this argument , if it can survive on its own why not just remove it ? 
  is n't it because it will die , ie ca n't survive on its own ? 
  mine is cracked exactly like that too . 
  i fixed it with glue , but the glue seems to be coming apart now heh, 
  contacting noa is your best bet . 
  noe wuld n't do anything about it even if you just moved to a non-nintendo european country . 
  if you do n't mind otome and have n't played hakuouki , it 's out on the 3ds . 
  it 's the only genuine vn ( no gameplay ) on the system in english , and the story is a very good historical romance . 
  this is exactly what dragon age ii was criticised for though - major choices that have no effect on the plot, 
  try fire emblem awakening . 
  it 's turn-based , but it resembles chess more than final fantasy . 
  it does n't have the tedium associated with turn-based games . 
  project mirai should be coming out soon in the west ( hopefully ) . 
  well obviously * rasetsu * do n't exist , but hakuouki is pretty closely based on real history , particularly if you follow hijikata 's route . 
  less so some of the other routes , true . 
  that 's how sin works in christianity too . 
  there 's mortal sins and `` easily forgiven sins '' ( idk what it 's called in english ) . 
  the second category applies when you sin without knowing something is a sin , and different rules apply - you can , for instance , enter heaven if you have a couple of those . 
   the fbi has a strong presence in romania for more than the pursuit of redress for copyright-holders in the u.s. , maintaining legats ( legal attaches ) who represent the director of the fbi in romanian territory , and who work in concert with romanian and moldovian investigative authorities at quite an intimate level . 
  * sigh *, 
   fe has survived through the years because of how unique it is, 
  fe had poor sales for a long time and would have died as a series if not for awakening reaching out to a broader fanbase . 
  literally , fea was supposed to be the last fe .
