  maybe this also depends on well you personally enjoy it . 
  i do n't have any problems with eo for instance , but i certainly prefer smtiv and nocturne style dungeons . 
  do n't mind me , what you 're trying to do is amazing . 
  i have n't used it much , because i do n't wear glasses when i play and the sweet spot for the 3d requires the 3ds to be a certain distance away , and also your hands/body to be in a certain fixed position . 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  and even when you make it work , it 's a neat effect from time to time , but mostly it just wastes the battery . 
  as bad as i feel for you guys , i 'm glad this is n't just our problem anymore . 
  imagine trying to deal with these issues and having every other eu country on your throat because discrimination ... 
  :d put my name in the hat, 
  and thanks for doing this !, 
  that said , prima oara cand aud de hac . 
   she was buzatu 's 10th child , her final one with a man prone to drunken fits of violence , particularly when his wife was pregnant . 
  the most upvoted comments are about how hard it is to aim a gun and you need rigorous training to aim one . 
  now either cops can actually shoot non-vital places or 12 year olds are more or less harmless with guns because they ca n't aim worth shit . 
  you * ca n't * have it both ways . 
  my point still stands . 
  either trained policemen can shoot non-fatal areas like the shoulders without excuses like ` it 's like really hard to aim !, 
  ' , or untrained 12-year olds * ca n't * aim either . 
  all i said is that both ca n't be true at once . 
  you do n't kill children because they might have a one in a million chance of hitting you , you just do n't . 
  i 'm not a troll . 
  i 'm just not from somewhere where police will shoot pre-adolescent children and other innocents for flimsy reasons . 
  you seem to arbitrarily apply that excuse for the policeman * but not for the kid they shot . 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm not saying guns are n't dangerous , or that leg wounds ca n't kill , or that aiming is easy , i 'm saying they should n't fucking resort to guns when there are better options ( like maybe tackling the kid ? ) . 
  and if criminals shot over 15 times still continue to shoot back , maybe they should stop using guns ? 
  they are n't the only weapons . 
  okay , i 'm out . 
  have fun making excuses for your shitty police state . 
  you just compared cops to soldiers fighting in a war and accuse that other guy of strawmen ? 
  what the fuck man . 
  how about ... neither ? 
  it would be as simple as holding cops accountable for negligence . 
  okay , i agree with you on this . 
  society needs cops , and cops need a degree of immunity . 
  but cops need more accountability , and especially this dude . 
  this case is disturbing though , because it 's very clear what happened . 
  you have a cop who admitted what he did , and the charges were still dropped . 
  would n't this same thing happened if body cameras were installed ? 
  having the event filmed would have changed nothing about the ruling . 
  but yeah , this is just musing . 
   [ tip ] uhmm , dar muschii si pectoralli lui superman ? 
  la fel , te-ar deranja sa citesti un comic unde toti eroii sunt [ abia imbracati ] ( http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2012/186/1/4/superman_power_girl__batman_batgirl_switcheroo_by_nick_perks-d563yan.jpg ) si fiecare al doilea panou unde apar iti baga curul lor in nas . 
  ^ ( d-dar am ras la unele din replicile ei ), 
  `` so , which poor soul will it be ? '', 
  haha, 
  elimina detaliile alea tampite si pozitia e perfect in regula . 
  plus , spider-man e * un * erou . 
   first world problems, 
  imbraca-l pe spiderman in lenjerie feminina si fa un unghi un pic mai lateral . 
   saints row 4, 
  ( edit mare , am adaugat prima parte ), 
  is it different from the final mix ost ? 
  also all of them on sora . 
  he never seems to have enough ap . 
  i do n't think new york would be boring . 
  then again , new york is an exotic location along the lines of tokyo or hong kong as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i have n't beat com and re : coded yet . 
  ... but you 're right , even so , i 'm spoiled for just about everything in those games so . 
  are n't both helel and lucifer in the persona games though ? 
  i 've never understood the difference between the two . 
  aaaand that 's it . 
  i 've just finished the neutral ending will all the quests i could find and i love love love absolutely adore this game . 
  shin megami tensei iv looks just as good and maybe a little more detailed than smt iii : nocturne for the ps2 . 
  the battles were entirely 2d , but the surroundings and the character model for flynn were great . 
  i did n't get to fuse him either , he 's too high level and persona games have such a low recommended level for the final bosses ... 
   persona 3 portable rerelease update that is the best version imo, 
  this point hugely debated , i think p3 : fes ( the ps2 re-release ) is the best version . 
  time to start praying for a pc release then . 
  or money for a ps3 . 
  it ... depends on the person ? 
  my favourite world has always been the world that never was , which is basically skyscrapers everywhere . 
  i mean , the skyscraper part was my favourite . 
  when you run between buildings , and in ddd when the buildings kept rearranging and doing ... things . 
  that was really cool . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a skyscraper in real life . 
  the small towns in some of the other worlds , like traverse town and radiant garden , are a lot more familiar . 
  so ... between this , kh3 , ffxv and persona 5 , i keep getting more reasons to buy a ps4 eventually . 
  hopefully i 'll have more money next year ... 
  you guys ... really seem to have bigger problems than gypsies and muslims . 
  the link leads to a login page . 
  i want discounts like this too ... 
  does that mean that it will work on devices with current firmware ? 
  ( i probably still wo n't spend $ 75 for the flashcart , although it 's looking more attractive . ), 
  oh my god , i just realized , that means undubs as well . 
  thank you for the news and the link . 
  ouch . 
  that 's terrible luck with names . 
  * looks at username *, 
  some people do n't get it huh, 
  ( edit ), 
   [ an effort to transfer him from his post as an assistant pastor in timi\u0219oara and to evict him from his church flat helped trigger the romanian revolution , which overthrew nicolae ceau\u015fescu and spelled the end of the communist era in romania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l\u00e1szl\u00f3_t\u0151k\u00e9s ), 
  if we 're in a country without a native club nintendo , we get literally nothing :( codes for games would be amazing . 
  * some * eu countries :(, 
  well , so what if it offends you ? 
  that religious display is not just for * you * , after all . 
  if you do n't me asking , what disappointed you about smtiv ? 
  i 've logged over 100 hours into it and it 's turning into my favourite game for the 3ds . 
  other languages ( like romanian and , for some reason , japanese ) use planets . 
  either that , or the japanese named the planets after the days of the week .
