  i ended up spilling some on the ground and had him watch as the ants ignored it ( there are a lot of ants here ) . 
  all 6 games would be even more awesome - well , a girl can dream . 
  they do n't, 
  i do n't understand how you can apply the label `` libertarian '' to yourself and not support the legalisation of drugs . 
  if you 're not for personal freedoms , you 're a regular republican . 
  i prefer `` grey tribe '' these days . 
  but strawberries are spring fruits - they ripen in may . 
  people honestly expected trump to * not * be incompetent ? 
  there are also plenty of virgins who are over 18 , so no before and no after . 
  you ca n't see stretch marks , sagging , huge nipples when clothed . 
  and have you seen the padding in some bras ? 
  they can increase the apparent breast size by as much as two cups . 
  on the hetero side of things , women want to see naked women but not men ? 
  what ? 
  `` you '' do n't need to do anything , just to ignore it in as far as no actual children are being harmed . 
  i have to hold my nose when diving with my head underwater too . 
  for added effect , say george clooney while the two of you are having sex . 
  i really do n't like how the word `` progressive '' is getting turned into `` regressive left-winger '' . 
  progressive is about progress , not banning free speech and closing your eyes to bad things done by the right people . 
  in a very pedantic sense , but most people would define progress as `` change that is good '' . 
  you can be either conservative , wary of change for whatever reason , or you can be progressive , in favor of change as long as it 's good . 
  libertarians are also progressives ... 
  all change is risky . 
  there is never 100 % certainty about predictions - you can be risk averse or you can do it because it seems like a good idea . 
  in my playthrough i did his link right as the apathy syndrome was intensifying and death cults were springing up ( december i think ) so his slink was one of the few that actually tied into the game for me . 
  i ended up liking him more than ai and mishima ( why is mishima in moon anyway ? 
  p5 's tarot associations make no sense ) . 
  well yeah , but is he moon * to akira * ? 
  in the other games the arcana were characters who both fit the card thematically and represented it to the main character , like akihiko being emperor while also being the star arcana for femmc . 
  mishima was pretty transparent for - well - all of the game . 
  and even beyond that it just feels sort of superficial compared to how p3/p4 assigned them . 
  did n't he ? 
  it was pretty obvious to me from the beginning of slink that he was just doing it for himself . 
  the mcs potential replies were also in line with that . 
  eastern europe has a way lower crime rate than the us , please do n't do n't compare us to us ghettoes . 
  there was . 
  we fixed it . 
  [ there is no link between poverty and crime . 
  familiar risk factors account for all of the variance in crime convictions compared to their rich peers . 
  ] ( http://bjp.rcpsych.org/content/bjprcpsych/205/4/286.full.pdf ), 
  so please let 's stop demonising poor people ? 
  ( and the mentally ill for that matter . ), 
  a casual girl gamer who would n't otherwise might though , considering especially the age range this is targetting ( ie. , young enough that parents still buy games ) . 
  it does make sense in dh in a way , but the plot devices that made it make sense were the worst thing about that book . 
  to be perfectly fair , being * called * a nazi is the verbal violence part . 
   `` while we maintain that every individual is entitled to their freedom of speech and defend that basic human right , we will not be offering our platform to racism or bigotry . 
  we denounce the politics of supremacy and violence , '' the statement on facebook read . 
  `` we denounce the actions , activities , and tactics of the so-called antifa movement . 
  we denounce the normalization of political violence . '', 
  they seem sincere and are called nazis for it . 
  i 'm getting sick of the hair-trigger emotional politics lately , where people jump at buzzwords instead of listening to each other . 
  if we 'd listen i 'm sure we 'd find that most of us are saying the same thing , and if someone is wrong throw the facts/studies/science in their face . 
  the us left is a group that tries to mesh communists with liberals . 
  communists are europe-style far left conservatives so they have no other place to go , and liberals are considered their opposite . 
  they 're just a vocal minority though . 
  it 's a little bit like the us right meshing libertarians with christian conservatives , again opposites . 
  i would n't be surprised if every one of the 20k protesters has a different motivation for being there . 
  they are not actually nazis though , nor are they saying anything about nazi ideology . 
  they literally said before the protest that they 're against racism and bigotry and just wanted a peaceful protest for free speech - it 's in an article somebody linked farther down . 
  my breasts are big and sit very low . 
  people commented on that girl from dragon age inquisition that she had `` unnatural '' and `` ugly '' breasts , because they were low , and that is a context where people are actually being honest . 
  even if nobody reacts visibly , that does n't mean they do n't notice or judge . 
  nazi propaganda is pacifism ? 
  suuuure, 
  and what does it even have to do with this ? 
  nazism was sure as hell not about * speech * . 
  i meant that in europe , communism/socialism is left-wing conservatism and liberal/progressive parties are generally considered right wing . 
  in my country , at least . 
  and i find it weird that both us parties cover political opposites without collapsing . 
  i know they 're a minority , but a pretty loud one nowadays . 
  the bernie style social democrats are n't that different from the rest of the mainstream party , they just like a different guy . 
  i still do n't understand what people in these threads mean by `` actual nazis '' - nazis were n't exactly garden variety racists . 
  they 're pretty overpriced in my country . 
  like , 2 , 3 times the price compared to other places . 
  nazis mostly had beef against the `` wrong '' white people . 
  i do n't think black people were a significant number of holocaust victims ? 
  and they seemed to like asians well enough . 
  communist romania made searches for and confiscated personal property like gold jewelry . 
  i 've heard this about gypsies . 
  is n't it just some random racist stereotype ? 
  i 'm people used to say this about jews too pre-ww2 . 
  i 'm a translation purist and i thought they handled echoes beautifully to the point that , if i replay it , i 'll try the english dub ( instead of the undub ) because the script is really excellent . 
  the lines correspond in meaning to the japanese ones very nearly 1:1 while also managing to add that medieval flavour that japanese has trouble conveying . 
  and while the meaning is intact , the exact way they translated the lines is pretty liberal so it flows really great in english . 
  it 's easily the best localisation i 've ever seen , there 's a lot of love and respect for the source material in it . 
  echoes is more story heavy that fates too imho . 
  conquest especially is just `` ignore the story , enjoy the maps '' . 
  remember roar is dinosaur for i love you . 
  ah yes i remembered it wrong , thanks . 
  i ca n't even find it , it 's not listed as `` accuweather '' . 
  thank you . 
  i could n't disable it , but i did take away the location permission - i hope this actually works . 
  his japanese was fine , he was just using the cutesy/childish third person . 
  did they really have to turn gonta into a gorilla/caveman ? 
  there was a huge disconnect between his spoken lines during the trial and how they translated his speech . 
   ultimate fashionista, 
  even worse , it was ultimate gyaru ... 
  weird , the jp voice is overly soft and feminine . 
  you 'd think they 'd try to match that . 
  and does this count as a spoiler ?
