  i read some of the threads when the downgrade came out , but decided not to bother because - well , i do n't pirate 3ds games . 
  i do n't even use the emulators ( although i want to , i just never do ) . 
  but this is taking it a bit too far from nintendo . 
  if i brick it , too bad . 
  one customer lost definitively . 
  i wish the pace of leveling jobs was the same in the main game . 
  trying out all jobs was sooo much fun in the demo . 
  turn the numbers around . 
  82 % , 85 % , 77 % respectively do n't think this . 
  it was a weak attempt at misdirection . 
   they can just make her bisexual with a preference for women ,, 
  so ... nothing changed ? 
  she 's bisexual in the japanese version too . 
  i 'm pretty sure she was intended to be bisexual . 
  as a bisexual , it 's very upsetting when people pretend bisexual characters * must * be either gay or straight and ca n't - well , fluctuate . 
  as a matter of fact , she might even lean towards straight , considering you ca n't date her and none of the girls can either . 
  i 'm not especially worried about her support , since what i 've read of it seems shoddy and i 'm not a fan of either her design or her anime archetype , but this change makes me worried about other parts of the game being censored . 
  i hope they 're not shooting for a 12 + rating . 
  err . 
  * all * her marriage supports are with guys . 
  even if you do n't have kamui drug her , she still falls in love with men . 
  tell me about it . 
  waiting for the fire emblem fates preorder to go up in europe in torture . 
  edit : in romana . 
   niles, 
  the more fates names i hear , the more i seem to develop this twitch . 
  * niles * . 
  what next , buffee ? 
  at least rhajat looks decent ... but then , it 's a version of tharja , which was a good name localisation . 
  i want to buy story of seasons when i get my next salary early next month . 
  i was planning on buying it on release , but january was tough . 
  after that , hopefully terraria when the physical version comes out . 
  it would certainly have sold better on the n3ds . 
  you put games on platforms that have * more * of those games , not fewer . 
  you 're not filling some sort of quota , going down a checklist of genres poorly represented . 
  there 's nothing the wii u can do with just one or two jrpgs - if the wii u had its lifetime ahead it of it and got another - i do n't know , 5 or so , jrpgs ( with at least one other big-name one ) , #fe would be an asset . 
  as it is , not even smtv would have sold on it , nevermind a title this controversial . 
  the reason it sold * terribly * was the platform . 
  for the reason it did n't sell * well * , yeah . 
  not yet . 
  i 'm refreshing amazon.de every day . 
  `` latin '' spanish ? 
  as opposed to ... non-latin spanish ? 
  now that 's just confusing ... 
  e optionala . 
  i 'm glad they fixed the character designs . 
  i hope they also fix the animation now . 
  the legs have definition now !, 
  rune factory 4 is not heavy in story . 
  the story is honestly more of an excuse for game progression . 
  have you played terraria for the pc yet ? 
  close enough ? 
  although it 's not turn-based - it 's action , you swing a sword around . 
  but yes . 
  dungeons and farming are the main elements , along with some dating sim stuff you probably do n't want . 
  da , acel ceva putred se numeste bor si influenta pe care o are . 
  adoption also doubles as gay marriage there , since it 's functionally the same in a lot of ways . 
  only in the us . 
  all romance language countries consider themselves `` latins '' . 
  i want to pet leon . 
  only the reddit ones , as far as i can tell . 
  but reddit is generally more pro-corporate / pro-censorship than other places on the internet , for reasons most of us can probably imagine . 
  you poked the faces of your characters . 
  poking your waifu/husbando would result in some mildly suggestive dialogue . 
  zero has the most suggestive dialogue , from the couple i 've bothered to watch on youtube . 
  imagine poking your younger sister in the forehead , or pinching her cheeks . 
  that sort of thing . 
   nintendo confirmed to me that petting is 100 percent out . 
  welp . 
  that 's that for waiting for the europe release and not trying to pirate it . 
  compared to everywhere else on the internet ? 
  people actually * discuss * it here . 
  as if there are two sides . 
  anti-censorship comments actually get * downvoted * a lot on this sub , and on / r/fire _ emblem . 
  if it ca n't be patched , you might still be able to downgrade and pirate the fan-translation . 
  imagine , the community of fire emblem fans got together to to translate this game that was already announced for release because they * anticipated * the heavy censorship . 
  and it turned out they were right . 
  unbelievable . 
  you could always just * ignore * it . 
  or , you know , you could just * not * marry her . 
  it was perfectly innocent if you married * somebody else * . 
  even so - this is what the regular skinship for elise looks like :, 
  here is the * married * skinship for midoriko :, 
  in what universe is this in any way inappropriate ? 
  please note that i cherry-picked the most obviously problematic examples . 
  `` i do n't like it , so it should be excluded '' does n't justify it 's exclusion . 
  as it is , i 'm deprived of something i would have enjoyed so others can have the option of not choosing whether or not they want to play that part . 
  sexual content is perfectly fine in europe . 
  i watched the danish girl last weekend , and it was rated 15 + . 
  it had * full frontal male nudity * . 
  but we are n't receiving two separate localizations , we 're getting just the one that panders to puritan sensibilities . 
  it 's not that people are just uncomfortable with * sexual content * , because there was no sex in this game . 
  what they 're uncomfortable with amounts to blushes over pinching cheeks and `` i love you , please kiss me '' in the context of monogamous marriage . 
  but i do n't care about that part . 
  if they never included it in the first place , that 's one thing and i would n't have missed it . 
  what bothers me is that it 's existing content that was actively removed . 
  it 's 3 or so extra minutes of voiced dialogue , some nice live2d images of the characters , a minor extra insight into many of them with the marriage scene . 
  just * cut * . 
  what 's so weird about them ? 
  other than the concept of marrying * midoriko * or * elise * , of course .
