  for eo gameplay you 're better off getting one of the actual eo games , and for the smt/persona angle either smtiv or one of the devil survivors . 
  if you have n't bought anything yet and do n't mind losing save games , you could unlink your nnid . 
  this will format the 3ds . 
  the devil survivor games . 
  the first one has like 8 unique endings . 
  your choices determine where the story heads and who survives , and the plot is pretty good too . 
  and story of seasons turned out to be a huge hit , because it turns out people prefer a fresh title to the xth harvest moon on the ds family . 
  i found the swimsuit thing nearly impossible . 
  partially because i always thought gravel = rough sand ( and it looked like that in the photograph too ), 
  i really have trouble finding a video of the freetime events with the japanese dub . 
  did n't nagito say something right at the end ? 
  and why ca n't we rewatch them . 
  i have n't had any crashes either . 
  maybe it has something to do with the world that generates . 
  quick reminder to people from the eu , since this game is sort of unlikely to come over : homebrew enables region free games . 
  you can still buy it . 
  atlus does n't usually censor imagery from their own games . 
  my most satisfying playthrough was a coward/yuzu run . 
  it was amazing how many events change just for avoiding them . 
  i managed to lock myself out of naoya 's route , imagine . 
  exactly this . 
  i 'd say it has pretty low replay value after you 've actually finished it - it 's like reading a slightly repetitive book again . 
  i finished the game with the patch , also about a year ago , but did n't encounter this bug . 
  on the other hand , the boss fights in atlantica and halloween town were bugged , but you could get around them just by loading a japanese rom . 
  the worst that was missing was a translation for items names when you open chests though , though it was n't really important , you could just check the menu afterwards . 
  i started with the jp vo , and then listened to some scenes in english . 
  i thought most of the voices were fine , including monokuma , and i 'm pretty picky about voices . 
  the one point that i have against * the dub though , is nagito : his dub voice completely mischaracterised him . 
  the original voice was soft , breathy , with a self-deprecating edge . 
  every crazy thing he said , he said it so genuinely that you ca n't tell whether he 's serious or not . 
  it ranged from completely unhinged to cutting like a sharp blade to low like a bedroom voice , often in the same scene - half of nagito 's characterisation came from ogata 's voice work . 
  it underlines the contradictions fundamental to his character . 
  his english voice was rough and scratchy . 
  it was deeper than any 15 year old 's voice should be , so it clashed with the design - it was alienating . 
  the tone was pretty consistently sarcastic , smug , arrogant . 
  you know everything he says is a lie , an attempt to manipulate you . 
  he does sound dangerous , but in a different , more real and less unpredictable way . 
  i 'm not sure anyone could pull off what the original actress did , considering she has been voice acting for almost as long as i 've been alive - maybe that 's the reason the location team said `` screw it '' and went with something else . 
  but nagito is my favorite character and i did n't like the something else that they went with . 
  i 'm not an english native either and i can understand spoken japanese well enough . 
  i usually pick the subs too . 
  i can see someone who does n't getting disoriented during the class trials though , when you 're also listening to verbal cues . 
  anything anyone could possible say about this is a spoiler . 
  dr1 was so long ago , i really do n't remember . 
  in dr2 :, 
  chapter 1 - i suspected teruteru with the iron skewer from the start , although i did n't guess how he did it * especially * not nagito 's hand in it . 
  chapter 2 - i thought fuyuhiko and hiyoko were too obvious , but i did n't suspect peko at all . 
  that took me by complete surprise . 
  chapter 3 - mikan was my first suspect , this case was pretty easy . 
  when i saw the black curtain during the murder , i knew the video was filmed in the hospital conference room . 
  chapter 4 - i had no idea at all , i did n't even catch the part where the rooms were soundproof during exposition . 
  i still do n't understand how the door handle could possibly hold a cyborg 's weight , even for a short time . 
  i suspected her even after they 've proven it was a suicide , i just did n't want to believe it . 
  why all those * pointless wounds * ? 
  but i guess the game did have its desired effect , i was just as dazed and shocked by the entire thing as someone actually experiencing it live . 
  chapter 6 - i guessed that it was some sort of ai world from the beginning . 
  i suspected one of the characters must have been an ai , but i did n't realise which until this chapter . 
  * other than that , it was all a bis surprise . 
  it was pretty fun in the endgame of sdr 2 when people were talking about * highschool-level * this and that so seriously . 
  the humorous vibe was lost when translating it to `` ultimate '' . 
  sdhl  shsl  ultimate for me . 
  the first one is the most silly , that 's why i like it . 
  one of the manga scanslations used elite class . 
  that 'd flow even better , i think . 
  my grandmother has one . 
  she stores all sorts of things , like seasonal fruits and vegetables , a lot of them prepared a certain way . 
  you have n't played rune factory 4 yet . 
  it 's the best jrpg on the device imho, 
  it 's an action jrpg fused with harvest moon farming . 
  there 's a heavy emphasis on exploration , crafting and building relationships as well . 
  but because of how the game is set up , you can ignore any one thing and do the rest , without the game feeling disjointed at all . 
  the dungeoning/combat aspect can also get really challenging . 
  there 's a lot of freedom and little pressure . 
  it 's honesly relaxing . 
  it tries to be a jack of all trades , and succeeds . 
  for the best story , try devil survivor overclocked . 
  the second one is good too . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  they censored klaus 's second event compared to the us version , for whatever reason . 
  nici pe mine nu ma incanta idea . 
  japan has more gay characters in its media than the west ever did . 
  and was n't one character in this game a boy that can be romanced by both genders ? 
  one of the more recent ones . 
  edit : ahh , mixed it up . 
  inari 's gender is purposefully unclear though ( thry actually wrote `` is it a boy or is it a girl ? 
  '' ) , and he/she can be romanced by either gender . 
  you know , i just finished danganronpa 2 where at least two characters were openly not straight . 
  it 's not true that japanese games feature fewer gay/bi characters . 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  most of the games with a gay character that i can think of are either bioware or from japan . 
  they needed time to rewrite klaus 's second flower event and code turtle soup and underage drinking out of the game . 
  in romania , it 's currently a popular movement . 
  since ministers are appointed , not elected , everyone agrees that appointing an expert in the field is a good idea : someone who studied and worked in tourism as minister of tourism , someone who worked in education as minister of education etc. 
  it 's working out pretty well so far . 
  the only downside is that we wo n't get to keep our current ministers after the parliamentary elections , because political interests . 
  in terms on story , it might actually be better togo from conquest to birthright . 
  conquest has a terrible story . 
  i was speaking from experience and i 'm female . 
  but whatever . 
  that cenk guy is terrible , but the others on the show are fun to watch .
