  * ronaldo is halfway between law and neutral, 
  * yamato is halfway between chaos and law, 
  * psyduck is halfway between chaos and neutral, 
  * daichi is simply neutral, 
  good . 
  there 's a post about someone getting kicked out by their family or being afraid they will at least once a week on / r/atheism . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with the community , no more so than the various pro-religion circlejerks on this website . 
  taking a quick look at the front page of that subreddit , there are threads about, 
   jehova 's witnesses child abuse policies in the uk, 
   fox news calling religion a minority, 
   o'reilly saying something stupid, 
   conservative politicians telling people in texas to fight the gay marriage ruling, 
  and various other things that are either 1 % as you said or circlejerky , but those points - even if you do n't personally agree , they 're not 1 % . 
  what about the women who are forced to wear it ? 
  i support any such ban because the hardship of the women being opressed with these veils beats the comfort of the women choosing to wear them . 
  i disagree . 
  the sub is fairly rational and non-vitriolic compared to many other subs i 'm on . 
  in fact , i do n't think i 've ever seen them hurl abuse at anyone . 
  if someone is arguing for theism and their arguments are bad ( and most are , because a lot of the people on the sub are from religious backgrounds themselves , so they 've heard them already and had to think them through before losing their faith ) , then they will be downvoted because they add nothing to the discussion . 
  a lot of circlejerk gets upvoted though , just like anywhere else on reddit . 
   it 's inappropriate for lds bishops to meet alone with teen girls to ask questions about masturbation/porn behind closed doors and without parents present . 
  would it be more appropriate if they asked teenage girls about her masturbation habits and porn with her religious parents present ? 
  the mental image is pretty amusing at least . 
   slaves were equal to masters , women to men, 
  that is not true . 
  it took over a dozen centuries for slavery to be eradicated in christian europe . 
  the orthodox church of romania still sold slaves a decade after it was abolished in the us . 
  and furthermore , the holy bible contradicts * both * of those statements multiple times . 
  not that christian peasants were allowed to read the bible before luther , but still . 
  growing up catholic , i was taught that anyone who had mortal sins ( sins knowingly committed ) could not go to heaven , regardless of how many good deeds they have done . 
  and growing up catholic i was taught that baptism is necessary to erase one of the sins preventing you from entering heaven . 
  please explain , because as i understand it the roman catholic church , though not going by that name yet , was the original christianity . 
  they decided what books went into the bible and what the dogma was , after all . 
  are you talking about very , very early christianity , when they still used the symbol of a fish instead of a cross ? 
  til yu-gi-oh is alternate take on atenism , where akhenaten 's brother became pharaoh instead and akhenaten went crazy . 
  also , kaiba is apparently the reincarnation of tutankhamun . 
  there might be leeway for someone who never heard of jesus , since it 's not a ` mortal ' sin if you commit it unknowingly , but modern unbelievers would certainly go to hell under catholic dogma . 
  you do realise they also persecute atheists in those countries , right ? 
  as well as nearly everyone else ? 
  that 's actually true though . 
  the reason the government form is bad is because you ca n't change the king . 
  you can educate people and change public opinion though . 
  i want to use my club nintendo stars to redeem a download code and club nintendo is asking for my address to finalise the order . 
  my club nintendo is in germany , but i 'm not from germany . 
  i can give a fake address , but will they send the download code to my email address or will they physically mail it to the address i specify ? 
  edit : nevermind , i went ahead and the download code was displayed right after confirming it . 
  it does n't say `` in the name of atheism '' , it simply says that those are things an atheist would n't do . 
  communists and fascists were presumably atheists , so they count . 
  people will find justification to be horrible to each other even without religion - the kind of frustrated person who beheads people for believing in a slightly different interpretation of their holy book would not become a functioning member of society if he suddenly lost faith . 
  the answer to this is more along the lines of raising children with the values of humanism and an actual internal moral compass rather than fear of an almighty overseer dictating their actions , but it does n't have to necessarily be atheism ( although generally it 'll be ) . 
  have you tried opening and closing the 3ds ? 
  ( jk , have you tried it on another device ? ), 
  una nu o exclude pe cealalta ... 
  i unistalled it after an update because it had some formatting features for the website i did n't like . 
  there 's translation patches for all three final mixes out there . 
  the translation patch for kh1 can be a bit wonky ( it had a few bugs ) , but kh2 runs like a dream . 
  but he said he already has two copies . 
  the final mixes came out originally on ps2 in japan . 
  i used to read from tarot cards in highschool . 
  the readings were always accurate in surprising ways and i always insisted that the person i 'm reading for does n't tell me anything . 
  at one point i got so good that using a regular deck of cards i could pinpoint exactly where one card was ( the ace of hearts is the fifth from the bottom ... things like that ) . 
  nowadays i think it was luck combined with various biases , especially since i have n't been able to do it since i started college . 
  emucr does n't in my experience . 
  it 's pretty much the only website i check for emulator progress . 
  mine lasted a few months before it cracked , and i keep reapplying super glue when it breaks . 
  it really depends on your luck . 
  smtiv is way easier than your standard smt . 
  kingdom hearts ddd can be pretty ballbusting on higher difficulties . 
  it was easier than any of bravely default , the etrian series or rune factory 4 on normal , in my opinion . 
  the only difficult bit was getting past the initial dungeon , but even that was easy if you did the optional quests bosses . 
  i went in to scout minotaur after beating that monkey guy and accidentally beat him because he had the exact same weaknesses . 
  it 's really not a hard game , unless you 're generally bad at turn-based rpgs or something . 
  i found smtiv really easy , but those other games varying degrees of difficult on normal , with eo untold being the easiest from the bunch . 
  with bravely default , a lot of the difficulty was in how tedious it was to play and level up in it , and in rune factory that you had to farm items and exploit every mechanic you could think of in the game to get through rune prana . 
  smtiv was sukukaja x4 and hit weaknesses for bosses , and autobattle everything else except for a notable few encounters . 
  i even ruined flynn by pushing str and it still did n't really make a difference . 
  of course they do . 
  the people so vehemently against piracy are people who can not imagine someone both pirating and buying games , or not using any opportunity to pirate commercial games , because they themselves would n't buy a game they can easily pirate . 
  at the park ? 
  was n't he risking the sex offender list anyway then , for having sex in public ? 
  only third for me . 
  i do n't play much on pc anymore these days ( the 3ds is so much more comfortable ) , and on mobile the controls are difficult and it saps the battery too quickly . 
  poti verifica fara sa descarci aplicatia ? 
   no match found, 
  hear , hear !, 
  i completely agree with you !, 
  i love looking at my physical collection of games and opening a package when you get a game you ordered , and opening the game case to see what 's in it is the most fun thing ever - especially when you stumble across some things you did n't expect , like that poster that 's included with project x zone . 
  although , there 's disappointing parts too ... like soul hackers only having a carton slip when in the us region it comes with a cd . 
  or the etrian games only having a carton slip and nothing else inside their case . 
  maybe not exactly floating , but suspended on very tall poles . 
  like the jetsons . 
  you were probably banned because arguing and breaking the circle jerk is not allowed there according to the rules on the sidebar , even if you disagree with the post . 
  that 's ostensibly what / r/srsdiscussion is for . 
  i 'm subscribed there but i stopped visiting because there 's always something that i disagree about and it frustrates me that i ca n't say anything . 
  not necessarily . 
  a loli is a character who looks underage but is sexually or romantically available in the context of the story , or often just in the context of the circlejerk surrounding it . 
  nowi from fire emblem is a loli , so is kyon 's sister . 
  a character in the airing anime gate is literally called `` loli '' ( rory ) . 
  erotica need n't be involved . 
  it 's also a japanese street fashion inspired by victorian style clothing and in this context has nothing to do with underage girls .
