  if you were right , we 'd pay like $ 2 for a $ 20 game , to reflect wage differences . 
  i feel like the only one who liked it ... 
  well , except for how they completely mischaracterised yamato . 
  but the ending was good . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` i would buy that on day 1 . '' ), 
  thanks . 
  i was n't assuming the prices would go down that much , i was just pointing out that your argument is stupid . 
  prices are based in how much they can get away with . 
  americans would n't stand for the prices they force on everyone else , so they get a break . 
  defending the bullshit pricing in europe and other regions is the worst thing to do in this situation . 
  i 'd buy jack bros. 
  ... which we 'll never get in europe ? 
  sigh, 
  atlus , why do you hate money ? 
  get devil survivor oc . 
  you have a lot of endings left , and most of them have hours of unique extra story . 
  choosing a build early is n't that important ( as long as you do n't overwrite focus and some other critical skills ) . 
  in fact , you 're better off balancing mag and str in the beginning when mag is actually useful for clearing mobs ( not to mention , you wo n't have to waste levels for that one door in the last kalpa ) . 
  regarding magatama , save yourself a huge headache and look for a magatama table online . 
  you do n't get skills at each level-up and sometimes there are a * lot * if levels between individual skills on one magatama . 
  heretic mansion for fusion will also be useful later on , but if you cheat in just one area , make it magatamas . 
  i just realized i do n't remember anything from this show except for the openings and a vague sense of having liked it . 
  amane , naoya and yuzu have an extra day of * unique * content each ( the 8th day scenarios overclocked added to the original game ) . 
  naoya and yuzu have two endings . 
  it 's good that you played atsuro 's ending first , since he does n't . 
  plus , you have n't played all events in the first seven days - i mean , you ca n't have . 
  this game is * made * for multiple playthroughs . 
  i sunk 90 hours into it and i 'm just as terrible at finishing games ( i stopped playing overcloked right before that fight on naoya 's route  _  ; ; ) . 
  eh , the rule in megaten games ( and rpgs generally ) is that if things are kicking your butt , you need to grind until things are n't kicking your butt . 
  the fusion animation used 3d ? 
  i never noticed . 
  the only visual improvement i really want over overcloked is moving the action to the top screen . 
  i do n't think they will though ? 
  [ am absolvit acu 2 ani jumate ] ( / spoiler ), 
  winter hours are nice . 
  i look forward to waking up at 6 instead of at 5 . 
  homebrews are still a legitimate use , as well as playing fan translations of unreleased games and gba roms ( since the 3ds dropped gba compatibility for some reason i ca n't fathom ) . 
  ds and gba games are n't on the estore , so it 's not reducing any sales in that department . 
  i keep wanting and forgetting to buy a dstwo or some other cart like that . 
  yes , but you need a very old edition 3ds that can be a gamble to find , and the cart itself costs like $ 60 . 
  piracy is practically non-existent on the 3ds for now . 
  but none of those are piracy either . 
   devil survivor overclocked, 
  the na version had and still has a milder version of the gamebreaking bug the eu version had . 
  right now the eu version is the best , because after the patch it never freezes or crashes . 
  of the various eu publishers , ghostllight have been my favorite , despite the 2 year delay . 
  okay , although i ca n't say i care much about the dmca 's secondary goals . 
  thank you !, 
  i will , if i ever get around to buying one :d, 
  since when is petricia a male name ? 
  ... since when is petricia a name , for that matter ? 
  the average man has creepy eyes . 
  i do n't get what 's political about that slogan . 
  or do republicans ` lean bckward ' ? 
  i did n't downvote anything , i just woke up . 
  danganropa 1 & 2 were ports as well , although the psp games did n't get localized . 
  it does matter , because it shows that the best games for the vita are nearly all ports . 
  which is fine , since porting to a handheld ( or a newer system ) is great , but - yeah . 
  we all know the problems of the poor vita . 
  nintendo has already said that previous games wo n't be able to make use of the extra power in the n3ds . 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  how is 19 hours without rushing a realistic finish on any of the games , nevermind khi or ii ? 
  what hour does the uk eshop update ? 
  ( i want to buy smtiv the second it comes out ), 
  the gateway costs as much as 2-3 games , it 's really not that great if you want to pirate to cut costs . 
  that new flashcart is double that . 
  third party themes , like from atlus and square enix related to their games . 
  i added the slim version to my amazon cart just a few hours ago to check the price because i 'd really like it . 
  it 's # 191 with shipping and a memory card : / ( and this after the hefty price cut ), 
  it just does n't strike the right balance between price and system sellers . 
  devil survivor is hard , but amazing . 
  you 'll want to do multiple playthoughs of it to get several endings , but three of have hours of extra ( unique ) content in the so-called `` 8th day '' ( you 'll know when you play it ) . 
  it 's basically a combination of pokemon and fire emblem with a healthy dose of mythology and religious themes ( discussed and explored seriously from several viewpoints ) . 
  you can try http://www.game.co.uk , but i 'm not sure you 'll find the prices you want . 
  i think they will work if you 're in the same region as the us . 
  i recommend you try with a cheaper game first though , to test it . 
  yes . 
  the strategy in devil survivor is n't as deep , but the battles are faster and more involved . 
  demon fusion is really fun too . 
  i 'm not joking about it being hard the first time around though . 
  the final bosses and the various 8th days can be nasty . 
  i say try it , especially at this price . 
  ( as a tip , do n't worry too much about missing events . 
  you can do them the second time around . 
  and do n't forget to crack the skill holy dance . 
  19 hours is definitely rushing it . 
  that 's the kind of time i 'd expect from casual speedruns , heh . 
  edit : i just finished kh1 and it took me about 40 hours with little grinding , and that 's really low for the franchise . 
  the only other game this short was ddd , also 40-ish hours while rushing the last worlds . 
  so hype, 
  ... now it just needs to finish downloading without erroring out . 
  same here !, 
  although i use hiro instead of hero . 
  i try to vary them though . 
  the protag of soul hackers was shuji kou for instance . 
  the accent is on the a and mi though . 
  and both makoto and yuuki are masculine names . 
  the sailor moon character had the name to emphasize how manly she was . 
  yuuki as a girl 's name would be just yuki i think ?
