  digital rewards were only introduced this year to club nintendo , meaning that nobody outside of the ten or so nintendo countries could use the stars for anything for a long time . 
  warranty only applies within the eea , and even then you can kiss any sort of support good-bye once the warranty expires . 
  nearly all games are price-gouged with # = $ . 
  i honestly do n't care very much about nintendo 's first party titles other than fire emblem and maybe animal crossing - i never had a console growing up , so the nostalgia is just missing . 
  i bought my 3ds for the third party games on it , especially from atlus , and we are constantly being screwed over when it comes to them . 
  `` just '' 6.82 , wow, 
  tele-evangelists are just helping you go to heaven by relieving you of your bothersome money !, 
  the cave of remembrance that was added to the final mix would have made for an awesome dlc . 
  but , considering how dlc is lately , we 're more likely to get cosplay and custom keyblades for sora and optional battles for 1.99 $ each . 
  yeah , it 's even recommended . 
  devil survivor overclocked has 10 endings . 
   you are complaining about not getting a wallet chain . 
  why !? 
  and ar cards , but the better question is why ? 
  and why always us ? 
  though either , it 's just a drop in the bucket of things we 're missing out on . 
   is n't splatoon much cheaper there than in the us ? 
  i do n't know , and it 's not a 3ds game . 
  could you upload a screenshot ? 
  999 is the first game , play that first . 
  nope , no dangers as far as i know . 
  the biggest danger is installing a bad theme and losing access to your screen , but there are ways around that . 
  just in case , back up the contents of your sd card on your pc . 
  of course , nintendo may patch the exploit in an update so make sure you do n't update the console before finishing the games . 
  since it 's fire emblem , be warned that spotpass does n't work with out-of-region games and you ca n't download and install dlc . 
  smt4 might still be on sale . 
  that 's very nice , but my carrier never updates android versions so it 's moot . 
  how many people have the current version of android ? 
  it 's not like you can update it . 
  i do n't know what a quail is , i voted bird . 
  shin megami tensei 4 and devil survivor . 
  i voted it because i heard about people eating it , so i assumed it was a bird of some kind . 
  yeah , but i 'm personally more familiar with types of edible fish than the various kinds of birds . 
  nintendo games only huh ? 
  does the unreleased #fe count ? 
  other than that , i 'd pick the wii fire emblems . 
  ironhax has no online capability , it 's installed to your system . 
  i hope they do n't mind us pirating them then . 
  they really have no excuse for not releasing snes games on the 3ds , when there 's a homebrew emulator that can run a lot of them well . 
  if christian afterlife existed , i 'm pretty sure i 'd end up in hell - i have most of the seven deadly sins covered ( same as most people ) . 
  actually , i do n't understand how anyone * can * be comforted by the thought of an afterlife - i mean , half of it is eternal torture !, 
  grandpa dies , oh he 's in heaven watching over us , or more likely * he 's being horrifically tortured by beings more cruel than our minds can imagine * . 
  nope , no thanks . 
  keep the torture fantasies away from me . 
   modafinil is reportedly a controlled substance in romania . 
  one visitor reports that a family member was fined ( to a maximum of 3000 euro ) after ordering through the mail . 
  of course it is . 
  life can never give me an easy solution to my add , can it ? 
   do n't drop the soap . 
  that is what i told my son . 
  really ? 
  that 's what you tell your own flesh and blood for landing himself in prison ? 
  literally ' i do n't care if you get raped ' ? 
  you could n't do without a rape joke . 
  what is wrong with these people ? 
  my parents have a 15 year age difference . 
  she was in her mid twenties when they met though , and 24 and 39 is less creepy than 15 and 30 . 
  it 's not exactly friendly advice . 
  what i 'm irked about , she 's trying to make a point about brutality but just felt the need to casually trivialize prison rape . 
  and uses * her own son * as an example there . 
  i understand she 's grieving now , but if she ever actually had that talk then she 's also a huge hypocrite . 
  `` your self-worth is exactly $ 14.70 ma'am . 
  the almighty , all-knowing and infinitely benevolent god says so . 
  would you like to sell out in cash or is a cheque fine ? '', 
  uh , no . 
  more like , people in general . 
  `` what 's wrong with people who talk about prison rape like it 's a joke '' , not `` what 's wrong with black people who ... '' . 
  are you seriously calling `` it 's your own fault for getting sent there . 
  you belong there . 
  do n't drop the soap . '', 
  motherly advice ? 
   i told my children that if you ( mess ) up , if you go to jail , i am not getting you out . 
  you will stay there . 
  you will do the time . 
  i am not coming to visit you . 
  [ ... ] [ if you do n't care about me and your father ] you belong in there . 
  do n't drop the soap . 
  and everyone is already focusing on her actual point , my comment does n't stop them . 
   note : the reviewer 's 3ds broke about three quarters into the game , after over fifty-seven hours of playing , during the fourth dungeon . 
  wait a second , this happened to me too - also during the fourth dungeon . 
  my 3ds screen started flickering , then the device died and did n't turn on for over a week . 
  this ca n't be a coincidence . 
  there was a thread on / r/megaten a few days ago a few days ago where a certain review of persona q came up . 
  the review had a note in it :, 
   note : the reviewer 's 3ds broke about three quarters into the game , after over fifty-seven hours of playing , during the fourth dungeon . 
  this exact thing happened to me too - also during the fourth dungeon , and also about 57 hours in . 
  my 3ds screen started flickering , then the device died and did n't turn on for over a week . 
  this ca n't be a coincidence . 
  has this happened to anyone else ? 
   there 's exactly two people with an issue, 
  that 's why i asked whether there was anyone else . 
  i did n't think it could be an issue with the game until i came across this review . 
  well , thousands of people have played it without any trouble . 
  even if you just look at it statistically , i do n't think anything will happen . 
  you should add rune factory 4 and the devil survivor games to your list . 
  if it helps , it 's a fantasy jrpg . 
  no factories or industrialization involved !, 
  his wife is a feminist . 
  this is n't feminism , it 's our reactionary culture . 
  i could n't put down devil survivor overclocked down when i got it .
