  his opponent , victor ponta , led a very disgusting and highly manipulative campaign , accusing iohannis of everything from child trafficking to not being the ` correct ' religion . 
  there were reports of voter fraud coming in every hour during the elections , and his political party was famously handing out bribes to poor farmers , in the form of oil , sugar and flour . 
  practically every word out of his mouth during his campaign was a lie . 
  he sent notes with the messages `` iohannis will cut your pensions '' to old people along with their pensions . 
  his strongest argument was that the previous president was supporting his counter-candidate , which he officially was n't until friday . 
  he could do all this because he is also the prime minister and , as the prime minsiter , was responsible for organizing the elections . 
  he organized them so well that 12.000 people had to stand in line for half a day just to vote , and this just in london . 
  ponta also belongs to a political party that acts more like a mafia family and is directly responsible for the corrupt state of the country 25 years after our revolution . 
  iohannis , on the other hand , had a campaign that was criticized for being too polite ( ! ) . 
  his biggest accomplishment is turning sibiu from a communist hole into a european cultural capital - as a mayor , he was reelected twice with over 80 % of the vote and no significant political party backing him . 
  him being elected as president ... well , it 's a sign of change . 
  today i 'm proud of living in romania . 
  edit : sorry for the many edits . 
  i keep forgetting words , it 's late here . 
  that 's not exactly right , what he 's saying . 
  a lot of us ( especially where iohannis had an overwhelming majority ) voted for him because we wanted * him * as our president . 
  integrated rroma are treated just fine in banat and transylvania . 
  especially in tirgu mures , i 've seen incredibly polite gypsies , identifiable only by their ethnic clothing . 
  we discriminate against the same people italy and france keep complaining about , not regular people with slightly darker skin . 
  ~ ~ to be fair , papa cel curent e destul de liberal/modern in gandire . ~ ~, 
  $ 60 is a discount price in most of the world . 
  to anyone in romania , there are still copies of this game for 110 ron ( 25 euro ) at okazii . 
  expensive , but if any of you actually has money this can be an amazing investment . 
  can we play ds roms with this ? 
  edit : why the downvote d : there are several fan-translated ds games i 'd like to try , including tokimeki memorial girls side and a tales of game . 
  there 's the matter of rune factory 4 in europe . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the best thing to do , i just hope they do n't fix the exploit . 
  blocking us from buying new games just because we want to play some old games on it ... is kinda mean . 
  this game is available in romania on okazii.ro for 25 eur before shipping ( they did n't change the price yet ) . 
  you can try contacting the seller to ask about international shipping . 
  edit : it 's also # 23.79 with unspecified postage on ebay . 
  imagine someone who decided to sell or throw away their copy of cubic ninja , hahah . 
  all of them , right now . 
  just do n't update it . 
  snag several of them , their value will skyrocket as soon as the exploit is out . 
  fuck him . 
  edit : ` mestaza ' -  metastaza wtf, 
  what money will they lose if we emulate games that are n't on the eshop ? 
  i know , but i do n't have one yet and it would be great . 
  does n't everyone who wants those games already own those games ? 
  they 're not exactly expensive ... 
  what about digital devil saga 2 ? 
  it 's available in romania , on okazii.ro for 25 $ before shipping . 
  you might have some luck talking to that seller before they realize what 's happening . 
  ( the 25 $ is the standard price for a 5-10 $ 3ds game here ), 
   usually ships within 2 to 4 weeks . 
  good luck ? 
  edit : inaghiara -  in maghiara, 
  ma refeream la fazele cu evolutie si gay marriage , dar, 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/pope-francis-declares-union-between-man-and-woman-at-root-of-marriage-in-blow-to-gay-rights-9867561.html ), 
   upcoming 9 . x native compatibility update, 
  it can be used on new firmwares now ? 
   then there will eventually be custom firmwares that can load any region game and etc. 
  wait , the region lock is just a firmware issue ? 
  germania nu e o monarhie . 
  si eu am kindle paperwhite si confirm , e absolut fantastic . 
  l-am luat de la amazon . 
  a costat un ban frumos si varianta fara reclame nu il vindeau international . 
  you 'll have a terrible time against the next few bosses if you do that . 
  focus on having at least two demons ( or flynn and a demon ) with sukukaja . 
  sukukaja and rakukaja are the key to winning * all * early battles , no exceptions . 
  hitting weaknesses of course is also important . 
  healing is pretty crap until you get mediarama much later , so do n't focus too much on it . 
  wtf . 
  de la amazon . 
   ebook kindle paperwhite wi-fi 399.99 lei, 
  calibri . 
  turned out the shop i ordered it from had it `` in stock at supplier '' , and guess what , it was n't in stock anymore when they ordered it * the next day * . 
  i feel you too . 
  window faces west ? 
  having to wake up before sunrise ? 
  there 's about a million reasons . 
  dude , that 's almost exactly the set-up i use too . 
  people think i 'm crazy for having that many alarms . 
  fuck them . 
  thank you , after downloading it i had the best night of sleep in a long time !, 
  and i discovered that my sleep cycle is 75 minutes ( no wonder other sleep cycle apps were n't working ) . 
  the 3ds has many other good games if you 're into japanese rpgs . 
  anime si game of thrones, 
  it 's hard , but not that much harder than eo : untold . 
  appropriate , no . 
  however , i have a lot less sympathy if a rapist gets raped in turn . 
  the same way i have a lot less sympathy if a murderer gets murdered or a thief gets stolen from . 
  that said , you ca n't let it happen anyway . 
  you ca n't keep a list of people that ` can be raped ' heh . 
  i do , actually . 
  i have even less sympathy for rapists who get away , regardless of gender . 
  somehow it 's sad that you can get shot in face over a prayer that starts with `` in the name of god , the merciful , the compassionate '' ... 
  i was raised catholic and i used to recite that prayer twice a day in three languages . 
  i 've just realized i ca n't remember the words anymore , in any of those three languages . 
  people forget . 
  it 's not that unusual . 
  that map looks really weird . 
  the stress is n't on the `` to '' , so i do n't mind / did n't even notice . 
  i 'm too used to minato to ever call him makoto . 
  i 'll probably name him minato asato in pq . 
  his face is a spread ass . 
  that red eye in the middle of the forehead looks like an anus . 
  it 's not just nudity/sex though . 
  the reverse hills alone deserves a 16 + .
