  it 's not the first thing they check out though . 
  and bulges ? 
  why bulges ? 
  most of those are hidden because most men do n't wear skin-tight pants . 
  that 's what i was wondering too . 
  my mouse is nowhere near my keyboard . 
  although this might explain why i hate gaming with a mouse and others do n't . 
  i always try to map everything to the keyboard . 
  play awakening first . 
  * better story, 
  * easier , simpler, 
  * you wo n't miss the references in conquest, 
  apocalypse is a direct sequel to one of the endings . 
  runa factory : action-jrpg , a focus on story , like a million misc activities , dating sim elements , farming , crafting , dungeon crawling . 
  it 's a very relaxing game despite this - every single single element , including the story , is optional . 
  harvest moon / story of seasons : farming , dating sim elements , crafting . 
  tense , you 're constantly running out of time . 
  addicting as hell . 
  animal crossing : life sim with misc activities . 
  no story , relaxed . 
  few characters , cutesy art . 
  some multiplayer . 
  it 's a nintendo game lots of tie-in content like amiibos , smash characters and happy home designer . 
  you play it in short bursts because you always have too much time ( it 's the opposite of harvest moon in lots of ways ) . 
  tomodachi life seems to be the sims with cutesy artstyle but less customization and freedom . 
  you should also look into attack of the friday monsters , it 's a short game that you might like from your comment . 
  i only usually play one game at a time . 
  i do n't really have enough free time to do any more . 
  right now i 'm playing fates ( slowpoke , i know ) and feeling sort of sad that i 'm not getting to play smt apocalypse on launch . 
  my mother has a golden retriever i can understand like that . 
  he signals his moods and wants very clearly , and he adapts to the person with him . 
  he sits down if he does n't want to go somewhere . 
  he pulls when he does want to go somewhere . 
  he 's calmer and does n't pull when my grandmother is walking him , he 's more obedient off the leash with me than with my mother because he trusts me not to put him straight back on the leash too quickly . 
  he responds to whistles without me specifically training him to do it . 
  i can point to things and he looks to where i 'm pointing - if i point to water , he knows it means i want him to drink . 
  if he does n't want to , he turns his head a really specific way . 
  he knows all of our names , if i tell him `` go to x '' he goes to that person . 
  that animals communicate is , i imagine , not a surprise to people who own one . 
  i have n't played either , but if you 're already playing yokai watch , would n't you want something different for your next game ? 
  so you do n't burn out on it . 
  the lunge ninjas are there in hard mode too iirc, 
  rune factory 4, 
  i have n't played fl , but you ca n't play ac once a week . 
  it 's a game that wants you to daily , in short bursts , because 1 in game day = 1 real day . 
  i 'm not sure about the us version , but i think you can use the canadian eshop like this . 
  you can also buy eshop funds online , so that 's also an option . 
   do n't tell me humans ca n't recognize people because of that . 
  i had prosopagnosia until a few years ago , when it just - went away . 
  i could n't recognise a friend or family member if they so much as got a haircut , so yeah , definitely possible . 
  i had to take my prescription glasses off for my id photo . 
  i 'm not sure whether this requirement is different in germany . 
  i 'm not from the us though . 
  and this discussion was n't about either our countries . 
  i recommend playing awakening first . 
  it has a better story , and a better cast than birthright ( conquest is arguable when it comes to characters ) . 
  awakening will keep you occupied for a good long time . 
  if you beat awakening on hard or even lunatic , and i recommend trying , you should play fates in this order :, 
  conquest ( normal ) -  birthright ( hard ) -  revelations . 
  this is the order the story is best enjoyed in . 
  in conquest , you make some decisions that are though to swallow even knowing nothing of the situation , but understanding the particularities of why your decisions are wrong makes the story very frustrating . 
  playing it first relieves a little bit of this , and even gives way more emotional weight to birthright ( which is the route with the best story ) by having you battle characters you care for a lot knowing it 's the right thing to do . 
  the reason it 's usually recommended in a different order , is because the complexity of the gameplay goes like this :, 
  birthright < revelations < conquest , and birthright = awakening . 
  so in terms of * difficulty curve * it feels more natural , but you are n't looking for that , right ? 
  edit : also , think of them like this . 
  conquest = bad end , birthright = good end , revelations = true end . 
  the most engaging characters are the ones you 're not going to drop , in most cases . 
  i mean , most of the characters who won the popularity polls are pretty op . 
  i 'm not all digital , but i go crazy downloading every single demo and keeping a bunch of games on my sd card ( and i 'm from the eu region , so i 'm forced to in some cases ) . 
  the 32gb sd card had me worry about space after a while . 
  i feel more comfortable with my 64gb sd card , which i know i ca n't fill . 
  well , yeah , but characters like leon and takumi would be popular enough without any opness . 
  although , leon is pretty mediocre in the game , now that i think about it , if you keep him in dark knight . 
  he has a terrible speed cap that really hurts him lategame and his defence is n't optimal . 
  ( this was n't an issue in my game though , i just kept him glued to belka ), 
  well , this is for unimportant gameplay details . 
  it 's more fun if you discover a strategy that works on your own . 
  just do n't go crazy trying to recruit all kids or train all the units . 
  just do n't play revelations before conquest , even from a gameplay perspective . 
  not really . 
  i did n't have wifi when i played it , did n't feel like i missed much . 
  all of those !, 
  and then some , keep an eye out for atlus rpgs like etrian odyssey and shin megami tensei . 
  and rune factory 4 . 
  just hang around here , you 'll see the things people tend to recommend . 
  shantae is a platformer , terraria is an exploration sandbox . 
  pick whichever you like better . 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  i love it when fans get together for such an effort . 
  you can actually gain more or less weight eating the same number of calories . 
  it 's called a basal metabolic rate . 
  even something as little as 100 calories off accumulates to a lot of weight over years . 
  i mean , say your base metabolic rate ( the amount of calories your body burns just for living ) is - idk , 1400 calories . 
  someone else 's might be 1300 . 
  those two people might be at the same weight , but person ~ ~ a ~ ~ b needs to expend 100 calories worth more of effort to stay the same weight . 
  so they literally `` gain more weight eating the same food '' , as you put it . 
  you do grow to match your body 's `` set point '' and your caloric intake , but most people 's daily calorie need is usually way under the `` recommended '' 2000 calories . 
  when it comes to sugar alcohols , be careful , you still sort of have to count half of them .
