  mu does n't have to solo the whole thing , just the center of the map before the bridge . 
  are you sure ? 
  i remember using two rally spectrums ( from mu and morgan ) on some maps when i was training gaius on lunatic . 
  you sort of need to finish his map before chapter 5 anyway if you want to save ricken and maribelle . 
  i spend over a day resetting the prologue when i started lunatic because i did n't know mu and chrom could walk on water . 
  same here , although i did n't pair mu and chrom until about chapter 9 ( then i decided to have them marry and had to grind their support with mist ) . 
  this was mostly because chrom was one of the few competent units i had and i needed him paired with frederick while mu was dodgetanking in the other direction . 
  he was n't enough ( he was n't quite fast enough to survive ) , but lon ` qu picked up the slack later . 
  lon ` qu is a monster on lunatic . 
  well , damn . 
  more importantly , he * dodges * . 
  * everything * . 
  he could solo a map ( without counters ) and survive it with full hp , it was crazy . 
  none of my early-game characters except mu had the hp to survive ~ ~ more than ~ ~ 3 hits , and most of the guys with enough hp and defense to do that got doubled by everything . 
  the counters were pretty easy to avoid , all things considered . 
  he could survive one counter before astra , which was enough to kill the countering enemy , and i just had to heal him afterwards . 
  once he got astra , i had mu and morgan with tomes and galeforce to get rid of them . 
  maybe i got lucky , but the most counters i ever got on a map were 4 . 
  his downfall in my game was that enemies started spawning with comparable speed ( and a 240 rating ) after the volcano chapter late-game , making his low defense something of a liability ... but by that point lucina/morgan and chrom/mu were enough . 
  i just finished lunatic two days ago , i have n't started luna + yet . 
  i started ( my first ) normal run instead for some minmaxing fun . 
  but damn , i 'll have to rethink my strategy for luna + again . 
  what 's interesting about the difficulty modes in this game is that they force a paradigm shift on you . 
  your best strategies become useless , your best characters bad , your worst characters useful ( one of my lunatic teams was sumia/gaius !, 
  ) , you have to rethink your approach to everything - it 's a fresh experience every time . 
  `` not well received by some '' = `` we got a lot of complaints about it '', 
  `` not well received by some '' = / = `` we think it 's bad '', 
  yes , the story is weak , but i personally enjoyed it - better said , it 's functional . 
  better than i expected , worse than other well-known story-focused jrpgs . 
  the characters were also great and had depth in unexpected places . 
  lunatic is not a bullshit difficulty . 
  well , you said `` difficulties '' , so i assumed that included regular lunatic , which is n't bullshit at all and rewards you for a very tight strategy where each position matters . 
  i have n't played luna + so sure , you 're probably right about it . 
  `` it 's functional '' just means that it carried the gameplay , which it did - so no , you ca n't actually say that it was n't functional . 
  the characters were great * in my opinion * . 
  the story was n't well-appreciated , yes , but the game as a whole ( story + characters + gameplay ) was a huge success . 
  it does n't need to function as a story , a game is not a novel . 
  it just needs to function as a context for the gameplay , which it does . 
  also , i do n't understand what you mean by panne being out of place . 
  she was a very , very minor part of the cast . 
  set your country to ireland . 
  germany does n't get everything on the eshop because of their separate rating system , and the uk has inflated prices because of the exchange rate . 
  you wo n't be able to get physical prices from club nintendo , but that 's about the only downside . 
  persona q is great if you 've played persona 3 and 4 . 
  if you have n't , i recommend getting the millennium girl . 
  fe has a demo on the eshop . 
  1 ) nope , you ca n't change it . 
  if they ever open an eshop in lithuania ( although , how likely is it ? ), 
  you wo n't be able to switch to a lithuanian eshop without losing everything - games , savefiles , dlc . 
  this happened before in austria , where everyone had an account on the german eshop and were n't allowed to change it to austria once they instated one there . 
  i just remembered , one thing you ca n't use if you 're in a different country from your eshop is the anime channel . 
  but you could n't use it in a country without an eshop either . 
  2 ) they 're more expensive , but there are occasional discounts ( the eshop updates thursdays ) that makes games cheaper than the physical version + shipping . 
  also , some games are digital only . 
  * generally * you 'll want to have most of your games physical though , in case nintendo ever decides to lock liars like us out of the eshop . 
  since shipping can be a problem , i usually used amazon with the `` does amazon ship to '' firefox extension and 365games . co.uk who have low shipping rates . 
  how come we have n't modified carrots and cilantro to not taste like ass ? 
  cabbage and green beans are fine , but how do you turn carrots or radishes or eggplant into something edible ? 
  carrots - well , they 're bitter , but that aside they have a specific taste i find really unpleasant . 
  it might be the beta-carotene , because i do n't like raw tomatoes and sweet potatoes either , and i have trouble with pretty much the entire list of carotene sources . 
  eggplants - most of my experience with them is how my grandmother prepares them . 
  she bakes them in the oven and then makes a paste of out it ( like [ this ] ( http://www.cevabun.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/salata-de-vinete-cu-maioneza1.jpg ) ) that 's really popular with people . 
  i think the whole thing stinks like a public toilet and stay far away from the kitchen while the eggplants are being baked . 
  accidentally opening a container of eggplant paste in the fridge almost has me running to the toilet . 
  i do n't even remember what it tastes like , the smell alone is vile . 
  ( and i recently discovered that nobody else i know finds it bad - sort of like how i think fish smells delicious and other people say it stinks . ), 
  radishes - i tried frying them with a little butter today because i 'm constantly looking for ways to prepare things i do n't like , but it failed . 
  the problem is that they taste like cardboard topped with generic leaves soaked in something bitter . 
  in fact , all vegetables are bitter as fuck , but, 
  for some it 's easy enough to get around it . 
  spinach and green beans go well with milk . 
  broccoli baked in the oven with cream is delicious , and both broccoli and brussels sprouts lose their unpleasant vegetable-y taste if lightly boiled and topped with hollandaise sauce . 
  for cabbage , boiling it is enough - it still tastes like cabbage , but it loses that bitter `` raw leaves '' taste pretty fast . 
  before it gets fatal , it continues to eat away at your tooth , sometimes for years . 
  at some point the cavity destroys the nerve and the pain stops , but the tooth ( what 's left of it ) becomes very brittle and bits break off . 
  the broken tooth will usually be very sharp so you 'll accidentally cut your tongue on it a lot . 
  i 'm not a dentist , but i 've let cavities get this far out of fear of dentists in the past . 
  one particular tooth had ( edit ) * nothing * but the root left , i still have no idea how my dentist managed to pull that one out . 
  if the fetus is viable , why not just remove it by caesarean then ? 
  uhh ... then campaign for that instead of ` abortions never ' ? 
  i can see several problems with doing this though . 
  it 's just that the fact that if it survives if you remove it is an argument that automatically invalidates itself . 
  there were barely any games i 've played in the list , and most of the ones i did play i did n't like . 
  my scarf is pink and the pattern is different , so it 's certainly not a kufiya . 
  but the kufiya itself looks like a generic plaid scarf . 
  my point was more , how could * anyone * who did n't study the culture even guess it 's anything but a generic plaid scarf ? 
  chiar in germana !, 
  his japanese name is actually \u30af\u30ed\u30e0 = ku-ro-mu = chrom . 
  it was n't changed . 
  because it 's not pronounced as chrome either ? 
  english has a tendency to read the letter ` o ' as ` a ' for whatever inconceivable reason . 
  i do n't think they intentionally changed the pronunciation * , i think the voice actors just could n't pronounce it . 
  i 've been trying and failing to think of an english word with an ` o ' sound in it . 
  ` cold ' is the closest , but it 's still not it . 
  thanks for the link , it 's really quite fascinating and enlightening . 
   the flame of intelligence shining between his horns is the magic light of the universal balance , the image of the soul elevated above matter , as the flame , whilst being tied to matter , shines above it . 
  the ugly beast 's head expresses the horror of the sinner , whose materially acting , solely responsible part has to bear the punishment exclusively ; because the soul is insensitive according to its nature and can only suffer when it materializes . 
  the rod standing instead of genitals symbolizes eternal life, 
  one of his hands is technically supposed to be skinny / female though . 
  in terms of classical alignments,
