  she 's underweight and i 'm overweight and it 's always been that way . 
  you can call it a choice , but that just trivializes the different amount of effort different people have to put into it . 
  huh . 
  i 've never smoked , i wonder if i should get an electronic cigarette . 
  although the side-effect on the nerves/patience probably is n't worth it . 
  there 's store ice cream that 's about 15g apiece . 
  heavy , technically , but if you do n't eat carbs , like , 4 hours before and after it it could be fine depending on how much you can get away with . 
  eastern europe uses do-re-mi as well , or at least romania does . 
  i do n't think you understood my point . 
  err . 
  there are really few diseases that are n't * to some degree * your fault for doing something . 
  why draw the line there ? 
  if someone gets into a motorcycle accident , no treatment ? 
  if someone is in a fire they accidentally set no skin grafts ? 
  no aids treatment unless it 's inherited ? 
  cancer treatments all scrapped ? 
  why not dismantle public healthcare entirely ? 
  if everyone is educated acts perfectly , nobody will need doctors at all !, 
  ( almost ), 
  ( and this ` almost ' includes lots of overweight to obese people in this brave new world , because afaik things like thyroid issues and cushings are not caused by lifestyle ), 
  i 'm from romania , our healthcare is terrible and forces everyone into slightly better private clinics . 
  i 've always thought britain 's system was nice . 
  i return to it every couple of months . 
  it 's a really amazing and relaxing game . 
  region ? 
  you have to go out of your way to trigger marriage - you have to spam the character with gifts , wait for 3 or so random events to trigger ( this can literally take the whole game ) , then * also * keep confessing every day until * that * rng accepts your confession . 
  and once you 've gotten this far , you need to craft a key item to actually get married . 
  it 's more like a trophy thana mechanic . 
  you do miss a character ( your child ) , for obvious reasons , but nothing else . 
  i 'm the wrong person then , i have no idea what games are digital in the us . 
  maybe go with something like animal crossing that you 'll regret owning physically instead of digitally . 
  yep . 
  other than the child character . 
  did n't you have to craft a double bed ? 
  maybe i 'm mixing it up with story of seasons . 
  the other way around for me . 
  i hate gaming with a mouse , it feels so awkward , and i could n't map all controls to the keyboard . 
   this user has deleted their account . 
  teaching sex education = / = complete sexual freedom ( whatever that means ), 
  adding to this , do n't bother raising str . 
  what 's wrong with jill stein ? 
  she 's not going to get elected and environmentalists having a share of federal funding can only be a good thing . 
  maybe it took so long because the accusation is ridiculous ? 
  her solutions to the economy will never be applied or even * relevant * , because they will never be elected to congress . 
  all a vote for her does is communicate that there are specifically environmentalist voters and allow them to put some pressure in this direction . 
  if you are a hard left progressive as you say , there are literally no downsides to throwing her a vote . 
  do n't worry too much about it , just put everything into dex from now on . 
  i focused entirely on str during my playthrough hahah it certainly evened out the difficulty curve later ( it drops off sharply after naraku , unless you screw up like i did ) but it still worked out since you can fuse some pretty op demons to do most of the work . 
  meanwhile , have flynn learn buffs ( evade buffs especially ) . 
  ff explorers is an mmo . 
  no story , party play , things like that . 
  days is story-focused . 
  pick your poison . 
  about rf4 vs story of seasons , even though rf4 is a jrpg , it 's way more relaxing than sos . 
  in sos you 're constantly running out of time and grinding seeds , you ca n't slow down and do whatever because your crops will die or you 'll miss resources . 
  well , str does decide the damage you do directly with a sword . 
  the thing is , guns are better and the good physical skills all rely on dex . 
  i 've seen the expression `` to be broken '' used that way in japanese, 
  although they 're usually less direct , so they 'd talk about or show an actual broken thing . 
  the point was that both members of the household should have some degree of financial independence from each other . 
  i 've always been taller than her , even accounting for age ( i 'm older ) . 
  300 calories + per day is a lot of weight spread over * years * . 
  i already do n't eat those things . 
  but , try telling a child that it 's their responsibility to eat at their proper caloric intake . 
  or that they 're supposed to not eat that delicious cake while their sibling does . 
  well , obviously . 
  but my point was ,, 
   you can call it a choice , but that just trivializes the different amount of effort different people have to put into it . 
  and i 'm not sure how a parent in my case would be expected to balance the diet between an overweight and an underweight child . 
  yes , my sister was underweight as a kid . 
  yes , well , really hard to convince 10 year olds that you 're not allowed your favorite food while your sibling is . 
  my mother did try . 
  as a result , i ended up ashamed of eating in public because she ingrained it in me that eating is a shameful activity . 
  whatever , this conversation put me in a bad mood . 
  las luminozitatea cat mai jos. 
  you 're exactly right , it 's not their job to shove cow shit aside or pick up roadkill . 
  these would fit better in / r/notmyjob, 
  i really liked her support with leon . 
  their romance seemed to flow naturally , with the way he gradually got under her skin . 
   the new laws do not apply to drawings or digitally created imagery , which means graphic images of pedophilia in manga remain legal . 
  spoiler : they are talking about manga . 
  again . 
  they also mentioned japan 's thriving school prostitution scene , which is a very interesting and disturbing subject , but has nothing to do with their subject of child porn . 
  akihabara is a key-word that points to anime/manga . 
  if it 's being openly sold , i 'd guess it 's drawn . 
  i missed your first paragraph though , possibly because akihabara in the next sentence caught my eye . 
  romania finally stronk !, 
  help with skill inheritance ? 
  i 'm playing hoshido , i 'm not planning to buy skills from online , and i 'm stumped on what skills jakob and felicia should pass down to shigure , dwyer and sophia . 
  both have all the skills they naturally have access to , including amazing ones like tomebreaker , aegis + defender + luna ( jakob ) and sol and axebreaker ( felicia ) . 
  i 'm sort of thinking aegis for shigure , but will he ever be close enough to arrows to use it ? 
  thanks for the tips . 
  so i should stick to the basics and not inherit the fancier skills ? 
  i 'm not sure about shelter , i 've been keeping it on jakob , but i 've used it maybe once and that was on conquest/hard . 
  thanks !, 
  maybe it was n't difficult for him ? 
  and all diets are long-term lifestyle changes . 
  you lower your calory intake and you lose your weight until your diet calory intake matches the maintenance levels you need , then lower it some more if it 's still too high . 
  diets can and will take years , and once you 're done you have to maintain the diet that got you there for the rest of your life . 
  the main advantage of keto is that it keeps hunger at bay while you do this .
