  devil survivor overclocked is probably the hardest on the 3ds , both in the beginning and overall . 
  hard/casual is the best difficulty for beginners , because battle saves . 
  just restart every time someone dies for the full `` classic '' experience . 
  half the characters do n't even die anyway , they just become cutscene-only . 
  i almost never replay games , i still got 330 hours out of fe . 
  in bd ... well , i did n't play it for long . 
  what do you understand by `` good jpop '' ? 
  i listened to a bunch of songs from the game , and it 's clear a lot of effort was put into them . 
  the issue is n't the music , it 's the whole concept . 
  i 'm starting to feel that people like me are supposed to be the western audience . 
  i 'm no t * allergic * to idols ( i 'm not a fan , but it can work , like in akb0048 ) , i have a good idea of how the industry functions ( enough that that plushie commercial thing does n't seem that weird ) , i 'm starting to warm up to the songs and art design . 
  but thing is ... this is terrible . 
  the whole concept is something nobody ever wanted when they heard smt x atlus . 
  and of the people who 'd take the plunge and buy it , how many have a wii u ? 
  they should have put this on the n3ds . 
  they screwed themselves over so many ways with this . 
  directed by anyone other than seiji fucking kishi . 
  a commercial for a plush toy featuring giant plush toys and the character dressed as a plush toy . 
  it 's not that weird , in any context . 
  it 's weaker than the other 3ds smt games and the dungeons and story are pretty lacklustre , but well ... it plays a lot like smt4 , so if you want more of it , go for it . 
  you 're just two hours in . 
  i got tired of it at 34 hours in . 
  huh ? 
  why ? 
  nemissa 's cleavage ? 
  there 's nothing m about this game . 
  over here it 's 12 +, 
  it 's not incompatible . 
  devil survivor already is a fusion of the two battle systems - imagine desu in a fantasy setting and with huge maps . 
  or an rpg set in a fire emblem typical world , with fe tropes but also demons and the apocalypse . 
  there were a lot of ways to handle this , but atlus chose literally the worst . 
  they took the barebones gameplay mechanic of their turn-based rpgs , no demons , put it in modern tokyo ... with no smt typical apocalypses or trials or calamities . . and made it about idols , which has nothing to do with * either * series . 
  the best they could do would have been to announce an fe themed persona spin-off . 
  that would have created the correct expectations and even some hype . 
  / #fe would have gotten an anime , lots of merchandise , drama cds and so on . 
  a sequel would have been announced , and atlus would not work on an smt side-game for another few years . 
  in fact , this would have been a new subseries . 
  we might have ended up with #kh or #mario . 
  there 's also an undub for desu 2 !, 
  and it works perfectly . 
  it made me appreciate the effort the localization team put into the dub , when before i was just resenting it . 
  i want louis ( a ) ferre back . 
  if you end up finding hard too difficult and want to ` downgrade ' , go for hard/casual instead of normal/classic . 
  the normal difficulty gets trivial really fast . 
  oare primeste si tuxy ' ) ; drop table students ; -- tuxy o adeverinta ? 
  out of curiosity , why use the name corrin but also aqua and both names for joker/jakob ? 
  why not just say kamui ? 
  story of seasons shows as 29,97 $ for me :(, 
  still , * really * tempted to bite . 
  shin megami tensei : devil survivor 2 record breaker -- 84, 
  i 'm glad . 
  i often feel like this game got overlooked , when it 's amazing . 
  what about rune factory 4 ? 
  it 's like animal crossing crossed with an actiony jrpg , with even more stuff to do . 
  it 's easily over 100 hours worth of gameplay . 
  nah , just reddit formatting turning the - what was it , 8 ? 
  - into a 1 . 
  yes , with homebrew . 
  but why would you ? 
  well , except story of seasons . 
  i think nintendo added some stuff to the eu release . 
  not worth it for games with online stuff that might need updates . 
  you also ca n't access stuff like dlc with the region-free hack . 
  and that 15 dollars off gets added right back due to shipping . 
  rune factory 4 is a 100 + hour game . 
  rune factory 4 is basically animal crossing crossed with an rpg . 
  seems like a shoe-in for your description . 
  they basically made a sequel and shipped it on one cart with the original game . 
  theatrhythm x shin megami tensei would be really sweet . 
  this would n't be a crossover though . 
  trauma center for the ds . 
  those late missions were pure murder . 
  the kindle store on amazon us is consistently about 2 $ more expensive if you 're using it from outside the us , anywhere outside of it . 
  the last explanation i saw for this is that it 's a tax of sorts to keep the 3g service running . 
  which gets applied even if you do n't have a kindle 3g so still not nice . 
  it will probably go for 80 # / 110 $ / aud at minimum . 
  and without the pouch the us version had ... 
  psa : do not save in puzzle rooms . 
  there is a save-corrupting bug in some of them , that can be 100 % avoided by not saving during puzzles . 
  i liked that demo more than the actual game . 
  i played it for 13 hours . 
  well , there 's always homebrew . 
  i have a very nice , neutral final fantasy theme that goes well with almost all badges and all game preview things . 
  not to say i have n't bought themes , but there 's nothing like it on the themeshop . 
  whoever the people making third party themes are , they 're more focused on making advertisements than wallpapers . 
  you might want to play persona 4 first . 
  dar tales si final fantasy nu am prea jucat . 
  am o gramada de jrpguri nejucate , si pe steam si la modul general in backlog . 
  over here in romania , i just use a usb cable with one of those plug, 
  things from my samsung phone . 
  it works no problem . 
  using a uk charger with an adapter is also a good choice . 
  and yes , the uk eshop accepts international credit cards . 
  i use a visa card . 
  well , time to downgrade . 
  i was n't planning to , but i do n't want to lose either eshp access or hans . 
  why is it a problem if they get a rom of a game they own that 's not the copy they bought ? 
  not legally , because we 're not lawyers and debating that is pointless . 
  morally . 
  thanks !,
