  basically . 
   rule x : srs is a circlequeef and interrupting the circlequeef is an easy way to get banned . 
  for instance , commenters are not allowed to say `` this post is not offensive '' or `` this is not srs worthy . '', 
  as i understand it , if you want to discuss something you can take it to srsd , and if you have beef with a submission you 're supposed to ignore it . 
  you can still disagree and get upvoted ( well , not poopvoted ) , but it 's hit or miss . 
  the active members of the community seem to having fun at least . 
  both of them work on the most recent firmware . 
  the dstwo has a chip in it that can play gba games on the 3ds , but ca n't play 3ds roms . 
  the sky3ds can play 3ds roms , but it ca n't emulate older games , and i think there 's a limit to how many games you can put on it ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't have either , this is just what i picked up from the discussions . 
  rune factory 's subtitle is `` a fantasy harvest moon '' . 
  devil survivor and devil summoner are part of the shin megami tensei franchise and deal heavily with the subject of religion and morality . 
  devil summoner is about a detective who uses demons - the original game came out in 1997 on the saturn , so both the combat and graphics are dated by most standards . 
  it 's not the best entry point into the franchise either , or even into the devil summoner line , but it 's nice enough . 
  the gameplay is turn-based jrpg with first-person dungeon crawling . 
  the two devil survivors are grid-based , turn-based srpgs like fire emblem . 
  they 're very story-heavy and very different from each other . 
  record breaker is more lighthearted , the characters are more fun , it has a system similar to slinks and the support log from fe to spend more time with your friends and the combat is slightly more refined . 
  overclocked is deeper and darker , it goes further with its themes and what it has to say about theology , both good and bad , really gives you something to think about . 
  between the two , overclocked has the better story , and both games are about surviving trials set by god / a being akin to god . 
  you can play either game at any time , they 're not sequels to each other . 
  twewy is arguably the best game on the ds . 
  the story is great and the characters are addicting . 
  it 's about a kid named neku who dies and gets caught up into a game where he can return to life if he wins . 
  inside the game , which lasts 7 days , he has a partner who he fights together with to achieve their daily objective - there 's more to it than this though . 
  anyway , gameplay : it 's a touch-based action rpg . 
  you control one screen with the stylus and the other with the buttons . 
  the control scheme is as complex as you want it to be , depending on what abilities you equip and whether you decide to control your partner too . 
  zero escape is a puzzle/vn fusion . 
  you have to solve several puzzle rooms and you uncover the truth of how you ended up where you are and why as you go along . 
  the plot itself is a puzzle you solve bit by bit . 
  from difficulty , i 'd put them as :, 
  devil survivor 2  overclocked  devil summoner  twewy  zero escape, 
  all of them have a good story , but i 'd rank them as :, 
  overclocked  zero escape  twewy  devil survivor 2  devil summoner, 
  the characters :, 
  devil survivor 2  twewy  zero escape 2  overclocked  zero escape 1  devil summoner, 
  i have n't played break record yet , because it 's not out in my region . 
  i 'm terrible at guarding . 
  i always , always miss the timing . 
  and yes , i spent weeks trying to get past the ice-cream game in bbs . 
  i do n't see `` lolicons '' trading anything othert han actual lolicon porn , but i 'm also a bit of optimist when it comes to these things . 
  and you 're right , there are better places on the internet for it . 
  4chan deletes content it does n't like all the time , including the loli board they used to have many years ago . 
  i agree . 
  did he add that edit later ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/kir-chan, 
   but i 'm still seen as scum to someone out there . 
  just because i exist . 
  that 's true for literally everyone on the planet . 
  i 'm seen as scum by some romanian nationalists because i 'm an ethnic hungarian living here . 
  i have an aunt who thinks all ethnic romanians are scum . 
  i do understand where you are coming from though . 
  ( pre-emptive : personally , i do n't really care about lolicon porn , but i think saying that it normalizes child porn or the other myriad arguments against it are pretty much the same as saying violent video games normalize violence - so i think the genre itself is harmless , and a containment apparatus for pedophiles at worst . ), 
  what i 'm concerned about is how this extends to non-porn - i picked nowi as an example intentionally . 
  i would n't want to have her removed or censored from the game , or any character with a ` loli ' body type from future games . 
  i do n't want the crusade against lolicon to prevent things like kodomo no jikan or bakemonogatari from getting released in the west . 
   loli is the sexualization of prepubescent anime girls for the purpose of male enjoyment, 
  that 's part of it , but there 's also people who think the whole thing is cute . 
  i 'm not talking about erotica here , obviously . 
  pre-pubescent girls have no sexual characteristics , so it 's often like watching a little girl parade around in her mom 's high heels - now , imagine a drawing of a little girl in high-heels and a `` sexy '' sweater that 's just way too big and falling off her , so she 's holding it up , with a petulant look on her face . 
  that 's what most non-erotic lolicon is . 
  * some * people would think that is hot . 
  * some * people would want to ban it because of the previous group of perverts . 
  * some * people just think it 's cute . 
  * a lot * of people do n't care either way when they see it . 
  ... and fuck , i never thought i 'd write this much about fucking lolicon . 
  i hate the entire `` cute girls doing cute things '' / moeshit anime genre and constantly get into arguments about why it 's shit . 
  well , you 've pretty much listed the best ones . 
  instead of ( or before ) devil summoner you can try shin megami tensei 4 and shin megami tensei : strange journey . 
  same series , but more recent . 
  they 're not as story and character focused as devil survivor , but they have good ( if difficult ) gameplay . 
  edit : zero escape 2 is a sequel , play the first game first . 
  virtue 's last reward also has a game-breaking bug in it that corrupts your savefiles and forces you to start over : but you can avoid it easily , by not saving in puzzle rooms . 
  just a quick psa . 
  this is my favorite eshop only game ^ ( after the obligatory loleurope no-physical-for-you releases of course ) , i 'm happy for them . 
  male pregnancy . 
  i thought it was icky at first , but it 's worth it to keep genetic lines going . 
  especially in sims 2 where you had a really well-crafted inheritance system , with dominant and recessive genes - a rare eye color could pop up generations down the family tree !, 
  it was cool . 
  i 've gotten used to it since . 
  well shit . 
  i just spent my stars and i could have afforded fire emblem with this . 
  i hope they still manage to somehow squeeze the dual audio onto that cart . 
  is that a joke flying over my head ? 
  because you wrote the same thing twice ? 
  do americans pronounce veni , vidi , vici differently ? 
  yeah , it 's ` tsheh-sahr ' ( cezar ) in romanian too . 
  there 's a difference between ven-ee and wen-ee ? 
  though we did learn to say it `` vi-chee '' back in 8th grade latin . 
  v is pronounced like `` f '' in german . 
  it 's pronounced the same in my language though ( we do n't really use w because of this ) , so thanks . 
  was n't this already posted a few days ago with almost thousand replies ? 
  also , i disagree . 
  even religion is just a manifestation of tribalism . 
  those launchers might be patched by nintendo ( and were in fact patched ) , and you risk ending up with a game you ca n't play anymore halfway through it . 
  i would certainly borrow a copy that someone made while the movie was still available , and i 'd be very grateful it exists . 
  you are delusional if you think nintendo would release files they have n't touched in a century or more just because they 're now public domain . 
  just so long as they do n't have drm or another form of copy protection , then it 's illegal to make a backup for personal use as well .
