  nobody is asking * you * personally to watch women 's sports or laugh at minority comedians . 
  the issue is that we , as a * society * , do n't like watching women play sports , and that is not fair , hence the term `` social injustice '' . 
  it 's simply a description . 
  it 's also different from comedians - in their case , it 's brought up because minority communities want some jokes that cater to them . 
  with women 's sports , it 's because the question , '' * why * do n't we like watching women play sports ? '', 
  makes some of us uncomfortable . 
  ( although i personally think it 's because most football fans are men , and are historically men , so they can connect better to male players , and the female fans get pulled along into watching the version with more coverage - so nothing nefarious . ), 
  ( and i also think that part of why female tennis is popular compared to other female sports is the miniskirts ), 
  yes . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  to be honest , i was thinking about the fifa world cup . 
  they usually hold something like 4 matches a day , it could be extended and have something like 2/2 matches . 
  or even 3/1 ( just not 4/4 , or more than 4 ) . 
  i 'd bet money that most people would also watch the women 's matches . 
  well , it spoils the characters you recruit ( which only matters if you go into it blind , i guess ) . 
  but not the story , no . 
  depends on what you mean by adjust and who is doing the adjusting . 
  why are male models in less demand ? 
  i * think * it 's because people find the ( usually pretty feminine and sometimes outlandishly dressed ) male models somewhat unsettling , because we have an image in our mind of what being male or being female should mean , and male models and female nfl players do n't ... fit . 
  that is something that * should * change , but it 's an image marketing and education issue , not something the industry itself can directly address . 
  forcing equal pay is not the answer . 
  miroase a metafora . 
  that 's not an answer . 
  the inequality point comes in when you ask , * why * does one have mass appeal and the other does n't . 
  and of course the question does n't make * you * uncomfortable , that 's plenty obvious and i did n't mean to imply it . 
  baby steps . 
  their salary really is a matter of supply and demand , as everyone is saying , so to fix the salary you have to fix the demand , and the only way to do it is through some sort of visibility . 
  you ca n't force it either , because you risk it backfiring on you . 
  of course , you could do it faster by having them play in bathing suits or something ( it 's not a coincidence that the most popular female sports are in mini-skirts or tight leotards ) , but i do n't think that 's the correct solution lol, 
  in time , i guess . 
  big matches make the player names known , and that might drum up some interest in the player 's original team . 
   is it social injustice that people tend to marry within their own ethnic group ? 
  i 'm not very familiar with the issue . 
  are people prevented/discouraged from following their desire to marry someone from a different ethnicity because of a social hang-up ? 
  do people who marry someone from a different ethnicity get less marriage benefits than people who marry within their ethnicity ? 
  do people actively avoid media depictions of inter-ethnic marriages ? 
  that said , i do n't even know whether you can classify `` people looking to marry someone of a different ethnicity '' as a group anymore . 
  the only reason entertainment preferences are mentioned here is because it affects the ( very real ) salary of female players . 
   but is it a social injustice that in our society a person has less opportunities to marry outside their ethnic group than inside it ? 
  sure it is . 
  it 's just not something that we should try to fix , because you ca n't really fix it . 
  similarly , i do n't think the issue of the salaries of female players can be fixed by forcing the industry . 
   you 've effectively neutered the concept . 
  we might be using different definitions . 
  there are many , many social injustices and inequalities . 
  you do your best to do something about the biggest ones first , then progressively move on to the smaller ones . 
  sometimes it fails , sometimes it has amazing results . 
  a lot of the time it 's a matter of education , tradition , culture and marketing and will take a lot of time and subtle effort for something to happen . 
  this would be the case if you tried to fix the inequality in sports . 
  the sport itself is popular , it 's just that some matches are unpopular . 
  mix those matches in with the popular matches . 
  * tatuaje la care cerneala a devenit verde, 
  the palms are something you ca n't change in the game , would it be possible to tie the slider to that ? 
  and i ca n't wait to try the mod out , the in-game pictures you posted look amazing !, 
   fratilor si mustele, 
  if only . 
  you 'd usually tell the kids ( firmly ) to go away and ignore the adults , but if you start talking in a language other than romanian they 'll assume you have money so they 'll be even more pushy . 
  just ignore them . 
  if they 're inside a restaurant , you can ask a waitress to do something about them . 
  it 's very expensive compared to the 3ds , because of the memory cards . 
  it 's not . 
  the 3ds and vita screens are smaller than either screenshot . 
  and you ca n't use the top screen to copy codes from in the vita version . 
  it 's not one room , it 's at least 3 , but only one of them crashes consistently for nearly everyone . 
  and the bug also exists in the vita version ( although to a far lesser degree ) , but having more than one savefile mitigates this . 
  [ psa : do n't save in puzzle rooms . 
  it does, 
  but to a much lesser degree . 
  and it has multiple savefiles , so you can just load a different savefile instead . 
  well yes , but only if you go digital . 
  and the price of a large enough memory card is pretty beefy . 
  some games are digital only . 
  i 've heard the third route is a lot harder than nohr , that might be why this mode exists . 
  from what i 've read , hoshido has easier maps with simpler objectives , and nohr is overall more complex . 
  if you 're playing all routes , you 'll probably want to start with hoshido . 
   very aloof fantasy world, 
  as opposed to what , another lord of the rings reboot ? 
  or maybe medieval europe with weird names ? 
  i wonder what the original word they used for `` invisible '' is , because it looks like a mighty awkward translation . 
  edit : haha , they actually went with the english `` invisible '' . 
  no wonder . 
  you 've * never had thin women around you act like `` oooh , i 'm sooooo fat '' with an actual fat person in the room , and get offended when people say they are thin ? 
  that situation is always incredibly awkward and makes me feel like shit . 
   only reason to update to 9.0 / 2 specifically is for piracy, 
  either that , or you know , homebrew and region-free hacks . 
  rune factory 4 has a pretty extensive crafting system too , but no minigames around it . 
  some more suggestions : add rune factory 4 , fantasy life and final fantasy theatherythm curtain call to your list, 
   24 de grade, 
  good one, 
  what 's interesting is that japan actually has de-facto gay marriage in anything but name using a loophole called adult adoption , which is unregulated ( anyone can adopt any adult ) and since most marriage benefits generally derive from adding your spouse to your family register . 
  adult adoption has been used in lieu of marriage ( and treated as marriage among same-sex couples ) there for years . 
  ( this is second-hand though , so if i 'm wrong about it please correct me because the subject is fascinating . ), 
  so actually , properly legalizing gay marriage would just be a matter of allowing same sex couples to use a different term on oficial papers , rather than the complicated mess the process is in western countries . 
  i think piracy is the reason why companies have innovated and created the various convenient legal distribution methods we have today ( netflix , steam ) instead of sticking to the traditional . 
  i also think piracy can be a great marketing tool . 
  i know people got into avengers late and pirated the first part , but bought a movie ticket when age of ultron came out - at least one of them even went and bought all marvel movies they could find . 
  people ` grow out of it ' because fans want to support the people who make their beloved games and movies , and people in general understand these things cost money and labor . 
  also , they do n't * have to try to convince their parents to buy them panty quest 5 or kill everything dead 15 anymore . 
  nonononono wait, 
  piracy would n't become legal in this context , just decriminalised .
