  it 's not about efficiency , at least not to all of us . 
  vegetables , with exceptions , taste bitter as hell or just plain disgusting . 
  i got used to dried beans last year , but only because my grandmother started preparing it with some sort of oily onion-bacon thing that masked the taste somewhat . 
  i still ca n't swallow carrots without feeling like puking . 
  i 've actually heard people around me seriously suggest this . 
  wait , this is n't a normal thing ? 
  wow , mind blown . 
  although i never really paid much attention to this , i thought it was normal . 
  it also seems to have mostly gone away in the last few years ... 
   no one i know even understands what it 's like to one day wake up and be unable to open your eyes because the weeping around your eyelids crusted to the point of sealing the eyelids . 
  i got an eye infection once , it took forever to go away . 
  waking up unable to open my eyes was ... strange , but the worst part was being unable to open them fully during the day . 
  i ca n't imagine what it 's like living with it . 
  i had both yukiko and teddy as healers , can never have enough of those in smt games . 
  after actually playing some of re : coded , i 'd argue it has some of the best gameplay in the series . 
  it 's seriously underrated and now a lot of people wo n't get to play it because they can watch the hd cutscenes instead . 
  i 'm overweight and i can float just fine . 
  you 're right about the technique , i sink if i just stop - floating while being vertical is a lot harder . 
  centrala nu include si austria si elvetia ? 
  anonymous ( the ` organization ' , if you can call it that ) is young teenagers arguing with fbi moles these days . 
  do n't police officers learn some non-lethal self defence techniques in police school ? 
  if they do n't , why the fuck not ? 
  then cops are trained fucking wrong . 
  the center mass ?!, 
  at least train them to fire non-lethal shots !, 
  if other countries can do it , so can america . 
  i bought the kingdom hearts games i pirated once i had a salary :( but by your definition i 'm not a fan now , and i was n't when i was pouring hundreds of hours into the game . 
  you definition of being a fan sucks . 
  1 ) i ca n't believe people in the us are using protests to loot places . 
  2 ) why the hell ca n't they convict police who commit murder . 
  3 ) why the hell are n't they training their police forces to disable teenage thugs without resorting to lethal force . 
  someone on the recent ferguson thread actually argued that that policeman who shot the teenager was right before the teenager attacked him first and `` every police force is trained to shoot center mass '' . 
  i 'm not joking . 
   he shot a criminal, 
  yes , and in a way that killed him . 
  if this was some exceptional case i 'd agree that it has mitigating circumstances , but this sort of police murder happens all the time there . 
  police are n't supposed to * kill * criminals , for the same reason you would n't give a death sentence for shoplifting . 
   they do , but the dip shit did n't listen . 
  disabling = / = talking and hoping the dipshit will listen . 
  disabling = using non-lethal force to physically stop a criminal . 
  so you agree that you deserve a death sentence if you break the law ? 
   meh , if the guy attacked the officer he was in the right to pull the trigger . 
  sure , you can have someone bleed out and die from a shot to the leg , but at least it 's a token effort to not commit murder . 
  i 'll have to wait another couple of weeks ... because i have n't finished smtiv . 
  pq is arriving next week though , it 'll look really nice on the shelf . 
  it 's almost the same price as in the eu ? 
  wow . 
  now i feel a lot better about our edition . 
  i was level 80 by the time i got the mp app . 
  mp is n't very scarce in this game , the apps for raising the fusion level limit are far more important . 
  i 've switched back to opera now that it started getting better again , since firefox had this huge problem where it kept asking for updates like 3 times a week . 
  with the tip dipped in ink and a really , really good hand , it 's not impossible . 
  to everyone saying this is a good idea , you do know this will kill any gba fan translation ? 
  and you wo n't be able to play any gba games on your pc or 3ds , right ? 
  they ca n't prove you did n't dump the rom yourself as long as you have the original , which makes it legal for all intents and purposes . 
  even the murky morality argument falls flat , because it 's still a copy of a game you actually own . 
  or , you could allow people to make their own . 
  for free . 
  3ds games regularly going for 15-20 dollars is incredibly unfair , i agree . 
  fuck the unfair eu prices . 
  that corpse dragon looks like something kaneko might draw ( especially the girl ) . 
  maybe he would n't be bad if they gave him actual demons to design . 
  dude , that ca n't be right . 
  not with the attrocities some muslims are committing and not with the way the holy books encourage murdering everyone . 
  i was talking more about stonings and honour killings than isis . 
  also , i was n't aware the kkk was a primarily religious organization . 
  good for you , most people who have a 3ds wo n't be buying a wiiu though . 
  i wish i could play earthbound on my 3ds . 
  i wish i could play all of the mother series , for that matter . 
  i keep saying that i 'll buy that dstwo ... 
  well , what if we customers do n't care about minor emulation errors and just want the game ? 
  except a lot of games are n't available anymore ( unless you pirate , making this moot ) . 
  that `` i '' is wrong when you 're talking about inheriting sins . 
  not that person , but i was n't taught either . 
  the events in the pacific ( other than the nuclear bombs ) are mostly ignored in some countries in europe , because there simply is n't enough time to cover everything . 
  even the vietnam war got a very , very brief mention . 
  i 'm pretty * sure all countries have some stupid newspapers / newspaper articles . 
  countries are not hetalia or polandball-esque entities , the people killed by the atomic bombs and the people affected by the radiation to this day are not the same people who were raping women across the rest of east asia . 
  it 's not a visual novel , but you also hold blackjack - sweet memories like that . 
  does n't radiation poisoning affect your descendants too ? 
  maybe i have that wrong , but i do n't think so . 
  that 's what i meant , i know the radiation levels are normal now . 
  i do n't blame the us either , you 're right . 
  i was just replying to the guy who disagreed it was a catastrophe because apparently everyone who lived in hiroshima and nagasaki was a murderer and/or a rapist . 
  so what ? 
  south korea is also a very prosperous country . 
  and what does that have to do with what i said ? 
   feminist arguing for such stupidly high sentences, 
  i know someone who never went to the police because the sentences are so low that he 'd have been out in no time and she was scared to death of what he 'd do to her . 
  i 'm sorry , but those ` stupidly high ' sentences are necessary for crimes like rape and murder . 
   dungeon crawling will be grid based first person like the original while combat will be 3rd person, 
  so ... you picked the worst of both worlds ? 
  not that i do n't appreciate what you 're trying to do . 
  hope it turns out well . 
  personally , i prefer third person dungeons and do n't mind the first person fights . 
  basically what smtiv did . 
  the dungeons are the main reason i never finished smti and ii . 
  but each their own . 
  speed ? 
  i always tought the worst thing about firstperson crawling was that it was too * slow * .
