  but i 'm not sure if in both regions , the eu one did n't have an english voice track at least . 
  i did n't like damrey because it felt like a walking simulator . 
  but each their own , and he might like it ( that 's why i mentioned it ) . 
  oh , and liberation maiden . 
  try liberation maiden . 
  atlus always keeps its promises though , so i 'm certain it 's coming . 
  * p4dan is being developed mostly by the project diva studio , dingo . 
  * pq was created by the eo team . 
  pq is the reason there was no eov this year , it does n't have anything to do with the other smt games . 
  * arena was made mostly by the blazblue guys at arc . 
  * smtiv came out in 2013 . 
  * devil survivor 2 came out in 2011 . 
  * strange journey came out in 2009 . 
  * raidou 2 came out in late 2008 . 
  * persona 4 came out in mid 2008 . 
  so yeah , it 's time for more mainline persona . 
  so what ? 
  they 're not being made by the same people as the smt series , or hell , even the mainline persona . 
  it 's just branding . 
  and let atlus get some money , they 'll funnel it into the other franchises . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  games on the eshop are more expensive even with shipping . 
  that aside , there are sites and amazon sellers that will ship at a low cost . 
  romania . 
  as you said , there are asian and uk-based sites that charge only # 1-2 shipping . 
  considering eshop prices are often over 10 pounds more expensive than retail , it 's worth it even factoring in amazon uk 's regular shipping rates . 
  us based websites are worth it for ds games though . 
  considering the exchange rate , there 's a very good chance you will pay less even with expensive shipping . 
  from amazon . 
  amazon itself might not ship it , but its sellers do . 
  use this plugin to find them : http://check-shipping-to-country.blogspot.ro/, 
  the cheapest i 've found was a regular blue 3ds for $ 160 , including shipping ( but not including tva * and customs ) . 
  once you get your device :, 
  step 1 : check its serial code . 
  if the firmware is between 4.0 and 4.5 , you can mod it with gateway . 
  step 2 : set your location to canada . 
  you can use international credit cards there . 
  if you want , you can go all digital . 
  step 3 : do not register your device . 
  or any games you buy . 
  save that for promotions . 
  oh , and buy a charger ( or an usb cable ) . 
  the xl does n't come with one included . 
  ( if you still want to buy a euro 3ds , i can recommend you a few websites for games . ), 
  edit : nevermind step 2 . oneupthespout 's solution seems even better . 
  it 's sad how few people have a 3ds in this country ... 
  one of them was technically just eoi . 
  and , i do n't actually mind that ... 
  i have n't even played eoiv yet . 
  untold just came out this summer . 
  mara is a respectable goddess . 
  why are games so damn expensive here ? 
  it 's ridiculous that it 's cheaper for me to buy my games from the uk or from germany . 
  * do n't register you device right after buying it , there are register a device + a game and a game free type promos from time to time . 
  * a memory card is worth it , since the eshop has fairly frequent discounts ( although not to the degree the vita gets ) . 
  but they 're also fairly cheap , so do n't worry about it, 
  * buy a charger and/or an usb cable, 
  * and maybe a pouch/case if you carry it in a purse, 
  * keep an eye on amazon sellers and ebay , the games are pretty expensive at full-price . 
  the ones i have were all worth the price tho, 
  never . 
  i heard from a friend that he knows someone who knows someone ( yeah ) with a 3ds in my town , but i 've never gotten a streetpass . 
  well , i 'll be in timisoara for a few days soon , so i hope i 'll get at least one ... 
  noe , why do you hate your customers so much ? 
  the people around me see it as very childish : /, 
  serious games adults play = call of duty and lol , for some reason i ca n't fathom . 
  a good friend made fun of me when my copy of kingdom hearts 3d arrived from germany , because it had that huge `` 6 '' stamped across the cover . 
  oh , and candy crush is also for adults . 
  make sure not to play `` normal '' mode . 
  if the fact that there is n't an easy mode did n't tip you off , hard = normal in this game . 
  and play some more , it did n't click with me either two hours in . 
  i 'm still wondering whether this will ever be on sale in europe . 
  the 3ds is awesome < 3, 
  i 'm not into mmos , at all , so lol is n't for me either . 
  although i 'd play that dqx if they localize it ( and price it reasonably ) . 
  why do they have to change it at all ? 
  i imagine ... 
  i 've already mentioned it , try using this : http://check-shipping-to-country.blogspot.ro/, 
  it 's a plugin that adds a button to amazon listings to check shipping rates . 
  it lets you find the cheapest copy of anything that ships to your country . 
  it 's been a life-saver for me . 
  and i think play-asia has free shipping , but i 'm not sure . 
  shin megami tensei i and ii for the snes ; _ ;, 
  what awesome collectors editions are you talking about ? 
  the theaterhythm ce is only available in 5 countries in europe , pq ce costs like 150 dollars and the bravely default ce was almost 200 . 
  i 'd gladly trade too . 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  i 'm from europe and even i think you 're being a huge asshole . 
  have you actually read the comments ? 
  there are a lot of legitimate complaints . 
  i have my club nintendo account in germany , are the prizes generally the same across the region ? 
  but they do n't really need to . 
  i mean , we picked up pokemon lore just fine , did n't we ? 
  what does it matter whether it 's fantasy or real folklore ? 
  despite the fact that i want it now , i 'll stop being interested in it if they remove its essential asian-ness . 
  and it already sold a million units , they can probably afford releasing it as a niche title . 
  downloadable games are rewards that even someone in a non-nintendo country could get . 
  you do n't have to get the games if you wo n't want to . 
  sorry to say , but i was a 90 's kid ( born in 89 ) and i was well aware of these things .
