  edit : ... maybe it would be more correct to say romanian uses roman gods who also happen to be planets . 
  hopefully we 'll get a physical version of this game . 
  the cover looks amazing . 
  si mie in opera . 
  neither do we , although people have started doing this sometimes , because american movies . 
   nearly 60, 
  how the hell are you guys playing these games . 
  i can never finish them under 80 . 
  that 's painful to watch . 
  he only has sukunda on the main character and none of them seem to resist zan . 
  people were leaving before the eu as well . 
  the difference now is that they 're less likely to work `` black '' , ie without papers . 
  persona 4 was originally a ps2 game . 
  that 's how most people played it . 
  i thought the dungeons were better in p3fes over p3p , largely because the encounters themselves were a lot faster . 
  the way you described it , reaching december and then dicking around the whole month because fuck tartarus , that 's exactly my experience with playing p3p first as well . 
  ( i 'm still peeved that people told me p3p is the ` better ' version , when it turned out to be a boring grind with a difficult to follow story because of the vn style , and p3fes was so awesome in comparison . ), 
  so yeah , if you 've been playing p3p , go for p3fes . 
  i played hard the second time around and it was sort of ball-breaking ( harder than nocturne on normal ) , but that was after playing a bunch of smt games . 
  easy should still be easy though . 
  it only has one port , to the ps4 . 
  because people complained that they were only putting it on the ps3 . 
  also ,, 
  1 ) the vita itself is n't really inferior, 
  2 ) it 's been dying since it released . 
  that 's what happens if you do n't plan any games for it and delay the localization of its core jrpgs ( have they even finished translating tales of hearts and tales of innocence yet ? 
  what about all the atelier games ? 
  same here . 
  it helps that so many other games are getting released right now . 
  i just started the game , so i only have my main party on level 7 . 
  i 'm planning to change them around a little though , because they feel hugely inefficient . 
  some mobs take 5 rounds to kill , and that 's crazy . 
  and the third floor of the first dungeon is kicking my ass badly . 
  i started with p3mc , akihiko , shinjiro as a tank , rei and zen and yukari . 
  i swapped shinji for koromaru now , and i hope that wo n't bite me in the ass . 
  shinji has been better than akihiko so far , but he ca n't exploit weaknesses and that 's a huge problem in this and every other megaten game . 
  you can get a life for 6.73 ? 
  sign me up !, 
  the i there seems more important than anything after t. 
  ... although now it sounds like a computer company . 
  * demi * demon ? 
  1989 a fost publicat in [ 1949 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nineteen_eighty-four ) . 
  that * person said, 
   so long as they and the animals are n't being hurt, 
  you replied, 
   post animal abuse pictures , links , and videos, 
  reading comprehension . 
  edit : bad habit, 
  it 's not ablut executing everyone , it 's about executing anyone . 
  afaik most crimes do not carry a death penalty . 
  being innocent but near a cop or a criminal does not carry a death penalty . 
  and negligence ( rather than simple accidents ) should be prosecuted no matter what . 
  q : how can you tell it 's not a fraudulent cry ? 
  a : when your own hand is crushing person 's throat . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  yeah . 
  i have a dog , and while i 'd never consider it sexually ( ewww - just , yuck ) , i 'm mystified by the argument that dogs ca n't show consent or say no . 
  if i 'm scraching his belly and it hurts , he makes a noise and pulls away . 
  if he stressed , he walks away . 
  animals ca n't talk with words , but they do communicate in their own way . 
  bad cops should be fired and , if the case warrants it , jailed . 
  they are n't because they are protected by the ` good cops ' . 
  as long as the good cops do n't speak out and stop supporting murderers , they are morally complicit in these crime . 
  it 's called systematic corruption . 
  my job does n't teach me to shoot for centre mass if someone is reaching for their waistband . 
   once you have everyone equipped with subpersonas, 
  so ... first dungeon , second floor ? 
  sp is n't really an issue in this game with physical skills drawing from hp and weakness exploitation . 
  yeah , but there 's always people arguing against something . 
  the internet changed my mind on countless issues , not everyone starts out with an extreme opinion and a defensive attitude . 
  i 'll believe that when i see more cops actually * getting caught * . 
  it 's not just the police that 's corrupt to the bone , it 's the entire system surrounding it in the us . 
  the cop in the eric garner video is clearly guilty of negligence * at the very least * . 
   although i do wish hama/mudo were n't so blatantly broken : /, 
  i was n't even planning on using those spells before reading these threads , because they 're usually useless - high sp/mp cost combined with a shaky hit rate is n't usually worth it . 
  i barely used naoto in p4 , and only used hama/mudo on those annoying mobs that resisted everything else in p3 . 
  it 's kinda like a big bonus if you 're risky . 
  i did n't see reddit hyping shin megami tensei iv that much . 
  why this game ? 
  better marketing ? 
  i 've tried hama a few times , and the usual elemental weaknesses were much more reliable . 
  p3 and smtiv seemed to have a better hitrate for instant kills for enemies weak to it , iirc . 
  mind , i will be used naoto after all these posts , i 'm just saying that picking her is unintuitive enough that it almost cancels out how op she becomes . 
  ( make sure to talk to everyone all the time , that 's how the story unfolds in smtiv . ), 
  and overclocked is amazing . 
  go play digital devil saga next , and smt3 : nocturne afterwards . 
  they 're very useful on hard mode . 
  i do n't think they made the game any more easy than another magic caster that targets at least two weaknesses . 
   just how mean the eo games were, 
  i 've only played through the first dungeon of untold . 
  would you say untold is easier or harder than pq ? 
  comparing just the first dungeons , pq seems a lot harder ( or maybe this is because i was playing untold on `` normal '' ) . 
  no , our dog definitely has stuff that 's his ( his bed , bowl , toys ) and stuff he knows are n't his ( our shoes , our food etc ) . 
  99 de insi care mor de foame < 100 de insi care mor de foame . 
   fan curier, 
  what about the gateway 9.2 update ? 
  any word on that ? 
   the default one that 's always open, 
  you mean yuzu 's route ? 
  how was that anything approaching easy ?
