  yuuki means courage , it 's odd to think of it as feminine . 
  moreover ,, 
   teaching jobs, 
  do n't you need college for that ? 
  it 's still like that in europe , for the most part . 
  conception ii is the first 3ds atlus game i 've ever seen on sale . 
  i 'm about 5 hours into it , i expected it to be a lot harder . 
  i 've died - three times ? 
  twice against navarre 's mob because i kept insisting on using agi lol ( it died in three turns the third time , when i targeted its weakness ) . 
  hoping for a difficulty spike soon . 
  yep . 
  i 've decided - souji seta and minato asato . 
  like ? 
  also , carrot , ugh . 
  radishes , ugh . 
  i forgive cilantro , at least it 's useful in soup . 
  pickled carrot sounds like a nightmare , something maybe cthulhu would enjoy . 
  comunism, 
   cetatenia politica generala a barbatilor [ ... ] a durat 16 ani [ interbelic ] . 
  batrani , cativa unguri si studenti , angajati supermarket si de la un call center . 
  still encouraging , because the japanese are * always * vague . 
  the nnid region and the actual region lock are different things . 
  the nnid already prevents me from buying games from the german or australian eshops , but if i were to import a german or australian game it would work fine . 
  removing the region lock would only affect physical games and download codes , and there 's nothing wrong with this . 
  nobody would buy games from europe anymore . 
  a big issue is that eu games cost twice as much as us games - i 'd honestly rather buy a cheaper game and pay shipping if the final price is the same than buy a more expensive copy , because i do n't like encouraging anti-consumerism . 
  same here . 
  sometimes i switch to opera 12 at work when i need every bit of spare memory i can get . 
  it 's crazy how memory efficient old opera is over any of the new browsers . 
  i also use opera mini on my phone , it saves me a lot of bandwith each month . 
  clone si morti , evident . 
  so you 've never watched rurouni kenshin ? 
  edit : i know kenshin was not an * assassin 's creed * style assassin . 
  but would you pay $ 50 to $ 60 + shipping + import for a physical release of a game that costs $ 30 ? 
  and more games have physical releases in the us than here . 
  obviously , there would still be people buying local games , especially if they bother to actually translate to several languages , but sales would still plummet unless they fix the prices . 
  the ff7 remake people have been bugging them about for years ? 
  or a new chrono trigger ? 
  i did n't say you 're better off not having a copy , i 'm asking whether you would pay twice the price for that copy . 
  apparently , yes . 
  that said ,, 
   obviously , there would still be people buying local games ,, 
  i 'd be just as happy if all * future * games stopped being region locked . 
  it 's been fluctuating between 1.7 x and 1.6 x this year . 
  not twice , true , but close enough . 
  ... 3ds prices are different than the prices for games on any other console . 
  even when it comes to deals . 
   / r/rocirclejerk /, 
  and my std sword, 
  i ca n't use this * patch without the gateway , can i ? 
  pls pls localize it . 
  i want this game so bad . 
  i hope they 'll consider bringing kenka bancho over , it looks really fun . 
  although , if they do decide to bring it over , the themes of bullying and school violence might be ... problematic . 
  inb4 # 110.00 pricetag, 
  they did this with bravely default too . 
  they included some figure nobody wanted and released the game three months early , only to give the collector 's edition a price tag around 100 pounds . 
  what were you expecting ? 
  i 'd rather they use the development time for the extra scenario than changing the graphics . 
  would you reply if someone accused you of something so blatantly ridiculous ? 
  it 's lose-lose if he acknowledges the rumours . 
  edit : https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=862257207152307, 
   persona games are hilariously easy on any difficulty, 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  persona 3 fes on hard is one of the hardest , if not the hardest , turn-based game i 've ever played . 
  the first bosses in persona 4 ( until after kanji ) were also incredibly difficult even on normal , especially for people new to smt . 
  i 'm really curious what turn-based games you have been playing . 
  the entries in the series are n't interconnected , except very vaguely . 
  atlus has been ignoring both persona 1 and 2 for years , so do n't worry about them . 
  you can play both on the vita though , but the combat is dated and i really recommend starting with either p4 or p3 . 
  for p4 , golden is the definitive version . 
  they nuked the difficulty in it so you can enjoy the social aspects , but because of various general improvements it 's better than p4 vanilla . 
  for p3 , opinions are mixed . 
  it depends on how much you like really , really redundant dungeons and visual novel style storytelling - if you do , go for p3p . 
  ( p3fes 's dungeons are still redundant , but the combat is * much * faster . ), 
  you can still play both p4 and p3 on the computer , on an emulator . 
  you can buy the discs and run them from your dvd drive , no problem . 
  the anime is also fanservice for people who 've played the game . 
  it 's not worth watching a fanservice anime with characters you barely get to care about just to buy a fanservice side-story . 
  i did watch it !, 
  it did a great job of showing the extra story added in golden . 
  it 's just not that great for a newcomer . 
  i really do n't remember the details of that fight , but generally speaking , if you ca n't beat something in an smt game , grind more , fuse demons/personas with resistances and use buffs . 
  ^ ( or you can cheat and look it up on gamefaqs ), 
  the only connection between the two games is that there 's a fieldtrip to the school in persona 3 at one point , but none of the characters from the main cast appear so there 's no reason to play the previous game just for that . 
  so yeah , you can go straight to persona 4 . 
  but if you want to play persona q , i really recommend playing both . 
  can you use the playstation tv without owning any playstation ? 
  the ps2 version of p3 is different from the psp version . 
  i personally recommend emulating fes first and then playing p3p for the female route , but it 's your choice . 
  as for other games ... well , they 're good , but dated . 
  the psp version of the second p2 game is n't out in english , so you 'll have to play the psx version for that . 
  i have n't played p1 , but i hear the psp version with a song patch is the definitive version . 
  no shit, 
  as i said , please give me some examples of those difficult turn-based rpgs if smt games do n't qualify . 
  i have n't played kiseki , but i 'm playing smtiv right now . 
  i 've just reached tokyo and so far there have been no bosses requiring any strategy beyond `` do n't be weak to whatever the boss hits with , sukukaja '' . 
  i 've been able to kill all but one ( the dance of the dead optional boss ) in one try , and people say the game gets easier from here . 
  persona 3 : fes on hardmode was a lot more difficult . 
  for most bosses i had to double and triple check that i had everything covered and fuse new personas specially for that fight .
