  which is sort of cute coming from your * husband * , aka your family by choice . 
  leon 's line is also different , `` you kept touching me so much ... you do n't have any right to complain if i touch you back now '' - right after the kiss . 
  it 's a reference to the minigame again . 
  and it 's the only vaguely `` lewd '' thing he says . 
  any other ones you want me to comb through ? 
  one day , mcaffee appeared on my computer . 
  in japanese . 
  this was about 4 years ago , and i still periodically try to remove it with no success . 
  her voice . 
  the way she talks , combined with her lines . 
  like when she talks blushing and vaguely moaning , if you * listen * to what she says , it just sounds a bit sad . 
  like , desperate , worried . 
  i do n't think you can take the character without any sexual implications * at all * . 
  she could reading a fucking cookbook and it would be sexual . 
  what i mean is more that it 's not * particularly * sexual . 
  no more than the character usually is , and nothing inappropriate . 
  nothing that would be inappropriate to show a child ( nevermind that this is not a game children would generally play ) . 
  i did n't even notice her jiggling breasts tho ' . 
  then again , i 'm not the target audience for her . 
  do either a `` coward '' run where you avoid all conflicts and try to run away , landing you on yuzu 's path , or do amane 's path for the contrast to naoya . 
  amane has the only decent law route in megaten . 
  you can only downgrade on 10.3 , with a risk of bricking your 3ds , and you ca n't pirate unless you 've downgraded . 
  this is a sequel to smt4 , play that one first . 
  it 's on sale every other week . 
  them not reusing designs results in medusa and squidward lucifer . 
  firmwares 10.4 and 10.5 kill ironhax . 
  you 're down to upgrading and risking using just menuhax , which is more vulnerable to being patched out , or downgrading , which has a very minor , but real , risk of bricking your console . 
  i did n't either , and i 'm on a regular desktop pc . 
  why not use \u2260 ? 
  so if i buy a shady bootleg it 's not piracy anymore because it 's a contract, 
  got it . 
  well , still , the possibility exists . 
  that said i downgraded successfully . 
  now i 'm trying to figure the whole technical process * after * that , which is way more complicated , hah . 
  i literally just googled `` equal strikethrough '', 
  it depends entirely on what you want to do . 
  downgrading enables piracy , but it also enables you to play the fantranslation of fire emblem fates and i think there are some emulators more efficient on it ? 
  it 's also future-proof . 
  upgrading enables peace of mind , at least . 
  i 'd convinced myself to upgrade even with the possibility of it killing hans , until the recent controversy with fates . 
  14 and 25 are the firmware versions , there should n't be a 9.8.0-14u, 
  that 14 is somewhere on 6 . x.x, 
  actually - yes , thank you, 
  i want to end up with reinand once i 'm done , since that seems to be the recommended thing , but i 'm really lost . 
  should i set up the emunand according to the instructions for cakes and rxtools ? 
  does it work exactly the same way , just with different setup files ? 
  is `` cfw '' something specific , or just the generic term ? 
  i have ... 7 or 8 pastebins open , and two gba temp threads . 
  i 'm afraid i 'll mess up at some step . 
  you knew desu2 came out , but not smtiv ? 
  huh, 
  for the people who have n't played this , you pick the routes at the very end of the game = minimum 60 hours in , but often more . 
  the routes themselves are n't that long compared to the main game . 
  saying that this takes place about 3/4ths of the way through the neutral route puts this about one hour or so before the ending , so calling it a sequel is n't that wrong . 
  thank you !, 
  that makes things a lot clearer !, 
  i did n't have this guide yet , thanks . 
  it 's not possible , no . 
  this is the gigantic downside of digital games . 
  try 999/vlr or one of the devil survivors . 
  the screenshot i posted shows the `` removal complete '' message of that tool right next to the mcafee thingy i keep wanting it to remove . 
  i think that the mcafee thingy being in japanese is what trips it up . 
  thank you , i will try . 
  it 's the security scan plus x64 - i 'm trying the iobit unistaller now , i 'll upload a screenshot too if that fails . 
  edit : iobit worked !, 
  it worked !, 
  thank you !, 
  iobit seemed to fail at first , but the last step - where it shredded it from the registry - did the trick . 
  chances are you 'd have ended up with just the mom . 
  when i was diagnosed with diabetes , my doctor told me to avoid salt , fat and sweets , and to eat plenty of carbs like rice or wholegrain bread . 
  not everything a medical professional says is correct . 
  i feel fantastic on my low-carb diet ( without avoiding them entirely , of course ) and my blood sugar right now is better than anyone else 's in my family . 
  diabetes is also genetic . 
  if nobody in your family has it , you probably wo n't develop it . 
  if someone in your family has it , and you 're also overweight , be * very * careful . 
  if i got it from doctor , i 'd still have a blood sugar of 200 and be unable to diet because constant hunger pangs . 
  i did get a keto-esque diet recommended to me a few years ago though from another medical professional , but she recommended it because - no joke - i 'm blood type o. 
  mie manelele mi se par infecte , dar hey , chestiile enumerate de tine mi se par la fel de infecte . 
   actually , in the last 15 years , we 've witnessed a wave of racist anti-manele sentiment, 
  i ca n't select anything for the first 3 questions . 
  yep , works now . 
  i do not feel sad . 
  i feel sad much of the time . 
  i am sad all the time . 
  i am so sad or unhappy that i ca n't stand it . 
  there 's a huge difference between 0 and 1 . 
  i wonder how long until they disable menuhax . 
  glad i downgraded . 
  there 's a 7th dragon fantranslation out . 
  it might be the previous game ? 
  just in case anyone wants to check the seriesout . 
  the na boxart makes it look like she 's had a really violent fart . 
  the game uses chibi models . 
  i did n't hate it!i found it really rewarding to figure it out , like a puzzle . 
  and getting that flying ability was amazing . 
  they did give us the ffvii remake . 
  was it a year ago when the news about israel bombing palestinian children playing on the beach was everywhere ? 
  both sides are doing horrible , horrible things , and in terms of death , palestine has the more casualties of the two . 
  you kill them , they kill you back . 
  this will never , ever lead to peace .
