  you missed a large chunk of the story . 
  there 's been an update of sorts on twitter :, 
   not sure . 
  out of the office today , will get details/set record straight tomorrow, 
  they confirmed that smtiv would be english-only . 
  put hermione in iii , empress . 
  high priestess is about hidden truths and mystical knowledge etc , it does n't suit her . 
  she knows a lot about magic , but it 's the harry potter world . 
  it 's the equivalent of being great at sciences . 
  remember what she thought of the deathly hallows in book 7 . 
  that 's as close to mystical as we 've found in the books . 
  i 've never liked that interpretation of the empress and i 'm glad persona never used it ( yukino , mitsuru , margaret ) . 
  but you 're right , empress probably is n't the best choice . 
  okay , i finally found my book . 
  it says that the empress represents intelligence , as well as science and learning . 
  because i checked various sources on the internet , i thought i remembered wrong ... : /, 
  a few years ago this interpretation was more common ( since the persona devs used it too ) , now the web seems littered with `` pregnancy '' and `` motherhood '' . 
  edit : strength would also be good for her . 
  found something i wrote 2 years ago on this subject :, 
   the empress : she has dominion over intelligence and thoughts -- she is what allows the idea , the magician to manifest as a conscious thought ( mitsuru had her organization , and margaret primarily allows and encourages the mc to create stronger demons ) . 
  continuing the pregnancy motif , it 's when the expecting mother realises she 's pregnant . 
  she 's also the expectation that something will happen in the future . 
  reversed , she 's lateness . 
  these are aspects that tie margaret and mitsuru together , even if they do n't have much else in common . 
  yukino was the empress in p2 , although she had a less typical role there , like all other characters . 
  i had a better grasp on this symbolism back then . 
  used to think about it more too . 
  the hell is happening, 
  it changed back to november again now . 
  yeah . 
  in firefox it says europe 2014 and in opera it 's still november . 
  i hope not , nisa always rapes us with the price tag . 
  hoping for ghostlight . 
  after the patch we ended up having the better version of the game though ( it basically never froze or crashed ) , so that 's a plus as well . 
  ah sorry i deleted the comment . 
  it would be awesome if they could take care of it in the future as well . 
  they 're in the comments for this post ( i was posting as ` anca ' ) : http://metanorn.net/2012/06/divining-fate-an-analysis-of-tarot-cards-in-persona#comments, 
  the post itself is interesting too . 
  then do n't make a separate release !, 
  we understand us english just fine over here !, 
  thank you . 
  i was planning to ask that , which `` harvest moon '' developers this is about . 
  the name has become really confusing . 
  more big rpgs , rune factory 4 and smtiv on the system would be nice . 
  project mirai remix is also getting localised , although vocaloid music can be hit or miss . 
  what i do n't understand is why the version would be broken . 
  there is no extra content , there are no extra translations . 
  it 's the same damn game that runs just fine in the us . 
  or about 40 hours of wages in yet another . 
  which they cost right now . 
  edit : without the region lock it would cost about half those hours in wages . 
  the starship damrey starts out as that , but it 's kinda disappointing . 
  other than that , i do n't know . 
  rune factory 4 , afaik , is also part jrpg and has some dating elements . 
  animal crossing is cute , whimsy and relaxing . 
  pick whichever you like . 
  i bought acnl last month and i 'm playing the shit out of it . 
  also :, 
  soul hackers, 
  the denpa men 1 , 2 , 3, 
  kingdom hearts ddd ( but only if you 've played the rest ), 
  crimson shroud, 
  `` late october '' , according to atlus, 
  monster hunter is probably your best choice . 
  it is , but it 's relatively short and should be pretty cheap . 
  the kind of game that does n't really need a physical copy . 
  did n't rds start offering broadband around 2004 ? 
  i remember being on a local isp two years before that . 
  i remember them moving in right after romtelecom 's monopoly dissolved , though i ca n't recall when that was . 
  really ? 
  that 's super interesting . 
  i would n't have expected * resita * to be one of the locations in their reach . 
  but did their girlfriend send them a naked selfie ? 
  that would have got them into serious trouble . 
  anything less is ` boys will be boys ' . 
  the split made sense at the time because non-porn boards were getting spammed with porn . 
  and it 's not true that a currently airing non-hentai anime would get you banned , afaik . 
  kinda disappointed it 's only 2 songs , but the gameplay is really nice . 
  i 'm glad i did n't buy the previous one . 
  stop that, 
  am i the only one who hates the voices ? 
  well , souji/yuu is somewhat fine ... 
  edit : it 's the same guy ? 
  huh i 'm terrible at recognising voices . 
  anyway , now i dislike both . 
  i miss souji seta . 
  but if they do , please film it and post it here . 
  * cough * i also played the undub . 
  ( i blame fuuka for that . ), 
  i wish this would have been selectable in the beginning . 
  i 'm pasty white and i want my character to be pasty white too , but now she has a really dark tan i ca n't seem to get rid of ... 
  # 0.9 / hour x 40 hours = # 36, 
  roughly speaking . 
  my `` hypothetical person '' is myself , you asshole . 
  that 's a standard wage where i live . 
  i used the pound symbol because i figured the british prices would be more commonly known on this * english * language reddit , and i because i buy all my games in pounds anyway ( my country is n't deemed worthy by nintendo to have an eshop of our own ) . 
  yes , indeed , leaving the country is the perfect solution [ / s ], 
   a european commission spokeswoman yesterday confirmed the report and its bid to assess power consumption of household products but said it is not yet an official proposal . 
   she said : `` the european commission will only consider proposing measures for other appliances if the scientific evidence demonstrates significant energy savings can be made without leading to poor performance . '', 
  how cute .
