  i 'm still playing it after 35 hours , after all . 
  it 's not boring and there 's a certain charm to it . 
  and that sounds about right . 
  uh , both ? 
  no idea , i mean , i 'm just 35 hours into sos . 
  but i did play rf4 for like 170 hours without exhausting everything , so if you just want lots of stuff to do , go for it . 
  rune factory 4 has a lot more social interaction . 
  that said , smt4 is n't as dead as bravely default : in many ways , the game is not about the characters but about the unclean one 's territory . 
  you wander , you get lost , you talk to people , and you slowly learn to appreciate the setting . 
  the npcs are there to enhance it , but they 're put there deliberately and not as an after thought like bd . 
  psa : when playing vlr , do n't save in puzzle rooms . 
  the game has a save corrupting bug , which mostly affects one specific room , but others to a lesser degree as well . 
  they patched the digital version so that you ca n't save in that one room that almost always crashes , but the physical version is still as it is , and there 's at least one other room that crashes for some people ( the room that 's also in the demo ) . 
  not saving in puzzle rooms is overall just safer . 
  japan gets a physical release , and europe does n't . 
  turns to western fans my ass . 
  i said europe , not na . 
  i stumbled into the minotaur fight with demons with ice skills and evade buffs ( right after the sun wukong fight , which really was a huge pain ) . 
  it seemed really underwhelming . 
  lucky me that i messed up flynn 's build so the game actually got harder later . 
  is deus ex human revolution okay to start with ? 
  i 've never played a deus ex game . 
  in his place , i 'd stay as far away from home as i possibly could . 
  and islam used to be somewhat progressive not very long ago . 
  does it matter though ? 
  it 's not just isis crucifying non-believers and forcing women to walk around in dementor cosplay . 
  among other unpleasant things . 
  the ottoman empire were our main oppressors in history class . 
  which is why i do n't understand the whole ` it 's europe 's fault ' . 
  sure , europe did shitty things in the islamic world , but the islamic world also did shitty things in europe for centuries . 
  historically they were not victims . 
  ah , but nobody respects southern baptists . 
  yet we point to the crusades and medieval christianity in general to show how barbaric it was , and also the advancements in math in the islamic world . 
  also , the ottoman empire fell in * 1922 * . 
  less than a century ago . 
  i 'm playing story of seasons , and i just found out that they completely rewrote klaus 's purple flower eventin the eu localisation so that he 's talking about his blood pressure now ( instead of the ` big bad wolf ' conversation i was looking forward to ... ) . 
  i already knew they removed turtle stew from the game ( and considering it was a worst gift for a character , did n't replace it with anything ) . 
  was anything else censored from the eu version ? 
  i ca n't seem to find any info . 
  when was this ? 
  amazon did n't send me any alet that it was available : /, 
  possible , but low . 
  i 've only seen it on sale once . 
  that said , it 's 100 % worth the full price . 
  obama looks black , kim jong un looks asian , a chicken looks like a chicken . 
  pretty sure he meant exactly what he said . 
  the pixel density means you have to resize it a * lot * to get the correct resolution . 
  i 'm oddly enjoying story of seasons , despite being a gigantic grind and very different from what i expected . 
  i thought it would be like rune factory without the tedious dungeon crawling and the boss fights , but if anything it feels * more * like the dungeon crawling aspects of it with how you run over the entire map every day to water and fertilize crops and collect mats . 
  i expected a relaxing farming game with lots of socialising , and got a difficult , grindy almost-rpg where you race against time to complete your objectives . 
  or maybe i 'm playing it wrong . 
  after 50 hours i ca n't say i 'm not loving it for what it is though . 
  i 'm looking forward to the the next one as well , hopefully it will have more fleshed out villagers . 
  regarding mhx , the japanese reviews were n't very good from what i 've seen . 
  the consensus seems to be to consider it a spin-off . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  i spend between 30 and 50 $ per month on one or two games , or one game and a dozen from steam sales . 
  i could save the money or buy something more useful , but honestly ... this once a month purchase is what i look forward to each month , and when i look at my stack of games i feel less like a wage slave and more like a human being . 
  i only buy digital games if they have a realy good sale and i really want to play it . 
  * access to undubs , romhacks and fan translations ( the last one is mostly cfw though ), 
  they 're twice as expensive in europe as well, 
  things like sanding or paint , i used to see some replies along these lines a year ago . 
  it 's a valid enough question . 
  this is one of the biggest , if not * the * biggest , 3ds community on the internet . 
  do you really think they 're not following it to some degree ? 
  ireland, 
  same stuff as uk , it 's in english , $ prices, 
  zero escape , maybe 7th dragon, 
  sky3ds , though it 's terribly expensive and you can only put a limited number of games . 
  gateway , if you have the correct firmware . 
  there 's a big difference between following the community and making business decisions based on it . 
  what they probably have is a few interns or social media people from marketing who fill out a table based on negative and positive feedback to certain things , and comment if something is attacking nintendo 's image or whatever . 
  not necessarily just on reddit , but it * is * the single most influential 3ds community . 
  it 's just good business practice to do this , and even smaller businesses do . 
  in one of my previous jobs , they had people posting on the specialised forums for their niche and guidelines for how to make your posts appear natural . 
  they do n't need to react to every one of them , or even to most of them , and they 're big enough to have a subdepartment for this sort of thing . 
  possibly the same one taking care of their twitter . 
  yes and no . 
  you can freely choose your ~ ~ region ~ ~ country , but only before you register an nnid . 
  after that you 're locked to the ~ ~ region you 're in ~ ~ country you registered in . 
  also , i think you lose the money in your account if you change your ~ ~ region ~ ~ country . 
  other than that , some services like the nintendo anime channel will be unavailable , but nothing major . 
  edit : by region i mean country, 
  you would have to research a bit ( i recommend gba temp ) , but yes , as far as i know . 
  it 's the least ideal flashcart for this though , because of the game limit ( no idea what the limit is though ) . 
  there are downsides to nnids :, 
  * when you sell a system , you ca n't sell the games installed on the device along with your system if you have an nnid , automatically devaluing it by a huge amount . 
  * you will be country locked . 
  this does n't matter if you 're from na , but if you 're from europe and from a non-nintendo country you might end up accidentally country locking yourself to the uk and # prices . 
  or locking yourself out of your local store if it opens ( like what happened to austrian 3ds owners ) . 
  there are also the advantages that were mentioned , i just felt this deserves a mention too in case you 're from europe . 
  i never tried download play , but it should be fine with any eu region console . 
  i mixed up region with country in my above comment . 
  attack of the friday monsters , weapon shop de omasse , terraria ... 
  you could also get ace attorney and virtue 's last reward , since they 're on sale in the eshop right now . 
  shin megami tensei iv also goes on sale fairly frequently . 
  keep an eye on the eshop , it updates every thursday with new games on sale . 
  zelda a link between worlds is ~ # 16 these days , as a nintendo select . 
  for the others you mentioned , i doubt we 'll see sales anytime soon , and i doubt any sale will bring the price down below # 25 at minimum . 
  remember all the lewd fanart with him in a skirt ?
