  you know , your comment does n't exactly contribute either , so the downvotes are perfectly legitimate . 
  it wo n't be available in europe ? 
  what does japan have against europe ? 
  the vita has a handful of games worth buying by now ( though i 'm not buying it either unless they localize some more titles , preferably with physical releases because of vita 's sd card problem ) . 
  but yeah , buying it for a game that 's also available for the 3ds ( and might even be better on it for all we know ) is kinda silly . 
  what did they say ? 
  ok , i 'll bite - what games are considered dark then ? 
  console survival horrors ? 
  console shooters ? 
  i was n't being being sarcastic ( well , not much ) . 
  what games are considered dark that 999 does n't qualify ? 
  ( and how exactly is 999 a comedy ? ), 
  i 'll be buying it just to support the localisation of niche rpgs . 
  thank you for the post !, 
  i ended up playing over 4 hours in the demo for eoiv , ca n't wait to actually try the real deal ( i decided to start with untold , since it 's the remake of the first game ) . 
  i heard it gets pretty complex . 
  you have to manage a store and there 's a lot of items . 
  thanks . 
  that sounds better than my version , guh-don . 
  and this might be the only reason i 'll be buying conception ii , seeing as the early reviews were pretty meh . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  anything to make smtiv more likely . 
  well , shit , i just saw your reply . 
  it 's possible that you get slowdowns on a very old computer , but it ran fine on my 1.7 ghz dual core with 2 gb of ram - if you have anything weaker than that , you should really look into upgrading . 
  other than that , you could look into speed hacks . 
  there 's also the turbo mode that i used a lot in persona 4 ( the game would slow down to a crawl when there were a lot of characters on the screen at once ) . 
  virtue 's last reward was also beautiful in 3d , although there was n't much to see . 
  i hope we 'll get some info on smtiv and pq . 
  thank god . 
  i only just purchased my 3ds this winter . 
  and the dungeons in etrian odyssey really come alive with 3d on . 
  personally , i hated the anime so i 'm hoping this will be a second chance to do it right . 
  start with 39 episodes minimum and hire a director other than seiji fucking kishi . 
  now i just hope they 'll do a second season of devil survivor 2 ( keep the writer , ditch the director ) and a full remake of danganronpa . 
  hah , and i thought i was the only one who put so much time into ds :o . 
  ... especially since i only spent ~ 25 hours on the original ds version . 
  yes , i bought a european 3ds because smtiv was announced as well , so you 're definitely not the only one . 
  in fact , smtiv was the reason i even wanted the console . 
  rune factory 4 not getting released was a harsh blow ( i still have some hope ) , but smtiv stings far worse . 
  or emulated it . 
  although an actual release really is nice . 
  one day we will have an emulator and/or a flashcart that works with the current firmware . 
  it 's not like we will never , ever get to play smt iv , but i 'd really rather support atlus than pirate it . 
  gay elements would not cause outrage in japan , since it 's a common element in fiction there . 
  they are still homophobic , but as with everything else related to intimacy , in an entirely different way than the west . 
  the optional possibility of pursuing a gay relationship in a game , particularly when the standard is straight , does not make it gay . 
  that aside , i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the sims is a very good example . 
  i have n't played 3 much , but in 2 you would never get to see any gay unless you actively initiated these actions by having a male sim flirt with another guy . 
  that is , in my opinion , the best of both worlds . 
  gay marriage being illegal in japan is n't quite what you image . 
  marriage in japan means that you are added to your partner 's - to the guy 's - family registry , and all marriage benefits derive from this . 
  while gay people obviously ca n't marry , they * can * add their partner to their family registry - by legally adopting them . 
  as far as i know , there is no limit on adult adoption so far as both consent . 
  this is virtually identical to marriage in everything but name and is treated as such in the gay community . 
  tl ; dr it 's illegal but it 's not, 
  i agree that nintendo has ` no obligation ' to do anything , but potential customers also have the right to voice their opinions on the matter or not buy a product because of this . 
  same . 
  it ran very smoothly for me , no stutterings or slow-downs or wall glitches at all . 
  yes , there was a shadow glitch , but there was also a fix for it , i think . 
  i think that had more to do with how they presented sex ( the noises and the fireworks ) , the downright pornographic ` cuddle ' animation ( which people have hacked into sofa woohoo ) , the fact that one of the aspirations was basically ` be the town bicycle ' ( have public sex with 30 sims ? 
  really ? ), 
  and so on ... 
  i love sims 2 . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can have gay sims in sims 3 though . 
  japan would not have a backslash . 
  america is worse in this regard . 
  how nice . 
  i 'll buy the sequel then , rather than this inferior product . 
  does this mean that the eu version actually ended up being the better version after the patch ? 
  just make sure not to play it on hard , unless of course you want it to be that hard . 
  normal is still hard , though not as sadistic . 
  i have n't played ki , but kh is a very , very good game , one of my favourite on the console . 
  i played it without the circle pad , so that 's not as necessary . 
  so ... why not make a less accurate emulator then ? 
  there are snes emulators for smartphones that run perfectly fine . 
   not sure, 
  damn i feel old now . 
  note on the skill order : magic is only important up to a certain level , then becomes irrelevant . 
  however , strength is fairly useless at first : you do n't have any good abilities and you need to target weaknesses . 
  that is why it 's good to raise magic in the beginning and spam strength later . 
  make sure you open a magatama chart so you wo n't waste levels . 
  three pagan/law votes ? 
  really ? 
  pssst , sailor moon will be voiced by her original voice actor . 
  level magic in the beginning . 
  it makes you a lot less likely to die . 
  you need 20 mag anyway . 
  i really hate these things . 
  a kickstarters for something that looks like really nice and would be awesome on a 3ds , but then they go and make the 3ds a ridiculously far-off stretch goal . 
  should i pledge for something that i wo n't want unless it reaches the stretch goal ? 
  should i ignore it ? 
  but it looks so nice !, 
  ... still pledged . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was n't atlus that made the movie . 
  yep , it 's satelight . 
  smt , kh and final fantasy games only count as gaming if they 're on a vita or ps ? 
  me neither , not a fan of fps, 
  i 'd like to see those ' * real * gamers ' min-max all characters in fire emblem for 200 hours . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day someone would write ` rare fps ' .
