  it 's a fanservice game . 
  if you want a dungeon crawler like persona q , get etrian odyssey untold or iv instead . 
  if you want persona , play the psp/ps2/psv games instead ( or rather , before pq ) . 
  then do n't localize it , just translate it . 
  i just ordered it yesterday from amazon.uk, 
  when did atlus ever put out mediocre games ? 
  i 'll probably buy it in february , or january at the earliest . 
  right now i 'm playing persona q and i still want to get through another 2 games before buying something else . 
  ritm cicardian etc, 
  per system . 
  nah , it 's totally legit . 
  spoilers dude . 
  they sure are collaborating with everyone by now . 
  also , they better have that `` featuring dante '' sticker on the box . 
  i experienced this with untold . 
  do something else for a while , watch the persona animes again , watch some movies , concentrate on other stuff , play a game with a different combat system and return to pq after a while . 
  it 's best if you do this after you finish the dungeon , or you can just write down the important info ( like puzzle hints ) . 
  ... i still have n't gotten back to untold . 
  i will though someday . 
  i hope . 
  bread is cheap and filling . 
  at least , that 's the reason i gave up my incredibly effective dairy diet ( recommended by a doctor ) . 
  it was just too expensive . 
  i could n't afford more than 2.5 $ / day and chicken drumsticks are more expensive than that . 
  i could probably afford it now , but various other circumstances and inertia have come up . 
  that dairy diet was amazing though . 
  rape and torture are not in the same ballpark as rape and executions ? 
  if we add what the police are doing locally , it 's rape , torture and executions . 
  this has to be some kind of moral event horizon at least ... 
  a ` suspected terrorist ' is not a terrorist . 
  and torture is inhuman . 
  if you do it , you 're no better than isis . 
   the cia does its job well, 
  which is why they felt the need to lie to the white house about the source of their information ? 
  remember chihiro / when they went to visit gekkoukan in p4 ? 
  it 's happening guys !, 
  quite a few of the people that were tortured were innocent , hence `` suspected terrorists '' . 
  the guy who froze tied to the floor naked in his cell was innocent . 
   if you try to kill innocent people , you deserve whatever you have coming to you . 
  indeed . 
  both cia and isis deserve whatever they have coming for them . 
  however , does the us ? 
  does syria ? 
  there did this several times , including when prisoners attempted to starve themselves . 
  it 's just that they also did it for no reason at all . 
  try rape . 
  did n't they have some studies that showed that it 's not bad ? 
  i thought the warning was just cautionary . 
  seconding this . 
  i 'm a jrpg player and not really comfortable with most western games , but dragon age was a great series . 
  just make sure to download some popular mods for it , like the ones that fix various dialogue glitches . 
  # 19 is nearly $ 30 . 
  do you really want to match it ? 
  north korea has money ? 
  $ 29.88 is still pretty close to full retail price for the us though . 
  it 's nearly christmas , so keep an eye on those sales - you might get lucky !, 
  hmm . 
   the motivation of the 4 km detour of the hungarian troops from the rest of the hungarian army is still a point of contention , but most evidence points towards the local noble ferenc bay , who lost a large part of his estates to peasants in the 1920s , as most of the violence was directed towards the peasants living on his former estate . 
  yeah , this . 
  rush everyone you can ahead to the boss and dance him to death . 
  have phys rf on the person he targets first , for me it was always the same team member . 
  that skills that automatically revives your demons when you turn begins is also a life saver in this fight . 
  the first phase is over as soon as you reach the boss , jungo can pretty much one or two shot him . 
  in the second phase you can reach the boss just a few steps from your starting position . 
  the third phase is a little harder , but it 's doable after a few tries . 
  the first time around i had al , fumi and jungo . 
  fumi and jungo are better than otome imho, 
  i had trouble keeping otome alive the second time through though . 
  she has a lot of health for a healer , but she 's so slooooow, 
  i just realized , you 're on polaris on daichi 's path . 
  how in the seven hells are you having trouble with * polaris * after beating yamato ? 
  he was damn near impossible when i was on my second playthrough , i ca n't imagine what he must have been like on the first . 
  lol at those names, 
  futsuu = ordinary, 
  warui = bad, 
  nah , he 's only available on his own route . 
  which route are you having trouble with ? 
  if it 's daichi 's , second question : how the hell did you get past yamato , that fucker is way worse than polaris, 
  those ... are actually pretty amazing names . 
  best buy, 
  are you kidding , do you realize how many lives russia and its apathetic citizens ruined ? 
  help them ? 
  eastern europe still has n't recovered from them !, 
  have they ever , at the very least , apologised for what they did ? 
  that already exists , it 's called a vita . 
  that 's bad even by fanfiction standards . 
  you know , there 's fanfiction , then there 's * twilight * fanfiction . 
  except for luminosity , i guess . 
  you can change the channel , y' know . 
  stopped reading there . 
  liver with onion is pretty common . 
  it 's even more delicious with garlic . 
  also , tongue tastes best in dill sauce . 
  it 's actually my favourite dish . 
  if a website has some ridiculous requirements like 8-16 characters with numbers and signs , then they better be fucking paypal or i 'm giving it the same one password i use on all of these sites . 
  the company i work for also does this . 
  i ca n't say which online shop it is because i also use this reddit account to unwind at work , but - do n't trust online shops . 
  and who pays for the education of the children of innocent people slain by police officers ? 
  they deserved it , duh . 
  for breathing in the general vicinity of a police officer .
