  you 're right !, 
  mandatory training for driver 's licenses should also be abolished , everyone has the right to a car . 
  the bill of rights written before cars were invented ? 
  yeah , but that constitution was penned before driving was a thing . 
  if it were written today , it 'd be 100 % more important and more relevant to freedom than arms . 
  ouch . 
  is n't that when fe fates is coming out ? 
  still really excited it 's being brought over !, 
  you 're comparing cars to horses lol, 
  the only difference is that one of them is mentioned in the constitution . 
  guess which one did n't exist when it was written . 
  it 's more like comparing guns to bows and arrows . 
  cars are essential necessities in this day and age . 
  they govern your freedom of movement , economic freedom and even freedom to protest your government far more than any gun could . 
  considering you are expected to take driving lessons and pass a test before getting a license , the same condition should apply to gun ownership . 
  especially as your gun ownership does n't impact any of your freedoms . 
  you will never , ever use guns to defend yourself from the state . 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  both guns and society were very different then . 
  you could theoretically start up a revolution with enough weapons to overthrow a tyrannical regime - and it is my understanding that this is what the gun clause was intended for . 
  but we 're in 2015 now . 
  imagine if the occupy protesters all took up guns instead and tried to kill the president , or at least as many people around him as they could - the movement would have died before it even began , or it 'd have been a bloodbath . 
  you just ca n't do that anymore . 
  if you vote in a terrible president , tough luck . 
  the original reason for making gun ownership a right simply does n't exist anymore today . 
  do you think society will decline to such a degree that you * can * change your regime with guns in the future ? 
  and what does 250 years in the future even matter ? 
  we 'll be long dead by then . 
  our grandchildren will be long dead by then . 
  if the social context changes , they can just change the rules again . 
  you will never need to do that - have you seen what happens to people defending themselves from the police with guns ? 
  the government will always have the upper hand , regardless of how many shotguns you stockpile . 
  unless technology suddenly regresses , your defensive arms mean diddly squat and * are actively dangerous because people do n't know how to use them correctly . 
  to be fair , it launched with an ` on sale ' price instead of a full price - it does n't make up for the lack of a physical version , but hey . 
  any more expensive and i would n't have gotten it either . 
  not ( yet ) . 
  in the future ? 
  who knows . 
   i teach little kids how to shoot . 
  you ca n't imagine how bizarre this sounds to me . 
  `` i teach little kids how to poledance . '', 
  `` i teach little kids how to drive trucks . '', 
  `` i teach little kids how to brew whiskey . '', 
  `` i teach little kids the most effective way to cut a jugular . '', 
  huh ? 
  what are `` normal '' plates made of if not china ? 
   cutting a jugular, 
  or you 're living on a farm and learning how to efficiently bleed a chicken or a pig . 
  how do you know they are doing that ? 
  just google `` man accidentally shoots '' , or `` man accidentally shoots daughter '' . 
  you can barely compare 1989 romania with modern romania , much less with modern us . 
  the technological disparity between the state and a regular guy is immense . 
  right now , any guns only pose a danger only to the owner , their family and any potential robber , but not the state . 
  `` child shoots burglar '' * literally * means they are not `` locking them up with a military-grade lock , and making sure that the child is not holding the weapon unsupervised '' . 
  but why were no children saved from sodom and gomorrah then ? 
   i confess to almighty god and to you , my brothers and sisters , that i have greatly sinned , in my thoughts and in my words , in what i have done and in what i have failed to do . 
  yeah . 
  from the first article :, 
   the boy was at his home with his four year old sister when two teenagers attempted to break in . 
  nope . 
  parents not home . 
  you ca n't compare the past and current technological level of a middle eastern country with the a future us either . 
  try fighting invisibility cloaked hyper-stable drones in 2052 with * shotguns * . 
  for china , that 's a very different situation too . 
   `` then i went and i got the gun , '' anthony told a local cbs affiliate . 
  `` i told the guy -- and i said who is that , and the person hit [ the window ] again . '', 
  he still had access to it . 
  no disabled grandparents . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that children should have access to their parent 's guns anytime they want ? 
  a lot of those do n't involve guns . 
  but if you give civilians even more efficient killing machines than guns , you 're probably going to destroy the country way before it could ever install an evil dictatorship ( as if that 's even likely ) . 
  imagine the school shooters , but they can suddenly kill 100x as many people . 
  okay , so why did you mention it as an example of `` child shoots robber '' ? 
  the discussion was, 
   how do you know they are n't locking them up with a military-grade lock , and making sure that the child is not holding the weapon unsupervised ? 
  just google ` child shoots burglar ' . 
  i still do n't get what you were trying to prove with `` child shoots burglar '' . 
  at first i was expecting it to be an empty search that proves your point . 
  you overestimate flamethrowers . 
  they 're unwieldy : they 're 20-30kg heavy and probably a bit more difficult to control than it seems in movies . 
  they 're not as easy to get as a gun . 
  and their fuel lasts about 10 seconds . 
  carrying a second one means an extra 20-30kg of weight . 
  poledancing is a sport and is taught to kids in some places , guns * should * also have an age-limit and plenty of people teach kids how to drive , distilling whiskey need n't involve drinking it ( and underage drinking is okay in most of the world ) , and cutting a jugular is involved when you 're , say , bleeding a chicken ( for food ) . 
  i did n't pick the comparisons randomly ... 
  that seems so odd . 
  i have a few clay and wooden plates , but they 're all decorative . 
  just to make sure , by china you do mean china and not intricately decorated fine porcelain ? 
  huh . 
  just googled it , those things are more expensive in this corner of the world , and used pretty much only as decoration - and peanut bowls sometimes , i guess . 
  clay cups are more common , but still less so than china . 
  no , all sins that are forgiven are forgiven . 
  if you spend time in purgatory , it 's for venial sins . 
  she was murdered by someone who worked at american atheists , according to the article ... so the guy was probably not religious . 
   romans used to burn christians on poles, 
  source ? 
  that said , christians certainly never burned unbelievers at the stake . 
  nope . 
  never happened .
