i thought i did n't get it either but after i read your message i checked gmail again and there it was , hidden in one of the folders that gmail decided are n't inbox worthy . 
  everyone who has n't received their code and uses gmail , use the search function - you might have it already . 
  is there any way to set the charts to display just february ? 
  i 've bought my 3ds in december , so december/january/february :, 
  steps : 107,528, 
  * devil survivor overclocked ( 91:58 ), 
  * kingdom hearts 3d ( 37:52 ), 
  * bravely default demo ( 12:58 ), 
  * nintendo eshop ( 12:10 ) ( i have no idea ), 
  * attack of the friday monsters ( 6:02 ), 
  * virtue 's last reward demo ( 2:24 ), 
  * the starship damrey ( 2:10 ), 
  the only game on this list i finished 100 % is the bd demo ( is n't it awesome when a free demo lasts so many hours ? 
  ) , although aotfm is close . 
  i think you can , but :, 
  * it will delete your digitally downloaded games, 
  * you ca n't re-download them, 
  * you 'll lose any money in your account, 
  i 'm not sure , but there might be other consequences too . 
  rune factory 4, 
  devil survivor : overclocked, 
  etrian odyssey ( both of them ), 
  there 's a lot to choose from . 
  i 'd recommend you save your money until they release the updated version , curtain call . 
  that 's what i 'm doing , at least . 
  that 's odd , overclocked should be closer to mainline smt in difficulty and atmosphere than persona . 
  then again , i put some 100 hours into dso and still have stuff left to do . 
  there was a point while i was playing fire emblem - around the 50 hour mark - that i really hated it and could n't see what the reviews were raving about . 
  the game felt like a boring , repetitive grind for very little reward . 
  i started enjoying it again later , when the grind to see what kind of op characters i could build grew on me . 
  my olivia kicked some serious ass . 
  tbh i still do n't see what the reviewers loved so much about it - devil survivor overclocked was a more entertaining srpg , with better story and characters - but it 's still a pretty good game . 
  i have over 100 hours in it by now and it was worth every penny ( despite the mid-game frustration ) . 
  not really , not my cup of tea . 
  i live in europe too and it would be really nice . 
  every time i see a smt thread i get a bit hopeful that it might be news about a localisation . 
  turning the 3d on just smoothes out jagged edges for me . 
  although this is n't the first time i 've seen someone mention blurry 3d screens . 
  it depends on the game , the battery when playing old ds games can even last me over 10 hours . 
  but yours sound really battery intensive - so , about 5-6 ? 
  if you 're lucky ? 
  it 's an unpopular opinion , but i preferred dragon age ii over origins , especially in how they portrayed morality and choices . 
  the devil survivor games are short and sweet . 
  i cleared devil survivor too , but i still logged over 100 hours on the 3ds because of how replayable it was . 
  buying desu2 now probably wo n't affect your enjoyment of break record , just do n't replay a million +1 times . 
  nocturne , dds and devil summoner look a lot better on the pc emulator than the ps2 . 
  and i really mean a lot , the difference is between low-res and nearly hd . 
  buying the game discs is still worth it , since you can use them with the emulator . 
  amiami ships everywhere , i think . 
  though the prices may be steep ( the quality is usually very high ) . 
  a lot of people got into smt by playing p3 -  p4 -  nocturne . 
  or p4 -  nocturne straight away . 
  so you should start there . 
  and what 's wrong with games that came out during the ps2 era ? 
  if you get frustrated with tartarus , stop and go play persona 4 instead because the dungeons . 
  you can always finish p3 later . 
  i only finished p3 after several other smt games , once i learned to enjoy dungeon crawling . 
  depends on what you mean by fun part . 
  will the bosses get any easier ? 
  yes , but not for a while yet . 
  will there be more fights ? 
  of course , more than you 'll care about . 
  will you ever enjoy it ? 
  that depends on you . 
  it 's a 90 hour game . 
  have some patience . 
  you can play them at the same time , although i could n't sit through so much grinding at once . 
  they wo n't spoil each other . 
  wait , europe does n't get the demo ? 
  why ? 
  does n't it come out at the same time , sort of like senran kagura did for na ? 
  i strongly prefer physical , unless it 's a very good sale like vlr this month . 
  i like feeling like i `` own '' the game . 
  i live in an area with no access to physical carts ( eastern europe ) . 
  i import them from the uk - we do n't have a nintendo service here so digital carries a huge risk . 
  pcsx2 is the best . 
  you need to torrent a bios , but they are easy to find . 
  about setting it up to work with your dvd drive : http://www.gameex.info/forums/topic/11860-resolved-pcsx2-direct-from-original-ps2-disks/, 
  usb controllers : of course , just google around a bit for the best one and the settings you need . 
  when you play the game : make sure to set the internal resolution about 5x native in config / video / plugin settings . 
  you can play around with the settings here to get the best image/performance . 
  mind , these are things you only ever need to do once . 
  edit : spend the 50 dollars on other atlus games, 
  thank you !, 
  yes , a lot . 
  the card game was very addicting and i kept running around town trying to find shards . 
  in the end i did n't collect them all , but i came close . 
  ( i was also lucky because there was nothing to distract me , my games for march were still - are still - shipping . ), 
  yes . 
  but they * are * releasing conception . 
  does it say anywhere that there wo n't be a pal demo ? 
  or that the digital release will be delayed ? 
  did n't the company go bankrupt ? 
  and if they did n't , why are n't they releasing rf4 again ? 
  nintendo needs to focus on making games for their wii u right now , i doubt they 'd announce a whole new console . 
  i 'm very happy with them being on portable consoles . 
  the thing with rpgs , especially jrpgs , is that they are very long . 
  i do not live alone so i do not get to hog the tv that long for a single-player game , and playing - say , persona - in short 1-2 hour bursts is downright cruel . 
  ( i 'd also buy a vita if they actually localised more games - it 's like sony wants that console to fail . ), 
  on the other hand , i do n't like adventure games on anything smaller than my computer screen .
