  seems also fair that the partner not wanting to use the condom would take the pill . 
  if you do n't consent and the police searches anyway / pressures you into it , you wo n't be able to prove you did n't consent . 
  so it 's moot . 
   `` mr iohannis has a reputation as a canny but fair politician and i am backing theresa may to get the right deal for britain , whoever she is up against . '', 
  nice . 
  apparently , buying the wrong skills from people who probably bought the skills themselves counts as cheating in fire emblem fates . 
  i did n't realise until i put aptitude on my unit - nothing happened , luckily , but i 've heard of nintendo banning people for things like this . 
  so there 's that . 
  someone who believes bullshit still looks better than a corrupt liar who embodies everything that 's wrong with politics and a narcissistic scumbag . 
  what people seem to be missing is that it 's impossible to elect her . 
  if you vote for her , you 're voting for funding for an environmentalist party . 
  that 's it . 
  if you like the party line , vote for her , if you do n't , do n't . 
  ctr seems to be lashing out against jill stein lately . 
  do they really see her as threatening now ? 
  there 's recommendations on the sidebar . 
  i doubt a single dog can kill you , unless it 's been specifically trained to jump at your jugular ... their only weapon is their mouth , and you 're much bigger . 
  the dog was also helping her with the toilet . 
  and it 's 3 others , not 4 . 
  i 've never heard of anyone with a peanut allergy in real life , or any food allergy other than egg allergies in small children . 
  also not from the us . 
  i 've heard of people with allergies to cat or dog hair , dust or pollen . 
  even then it 's runny noses or a rash , `` anaphylactic shock '' or epipens are something i only know from the internet . 
  maybe getting undressed was a signal the dog was trained to react to . 
  is n't putting shit in a bag on a hiking trail way worse than leaving it there ? 
  the shit will degrade in a few days at most , unless you 're isolating it in a plastic bag that 'll be there for a long , long time . 
  i do not understand why this was even necessary . 
  is n't her experience her selling point ? 
  she could beat donald trump in a debate while drunk and half-conscious , because trump is practically doing everything he can to lose ( humping chairs during a debate , seriously ? ), 
  yet she still does n't feel confident against him ? 
  what the hell ? 
  is she so bad at anything not scripted ? 
  it 's sabotage if you 're making a difficult thing out to be easier than it is , because then the person struggling will assume it 's easy for * everyone but them * , grow bitter and fail . 
  because men like to think birth control is a pill with no side effects women can take so they can avoid using a condom . 
  okay , i 'm generalising . 
  but still . 
  since you 're a vampire , any chance of performing in romania ? 
  will ? 
  it 's already affecting them , even here in the climatically comfy eastern europe . 
   a ryan, 
   not american, 
  chocolate kek, 
  yes to the second point . 
  i actually read that as 800 degree decrees, 
  social movements will be strengthened , because people thrive in adversity and this will motivate everyone . 
  congress should flip democrat and they 'll actually do things . 
  hopefully . 
  really ? 
  2016 is officially fucked to hell and back . 
  and we still have two months of it left . 
  the 100 $ ? 
  yes , to the us . 
  and no . 
  the company that made rune factory 4 does n't exist anymore . 
  most of the team got absorbed by the parent company iirc , so rf5 is not * impossible * , just unlikely . 
  final fantasy theatrhythm is a rhythm game with rpg elements . 
  also , rune factory 4 . 
  i lost about 15 lbs quickly in the beginning , then nothing . 
  but i still do it , to control my bgc . 
  hairy legs , hairy pits , hairs on the chin and upper lip , unwashed hair , irritated skin on the face ... 
  not sure a woman in the same situation would land anything . 
  not everyone reading this is from first world countries ... and even in the second world , russia is really scary . 
  smt strange journey for the ds runs on the same engine , afaik , but you do n't map the dungeons yourself . 
  must people who believe in evidence also be agnostic towards unicorns and santa claus ? 
  at some point you have to let go . 
  i like owning a box if it has the game in it - if it does n't , it feels - well , empty . 
  like i could just print out the cover on glossy paper for exactly the same result . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  hoping intensifies ... 
  is it recommended to update a9lh , or can i just leave it as is ? 
  i installed it the day before the guide update to the shorter version . 
  anecdotally false for me . 
  i started out being neutral to the music genre `` manele '' ( some sort of gypsy pop-folk ) as a child to outright hating it as an adult due to exposure . 
  same thing happened with hip-hop and house . 
  other genres i did n't like at first , and now i 'm neutral towards listening to them because i basically never hear them . 
  it sounds either like your charger is defective , or the charging port , or the battery . 
  try a different charger if you have one . 
  generally speaking , return it to the store . 
  if you like jrpgs , the 3ds has a nice selection . 
  look into shin megami tensei series . 
  if that gets him pardoned , or at least ignored while in europe . 
  ah haha yeah things like that happen to me too . 
  glad it ended up working !, 
  smt apocalypse and corpse party . 
  i do n't remember having one last year ( or maybe it was just that underwhelming ) , but it would start on thursday afternoon the day before , like all other sales . 
  how many story quests are there so far ? 
  i 'm at 350 and they seem never-ending ... 
  new 3ds xl . 
  it 's a big difference compared to the 2ds which is arguably the ` worst ' version of the console ( it was made to be a cheaper option ) . 
  it 's not possible , unless you hack it and ` transfer ' it that way ( or just install a copy someone else already ripped ) . 
  i did n't like it much on pc ( i hate playing games with a mouse ) , i enjoyed it more on android . 
  i * loved * the 3ds version though , the controls were perfect . 
  i did n't have a controller at the time , i just wanted to play things with a keyboard . 
  map sizes - yeah , i guess . 
  i do regret that the o3ds i have is n't getting bigger maps . 
  240p you mean, 
  and very . 
  it 's just that you stop noticing it while playing , because 3ds games tend to be very absorbing . 
  they do n't , it 's midnight cet . 
  we 're sort of biased .
