  ... what is the difference between a booming 2nd hand market and outright piracy , as far as nintendo is concerned and for out of print games ? 
  it 's not like they 're getting a cut . 
  `` if hillary had n't manipulated the primaries because it was ` her turn ' bernie would have won and vetoed the repeal ! '', 
  more like . 
  which to be fair is not a bad point . 
  my point was n't blaming her for not winning , it was blaming her for playing dirty during the primaries . 
  still pointless now , and i agree that anyone who * did n't * vote for her in the generals is an idiot . 
  there are systems on sale on ebay for decent/low prices . 
  the oled screens of the original model are worth it . 
  hahaha, 
  well , you could region-change your 3ds . 
  though it 's not temporary . 
  also , backups . 
  well , it * does * have emulators . 
  romania tv si nu a promis sa mareasca pensiile destul . 
  just downgrade . 
  luma3ds has native region free , you can avoid the hassle of launching though hans entirely . 
  5 x 500 $ = de la 2500 $, 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  i 'd actually love a couch like that . 
  i never thought about arranging one that way . 
  i was thinking more of a family scenario with someone reading or playing a handheld on the side couch , another person watching tv from the main one . 
  not everyone who posts in that stupid memesub actually supports him . 
  yeah , back to the dnc being incompetent for not noticing that the trends have been swinging towards democrats giving a shit about corruption for a while now . 
  then why say `` european white '' ? 
  why not `` english '' or something along those lines ? 
  but it hardly involved all european whites - there were many european populations being opressed by other forces at that time , in no position to get involved in slave trade with other continents . 
  and it was n't just europeans who were involved . 
  was n't it because of the geopolitics at the time ? 
  africa was very poor mainly because of geography ( and also european politics , to a lesser degree ) so they had an incentive to sell whatever they could , and that ended up being captives from other tribes/groups . 
  i 'm sure the us would have been fine with enslaving asians or whatever too , if their region was n't so developed . 
  eastern europeans kept gypsy and not black slaves . 
  ottomans ( most of whom were as white as current day turks ) kept white european slaves . 
  it 's easy enough to test . 
  go back in time to before the colleges instituted affirmative action - were they better or worse than other colleges back then ? 
  did they suddenly get better after affirmative action ? 
  always ? 
  since they were founded ? 
  that seems weird considering how bad the racism was not too long agom, 
  it looks sort of like a slime . 
  well , they * were * trained with jrpg dungeon maps . 
  the tone there shifted drastically for a few days when the election results rolled in , but jumped back soon enough . 
  i like to think that was how long it took for the dnc to drum up some damage control , or motivated themselves that they have to . 
  only , why . 
  what 's the point . 
  the next elections are really far away . 
  i just realised i 've never tried pancakes with rose jam . 
  fbi was already injected into health and safety when i started , and i did n't have a backup of it , so i skipped that part too . 
  i wonder if there are any downsides to just leaving it that way . 
   devil summoner 1 and 2, 
  you mean devil survivor . 
  devil summoner 2 is soul hackers . 
  play either smtiv or devil survivor 2 . 
  smtiv is the most newcomer friendly smt game , desu2 is just all around awesome . 
  i 've downvoted you and i never posted in that sub . 
  did that destroy your worldview ? 
   arguments in defence of slavery, 
  it 's cute how you twisted * one * comment to mean something it did n't . 
   no objections to the gop, 
  haha, 
  i do n't hate the dnc by the way . 
  i just think they 're corrupt . 
  i 'm not sure why you think i like the gop any better . 
  i was one of those `` bernie would have won '' people who disappeared after the primaries and crawled out of the woodwork after the election results came in to cry `` i told you so ! '' . 
  but that does n't matter anymore . 
  the election is over . 
  it 's just silly that the dnc is blaming russia , fake news and whatever other buzzwords are popular at the moment instead of taking the opportunity to re-organize and excise the corruption that was festering in it , now that they 've landed themselves in time-out after a trainwreck of a campaign . 
  soul hackers is the 3ds port of the original devil summoner 2 . 
  you might be thinking of the two ps2 raidou kuzunoha games , those are devil summoner 3 and 4 respectively . 
  but i 'm looking forward to the great-grandson kim-jong quack . 
  to totally steal a punchline , be careful not to trip over that low bar . 
  the bible having instructions on performing an abortion if the wife is pregnant with another man 's children was god 's way of telling us abortion is ok . 
  -15 was the actual temperature . 
  the ` temperature it felt like ' went down to about -25 , because of the wind . 
  i walked to work that morning too because it was literally too cold to wait at the bus stop for 10 minutes . 
  good thing there 's a paid service offering all the vocaloid , doujin and ancient anime music i listen to . 
  the rest of the country is safe as well , especially locations like timisoara or cluj that pride themselves on being progressive . 
  stay out of vaslui i guess , but that 's a good rule of the thumb for anyone even locals . 
  even staunch homophobes wo n't say anything to your face . 
  romanians are fairly non-confrontational . 
  assassination classroom had a game made of it i think , though as far as i know it has n't been localised . 
  although that should n't count either , since they 're not killing * each other * in the show . 
  edit : typos, 
  something something functions . 
  hopefully . 
  checks and balances . 
  this is the government , trump is running it like a corporation . 
  shit . 
   you device is n't compatible with this version, 
  what 's up with this ? 
  it wasfine just two days ago . 
  the hidden bonus is that you wo n't accidentally throw away the character with the higher stats . 
  before that , on my first account before i lost it to a random 803 , i used palla . 
  i have a regular phone . 
  i guess i ' l just keep an eye on this sub for updates and get them manually . 
  thanks though !, 
  is that blood ? 
  a guy dove into a shallow pool and smashed his head in ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , but the first thought of most people is n't `` invisible disability '' , it 's `` wait , are you saying being a woman is a disability '' .
