  i agree with you in a way , but i also think those extra 10 hours are part of the experience . 
  some of my fondest memories of nocturne are how frustrated i was running around in circles around the terminal to grind for that really awesome demon one level away , or the periodic rage-quit in amala . 
  in devil survivor specifically , the various fights relied a lot on figuring out a strategy that would work rather than having the right level to curbstomp it . 
  take that away by accidentally overpowering and you 've ruined the game for yourself . 
  ^ ( edit : i do n't mind them existing though ! ), 
  the mythology , the way they use western occultism to greater effect , the * accuracy * with which they do it . 
  i was really into that sort of stuff in highschool , and while i 've forgotten most of it by now , persona 3 and 4 gave me a huge kick when i discovered them in college . 
  it 's the small details , like the two pillars in the school , or how the lovers arcana are about characters that have to make a choice rather than love interests in the actual sense , the exposition on kaballah , helel , how the demon designs convey * so much * symbolism . 
  then they take all of these and mix it with crazy good game mechanics , deep character development and actual narrative and it 's like everything i 've ever wanted from fiction . 
  ( yes , my favorite novel is american gods . ), 
  how about when you get that `` you can now fuse satan '' message in devil survivor 2 when you level the fate of -, 
  that cracked me up so hard . 
  gaiman had a game project ? 
  til , thanks !, 
  nothing wrong with trying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx3dygkb55e&amp;hd=1, 
  the persona games do n't need high specs so they might work . 
  stomach convulsions are painful . 
  there 's other problems as well , like you start having trouble sleeping because you 're puking up bile . 
  it 's a bandaid over a gushing wound , but it makes sense to at least try . 
  also , not sure how informed north koreans are about nutrition . 
  they were n't supported for a long time and by now i 've gotten so used to reading without them that i 've developed problems reading text * with * diacritics . 
  that 's just me though . 
  you can tell what a word is from the context it 's used in so we 've never really had a problem communicating without them , and it just stuck . 
  the starship damrey starts out fairly creepy . 
  smt4 also has its creepy moments , although it 's more suggestions than actual zombies in your face . 
  it 's not worth locking yourself out of the us games just for the n3ds . 
  you can always physically switch the y and z keys . 
  most of the time at least . 
  when i was learning to use diacritics i just wrote the alt letters onto the keys with a black marker . 
  german keyboards are pretty cool though . 
  i like having a convenient key for $ , and then layout at work on linux also had the pound sign mapped somewhere . 
  just in case , check the hinge for cracks . 
  it ca n't hurt . 
  just play the game . 
  it 's designed for multiple playthroughs , and the less you achieve in one the more content you have for the next . 
  you ca n't experience everything and talk to everyone at once ( you may have noticed how talking to someone or going somewhere takes 30 minutes and some scenes expire after a while ) , and there are multiple endings . 
  you should take your first playthough at your own pace and worry about completionism in the next . 
  yes , some decisions really matter . 
  it 's more satisfying if you let the game slap you with that realisation though . 
  that ending is tricky to achieve , and the route leads to the worst individual ending if you fail to fulfil the condition . 
  and it 's also the hardest in the game . 
  it 's best left for the ng + . 
  [ it 's no use , we can not escape our hunger . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhjbe_kfybs&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=23s ), 
  imagineaza-ti sa ai un coleg pe care-l cheama semafor gheorghe . 
  the best entry games to the series ( imho ) are persona 4 and digital devil saga . 
  on the 3ds , iv is technically a good entry point if you take the series as a whole , but it 's different enough from ds :o that neither works as an `` entry '' to the other . 
  ds :o is closer to fire emblem , if anything . 
  so pick whichever you like better . 
  in some ways yes , in other ways no hahaha, 
  persona 4 is most * similar * to persona 3 , but also to devil survivor 2 . 
  desu2 also has a social link type system ( although much less complex ) and a more cheerful / wacky atmosphere than the other smt games . 
  before smt4 , lot of people got into smt by playing persona 4 , then jumping into smt3 : nocturne , because persona 4 does an excellent job teaching you essential game mechanics and nocturne is brutal . 
  the contrast between the two games was also something that attracted people , i think . 
  persona and smt complement each other , but they 're not very similar games . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  they have a different approach to storytelling , the character development is n't as important in smt , but there 's that much more focus on atmosphere and exploration . 
  in fact , now that i think of , all of the smt subseries take a different approach to storytelling and characters . 
  atlus did their best to make each subseries and game a unique experience while remaining part of the whole , of this overarching mythos surrounding smt . 
  if you get into it , it 's the kind of addiction that will have you hunting down fan translations of 1987 games . 
  good luck !, 
  and make sure you use buffs/debuffs and talk to the npcs !, 
  and keep [ this ] ( http://s23.postimg.org/3n3l32j4r/tokyo_map_ver2.png#actualimage ) bookmarked , it 's a very rough map of the famously confusing overworld . 
  do n't use it immediately , but it 'll be handy later . 
  no and no . 
  do you have a link to the japanese voice clips ? 
  physical is good late-game once you have multi-strike , but i do n't know if you can crack it on all routes . 
  and you get multi-strike much later than holy dance too . 
  smtiv should be on sale now . 
  how many babies do you interact with ? 
   james , sally , and tom went to the store . 
  on the way there they met mary who asked to go with them . 
  when they got to the store , they realized they did n't have enough money to buy anything . 
  so they went home and decided to go for dinner . 
  what am i missing ? 
  hahah , that 's more babies then i expected !, 
  about kai , it seems like it 's popularity is ~ 2.5 in 100 000 , which is still a lot , but might explain why you only found one . 
  it also seems like it was more popular in the 90s . 
  well , they went home first . 
  they might have money at home , or maybe they just cooked dinner . 
  is n't that just a mole ? 
  it takes me about one final fantasy in curtain call song to poop . 
  get a us region 3ds and maybe set your eshop region to canada , because they take international credit cards . 
  if you 're planning to buy games digitally , it 's also useful to buy a new sd card . 
  i do n't know whether the n3ds supports sd or microsd though . 
  if you 're planning to buy a gateway flashcard , * do n't update your 3ds * . 
   academic, 
  * affect, 
  gateway does different things . 
  it lets you load user-made applications , like running an emulator for snes games ( this is called homebrew ) , it lets you circumvent region locking , and it lets you load pirated roms ( like the undubs i 've seen floating around if you 're into that sort of thing ) . 
  but it only works if your firmware is under 9.4 after you buy it , open settings to see the firmware . 
  i reach between my thighs to the back while sitting with my legs far apart . 
  it seems so difficult from the back . 
  you just wipe the butthole , you do n't have to pull the paper all the way to the front . 
  have you played persona 3 and 4 ? 
  if yes , get it while it 's discounted . 
  if not , fea . 
  haha i did that too when i played it . 
  it 's a shame for jungo ( he 's the strongest physical character in the game ) , but nothing that will ruin the game . 
  keita a shit though .
