  the 17 was a typo though . 
  worth noting that it would have had even better sales if they actually printed more copies . 
  the game was sold out on day 2 . 
  the story is more functional than deep , but it does its job very well and stays compelling throughout the game , and it 's safe to say it 's deeper than the average game . 
  the characters are incredibly addicting . 
  there 's a relationship system in it similar to persona 's slink 's , but more limited in scope , although you can build it between almost any two characters . 
  the combat is strategy rpg . 
  it 's turn-based , but it plays more like chess than a jrpg - there 's a demo on the eshop you can try to see whether it clicks with you . 
  the game is incredibly difficult and unforgiving on higher difficulties , and you also select between two modes `` casual '' and `` classic '' . 
  in `` classic '' mode your units die permanently if you mess up . 
  the length varies from person to person . 
  some finish it in 20-30 hours , others spend over 100 on a single playthrough . 
  if you finish it fast the replay value kicks in , because you 'll have a lot of strategies and characters you have n't explored yet . 
  i have n't heard of many people spend less than 100 hours on it . 
  about the order , just play awakening and do n't worry about the rest yet . 
  no options for `` i understand the technology but am late to adopt applications '' and `` availability in your area as a deciding factor '' . 
  fire emblem : if ... 
  sort of looks better than, 
  fire emblem fates, 
  imho, 
  more importantly , there is no source anywhere for still masturbating in the same bed as her sister at 17 . 
  the age comes from that misquote . 
  it depends on what kind of games you like and which region you 're in . 
  shovel knight and fire emblem awakening are the first two games i 'm thinking of . 
  and days . 
  days is more important than chain of memories . 
   will you reset multiple times in order to try and prevent them all from dying ? 
  you 'll be doing this anyway on casual , because support ranks and exp . 
  no it does n't . 
  and it 's not even the first game named ` if ... ' . 
  persona 4 , i 'd say . 
  it 's easily the best entry-point into smt as a whole . 
  if you 're from europe , smt4 and rune factory 4 came out within the past year . 
  if you 're from the us , devil survivor 2 break record and story of seasons are both excellent games , from what i 've read . 
  that 's the original name , maybe they 'll keep it . 
  i loaded it yesterday too , it took almost an hour for everything to load . 
  my fault for putting the 18gb of cc i had back into the game , i guess . 
  yay . 
  it 's not like we 'll get any new announcement that we absolutely have to discuss over the weekend . 
  these controversies are probably doing more to market the game than nintendo ever could , hah . 
  everything looks so nice that i ca n't bring myself to remove stuff d :, 
   until recently, 
  yeah , that 's been my experience too . 
  recently ( within the last year or so ) i noticed an upsurge of actual homophobia and transphobia , which i think is directly correlated to reddit becoming slightly * better * . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's good or bad , but i do n't visit as much anymore . 
  ~ ~ `` traps '' are not trans women most of the time , they 're meant to be crossdressing cis males . ~ ~ okay i clicked the link and reddit seems to be using the term differently . 
  the sub , at a quick glance , could make an argument for body positivity though . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant with `` gained a negative connotation '' . 
  the term originally meant a * fictional * character used to make straight males question their sexuality , and the notion of a fixed sexuality itself . 
  it 's a trap * the author * sets . 
  ^ ( edit : and people loved these characters , rather than any other negative reaction . ), 
  furthermore , the term does n't apply to * realistic * depictions of crossdressing or transgender individuals , such as the manga hourou musuko . 
  when you try to use this word on real , actual humans ... well , i never would . 
  it 's abhorrent . 
  yes , but you 're missing a word :, 
   `` a * fictional character * who appears at first glance to be an attractive cis ~ ~ woman ~ ~ girl , but in fact has a penis . '', 
  ^ ( ^ the word in its original usage has some strong connotations of pedophilia that nobody addresses . ), 
  anyway , it 's not obvious from my comment , but i literally * just discovered * that people have been using it on humans . 
  i agree with everyone that the word `` trap '' when used to describe a human being is horrible . 
  would it really be so hard for them to release a patch that prevents saving in puzzle rooms ? 
  or at least a psa at the beginning of the game ? 
  the 3ds version is slightly better than the vita version because you can copy codes from the other screen , but only if you know about the save game bug . 
  isi aminteste careva de tamagotchi ? 
  sau de jill of the jungle si platformerele alea pe pc care trebuiau rulate din norton commander ? 
  in anii 90 aveam un calculator care se aprindea * uneori * , si nu-i mergea mouse-ul . 
   koji igarashi makes new game, 
   xillia getting ported to pc, 
   mother 1 coming west, 
   ff7 remake confirmed, 
   new shenmue, 
   digimon coming west, 
   zero escape 3, 
   dq7 & 8 coming west, 
  wh-what 's happening guys ? 
  witch & hero , speed ex and tappingo . 
  the gameplay and the aestethic . 
  it 's not really for you if you do n't like those two from the get-go . 
  i meant to say zestiria , haha, 
  of course capitalism is a good thing for the upper-middle class and ceos , * everyone * agrees with that . 
  ( or was that / s and i missed the joke ? ), 
  my digital version definitely had the glitch . 
  the glitch is n't limited to the pec room , and it still crashes there because they just disabled saving in that one room . 
   sim kisses forehead, 
  that 's not too bad , it 's been this way since stretchskeleton in ts2 heh, 
  why not release just the ambassador ones ? 
  fire emblem in particular . 
  rune factory 4 or fantasy life, 
  rune factory 4 is story of seasons with slightly less in-depth farming mechanics , but with rpg elements ( battles , armour and weapon crafting , plot ) . 
  rune factory = story of seasons x fantasy life, 
  there are good homebrew emulators out there , no reason nintendo , a huge company with actual money to throw at the problem , could do any less . 
  it 's more likely that they just want digital ds and gba games as a wii u feature , since that console is pretty content-anemic compared to the 3ds . 
  will the height be something that automatically changes when sims age up , or is it manual ? 
  that 's amazing !, 
  if you 're not planning to use the nnid again , you can just warn the buyer about this and not include the digital games in the price . 
  well yeah , but you can leave that choice ( whether they keep the games or create a new nnid ) to whoever buys the console , as long as you do n't ask extra for the digital games and warn them . 
  imho , in any case . 
  then ... do n't segregate the other tournaments ? 
  ( what i mean is , just hold the tournaments at the same time and give them equal coverage . 
  that should be enough . ), 
  i do n't understand what you do n't understand .
