  catholics , greek catholics , orthodox and anglicans do , for sure . 
  however , even then , nobody obsesses over mary to the degree mohammed is obsessed over . 
  no idea . 
  however , again , nobody seems to be threatening to blow people up over elijah jokes . 
  a less biased source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aisha#age_at_marriage, 
   in the twentieth century , pakistani writer muhammad ali of the ahmadiyya minority sect of islam , challenged the sahih al-bukhari . 
  he acknowledged that aisha was young as the traditional sources claim ; but argued that instead a new interpretation of the hadith compiled by mishkat al-masabih , wali-ud-din muhammad ibn abdullah al-khatib , could indicate that aisha would have been nineteen years old around the time of her marriage . 
  [ 23 ] however , the hadith compiled by mishkat al-masabih is not a \u1e62a\u1e25\u012b\u1e25 ( \u0635\u064e\u062d\u0650\u064a\u0652\u062d ) hadith , and its authenticity is considered doubtful by many scholars such as al-tabrizi . 
  the sources saying she was 9 seem much more reliable . 
  not to mention , older . 
  officially . 
  in practice , they do . 
  i should know , i grew up catholic . 
  i was taught that she ascended to the heavens , where she is above all other saints , second to god only . 
  many pray to her directly - indeed asking to intercede , but praying to her nonetheless . 
  here 's a couple of prayers : http://www.marypages.com/prayerstomary.htm, 
  the most famous one , the one i used to recite every night before bed as a child , starts with `` hail mary , full of grace , the lord is with thee ; blessed are thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , jesus . '', 
  yes , but ... 
  i know other companies do n't care , but nintendo have, 
  this wonderful reputation and , well , i kinda expected better of them ... 
  i 'm from romania . 
  3dss and 3ds games are sold here . 
  it 's not a situation where they are not on the market at all , and the trade laws within the eu should take care of 2 ) at least . 
  it 's not a profitable country though , so they just do n't seem to care . 
  i do expect them to listen , considering it 's a 3ds i bought from the uk . 
  i would n't expect to have them pay for the shipping , but i 'm a customer as much as anyone else . 
  do you know what the word `` worship '' means ? 
  you can worship other humans , like kings , someone you 're deeply in love with , a savior of some kind , while believing in a single god just fine . 
  there 's also the expression `` worshiping the ground he walks on '' . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with muslim practices , are there any venerated places where mohammed allegedly walked/lived/prayed ? 
  yes , usually . 
  to honor and love as a deity . 
  to regard with ardent or adoring esteem or devotion . 
  the devotions muslims have to muhammed is nothing if not religious . 
  i 've never seen or heard of any other religion worshiping their gods to the degree and with the ardour and extremism muslims worship their prophet . 
  if not worshiping anyone but allah is its first tennet , they seriously failed at it and might want to re-evaluate what they 're doing . 
  ~ ~ i know . 
  i 'm just incredibly disappointed by their unfriendly policy . 
  other foreign companies i imported from at least bothered to reply . ~ ~, 
  i 'm also worried , because this means that when my current 3ds will stop working again , i lose ~ 150 gbp worth of digital games . 
  just like that . 
  i could ? 
  did n't you have to call them about your nnid and all that ? 
  it 's good news if i can , thanks . 
  because i really wanted a 3ds , to play smtiv , kingdom hearts 3d and some other games - i 've wanted one since the console came out . 
  because i did n't research the prices of games so i did n't realize i 'd be better off with a us 3ds . 
  because i did n't realize there would be any difference between buying a 3ds locally , buying one from germany or buying one from the uk . 
  my club nintendo is registered to germany though . 
  finally , because amazon.co.uk had a good offer at the time . 
  i thought it was like buying any other expensive piece of electronics . 
  friends who had playstations or xboxes or regular old dss could use them and buy games for them just fine . 
  i 'd actually choose rectal feeding over 1000 lashes . 
  i think i 'd also choose periodic waterboarding for 5 months over 20 lashes a day for 5 months . 
  fucking hell , all he did was write a stupid comment over the internet . 
  thank you , this is very informative . 
  i will have to do some more research then . 
  personally , i do n't think the allergy is food related at all - my mother smokes around the dog and that seems like it could be the worst offender , but i wanted to also eliminate the possibility that it 's food related . 
  thank you . 
  maybe we can buy the prescription food in smaller quantities from the vet then - it 's worth trying , at least . 
  they 're currently bouncing me between them and amazon ( my retailer ) over my broken 1-month out of warranty 3ds . 
  hope they 'll stop next time i contact them : / so far i 've had bad experiences with them . 
  e trist . 
  same here !, 
  although i still hate it . 
  wine is slightly better , but still too bitter to drink out of enjoyment . 
  is there any way to artificially induce that ? 
  for fatty food , like , say , bacon ? 
  what kind of brussels sprouts does everyone eat that 's bitter ? 
  more bitter than regular cabbage , or hell , even tomatoes . 
  those were among the only vegetables i ate as a child , and i definitely did not pick food based on appearance . 
  look at the prices though . 
  i 'm also annoyed , because i wanted to upgrade to a us n3ds in anticipation of break record ( and because i 'm angry at nintendo uk for different reasons ) . 
  uhh ... you 're holding it the wrong way around when playing if that bothers you . 
  designs are supposed to face the direction it opens in , otherwise it looks upside down when closed . 
  just a warning if you 're importing from the uk : the support for your 3ds will expire as soon as the warranty does . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  same here . 
  i ` okay with steampunk , but that whole western comic book style and the shooter-ish visuals in the trailer are putting me off . 
  i 'm not interested so far , but that might change depending on reviews . 
  you give up some liberty in exchange for security . 
  you do n't rob so you are n't robbed . 
  you do n't murder so you do n't get murdered . 
  this does not apply to things like love , marriage , and everything you do to yourself though . 
  also , marriage is a liiiiiitle older than a century . 
  http://www.game.co.uk sometimes has eshop games slightly cheaper . 
  also , depending on the game , waiting for a discount is a good idea . 
  it 's not much , but nintendo eu/aus is very resistant to the idea of `` lower prices '' . 
  afaik , the games are the same price in spain and denmark . 
  as well as hungary or bulgaria with even lower average income . 
  if salary standards are their reasoning , they are failing at it . 
  pffft , they should ask nintendo instead - obviously , $ 1 = # 1 !, 
  funny that games in hungary , bulgaria or italy cost the same as games in germany then . 
  this is the stupidest argument ever . 
  it was ~ 20 deg celsius this week here ( romania ) . 
  26-28 in my office . 
  would it though ? 
  there are lucid centenarians out there . 
  my sister had a mild allergy to eggs when she was little and would develop a rash to all sorts of vaccines . 
  i ca n't remember what they were though . 
  wait , why is it allowed for a company to opt-out of being sued ?
