  or , why diz full stop . 
  was n't he basically the villain of roxas ' story ? 
  to be fair , the pen does influence it a lot . 
  artists are very particular qbout what pencils they use as well . 
  does anyone have a youtube link ? 
  are the arena games canon though ? 
  this is an incredibly confusing piece of localization then ... 
  which is younger anyway , `` junior '' or `` freshman '' ? 
  jr sounds younger but not sure . 
  it makes sense , what you are saying ... but at the same time , my experience is that my writing is chicken scratch with some cheap bic pens and really neat with certain fountain pens ( the ones that draw thicker lines ) . 
  i had the best results with a feather quill of all things . 
  speedx is really fun , a good timewaster . 
  gotm, 
  * and australia, 
  idk , twewy was like my - third ? 
  video game . 
  it did take some getting used to though . 
  my advice is to focus on neku 's screen . 
  how do you kill a pixel ? 
  would n't it be better to unban images and ban this kind of questions ? 
  the same abortion that is illegal , very expensive or almost impossible to get in some places ? 
  which can leave women infertile for the rest of their lives ? 
  i propose , men are allowed to decide abortions . 
  they pay for it , but then must also undergo chemical castration afterwards until the woman they decidd the abortion for 100 % recovers . 
  maybe you should have thought of that before having kids ? 
  just write eur . 
  eur , usd , gbp etc, 
  all i know is that there was some outrage when it came out because they removed content compared to the japanese version . 
  sorry , i ca n't help out either . 
  edit : came about -  came out , wtf, 
   normal si elegant, 
  cool , thanks !, 
  the greeks had this figured out , the solution is lots of homosexual sex . 
  is it normal for the 3ds to die two weeks after the warranty expires ? 
  ... : / i 'm feeling ripped off right now . 
  atlus games * on sale * ? 
  you 're clearly from the us . 
  just ... suddenly . 
  i was playing persona q when i noticed that the top screen was flickering slightly , so i tried adjusting the brightness , turning the 3d on to see what happens , moving the top screen into a different position . 
  then it died and it 's not turning on anymore ... 
  and i just splurged on 4 games this december , so i wo n't be having money to buy another one for a few months : /, 
  it does n't turn on at all . 
  i did n't think to check club nintendo . 
  i wrote them an email , though who knows when they will reply ... 
  another issue is that i do n't live in a club nintendo country ( although the warranty applies where i live , afaik ) . 
  i 'll try calling them in germany on friday or on monday i guess ... 
  thanks though . 
  edit : and the german club nintendo site is n't letting me log in right now : /, 
  it also depends on the game . 
  the battery lasts longest with ds games . 
  i do n't mind paying the shipping , but ~ 70 $ is already close to the upper boundary of what i 'd pay for repairs . 
  but i do n't really want to buy a new console every year : /, 
  my 3ds went kaput and assuming i ca n't get nintendo to repair it for a decent price , which of these would be my better option ? 
  i have a lot of digital games and 9 physical games , of which project x zone is the cheapest . 
  1 ) buy a 2ds next month or in february, 
  2 ) sell all my physical games and buy a us n3ds in march . 
  with this option , i 'd be losing all my digital games and my savefiles . 
  i registered everything and filled out the survey , i do n't know whether this affected the warranty though . 
  i 'll try calling them either on friday or on monday . 
  thank you for your help . 
  i 'm from the eu and all my games are eu region . 
  can i transfer my nnid from a european 3ds to a us one ? 
  wait , they wo n't ? 
  tell that to that sleeping kid they shot when they raided a wrong apartment earlier this year . 
  yuzu 's also has two branches . 
  and the 8th days are quite a bit longer than your regular day . 
  same here . 
  although i liked her voice ( horie yui is love ) , but teddie is just that much more useful in the game . 
  to be honest , i found yukiko to be the easiest to relate to of the girls , regardless of her wealth . 
  the feeling of living in a small town that 's more a cage and expectations from family , wanting to flee , that was much more ... well , close , than the standard jrpg wanting to protect someone from chie . 
  but then again , horie yui is my favorite voice actress . 
  you know the smell of freshly mowed grass ? 
  that 's actually the grass screaming at its fellow grass that danger is incoming . 
  thank you . 
  i was actually hoping this was a more common thing , and not about me specifically ( although you 're right , i phrased it badly ) . 
  it seems like it 's not though . 
  should i delete the thread ? 
   for no reason other than that she wears a hijab in public . 
  reason enough , hijabs are creepy as hell . 
  no wonder she 's getting glared at . 
  someone painted as a zombie ( rotting flesh and all ) would be just as creepy and just as glared at . 
  because western europe is so very religious these days ? 
  wait , what , no , christians are off limits , but most people are atheists these days . 
  naoto should be higher . 
  minato is good , but not really that good for most of the game . 
  souji and akihiko are mid-tier . 
  junpei should be lower than chie and kanji . 
  yukari should be higher , she 's the only decent healer if you want that . 
  teddie is too high . 
  not everyone has $ 300 - $ 400 to drop on a console that does nothing but play games . 
  there 's a reason pc gaming is more common in poor countries . 
  it 's not rhetoric , just my honest opinion after seeing them in real life . 
  the woman wearing those abominations look like medieval executioners or dementors . 
  yes , we need to protect the poor empty mosques from people throwing glorified firecrackers . 
  this is totally equivalent to the 13 or 14 people that were killed ( including the female police officer this morning ) . 
  connection refused : abonnement-magazine . fnac.com :80 ? 
  this sort of rhetoric is what 's turning people against muslims , even more than the actual terrorists . 
  try word lens , the smartphone app . 
  it has n't begun . 
   three blank grenades were thrown at a mosque shortly after midnight,
