  * mighty no . 
  * devil survivor 2 break record, 
  all of these are in various stages of development . 
  if anything , we have too many games comming out . 
  i 'll have to hold off from buying fantasy life because curtain call and smtiv come out at the same time . 
  it ca n't be helped if western games cost a million billion dollars to make these days , otherwise people might complain that the pores on the skin are n't realistic enough ... 
  the recently released shovel knight ? 
  dude , the ps4 and xbox one just came out . 
  most major companies will be focusing on that . 
  the 3ds already has a lot of games from these developers . 
  i 'm happy devil survivor overclocked was so well-represented . 
  i 'm sad i could n't vote for either rune factory 4 or smtiv . 
  maybe that should be factored in somehow , that these games are n't available ( yet ) to many of us . 
  an earthbound clone that recently got 200k at a kickstarter :, 
  although it 'll probably take a while to come out . 
  the first rather than the second , likely . 
  romania is the 12th country by size in europe , just slightly smaller than the uk . 
  the argument is usually used by people speaking up against gmos being bad : an organism genetically modified in a lab should be no different to our bodies than one genetically modified over several generations . 
  mind , i 'm no expert - this is just the argument i usually see . 
  wow . 
  that 's pretty decisive . 
  only if you import it and switch shells with your regular 3ds . 
  edit : because of the downvote - i was n't joking . 
  one guy actually did this with the persona q 3ds . 
  i know they 're different , it 'd be easier to pick one if they were the same d :, 
  thanks for the vote . 
  i ca n't get both because i 'm also getting smtiv ; _ ;, 
  but thanks , seems like i 'll be getting fantasy life . 
  i 'm not a big fan of rhythm games , but the eshop demo was really nice . 
  this convinced me !, 
  thanks !, 
  i just purchased it now too !, 
  i was waiting for so long for this discount . 
  romanian roma build huge expensive houses and * the poorer ones live in terrible ghettos . 
  `` lifestyle '' my ass . 
  edit : source : google images `` casa tiganeasca '' ( gypsy house ) . 
  the people leaving are usually fresh university graduates looking for a country where their accomplishments matter , or parents looking for a job to feed their family . 
  minimum wage is still around 230 euro / month here , before taxes . 
  our roma did n't actually start moving from place to place until our borders opened . 
  they 're not the same everywhere . 
  heck , they 're not even the same across the country . 
  i have huge respect for the roma i keep seeing around tirgu mures when i visit - they 're just regular people proud of their culture . 
  i 've been waiting for ac to go on sale since i bought my 3ds , so yaaaaay, 
  really ? 
  i was having trouble not killing him that battle ... 
  my strategy was to nuke him with the mc and two high-magic demons , leaving his hp very low for mari to finish off . 
  fire emblem awakening - 118:13 ( without playing any dlc ), 
  devil survivor overclocked - 92:00 ( still missing a few endings ), 
  virtue 's last reward - 42:44, 
  although my 3rd most played one is a ds game , kingdom hearts days at 65 hours . 
  it had around a million sales before they started airing the anime . 
  huh , i thought it meant `` yokai watch '' as in `` a group of people protecting others against youkai '', 
  in romania venus , as seen on the night sky , is still called `` luceaf\u0103r '' . 
  `` f\u0103r '' is read the same as `` fer '' in english . 
  they 're described in the apocalypse , at least . 
  i have prosopagnosia , still have trouble focusing . 
  as far as i can tell , it 's not that i have trouble seeing faces - i just ca n't tell them apart , unless they have a really strong feature ( like a huge nose ) . 
  with the risk of sounding racist , it 's like moving to china and everyone suddenly looking like clones of each other . 
  since when are speedos are obscene ... ? 
  he deserves to live a comfortable and luxurious life , with everything he could possibly need , but i do n't think he deserves more money than the gdp of a country . 
  i did n't say i mind him being the richest man in history , i just take issue with how much money the richest man in history has . 
  the amount is beyond ridiculous and more than any human could ever conceivably spend . 
  last time i tried this , my brain just said `` the clock is fast anywaaay '' and i ended up late . 
  dude , we 're talking about the richest man in history here , not a smartphone and a computer ( which can et pretty cheap nowadays ) . 
   have 2 or 3 cars, 
  they were certainly not poor . 
  2 or 3 cars is quite the luxury in romania as well , and we live better than the people over in ukraine . 
   in usa you could have a car and ( during the communist era ) petrol was steal cheaper . 
  cheaper ? 
  ha , try unavailable except in very small quantities . 
  it was rationed the same as toilet paper . 
  my mother used to tell me stories about how they 'd take a trip up the mountain ( we live at the foot of one ) and use up all their petrol , but it did n't matter because they could just turn the engine off downhill . 
  oh , and the fact that you were only allowed to drive your car every second day , according to the license plate . 
  so ... thanks man . 
  for arguing with this troll . 
  these kinds of comments always make my blood boil . 
  when was romania invaded ? 
  food in romania has become really cheap lately ( or , better said , affordable compared to our salaries ) . 
  i support russia 's `` sanctions '' 100 % . 
  nah , so far so good . 
  the extra food is sold more cheaply , it 's really quite nice . 
  [ eye-witness testimonies should n't be admissible in court anyway . 
  ] ( http://agora.stanford.edu/sjls/issue%20one/fisher&amp;tversky.htm ), 
  b-but i liked da2 ; _ ;, 
  coming from jrpgs , i did n't mind linearity , copy/paste dungeons , being unable to customize your characters and following a single city 's story - i even enjoyed these things . 
  i do have a host of complaints about the original ... 
  and i 'm not very optimistic about inquisition . 
  my least favourite maps in the original were those confusing forests , because i always ended up running in circles for hours ( i ca n't stand not fully exploring an area ) . 
  that seems to be all the trailers are showing . 
  i guess i 'm just a special snowflake when it comes to games . 
  i did n't think it was dumbed down . 
  the dialogue and the story were very engrossing , and throughout the game it never felt like my character was n't influencing the events . 
  maybe because i played a pro-mage mage who was together with fenris , both my character 's conflict and the city 's conflict felt like one and the same and built up to the events that tied them together , in a way . 
  this is something i thought dao handled worse . 
  there was a certain disconnect between my character and the events , like he was disposable or could have been replaced with anyone . 
  the world was always * waiting * for him . 
  i 'd have preferred linearity to having to choose which group to recruit first , knowing the other groups were just sitting there waiting . 
  it 's like the world was - idk , less alive ? 
  kirkwall felt inhabited by actual people . 
  everything was constantly in motion , changing .
