  i ca n't wait for her death scene , i hope it 's humiliating . 
  i 'm reading all these replies saying that the other two should have been killed as well , that they should be sent to prison for all their life etc for robbery and threatening rape . 
  i thought reddit was against harsher rape laws ? 
  cersei is worse than joff ever was , imho . 
  particularly since cersei was the one enabling joff to do all that shit since day one . 
  i find their use of the word `` baby '' instead of fetus very suspicious , so let 's check that [ source ] ( https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/nct02083809 ) :, 
   ages eligible for study : 14 years to 50 years, 
   genders eligible for study : female, 
   ** accepts healthy volunteers : no **, 
  inclusion criteria :, 
   requesting pregnancy termination, 
   patients with fetal anomaly or intrauterine fetal demise that occurred at 18 - to 24-weeks gestation, 
  yep , pushing an agenda . 
  how surprising . 
  the study only accepts women with fetal anomalies or whose fetus is already dead . 
  to the point where you do n't shoot sleeping children or people with their hands up , i should think . 
  it was ? 
  i picked the left-most option on that question ... 
  if i drink coffee , i fall asleep earlier than i intend and sleep about 8-9 hours . 
  if i do n't , i fall asleep at my natural bedtime and sleep 4-5 hours . 
  it 's relevant to the discussion of police violence . 
  people were using the same arguments you are using now when discussing that , even if this is something slightly different . 
   `` to the point that ... '', 
  ( edited , sorry ), 
  i agree with you and most people do , it 's just that police have been saying that as an excuse for so long now that it 's started to ring hollow . 
  and it 's very encouraging to see a police officer not go right for the gun in a situation like this . 
  in ultima noapte , erau niste evenimente care pana si in carte pareau extrem de irelevante ( yay , mostenire . 
  or , you know , just save them and then open them while he is at home , but doing something else , like sleeping . 
  you do n't have to be an expert , just computer literate . 
  and that 's very scary . 
  dar foloseam irelevant in sensul de `` neinteresant '' , nu `` neimportant in carte '' . 
   good for what they are, 
  cult , da . 
  inteligent si carismatic , lol nu . 
  tari , dar simple, 
  un hram ? 
  i know it 's colloquially used to mean `` fetus '' , that does n't mean it 's correct in the context of medical research . 
  i have no idea how `` x/y '' works . 
  my prescription is -5 . 
   feet, 
  why do you guys have to be so complicated, 
  about those ces ... 
  we rarely if ever get the atlus ones . 
  we did get the persona q ce , but it was like 80 or 90 pounds with shipping . 
  the curtain call ce from square enix was only available in like 5 countries . 
  bravely default 's ce was over # 100 at launch because they also felt the need to include a porcelain figure nobody asked for . 
  so all those ces amount to what , majora 's mask ? 
  ( since when does paying for hbo mean you wo n't pirate the episode and you wo n't watch leaks ? ), 
  back in the olden days , 4chan also hid cp in regular images that were actually some odd archives renamed as jpg that displayed something innocuous . 
  you might want to reconsider any ancient , strangely big images from / b / you may still have . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  it could be free and i would n't want it . 
  i do n't understand why it exists . 
  i might get fairune . 
  its scores are pretty low , but i loved witch & hero from the same people and that also had low scores . 
  thank you for the post !, 
  yes , she should have just wasted away from a disease she could apparently easily treat like * good * parents do . 
  there 's a difference between some idiot smoking pot daily for 20 years ( wtf man !, 
  ) , and someone treating a disease with it . 
   i fear that my bias is affecting the results, 
  yep , intp . 
  dude . 
  chill . 
  first , i 'm not the same person you initially replied to . 
  second , this woman is treating a debilitating disease using a substance that is much less likely to harm her than other available treatments . 
  to this situation , you reply `` but guys , pot is not harmless , it 's really bad i 've smoked it daily for 20 years and i know ! '', 
  which so completely off the wall it 's crazy . 
  edit : okay , before you fly off the handle again , i 'm * not * saying saying you 're wrong - i 'm saying you 're missing the point . 
  furthermore , you wrote that reply to explain why it 's not fucked for them to take her child away and potentially lock her up . 
  that 's how it came across , regardless of `` not to be a dick '' - if you do n't want to seem a dick , read your damn comment . 
  i called you an `` idiot '' for smoking pot for 20 years , without knowing that you were using it as a replacement or an aid with therapy . 
  it 's a reasonable assumption . 
  i assumed that you 'd have shown some sympathy to this woman 's situation if you also used it medicinally . 
  uncertainty , not necessarily . 
  but that phrasing though , it 's dripping intp . 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure she did have a prescription where she was from before she moved to kansas . 
  someone somewhere in this thread mentioned that the amount of marijuana she had was below the amount allowed for medicinal prescriptions . 
  that prescription did not apply to kansas though . 
  it was also mentioned that she was wasting away before taking this medicine . 
  jeopardizing her own life , or even her ability to work , would have also been terrible for the welfare of her child . 
  in any case , this is an example of a terrible and obsolete law that needs to change , and i respect the people with a legitimate need for this drug who are pushing against it . 
  entj , they can do anything they put their mind to . 
  because we intps spend so much time watching sports on tv ... ? 
  this is a classic strawman argument . 
  even though you know perfectly well that speeding has nothing in common with medical marijuana use to fight the symptoms of cancer or crohn 's , or hell , even recreational use inside your own home ( although this is * not * what we 're talking about ) , you redirect the argument to force me to explain why * speeding * might be bad . 
  the things is , if there are legitimately harmful laws , they need to be slashed from the books . 
  forcing someone who suffers a debilitating disease to bear it or consume some very harmful medicine when there is a * simple * alternative is bad . 
  taking away her child over following her treatment that was legal in another state even moreso . 
  and whether or not you can selectively enforce laws , i 'm sure there are plenty of antiquated and down-right stupid laws everyone ignores ( the `` you are n't allowed to carry ice-cream in your back-pocket on a saturday '' kind ) . 
   this is a classic stoner argument . 
  i 've never smoked marijuana in my life . 
  i 've never smoked at all , actually . 
  i 'm not arguing for recreational use ( although that should n't be illegal either , for various reasons ) , but for * medicinal * use . 
  and whether or not it impacts people ... seriously ? 
   a medical marijuana advocate has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily and could face possible charges following comments the boy made during a drug education program at his kansas school, 
  this is n't about some minor inconvenience . 
  everything you wrote here is refuted in the comments , and it 's getting late in my corner of the world . 
  so go read them . 
  you are dead wrong about everything , * especially * that it 's an excuse ( she 's extracting oil , not even smoking it ) . 
  only one of them is your type .
