  the circle pad really does wonders for difficult boss fights . 
  nisa-published games never go on sale here . 
  i have n't seen any of their games on sale , and i 've been checking the eshop every week since november 2013 . 
  amazon sellers and ebay ? 
  the prices change all the time . 
  ntr , literally ` having your wife stolen ' , is just the japanese term for cuckold porn . 
  so , just like ` cucking ' ? 
  nis releases tend to be pretty barebones * and * expensive * and * never have sales . 
  those are only available on release , and sometimes not even then ( fe ) . 
  li-anri sounds nice the way i 'm pronouncing it in my head ( li like lee , anri like the durarara character , and a really sharp `` an '' ) . 
  chanelize also looks worse than it sounds . 
  if you pronounce it like a cross between channel ( the brand ) and elise ( silent e at the end - `` eliss '' ) it sort of rolls off the tongue . 
  try to pronounce it with the french a sound . 
  and yes , it sort of does . 
   gestation 13-24 weeks, 
  this type of abortion should be rather rare . 
  i 'd guess the n3ds , for no other reason than because it has a smaller screen . 
  it 's almost as long as the original ds game . 
   grand total : eur 103,94, 
  eu prices apply , as always ... 
  still , really glad i managed to preorder a copy . 
  probably yes . 
  they 're usually in the language of the country you buy it from . 
  same here . 
  i did the missions as they appeared , and i killed the minotaur * accidentally * after walking into him while i was exploring a bit after struggling with sun wukong 's mission . 
   bosses with weaknesses and no hard mode, 
  just why, 
  i finally got around to buying it , and was looking forward to it , and it turns out my delivery got lost somehow : /, 
  that 's normal even if you do n't drop it . 
  i managed to eventually fix mine with superglue , although i almost managed to glue down the r key ( saved it just in time ) , so i do n't recommend it unless something breaks off . 
  it wo n't click if you hold a finger on it . 
  thank you . 
  you convinced me to try the series again . 
  i started with untold 1 and ended up dropping it after the first dungeon . 
  europe ? 
  getting things ? 
  lol, 
  you know , the people who keep talking about stardew valley in every . 
  single . 
  harvest moon thread , even on completely unrelated consoles , have put me off ever trying the game . 
  the main story is about 30 hours , and it plays more like bbs than the other main games . 
  it 's pretty slick and worth playing if you like the series . 
  just do n't play it as your first kh game . 
  the plot was stronger than nocturne , if that 's what you 're worried about . 
  as for a fantasy setting ... apocalypse is the direct sequel . 
  think about that for a moment . 
  saying anything more would be spoilers . 
  do n't play those one after the other , the farming will get very tedious . 
  play sos first though , and play it on easy mode . 
  in lieu of any explanation , just try the demo for awakening . 
  it 's a good representation of the game , even if it only includes the first two maps . 
  in fire emblem , you are given a set of game pieces with their individual strengths and weaknesses and playing field with a given objective . 
  you select the pieces best suited for the map and position and move them , to fulfil your mission . 
  after you have moved all your units , your enemy moves all of its units . 
  the point of the game is to finish it ( clear all the maps ) . 
  it 's not an action oriented game , it 's about strategy and tactics . 
  turn systems in general are about this , but in srpgs you get to consider things like relative position . 
  that sort of things appeals to many of us . 
  just get fire emblem awakening then . 
  i heard devil survivor overclocked is on sale right now , that 's another fantastic game . 
  you should consider homebrew . 
  one of the features of homebrew is region-free games . 
  i have n't played fantasy life . 
  between story of seasons ( the latest harvest moon ) and rune factory 4 , rf4 is * a lot * more relaxed . 
  the game has so many possible things to do , from farm activities to dungeon crawling that it ca n't tie you down to just one of these activities , and you can do them at your own pace . 
  explore the forest one day , then spend a week just farming and talking to people ? 
  or spend a week clearing a dungeon ? 
  the game does n't penalise you for either choice . 
  sos is more grindy and keeps you in a constant state of `` not enough time !, 
  i 'm sure they and not nintendo changed the quest outcomes , but i doubt they were the ones who thought the `` hands tied by a red string '' images from the artbook were too * risque * for our delicate western sensibilities . 
  they 're 17 , that 's underage ... almost nowhere in the world . 
  not to mention , most of the playerbase would be around that age or in their 20s . 
  especially silly when you consider that nobody who would get outraged because they confused a symbolic image of the red string of fate with bondage would buy the limited edition , very rare artbook of the series . 
  not everyone has a playstation . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're adolescents at that point . 
  they 're still pretty expensive . 
  i was when it was still popular , and i guess i still am since i 'll have to save for a couple of months to get a ps4 once p5 is out . 
  hearing them in the japanese audio is enough reason to skip them from the translation script . 
  anyone who knows what they are can understand them from the audio , so nothing is lost excluding them , and the awkwardness of having them in an english text is avoided . 
  poo from a big dog can look like human poo , i suppose . 
  it 's not common though . 
  legality to star in outright porn , mind . 
  that way past the age of consent even in most us states . 
  if only we had professional , paid translators to preserve the meaning while translating , rather than risking that we interpret a dungeon the wrong way because we understand the language insufficiently . 
  that 's the point . 
  they were censoring risque images of them in bathing suits , so nothing that should matter for the 18 + label . 
  this censorship would be less significant if the dungeon was n't about the * sexual objectification of young idols * in `` gravure modelling '' with a thin pretext of decency . 
  they already changed the meaning . 
  gravure modelling is nothing more than the sexual objectification of idols and actresses . 
  often , * young * idols appear in these calendars and magazines because the swimsuits give them a thin veneer of decency , but everyone knows what the magazines are for . 
  they 're constantly seen in anime as something perverted old men read . 
  it 's one of the realities of being an idol in japan , replacing it with * actual modelling * completely changes the meaning of the dungeon . 
  it 's social commentary , neutered . 
  `` meaningful , just in a different manner '' is exactly what i do * not * want from localisations . 
  if you want to tell a different story , make your own damn game . 
  i am not a translation purist . 
  i do not think honorifics or sempai or whateved need to be in the script , and natural sentences are far preferable to exact meaning . 
  * however * i draw the line at changing the message of a work of fiction and at changing cultural details because they might be * foreign * or cause offence . 
   feels a bit too pervy/uncomfortable, 
  * that 's the point of including it in the game * .
