  it 's mostly office jokes these days . 
  that song is pure happiness and the choreography is adorable . 
  what technocrats ? 
  he literally put the most incompetent people he could find in many cabinet positions . 
  the trump coverage during the primaries was partly her doing as well - remember the pied piper emails from the dnc leak ? 
  they wanted to set her up against the one candidate she was sure to win against ... did n't work out so well . 
  i was an overweight child and i got mine at 13 . 
  my mother and my sister were both underweight as children and got theirs at 9 and at 11 respectively . 
  i actually lost it for a few months when i was at my heaviest . 
  my doctor told me it 'd return to normal if i lost some weight . 
  it did . 
  i know it 's just anecdotes , but it does n't feel right . 
  harry potter was never particularly social though . 
  even the da was hermione 's idea iirc, 
  if i had terminal cancer , i 'd be willing to try just about anything to survive . 
  that 's the thing , the worst consequence is * death * . 
  which is already happening . 
  nothing the drugs would do would be worse than that . 
  i disagree about any side-effect being worse than death . 
  i did n't even think of locked in syndrome , it 's such an exaggerated outlier case example as a counterpoint to a very real problem . 
  but i do n't consider chronic pain worse than death , no . 
  there are people living with it , ask them if they would n't rather be dead . 
  i do n't think they would . 
  how about shorter teens ? 
  that 's the one game pack that might get me back into the game . 
  they 'd need to recode some animations , but considering how wonky the animations already are compared to , say , sims 2 ( the way plates teleport to tables and details like that ) i think it 's be slightly less work that most people expect . 
  of course , still more work than what they put into expansions these days . 
  how is that worse than torture and death ? 
  rather than a particular laptop , you might have a more stable experience if you downgrade to windows 7 . 
  but you 're comparing it to * actual * torture and concentraton camps and death and saying it 's * worse * . 
  worse than concentration camps ? 
  and death ? 
  i 'll agree to disagree that a one-time medical procedure , out of whack hormones and * potential * gender dysphoria is worse than a slow torturous death in a concentration camp . 
  no , you are the one severely downplaying torture . 
  but i 'd rather not argue this anymore so i 'll try to stop responding . 
  because it 's not . 
  torture has a very narrow definition that does not include the psychological distress that follows * for years afterwards * once the original stimuli is over . 
  cutting off your fingers one by one is torture , the ptsd that follows is not . 
  i understand you understand that it 's very bad and i agree ( though i still think it 's several degrees of awfulness below concentration camps ) , but you ca n't just slap the word ` torture ' on anything you consider awful . 
  we already have ` psychological torment ' to describe this sort of thing , just use that . 
  and aside from that bracket , this is unrelated to my original point that forced gender reassigmment < dying miserably in a concentration camp or in a public flogging . 
  ( sorry for the edits but the risk for foot-in-mouth is big on this subject ), 
  well , i 'd still rather cut bits of my body off than spend my life in a prison in sudan , but i guess you 're right that this is closer to ymmv . 
  holy shit . 
  now you 're comparing induced gender dysphoria to holocaust survivors . 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
  i legitimately feel sick right now . 
  where i work , a lot of people use it to mean `` save a file as pdf using freepdf '' . 
  to be fair though , freepdf ( and other similar applications ) is listed as a printer in devices and printers . 
  it 's still at full price in europe ... 
  `` my internet is n't working and my financialapp is n't starting ! '', 
  actual issue : he could n't log in to windows becausd the keyboard language was set to something else . 
  [ articolul asta ] ( https://fredrikdeboer.com/2017/05/09/lets-take-a-deep-dive-into-that-times-article-on-school-choice/ ) mai ales . 
  the consultations and the wait are n't as bad if you do n't have to drive to the other end of the country/state to get an abortion while dealing with the us 's lack of vacation days . 
  is n't that mixing up cause and effect ? 
  maybe white people are wearing it because it became accepted . 
  i am somewhat offended that members of a more privileged society ( the us ) think that they somehow own traditional hairstyles of my own culture ( braids ) . 
  part of the issue with the cultural appropriation discussion online is that it 's taking place in a global space . 
  you can backtrack and add * in america * later , but you 're not having this discussion in a purely american space or addressing just americans . 
  `` should n't be '' , but that 's what happens when you try to maintain a weight lower than your body 's set point . 
  300 lbs people also exist in east european villages where fast food does n't exist . 
  i was specifically thinking of villages with no fast food - and most of them do n't . 
  by the time even one shaworma stand pops up they tend to get reclassified as towns . 
  but still . 
  i * know * 300 + lbs people in villages with no fast food . 
  there is no frozen pizza in grocery stores in those kind of villages . 
  hell , the one i 'm thinking of only has one grocery store that doubles as a bar and barely sells anything . 
  the person i 'm thinking of specifically pays a neighbour once every few months to drive her out to a city where she buys some necessities she ca n't grow like bread and sugar ( she keeps the bread in the freezer ) . 
  for everything else , she keeps chickens , ducks and pigeons , buys pork , honey and dairy from neighbours , and keeps a decent garden . 
  when i was small , my grandmother 's village ( about 150km away from the one above ) was one of the largest - it had a big school and a kindergarten . 
  also , one grocery store , one bakery , one bar . 
  now that i think about it , there were only like 3 people on our street who were thin including my great-grandmother . 
  my favorite neighbor was huge . 
  sorry , i filled in the post with more details now . 
  depending on the village , some still grow wheat , make flour and bread out of it . 
  most people just buy either the flour or the bread nowadays . 
  they have various livestock . 
  there 's always someone who keeps honey bees . 
  they grow potatoes and corn , as well as other vegetables . 
  they have at least five fruit trees . 
  they make all sorts of jam and pickles that keep forever . 
  and lots of booze , yes . 
  it 's true though the villages i know are n't universal village experiences . 
  my se just arrived , it 's really beautiful . 
  i love the artbook especially . 
  ... and now to hunt down a dual audio version from somewhere . 
  ( has anyone played the game , how much of it is voiced ? ), 
  edit : speakin of beautiful ses , putting echoes next to fates makes fates look so crummy and small haha, 
  so more % voiced than fates ? 
  damn i was looking forward to using my cartridge this time . 
  niles was top husbando tier . 
  ( and soleil was romantically straight dammit ), 
   and if i think all of her s supports are platonic aside from her forrest support, 
  the original supports were regular romantic supports , like the other characters have . 
  i always assumed she was sexually attracted to both genders , and romantically straight ? 
  think of all the people who identify as bisexual but you only ever see them date one gender . 
  that seems to be the way the game set her up as , considering she could have had a romantic support with rhajat and did n't . 
  and about rhajat , it does n't help that the english version * cut her same sex support and pasted the opposite-sex support in its place * . 
  what 's wrong with that line in context ? 
  it sort of refutes itself because the romance does happen , therefore rhajat learns she can love a woman as a woman .
