  remember when they had a code that bricked the consoles of people using a copycat non-genuine gateway card ? 
  yes , through emunand - the same gateway uses . 
  well , you can load emulators and apply hacks to game roms , if that 's what you mean . 
  i just finished downloading the undubs to a bunch of atlus games . 
  to think that i 'd have paid money to get the extra audio as dlc . 
  i missed the results of the subreddit polls for best game and such - anyone have a link ? 
  i would n't call it `` easy '' , though it 's definetly easier . 
  ca n't imagine beating lunatic on classic with no battle saves . 
  monster hunter seems like it 'd be more up your alley than most 3ds games . 
  try the demo . 
  i 'm doing that with my phone charger , no issues so far . 
  i do n't think the vita charger would be that different . 
  you assume the majority of gamers would do that - people who already own a vita generally are n't the type to pirate , since the chance of it being hacked is so remote that they 're better off with a psp . 
  and new people - well , if it attracts * some * who do n't pirate , it 's a net plus . 
  piracy has been going down lately anyway , and especially on the vita having a physical copy is a good thing because of the price of memory . 
  path of radiance followed by radiant dawn are also pretty good to play after awakening , because ike . 
  although you 'll probably have to emulate them . 
  technically . 
  but then , persona 4 , danganronpa and other pirate-able games sold well enough on the vita , more than games that ca n't be pirated . 
  the vita port of danganronpa does n't have any significant additional content , and the localization is better in the fan version . 
  it does n't matter that much though , my point was just that these are two games you can pirate . 
  not for the full experience in persona 4 , but why would * pirates * buy the game for extra content ? 
  i do n't think enabling homebrew and piracy would affect software sales on the vita negatively compared to what they are * now * . 
  i do n't think people who would n't buy games even own a vita . 
  any new customers would be potential new buyers , even if only a percentage of them stay with legit copies . 
  thanks !, 
  i have n't seen anyone saying anything negative about yet , so probably ? 
  there is some dlc like that , yes . 
  but the invisible kingdom is more an expansion pack than dlc . 
  por and rd had battle saves iirc . 
  you could avoid any permadeath and most did . 
  classic does n't have battle saves . 
  those are a bigger advantage than the permadeath thing . 
  is n't hans kernel level ? 
  no , but it runs mods for 3ds roms , like undubs . 
  yes !, 
  i remembered your old thread , and the day the hax was released the first thing i did when i got home was look up and download the undub for ds2 - it works like a charm !, 
  thank you , this is the best thing ever . 
  i 've already got 70 hours in the game , this alone will double my playtime . 
  oddly enough , the undub also helped me appreciate the effort they put into the dub , because a lot of the voices are really similarly chosen ( and a few , like joe and airi , were actually better ) . 
  devil survivor , if you do n't have it yet . 
  i 'm eyeing conception ii myself . 
  at this price and with the undub out , it 's probably worth it . 
  i bought it and have n't touched it at all . 
  but i 've played the psp version extensively on an emulator - it 's a really nice vn . 
  yes , it does !, 
  there 's like ... 8 or so endings . 
  3 ending routes with extra content . 
  it 's a really fantastic game , and worth the price it 's on sale at . 
  have you played radiant historia yet ? 
  also , 999 . 
  this is my ranking too , although i have n't played strange journey . 
  i 'd also put overclocked over record breaker , for depth of story , but it 's really ymmv depending on which one you play first . 
  i was born in 89 , but in a former communist country . 
  i remember the terrible 90s , how technology gradually permeated , did n't have consoles and such growing up , we had rotary phones and casette tapes ... 
  i do n't feel like a millennial at all . 
  devil survivor with strict turns and some fe references would fit the bill even better . 
  how much did you play the ds version ? 
  this one 's fully voice acted , they fixed various annoyances with the battle systems , and there 's an extra day tacked on to the end of amane , yuzu and your cousin 's endings that really elaborate on the plot and wraps things up . 
  there were so many choices that i could n't decide , so nope . 
  buy them . 
  i think they were 20 % off once about 2 years ago . 
  depends . 
  have you played persona 3 and 4 ? 
  well . . 
  i wanted to buy one of the ~ 8 # games , but could n't decide which . 
  conception ii was the best option , but i wo n't be wanting to play turn-baseds in the next while . 
  there was atott and hometown story , but then i remembered story of seasons is coming out soon and it 's a must buy . 
  other games , like mh4 , were way above my ( remaining ) budget . 
  lord of magna and aot were tentative wait-until-january options , but they got me thinking that i 'd rather just get terraria at full price instead . 
  and i already have many of the games on sale . 
  so nothing bought . 
  it was n't . 
  the wide variety of options made he hesitate * just * long enough that i realised i would n't play any of the options i could afford in the next months . 
  i wish nintendo actually announced the games on sale . 
  i would n't have blown my entertainment budget in other places . 
  i * really * do n't remember ( i 'm from the eu region ) , just that there were threads on this . 
  one of the bigger stores anyhow . 
  then no , not really . 
  you should play persona 3 and 4 though , they 're amazing games . 
  i would n't touch this . 
  i want to get the physical version when it comes out . 
  the final boss in persona 4 was only around lvl 60 too . 
  they 'd have done themselves a favour if they just called this persona x fe and not set up unreasonable expectations . 
  and the `` performa '' , and the comparatively cheery atmosphere . 
  what more would you need ? 
  it locks you out of yuzu 's good ending , yes , because you ca n't create the barrier . 
  was still worth it for that playthrough . 
  1.3 new3ds only ? 
  i was actually expecting this to be very character driven , from the promos . 
  a toaster is strong enough to run it these days . 
  i first played it on a pc that had trouble running hd 1080p movies . 
  the emulated version also has the improved resolution , just remember to up the internal resolution in graphics properties . 
  you can run the emulator just as well from an original ps2 disc , if you 're worried about piracy . 
  you can break the early part just by using sukukaja . 
  doing the missions levels you beyond what you need - i accidentally killed minotaur while scouting after the sun wukong mission ( same weakness , same strategy ) . 
  smtiv 's difficulty is overstated . 
  although , i messed up flynn 's build , so the difficulty curve was way more normal for me . 
  the late bosses were harder than any of the early ones . 
  still , it 's one of the easier smts .
