  i keep a spare stylus , a case , a cleaning cloth and a couple of small cartridge cases in case i want to have several games on me . 
  the shin megami tensei games - either iv or one of the devil survivors , either of them . 
  they also released the themes for persona q and devil survivor 2 this week !, 
  and a demo to the keep . 
  ... although i sort of miss my homebrew theme already , there was no way i was n't buying these two . 
  murder of a fetus = fine = less than murder . 
  why are you ignoring every other verse ? 
  no it does n't say that . 
  read it again . 
  you might not be able to finish the game if your camera crashes your 3ds , like mine does . 
  though i stopped playing the game , so you might be able to get around that thing . 
  let 's not forget that the catholic church 's stance on * all * sex outside the context of marriage is `` do n't do it '' . 
  actually genuine biblical marriage , folks . 
  animal crossing was briefly on sale when smash came out - generally , do n't expect nintendo first party sales . 
  you might have more luck with used physical copies . 
  monhun might go on sale someday though . 
  maybe . 
  au in carrefour-ul din 700 , ma gandesc ca si in celalalte . 
  the devil survivor games , either one . 
  boi aside , smtiv when it 's on sale . 
  you can also use the canadian eshop iirc, 
  speaking of also on steam , what about terraria ? 
  i have about 8 # in funds on the eshop and * everything * is suddenly on sale . 
  unfortunately , i do n't have enough money left to get monster hunter , aot or lord of magna , but i do want to get * something * ... which of these would you recommend ? 
  i like jrpgs and do n't mind slow-paced games . 
  * conception ii, 
  * hometown story, 
  * harvest moon : a tale of two towns, 
  there are also these as options , with better reviews :, 
  * shantae and the pirate 's curse ( but i 'm not a fan of platformers ), 
  * super street fighter iv ( but i 'm not a fan of fighting games ), 
  which would you recommend ? 
  i 'm leaning towards hometown story . 
  there is n't , but load up an emulator and try the first chapter or two of the ds version . 
  it 's roughly the same , but the 3ds version has minor ( and major , later ) improvements over the ds version . 
  and more story . 
  the difference is that eo is a gameplay focused dungeon crawler , without a story or actual character development . 
  desu is a character and story focused tactical rpg . 
  it really depends on what you 're looking for :, 
  exploration and turn based dungeon crawling -  eo, 
  story and characters with fe-lite gameplay -  desu . 
  i 'm partial towards desu . 
  if you 're from europe , get it right now because it 's on sale !, 
  oh my god , that chili dog looks like someone took a dump in a hot-dog bun . 
  yes !, 
  and do n't even think of * not * getting it if you liked those two games . 
  the sale is for at least a week for most stuff , enough time to get a cheap 16 or 32 gb sd card . 
  just buy a new one ? 
  17/32gb cards can get pretty cheap these days . 
  any sd card will do . 
  some of them end on sylvester , some around 6-7 january . 
  btw , after you finish with desu , do n't jump straight into desu 2 . 
  the two games mutually set each other up for disappointment ; let some time pass , a year or so . 
  i agree with / u/goenzogo about bravely default , and etrian games rarely have much of a story . 
  for all i know emd might be an exception though . 
  i recommend rune factory 4 and - maybe , devil survivor 2 record breaker . 
  it can get depressing and dark , but it 's a bright game and very cheerful and zany for its subject matter . 
  i - do n't know . 
  oops . 
  if it is n't , go for ace attorney . 
  you 're in for a real treat . 
  one tip : fuse * often * , the base level of the demons affects their damage output . 
  this is just in the devil survivors . 
  say , nocturne , is stats all the way , which is why you can raise a regular pixie or whatever to go against lucifer ( it 's incredibly tedious though ) . 
  but in the devil survivors a demon with a higher base level will always outdamage and take less damage than a demon with low base level ( unless the lower demon has insane stats , up to a point ) . 
  i do n't know whether this is true for smt4 . 
  desu2 , more like . 
  get desu , if only because it 's so rarely on sale . 
  need hmm . 
  if you just grow one of everything over the course of the game , you can just buy the ingredients at the store ( although farming them is more satisfying ) . 
  you also catch food by fishing , somethings - like apples - drop from killing monsters , others you can tame monsters for ( like bees for honey ) . 
  all this goes into the cooking system , which goes into the gift system and your stats . 
  the game gives you a lot of freedom in how to play it . 
  yes . 
  i played the original , and played overclocked for another 92 hours . 
  there 's a * lot * of new content in those 8th days . 
  only the beginning . 
  and even then , there 's ways to accidentally cheese the early bosses . 
  i 've never gotten a free play like that on my xl . 
  i did n't even know it was a thing , outside of the free plays that you get with a spotpass newsletter . 
  your list of preferences sounds like you 're describing smtiv , so go for that . 
  equip fire spells and load up on demons with sukukaja . 
  those battles can get pretty easy if you 're not going into them blind . 
  browserhax is the one with the qr code right ? 
  does it still work if launching the camera crashes the 3ds , or is it unrelated ? 
  thanks !, 
  devil survivor overclocked , if the sale is still on . 
  it sounds like you 're describing smtiv . 
  this comment gave me some deja vu . 
  devil survivor 2 undub , here i come !, 
  seems like i 'll be playing the septentrione arc a ~ ~ third ~ ~ fifth time after all . 
  edit : holy shit it works !, 
  custom themes and undubs !, 
  at least , i hope . 
  i 'm about to test the undub for devil survivor 2 ( hnnnng , this is a dream come true ) . 
  steam was succesful long before they had any refund policy . 
  meh , i would n't worry about piracy . 
  even if the * only * people buying the hacked console were pirates , it 'd be a net win for sony considering the vita 's abysmal sales . 
  but most people would still buy available games , i imagine , even if piracy were available . 
  hah , no kidding .
