  and `` you may not have an abortion '' is * not * a negative right ? 
  how is that compatible with libertarianism ? 
  to anyone who cares a lot about dual audio , it might be worth waiting a few days until someone makes a dual audio patch for homebrew . 
  some comments on serenes also seemed to indicate that it might be possible to patch petting back in , although this is not certain . 
  the english version of the song is beautiful as well . 
  i like it more than the japanese version even , and i 'm a huge subs-only purist . 
  that said , a dual audio patch should be out too relatively soon after the game comes out . 
  if you 're at 10.3 and care about homebrew or hacking , you might want to downgrade anyway for future-proofing . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it will be a patch that replaces the current audio with a different track if you load it via hans . 
  it 's the same as dual audio in practice . 
  i 'm torn betwen marx and leon . 
  i 'm glad i 'll be playing male/hoshido first !, 
  both, 
  that 's a terrible decision : /, 
  i missed that too , thanks . 
  try to pay attention before they release ? 
  other than that , there 's not much you could do . 
  rare limited editions are expensive for a reason . 
  it 's not quite an undub in the tradition sense , since you can always switch back to the other audio by reloading the game . 
  but yes . 
  i do n't think many people actually toggled the audio while playing , they mostly just picked one . 
  just the nx , which might be a hybrid console . 
  you wander around a devastated city , trying to find the best way to save the world from religious zealots and crazy anarchists . 
  radiant historia ? 
  bravely second is n't the sort of game they 'd censor , other than minor cosmetic changes with the costumes . 
  it 's not on youtube ? 
  someone on a shadier part of the internet uploaded it a while ago . 
  you 're not * stuck * with it . 
  loading the regular audio is just a matter of not opening the game via hans . 
  this is not like undubs for ps2 or psp games . 
  you have n't played devil survivor 1 and 2 yet . 
  go for that . 
  edit : or even rune factory 4, 
  * yes * . 
  devil survivor 1 has one of the best stories on the 3ds . 
  it 's a fantastic game . 
  devil survivor 2 's story is n't quite * as * good , but it makes up for it with the fantastic cast . 
  we do n't actually know how loose his is or how stiff yours is - it might be worth calling nintendo ? 
  you can play some indie homebrew 3ds games if you install homebrew . 
  to pirate commercial games , you 'll need a sky3ds flashcart - those are pretty expensive though and not really worth it . 
  for ds games , ds flashcarts like the r4i still work . 
  speaking of , i really need to buy one too . 
  why would n't it be ok ? 
  east european raw ingredients are better than the same from western europe , the quality difference is at the industrial processing stage . 
  it 's not piracy , it 's just hacking . 
  piracy means playing games you do n't own , with a grey area for copies that are n't yours for games you do own . 
  europe does n't even get a physical version :(, 
  unfortunately not . 
  if you plan to buy out-of-region games and play them with the homebrew region free loader , please be careful when updating your console . 
  nintendo has a bad habit of trying to patch the exploits homebrew uses . 
  yes , you can play things normally ( this includes saving ) , you just boot them via the homebrew menu . 
  and it depends on whether or not nintendo disable homebrew in future updates . 
  just keep an eye on this sub when you get a message about updates . 
  if you 're on 10.3 or below , do n't update . 
  keep in mind that this game is meant to be played several times , so do n't stress about missing events . 
  just play at your own pace . 
  and have fun , you 're in for a treat . 
  the first version of terraria i played was the mobile version - the 3ds version is a better version of it , imho . 
  it has everything i liked from it , with an even better control scheme . 
  i could never get into the pc version because i do n't like having to use my mouse or complicated hotkey systems during games . 
  i bought the mobile version at a massive sale and pirated the pc version , so i did n't mind paying full price for the 3ds version . 
  the devil survivors are way more replayable than the persona games or smtiv - the games have like 8 , 9 endings !, 
  if you like replaying games , you 'll * really * like these . 
  unfortunately not . 
  you do n't really install it in any meaningul sense . 
  it 's a file you put on your sd card , and then you use homebrew ( specifically hans ) to point the 3ds to load resources from that file instead of the cart . 
  you need homebrew . 
  be careful if you decide to download any updates . 
  hoping for the original names !, 
  the best part is , it should be available by the time it comes out in europe . 
  yes . 
  just make a hans folder on your sd card . 
  `` but the way of massacre in smt4f '' = `` shura no michi '' ? 
  eventual investesti si intr-un ssd . 
  i was n't trying to say anything . 
  i was just wondering at the expression , since that is a phrase you hear - well , not often , but also not rarely - in japanese media , and `` path of carnage '' looks so odd in english . 
  eh , we 're getting this in europe ? 
  is it available from amazon ? 
   international shipping - courier # 20.99 gbp, 
   international shipping - standard delivery # 10.99 gbp, 
  gah what 's up with those shipping fees . 
  it 's not available anywhere else ? 
  it 's near certain that they 'll patch it eventually , but of course you 'd need to update for that to take effect . 
  if you 're on 10.3 or below , your best best is to downgrade to a version that supports emunand , so you can update without worrying too much . 
  either overclocked or eoiv . 
  i 'd say go for overclocked , it has one of the best stories on the 3ds . 
  cartridges no , region-free cias yes . 
  i have the cia installed , but since i heard about the possible delocalisation patch i 'm * really * reluctant to touch it . 
  i guess i just feel better with an official copy . 
  the 3ds is my first gaming console . 
  i bought after i saved up enough money from my first job as an adult . 
  that 's why i do n't have ocarina of time lying around . 
  plenty of people kept their preorders in hopes of a patch coming out , and failing that because it 's mega profitable to sell on ebay . 
  i 've changed my mind on buying this so often now , i do n't even know myself . 
  besides , who knows when they 'll announce the eu version . 
  i 'd recommend 365/2 days for the ds if you 've never played a kh game before . 
  it 's not as good an entry point as the ps2 games ( and their ps3 remasters ) , but it 's better than ddd for newcomers , and it does n't have a ps3 remaster like the other games in the series . 
  if you decide to play days , watch a playthough of kh2 ( or play it on an emulator ) until sora appears , and read up a little bit on the world . 
  the only changes in awakening were a minor edit to a dlc picture , henry 's support and the names ( in which a lot of thought was put into , unlike with fates ) .
