  yes well , as someone from romania i 'm very insulted about them calling themselves roma . 
  unless they find a better name i 'll keep calling them gypsies , kthx . 
  it was a sad scene though, 
  i would n't say for centuries , since they were kept as slaves until fairly recently . 
  ( not in the region i 'm from though , thank god . ), 
  the orthodox church apparently had a huge hand in this . 
  if they delay it again , it will be competing against persona q , which comes out late november ( even more than it already is ) ... 
  it also seems to have missed the hungarians in romania ( harghita and covasna in particular , but the whole of transylvania in general ) . 
  the banat region ( the western part of the country ) would also be quite happy to separate . 
  what does a game being in submission mean ? 
  and thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
   romanians : we 're eu citizens , give us houses so we can stop sleeping rough at park lane, 
  please stop confusing us with gypsies , uk ; _ ;, 
  * the uk is a very wealthy country, 
  * most people already know english, 
  i 'm surprised anyone is surprised . 
  also ,, 
   lord sugar, 
  is that really his name ? 
   becoming unable to focus in class, 
  that literally the opposite of what coffee does . 
  chances are the kids could n't focus because they did n't sleep enough ( which is also why they needed the energy drink ) . 
  3 cups of coffee is about the same as 4-5 cans of energizer . 
  a day . 
  that is a vast amount of coffee . 
  you need to go to sleep at 10 to get 8 hours ( 10-6 ) . 
  which is doable ... if you skip homework . 
  did you forget what a shitfest hs was ? 
  dude , it 's just caffeine , sugar and b vitamins . 
  calm the fuck down . 
  that 's a strawman , nobody actually does that . 
  fact is , caffeine in moderate amounts is good for you and promotes concentration . 
  you might as well ban coca cola then ... 
  aspartame would actually be a lot better than regular sugar . 
  i am talking about 15 year olds operating on 5-6 hours of sleep at best , not 7 year olds overdosing on the sugar in it . 
  i ca n't play online unless i 'm right next to my wireless router ( which is bad , because it 's in my sister 's room ) . 
  and i 'm having some issues with some notes registering weirdly too , but not very often . 
  i also have a physical cart . 
  not really . 
  it 's been banned for anyone under 18 . 
  that includes all ages above 13 as well . 
  7 year olds should n't even be allowed to leave the premises of the school during school hours , much less buy coffee at a supermarket . 
  a regular cup of coffee has between 80 and 120 mg of caffeine . 
  i was averaging it at 100 , so 3 x 100 is 300 . 
  3 x 80 is 240 , 4 x 80 is 320 - so it 's closer to 4 cups . 
  i was wrong about the 5 though . 
   some kids can easily drink 6 + cans, 
  and some adults drink 10 cups of coffee a day , but i honestly doubt that 's anywhere close to the norm . 
  6 cans is 1.5 l , i honestly doubt they are drinking that much liquid anything . 
  or even have money to buy 6 + cans a day . 
  the taurine 's effects are n't that significant : http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/804080 i would n't say it 's anything to worry about . 
  i do agree about the sugar though . 
  i just jumped to my 3ds to check . 
  this is amazing . 
  a lot of people . 
  you do n't * stop * caring about something you 've wanted for a long , long time . 
  there are n't that many rpgs on the system . 
  [ they 've been going strong since 1987 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/megami_tensei ) , since the series technically started with megami tensei . 
  [ they also tried a kiddy-smt after pokemon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shin_megami_tensei:_devil_children ) , but it was n't particularly popular . 
  ^ i ^ ^ started ^ ^ ^ crying . 
  i saw this nobunaga concerto just last week . 
  i thought that part was fictional : o, 
  this . 
  although i 've gotten used to turn based gameplay from the smt games , so it does n't bother me anymore . 
  i mainly play rpgs , maybe that 's why it does n't feel that way . 
  e un factor * extrem * de pozitiv . ), 
  you can emulate all smt games except for the ones on the 3ds ( which you have ) and one on the vita ( p4 golden ) . 
  anyway , i recommend devil survivor overclocked for the moment . 
  what 's a qte ? 
  saptamana trecuta am descarcat final fantasy xiii pe steam , care avea 55gb . 
  there 's still persona 5 for me . 
  here 's hoping atlus will look into porting that to pc , because i probably wo n't buy a ps4 for just one game . 
  it 'll be a version that 's about $ 400 cheaper though, 
  oh okay , thanks . 
  i never bought a ps3 , mostly because i did n't have money for that and a tv screen . 
  i never experienced lag . 
  and never had a problem with the drop system either . 
  yes , it is . 
  but before playing it , you should play birth by sleep ( ps3 , psp or an emulator ) and 358/2 days ( ds , you can get it cheap ) . 
  those two are important for the plot of ddd . 
  also , you should definitely play it if you plan to play khiii . 
  i 'm saying , i never experienced lag , not that i do n't know what it looks like . 
  and i 've heard of the drop gauge being a bitch in battles , but it * never * , not * once * dropped me in the middle of a boss battle . 
  also , i personally downvoted you because ddd is a game you * ca n't * skip if you 're planning on ever playing kh3 . 
  whatever it 's downsides ( and i agree about the in-game camera ) , it 's * really important * . 
  if you do n't have a ps3 or are n't willing to get one just for that game , there 's a translation patch of the final mix you can emulate or run on a psp . 
  it 's called `` the xehanort saga '' for a reason . 
  if this bothers you , you might want to skip kh3 . 
  the characters are the same as in the other games . 
  if you ca n't stand them and hate the plot , why are you even playing the series ? 
  bbs has better graphics than ddd . 
  it 's arguably the best game in the series ( save for kh2 final mix ) . 
  you really , really should play it . 
  days also looks amazing for a ds game and because of the mission format it 's perfect to play on the fly . 
  recoded is the only one that might look a little dated , but it has amazing gameplay to make up for it . 
  also got one , eshop is set to uk and club nintendo to germany . 
  neat prices , would pirate . 
  even with taxes , double prices are insane . 
  why does that only apply to countries richer than the us ?
