  islam can be homophobic without literally 100 % of muslims being homophobes . 
  christianity is homophobic too . 
  his point was that people are comfortable acknowledging the second , but will call you a racist islamophobe if you speak out against the first . 
  and it 's not just homophobia , it 's also misogynism and built-in pedophilia . 
  if you do n't personally do this , that 's great , and this argument was not about you . 
  well , yes , but american muslims are the most liberal group of muslims on the planet . 
  i care very little about us muslims though , since they are an ocean away and not really an influence on the groups i 'm actually concerned about . 
  persona 4 is part of smt , so you 've already started . 
  i recommend playing either smt4 ( 3ds ) , digital devil saga ( ps2 ) or persona 3 fes ( ps2 ) . 
  for the 3ds games , devil survivor 1 or 2 are also a great choice . 
  smt4 apocalypse is a direct sequel to smt4 and soul hackers is sort of dated , so i would n't recommend them to start with . 
  if you do n't update it , you can hack it with region free custom firmware , and even change the console 's region for eshop access if you want . 
  check out / r/3dshacks, 
  when you speak about muslim immigration , you 're not talking about `` american muslims '' who are already here and might even have been born here . 
  we have us layout keyboards and all of our users have german layouts . 
  i 've memorised most of the german keys by now , but i never remember where to find the backslash . 
  i 've gotten used to cheesing it in with alt92 . 
  i really do n't buy the `` low bar to entry '' argument . 
  gamers in poor countries are almost invariably pc gamers . 
  the reason i do n't have a home console yet is that a ps4 + tv is way out of my budget . 
  renaming anything to . bak instead of deleting it when troubleshooting . 
  i do first level support for a large company . 
  if i do n't cross-test , regardless of how pointless it is , the second level will be at my neck for not doing that and the ticket gets returned and delayed . 
  so it 's faster just to check these things during the first phone call , script or not . 
  because my company does n't actually enforce a script ( the calls are not monitored ) , this happens a lot . 
  maybe the killing curse mimics some essential part of the spell that creates horcruxes . 
  swipe for me . 
  it 's pretty much identically quick to having no security set . 
  slightly over 2eur in romania . 
  you should mention that this is just for people living in the us . 
  there is no `` none '' answer to, 
   how many years have you lived in the u.s. ? 
  is it possible to transfer a save from an eu copy of shin megami tensei 4 into a us ( well , region-unlocked ) one ? 
  i installed smtiv from the eshop , made a copy of the savefile with jksm , uninstalled it , installed an undub region-free/us cia of the game and now jksm says `` error opening save archive '' . 
  i totally forgot about that - thanks !, 
  10-15 , anything more and my bgc spikes, 
  my diabetes doctor keeps telling me a postprandial bgc up to 180 is perfectly fine , so i 'm stuck with this amount . 
  the good thing is that 15g is still high enough to allow sugary snacks in small amounts , and puts me in keto without even aiming for it . 
  oh , this amount is what keeps me at ~ 140 or under . 
  sorry , that was n't clear . 
  since my a1c was 5.7 , the doc just told me to worry less because i 'll never have the bcg of a healthy person . 
  so i 'm stuck with the 15g limit for now . 
  we do n't use outlook , i do n't have access to any of the shares ( thank god i never tried to have this fixed ) , and i have n't heard of anyone else getting hit , it 's just so weird ... 
  our ceo sent out a newsletter that included a picture of someone wearing a guy fawkes mask today , sort of funny in hindsight . 
  it 's not meant for new players , it 's meant for fans of persona 3 and 4 . 
  if you want to play it for the dungeon mechanics , i recommend going for etrian odyssey instead , and if you want a persona game , grab a game disc and emulate 3 or 4 on your pc . 
  if you have five months of food and rent put aside , you 're not poor . 
  does it matter who her running mate is ? 
  this is strictly about federal funding at this stage , they will not elected , they will not get into government . 
  his where the o is me !, 
  i misread that somehow this morning , oops . 
  my point still stands though , most working people `` should '' also not be poor . 
  we had massive emigration before the eu as well . 
  emigration actually slowed down in recent years . 
  we have a more comfortable life , so people are n't rushing to move away . 
  but can you walk around the court and hump komaeda ? 
  opera invented pretty much all of our in-built convenience features , like tabbed browsing or that launch page that lists thumbnails of websites . 
  it 's just sad they gave almost all of their unique features to switch to chromium . 
  for best results , make sure to mention that you 're trans-black as well . 
  wrong sub ? 
  people who work browse reddit while at work , often . 
  students ca n't do this . 
  you can also say the userbase shifted age groups in the other direction . 
  there was one show i actually chose to watch dubbed after listening to a couple of episodes in both languages , when i 'm a huge sub purist : glass fleet . 
  but it 's a terrible show , so i would n't really hold it up as a gold standard of anything . 
  i 'm playing the undub of smt4 : a right now and i 'm considering switching to the dub because the original voices mangle non-japanese terms . 
  but if i switch , i 'll probably be annoyed at them mangling the names of the japanese locations and local gods . 
  why are the two languages so incompatible . 
  ^ ( i wish serious german dubs were still a thing . ), 
  foregoing sugar is n't going to make you more or less hungry after a few hours . 
  that sugar is burned off or put away as fat way before your next meal . 
  we had an email on january 1st at 3am that someone 's sap password was n't working and they needed it reset asap . 
  january 1st was a friday this year . 
  then they complained that it took * days * for us to get back at them . 
  people carry tablets around all the time . 
  this looks like a `` gaming tablet '' more than anything else imho which is pretty sweet . 
  but providing services really is n't actually speech . 
  free speech is grumbling about gays ruining the country * while baking the cake * . 
  you really have to twist the meaning to make selling something ` speech ' . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemaker, 
  may the winner enjoy my $ 2 . 
  what if you understand spoken japanese , but ca n't read the language ? 
  i do n't need subs to watch anime or japanese movies / tv-series , but i ca n't read a book in the language . 
  that 'd be easy , since persona 3 was n't exactly a gold standard of dubbing . 
   ` just mute the voices ! / watch a youtube video ! ', 
  i did the first for soul hackers , and the second for desu2 . 
  if i 'd play them now , i 'd just download the undub like i did with p3/4 . 
  it was annoying compared to just having the dual audio included though . 
  rotating world was fine , but the true theme of desu2 will always be world of illusions :, 
  i still have memories of the firmament in my playlist , after all these years . 
  i wonder if we 'll ever get a desu 3 . 
  / r/shittylifeprotips would love this, 
  i like how they 're a `` fresh '' store . 
  i 'm sure the opening will be `` grand '' too . 
  it feels like he 'd have phrased this differently ( or not said this t all ) if he was talking about someone else . 
  and `` yatsu '' is mostly translated to a gendered form like guy or bloke , it 'd be weird if referred to kaede as `` yatsu '' . 
  if you say pound , i 'm putting in a # . 
  # did n't even cross my mind . 
  it 's ` sharp ' or ` hash ' for me . 
  sounds good .
