  if you isolate your country , you conserve your values * and your resources . 
  the term is the opposite of progressive . 
  whether that applies to us republicans or is any good is another debate though . 
  nah , internet is just really cheap here . 
  i get a maximum download speed of about 4mb/s for 7 eur or $ 9 . 
  it 's true that the eu funds are not used as well as they could be ( which is largely because regular folk with projects in mind ca n't access them ) , but since we joined * everything * improved . 
  the cities are cleaner , unemployment went down , our massive yearly inflation stopped and even our minimum wage rose a lot . 
  the non-eu countries around us have it a lot worse . 
  the roma are only like 3 % of the population , and i 've been seeing less and less of them in recent years . 
  they 're a problem even here , for various reasons , but really not as much as people make them out to be ... 
  and about romanians , yeah . 
  we do have uneducated , lazy and violent people , but so does everywhere else . 
  we also have doctors , writers , an army of programmers , just like everywhere else . 
  we do n't even have a particularly foreign culture compared to the rest of the continent . 
   best of luck to you and your family, 
  thank you !, 
  nope , stands are for poor people . 
  supermarkets are a-ok . 
  status symbols do n't manifest quite the same here ( everyone buys the cheapest decent car they can find , usually second hand ) . 
  cheap jewellery and second hand clothes are also fine , it 's the little luxuries that make the difference : eating out , eating a pizza , drinking coke rather a cheaper imitation , whether your shoes are worn or not , etc. 
  it depends on the city though . 
  either it 's safe or you have to bomb kids playing on the beach because you 're terrified for your life . 
  you ca n't fucking have it both ways . 
  you do realize that most of the palestinians in gaza were n't even born yet in 2000 ? 
  only since january . 
   travellers, 
  uhh ... romanian roma are n't travellers . 
  the only reason they are leaving the country in droves is because they live much better wherever they go . 
  i remember some interviews with them a few years back ( when france started giving them money to leave ) , and they said that even the trashcans are stuffed with good food there . 
  they still have houses and mansions here . 
  ( i 'm saying `` they '' , but a lot of us got jealous of france back then , heh . ), 
  our own stereotype of roma is n't poor travellers , it 's rich and violent . 
  i have a colleague at work who almost got killed because a roma was throwing axes after someone . 
  that said , i also know roma who have assimilated and live normally , and i respect them a lot . 
  i ca n't imagine how tough it was for them to build a career . 
  and if you come , i recommend cluj and the various monasteries around transylvania . 
  there 's also some breath-taking scenery around here , in the mountains ( did you know that romania was the second choice for the lord of the rings set , if new zealand refused ? ), 
   provide a pay structure that retains the wage balance even if women leave the work-force to start a family, 
  they actually do this in many , if not most , developed countries . 
  it 's illegal to fire a pregnant woman and they are obligated to take her back after her paid maternity leave . 
  it does n't help a lot , but it 's sure better than what you 're describing . 
   stop reading, 
  how is this at all relevant ? 
  and why do you think a stay-at-home mom who by definition has more time for hobbies than a working mom would read less ? 
  so you do n't like feminism because you like science ... ? 
  and 85 % of the population is in san francisco ? 
  edit : so why do n't the people in missile range move ... ? 
  i mean , the bombing has been going on for over a decade , it 's not a new development . 
  why are there even people left in the unsafe places then , how many years have they been bombed now ? 
  detroits is n't complaining that they 're terrified and ca n't sleep because they 've been bombed for decades . 
  i can understand people in poor areas not leaving . 
  i can obviously understand gazans not leaving ( because they ca n't ) . 
  but what 's keeping the israeli 's in those couple of cities ? 
  i 'm not saying this is a solution , because it is n't . 
  i just ca n't understand the logic of staying there just to cry about how hellish it is . 
   getting blown to bits, 
  what was the death toll again ? 
  in how many years ? 
  edit : more people die falling off chairs or slipping in bathtubs per * year * than that . 
  also , http://www.reddit.com/r/israel/comments/2cfq92/should_i_come_to_israel/, 
  apparently israel feels that their country is safe and peaceful enough for tourists . 
  that 's not terror . 
  indeed , sins of your fathers . 
  i think the bible said you should be held accountable 7 generations , right ? 
  ... that 's bullshit , dude . 
  edit : typo , `` held '', 
  i 'm comfortable asking questions . 
  you seem to be comfortable taking things at face value . 
  if my town was bombed , and it was bombed for over a decade ( when did this start again , i do n't recall ) then i 'd live in a fucking tent if that 's what it took . 
  either that or the danger is n't actually that bad - i 'm leaning towards this . 
  that was in 2000-2005 . 
  of course i was n't thinking about that when that guy said `` israeli kids '' and * used present tense . 
  edit : added what 's after *, 
  i 'm working with people who think diet should be determined by bloodtype and who hesitate to vaccinate their kids . 
  it depends more on the person . 
  if someone is predisposed to be an ignorant idiot , they 'll stay that way even if they work . 
  same here , the right hinge cracked in 5-6 months . 
  i have a regular blue console , and i was very very careful with it . 
  although my console has copyright 2011 , so it might be that older units were worse or they degrade over time . 
  do n't they have the \u00a9 from the year they were made ? 
  huh , did n't know . 
  do you really think israel would survive that nuclear attack ? 
  edit : will -  would, 
  i 'm surprised this did n't happen sooner , given the horrible images we 've been seeing for a while now . 
   1 killed, 
  this will get worse before it gets better . 
  and it 's israel 's own damn fault . 
  source ? 
  why am i not surprised ... 
  when the city of gaza will be calm , silent and still - like a mass grave . 
  which it will become if israel continues emulating nazi germany . 
   people on the internet are trolls, 
  you do n't say ? 
  sweden of all places has forest fires ? 
  let them . 
  they 're only hurting their own cause by polarizing all the moderates . 
  israel is obviously committing atrocities , defending and justifying it just makes them seem like worse monsters . 
  especially with that approval rating ... 
  this . 
  i 'm 100 % satisfied with the rest of it , but that resolution ...
