  ugh now i feel dirty, 
  meh , i grew up catholic . 
  we read and discussed stories from the bible in class . 
  it does n't work unless your nnid matches your country . 
  most countries in the eu region are screwed . 
  pretty much everyone in my office has it . 
  i was n't spoiled about anything , not even the cast members . 
  it felt pretty amazing going through that one guy 's dungeon dreading that he 'd join the party , or finding out naoto is a girl when the game tells you . 
  about the killer , i was n't suspecting anyone of being it - i did n't really pay any attention to adachi and his role was pretty minor , so it felt like a bit of a cop-out it was revealed that he was crazy . 
  playing the game spoiled for the killer 's identity might have improved my experience , since i 'd have kept an eye on everything he said and did . 
  sure it would have , if they put it on the 3ds . 
  this would have had nearly fe-level sales on the 3ds as well . 
  idols aside , it was a bad move putting this game on a different market than the one it was marketed for . 
  i mean , it was marketed for fe and smt fans , then for fans of jrpgs in general . 
  the fanbases for those games are on the 3ds , with relatively little overlap on the wii u. 
  number of ( other ) smt games on the wii u : 0, 
  number of ( other ) fe games on the wii u : 0, 
  it does n't matter if they 're on consoles if they 're on * different * consoles . 
  those are very different situations . 
  they can put mainline games wherever they want by definition . 
  smt x fe was advertised as a game * for fans of smt and fe * . 
  the idea started as a crossover game . 
  it 's not the kind of game that ties into the larger mythos that can afford to be on a new console , it will not make smt and fe fans buy an entirely new console just for it . 
  if you want to compare it to something , it 's like square putting kh ddd on the 3ds ( which was also a really unpopular move ) , except worse because unlike ddd this is not a `` mandatory '' game . 
  cute response . 
  my little sister was like that , she was the youngest of two . 
  25 is still too hot for me . 
  i 'm glad our office compromise is at 24 . 
  they have fanta zero and sprite zero at carrefour !, 
  i even saw some dr pepper zero at one . 
  no luck on the ice-cream yet d :, 
  the chest looks male . 
  it 's more likely that it 's just a bishonen . 
  his design reminds me more of armatised sorey than anything . 
  i moved on to pokemon go . 
  having to plan ahead what evolve medals to farm for which specific medals was very annoying after a while , and the missions are too boring for the most part to prop up the game when it throws a wrench into the collecting/evolving ocd bait . 
  why ? 
  it 's just flicking the screen when it buzzes every few minutes . 
  it 's not even distracting . 
   dietary changes opposite of everything you preach . 
  i 'm sorry , this reply is n't very clear . 
  i assume you did n't mean a dietary change to a low-fat , low-protein , high-carb diet . 
  it took me almost three months to adjust , personally . 
  it was worth it though . 
  my blood glucose is generally lower if i drink . 
  since my alcohol tolerance is also pretty high , i 've used this to cheat on special occassions . 
  but i 'm type 2 , so experimenting with things like this is safer for me . 
  sugarfree redbull is mainly a mix of b vitamins and caffeine , so i would n't say it 's any more unhealthy than other sugarfree carbonated drinks . 
  the japanese fanart pretty universally has him as male , the artist is the guy from fire emblem awakening ( his most androgynous female is sully , while his most feminine male is libra ... ) , and his frame looks male . 
  th only thing pointing to female is the name ... and i do n't put much stock in that . 
  if you say his face looks female , i can only ask - is this your first time seeing japanese character designs ? 
  if anything , he looks less feminine than flynn or nagito or libra . 
  uhh . 
  heeled boots is pretty common on men in japanese media , and the heels are n't exactly feminine . 
  the thighs are more muscled than smooth . 
  compare with the character sorey in tales of zestiria , any of his armatized forms . 
   face shape, 
  as if you can tell on anime characters . 
  they 're not meant to look like girls , not really . 
  a guy meant look like a girl in an anime/game really obviously does , like ruka from steins ; gate , or mikleo from zestiria , or chihiro from danganronpa . 
  blanche looks more like the young samurai archetype , where you can find characters like flynn or gakupo . 
  his chest and waist are key , imho . 
  even naoto had an obviously feminine figure once you realised it - blanche ... does n't . 
  what does this have to do with someone throwing a little girl 's bicycle away ? 
  ~ 17 $ / 50 strips for onetouch ultra . 
  i 've heard there are meters with cheaper strips though . 
  edit : forgot to say , this is for romania . 
  i tested myself 2 hours after about 80g of carbs a few days ago to see how i 'd react now ( about 10 months since i was diagnosed ) , and my blood sugar shot up 120 points , from mid-90s to 213 . 
  you should definitely try lowering your carbs . 
  and if you guess , you probably average more . 
  there 's a lot more carbs in food than you 'd think . 
  it does n't say that on mine ? 
  just that i 'm supposed to take it with a meal . 
  you can still eat fruit , just in small amounts . 
  now that i think about it , my dad has had ~ 300-400 bgc for about 20 years now ( he refuses to take insulin ) , but he does n't seem worse off for it ... 
  he travels the world , even wrote a book recently . 
  i get `` brain fog '' at 200 + already . 
  i was looking for a town building game for my phone , but the discount does n't seem available in romania . 
  maybe . 
  everyone is different , if he has a naturally delayed sleep cycle and his sleep/wake times are consistent , it should be fine . 
  if he sleeps `` normal '' hours during the weekend ... ehh . 
  but this is really something he needs to figure out himself . 
  giving insulin to a diabetic who has n't eaten in days would be a good way to kill him . 
  i take 2 , one in the morning with breakfast and one in the evening with dinner . 
  i was so excited about that demo , but downloaded it when it still had that `` only 1 use '' thing so i 've never played it and never got the game either . 
  they fixed it , but not retroactively : /, 
  yeah, 
  but i 'm an esl and in my language we do call it that . 
  ** fire emblem fates/if **, 
  i have n't played fates yet , despite owning the special edition . 
  i burned myself out this winter playing lots of fe and topping that up with devil survivor , and i guess i was also hoping they 'd manage to patch the amie back in if i waited . 
  anyway , i want to play it now but i 'm undecided which version gives the best experience :, 
  * jp version + fan translation + reading the missing supports online, 
  * jp version with the noa localization inserted, 
  * localised version with content restoration patch including fan translation, 
  * localised version , undub only, 
  i 've actually played up to the first chapter of nohr of the fan-translation , before i realised most of the supports are not in the game itself and i read about a bug that does n't let you get past chapter 14 of ik . 
  maybe i should play the fan-translation one route , the localization ( in whichever form ) for the other route and ik ? 
  the main thing i want is original names and unchanged supports ( but none of the versions have this last one ) . 
  amie is cute ( i had to pat felicia twice so far , that was adorable ) , and i 'd miss it too i guess .
