  * ~ ~ shantae and the pirate 's curse ~ ~, 
  * freedom planet, 
  * ~ ~ darksiders ii ~ ~, 
  * swords & soldiers ii, 
  pick one and i 'll send you a code . 
  accidentally posted this in another thread first , sorry !, 
  borrow and put 3 euros into your bank account ? 
  someone sent a pm 5 minutes before you commented :(, 
  yes . 
  tomorrow morning though !, 
  sent, 
  ~ ~ sure ! ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ here : ~ ~, 
  i just realised i did n't send it in a pm . 
  did you manage to get the code in time ? 
  she was ordered to take off a sweater-like thing , not strip naked or change into a bikini . 
  she continued to wear a wetsuit afterwards . 
  and it was n't at gunpoint , because * french police do n't carry guns * . 
  they look fine , imho . 
  agree with the other person , unless you want to swap carts a lot , it 's a game meant to be played digitally . 
  yes . 
  call them . 
  you can try calling nintendo . 
  i imagine they 'll recommend something like formatting the system . 
  you could also try a different sd card . 
  it 's a bit outside the scope of the sub , but if nintendo ca n't help you and you have a cfw compatible device ( not up to date ) , the people at / r/3dshacks might . 
  they understand the 3ds file system and inner workings the best . 
  there is a firmware.bin in aurora wright 's faq , copy that into the luma folder . 
  i 've gotten that question too . 
  i put the phone on mute until i could stop laughing . 
  and this is why you should also hack your 3ds this time around and install the homebrew save manager . 
  it saves you so much worry . 
  a9hl or emunand ? 
  if it 's emunand , you need to clone the sd card :, 
  but he wo n't really have space for any games on it , so it might be best if he buys a new sd card first . 
  no , that does n't work . 
  what you can do is this : back up your saves from one sd card with homebrew , copy the files normally from the second sd card , and then simply re-download any games you 're missing and restore the saves . 
  for homebrew , the instructions to get started are here : http://smealum.github.io/3ds/, 
  any issues you may have , you can always ask on / r/3dshacks . 
  even if the place seems intimidating , they have a general questions thread up just like this one . 
  homebrew does n't affect your eshop access , and it ca n't brick your 3ds . 
  nintendo might disable it with updates , just keep an eye on the firmware update threads on this sub before allowing it to update . 
  installing it is really easy too : http://smealum.github.io/3ds/, 
  what 's somewhat dangerous is installing a custom firmware . 
  a cfw has several amazing advantages , but requires you to be on an older firmware ( any version older that the current one , iirc ) or have a second a 3ds that already hacked . 
  the process for installing it has gotten pretty quick and safe lately , but hacking the device to this degree will probably never be completely without risk . 
  i wonder why they could n't just license the fan-translation . 
  yeah , copying it should be fine . 
  you did n't say `` there are no profits '' , you said `` the profit margin would be smaller '' . 
  it would be non-zero , larger than if they invested the resources into translating it themselves , and it would be a nice gesture . 
  would it ? 
  idk , i 'd personally rather buy it than go through the trouble of setting up an emulator and dealing with the low framerate ( or playing it on pc ) . 
  i 'm not sure if links to gbatemp are allowed , since that site hosts emulators . 
  you need a savefile manager , like jk 's savemanager . 
  google that , download the .3 dsx file and put it in the / 3ds / folder . 
  when you launch the app , you have options to import or export a savefile/extdata . 
  select export , navigate to your game , save the savefile and try saving the extdata too ( some games have it , some do n't , no harm in trying ) . 
  note that you ca n't save savefiles from dsi games , and i 'm not sure about virtual console . 
  note that the game must be currently installed to do this . 
  anyway , do this for one sd card . 
  copy nintendo 3ds folder from the other sd card onto the bigger card , and also copy the 3ds and jksm folders from the original card ( the one that has the savefiles ) . 
  then launch homebrew and jksm from the 32gb card , import the savefiles , and you 're done . 
  you have to give the savefile a name . 
  this helps if you have multiple savefiles , so you know which is which . 
  you confirm the name then it saves it . 
  after the savefile is created , you can go into the import menu and see if it 's there . 
  i do n't have a vita , but consider this . 
  the vita iirc has a lot of jrpgs and visual novels , and some ( a few ) more mainstream games . 
  the 3ds has jrpgs , some kiddy stuff like the lego games , and nintendo titles . 
  what do you play ? 
  so if you like the jrpgs on the vita and want * more * , the 3ds has an amazing collection of games : etrian odyssey , rune factory 4 , fire emblem , shin megami tensei , dragon quest , bravely default . 
  there is almost no title overlap with the vita . 
  if you want more casual games like mario kart and smash , or even things like portable terraria , to play next to the story-heavy vita games , go for it . 
  but if you want other genres , you might be disappointed . 
  it 's not possible with simple homebrew either , you 'd need to hack your console to enable piracy . 
  it does n't come from ishtar , but it does come from the goddess [ \u0112ostre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0112ostre ) . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i 'm happy it worked , 
  un neamt in mallorca , say it ai n't so . 
  how does reading the warning help you ? 
  there are a whole lot of ways to lose your saves , not just this . 
  the easiest way would be a way to upload the backups of your games to your nnid account . 
  yes , t2s feel the same way too . 
  i hate it if people imply it was my fault . 
  i need to work for 20 hours to afford a full price new game , and i have a decent salary . 
  so shove that `` exactly this '' , because that is true for most of the world that is not america . 
  we get the same game prices as western europe , which means they 're more expensive than us games even in absolute terms . 
  we have no release date and no guarantee it will be backwards compatible , so i 'd say go for it . 
  have you tried booting without an sd card ? 
  the n3ds can emulate gba pretty well . 
  i 'm not sure how the speed on gba emulation is on it though , but for the best results you 'd probably need a 3ds that 's not on the latest firmware and hack it . 
  i 'm from romania and i 've used 365games . co.uk a lot because of their inexpensive shipping across the eu . 
  they 're been very reliable and shipped quickly . 
  yes . 
  but you wo n't be able to use a us eshop and play us retail games without homebrew . 
  if you ca n't find anything in cluj , you could also try finding something in timisoara or maybe or one of the smaller places like sibiu . 
  assuming your 3ds is up to date , hacking it would n't help you either . 
  you 'll have to bite the bullet and call nintendo . 
  since it 's been less than a month , maybe they 'll repair it for free anyway . 
  i think they 're available on amazon too ?
