  the best localization i 've ever played is the fan-translation of danganronpa . 
  it really was a labour of love for a project that ( at the time ) seemed like it would never come west . 
  they did n't do a literal translation , and they also translated all signs and art assets where it made sense . 
  they replaced references with things that would be understandable in the west , while preserving the ` feel ' of the original to a fault . 
  that is what localization should be . 
   until the last few years, 
  are you new to the internet, 
  i have n't played it , but the prevailing opinion seems to be this . 
  ( i do n't have a vita , but i 'll get the pc version when it comes out . ), 
  have you even read the thread . 
  or looked at the character roster . 
  you should look up the scenes on youtube if you think * any * of them are like that . 
  you are n't ` petting ' them , you 're poking them . 
  there , less weird ? 
  he does n't do it so she 's more comfortable around the guys , she already was fine with that , he did it because she was a wreck around other girls and kept fainting , including on the battlefield . 
  and she never was a lesbian - * all * her romantic supports are male . 
  which might be because of the fainting , come to think of it . 
  keep in mind that you 'll only ever get one of them per playthrough , the scene for whichever character you marry . 
  and ... how does this apply to this feature being removed ? 
  i was personally looking forward to poking leon and him acting all embarassed and cute . 
  nevermind . 
  the comment was nested and i thought - well , nevermind . 
  i 'm not sure how crossposting reddit posts works , so i hope this is okay . 
  fair enough , thank you . 
  although i disagree on it being a rumour , i understand why you removed it . 
  i 'd have posted it if i did . 
  okay , i 'm out of here , since i do n't want it to seem like i 'm arguing the decision . 
  two thoughts on this - it 's nice to see fresh names in the industry , and i 'm glad toei is saving money on seyuu . 
  i hope this means they 'll save less money on the actual animation . 
  assuming an m rating would n't raise profits , just for being eye-catching . 
  i 'm not buying it anymore either . 
  not unless it turns out this does n't apply to the eu version . 
  i 'm having trouble getting homebrew on my freshly downgraded 3ds , so i might just crack and spend the money put aside for the se on a gateway . 
  as a bonus , no xander , leo and niles . 
  yes . 
  conquest is also significantly more difficult , from what i 've heard . 
  i remember someone saying that conquest hard was harder than birthright lunatic . 
  the recent controversy completely killed my hype . 
  the frankly terrible name changes were bad enough ( xander , corrin , niles , so on ) , but now they also cut that minigame i was looking forward to . 
  this is not a nintendo i want to support . 
   because i want to play the game , ca n't read japanese, 
  there 's a fantranslation out . 
  the most just thing to do would be to buy a japanese copy and pirate the game , but hopefully they 'll release a hack with hans that restores the functionality that was censored once the game is out . 
  oh come on , the mini game is n't even particularly sexual . 
  the most you 'll get is some ' i want to kiss you ' tier lines from the one character you choose to marry . 
  it 's not quite correct to say that they moan . 
  they say things like `` mouu '' or `` hazukashii '' which a lot of people who do n't know japanese and wanted to think the worst of it interpreted as moans , when they 're not . 
  some of the married scenes imply more , like zero 's , but most do n't . 
  even camilla 's is clean . 
  yeah , those sound worse in english than they did in japanese . 
  except for zero 's , which was worse in japanese . 
  generally speaking , the scenes for the male characters imply more , although zero was on a different level . 
  take `` you 're so warm '' , she 's most likely talking about a hug . 
  not kamui 's dick . 
  elise 's whole romantic charm is that she plays up the desire to protect her . 
  she also appeals to exactly that otaku fanbase most obsessed with purity , so her scene is * by design * not meant to imply sex as much . 
  i 'll check camilla 's when i get back from work in half a day . 
  from the link :, 
  camilla : when you do it this much , it 's embarassing ... 
  camilla : the way you 're using your hand feels sooo good . 
  very skillful . 
  what she actually says , while blushing shyly :, 
  * you 're so cute . 
  i 'll always be there for you , when you 're lonely - i 'll protect you . 
  and i 'll kill anyone who gets in my way . 
  * you keep calling me here , you naughty child . 
  but if it 's you , you 're always welcome to . 
  the `` calling me here '' bit refers to how you 'll have done the petting minigame a lot to get here . 
  and you 're naughty because you keep poking her face . 
  * but this is not enough . 
  next time , let 's do something eeeven better . 
  * close you eyes ? 
  * good boy . 
  ( kiss pose ), 
  the `` even better '' thing is the kiss that follows . 
  * the face of my darling brother , the face of my beloved husband ... 
  i love everything about you . 
  * i 'm happy you spend so much time with me . 
  you are so dear to me . 
  no matter what happens , i 'll always be your ally . 
  she literally says `` thanks for playing around with me so much . '', 
  this translation is disingenuous though , because japanese uses the `` play around '' the same way we use `` screw around '' , except it does n't sound crass at all . 
  * ( voice turning slightly desperate - this is being interpreted as moaning ), 
  * i love you . 
  i do n't know what i 'd do without you . 
  if you were to leave ( me ) ... 
  i 'd kill you . 
  and then myself . '', 
  so yes . 
  pretty creepy . 
  * not * because of any sexual content , although some of the lines can be taken with a slight double meaning . 
  also , nothing about hands . 
  camilla 's romantic charm is the mature , older sister * type * . 
  the one who is sexy as fuck , but devoted , reliable and will protect you . 
  contrast with elise , who is meant to be protected . 
  they just went about it a little too literally ... but they 're a royal family . 
  and it 's fake incest anyway . 
  edit : marx 's skinship has him asking you to spend the night , but he says ... nothing in the translation in the link . 
  nothing about eyes , or about armour being a hindrance or anything of the sort . 
  he even says `` even if we 're not related by blood , we are family ... we have always been , and we always will be . '',
