  ... i 'll just show myself out . 
  acnl is more relaxing , sos is more tense and - well - exciting . 
  they 're very different in this regard . 
  of the 3ds harvest moons , sos  anb  atott  lost valley, 
  this seems to be the consensus . 
  compared to ac , sos is more focused on work - you ca n't choose not to farm on a given day , because your crops will die , so it can get quite tense and grindy . 
  acnl is more relaxing . 
  rune factory 4 ( subtitled ' a fantasy harvest moon ' ) is way more relaxed , so closer to ac in feel , despite the jrpg stuff . 
  physical - bravely default . 
  i honestly did n't like this game . 
  it was pretty and sounded great , but getting through the overworld map was so dull and you were underleveled if you set the encounter rate to low . 
  random battles were just autobattles , except for the handful of enemies you had to fight manually , after which you 'd input all 16 commands * again * for the auto . 
  and there really was n't enough story to justify it . 
  the boss battles were fine , the autobattle issue was during random encounters . 
  because even random encounters needed you to use the brave system to get anywhere , it meant inputting 16 commands every few battles which was a hassle . 
  the job levelling was also slow for my tastes . 
  i enjoyed the pacing of the demo much better , i played it for 13 hours and it 's one of my favorite `` short games '' on the 3ds . 
  maybe it 's not accurate to lay on the story , since i never got very far , and the story is n't decisive for me anyhow ( i 'm 75 hours into story of seasons haha ) . 
  but after 24 hours of bd , i found the characters very dull , the conversations cringy and i did n't care about anything that was happening . 
  that clockwork town was way more exciting before they tried to tell a story in it . 
  maybe my expectations were just too high . 
  the uk has all games australia has , but i 'm not sure if vice-versa applies , and australia is even more expensive . 
  but there 's no one eshop in europe either . 
  smaller countries might be missing games , and i know germany does n't have everything the uk or france does because of their different rating system . 
  you can buy armor recipes from the cook ( armor bread , yes ) . 
  but stats like defence and resistances level up all the time , from sleeping , walking , using spells . 
  eating also increases all sorts of stats by a huge amount . 
  you can level up your weapons and gear by fusing stuff like iron or fur or vegetables onto it . 
  for most of the game , before the third arc dungeon , focusing on offense will get you farther faster than defence . 
  i do n't know , but mine has been the same way for the past two years . 
  i have n't , i got too frustrated . 
  and at one point i heard the final battle uses your camera for some gimmick , so i ca n't ever finish it because the camera crashes my 3ds . 
  i usually like rpgs , this seemed more like an exception for how little i got into it . 
  i had mistel at blue flower from butterflies and winning events alone , since i 've just barely unlocked the penne he likes . 
  raeger is at yellow from events and seaweed - i wonder if it 's much harder to get higher . 
  and i wonder when nadi turns up . 
  i 'm in the middle of spring year 2 but no nadi yet, 
  i knew avoiding her would bite me in the ass sometime . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  you just listed 90 % of the 3dss library . 
   due to copyright restrictions , the kindle title you 're trying to purchase is not available in your country : romania . 
  welp . 
  yil that i actually have to visit elise from time to time to get nadi . 
  i 'm mostly set on marrying raeger though , he is adorable . 
  i 'm just before the fashion contest of spring year 2 , but i have n't found any yellow patterns for clothes , and a lot of the clothes i do have patterns for need + items . 
  getting to the safari with the animals is so difficult - it 's usually late afternoon by the time i finish watering all the fields and get to town . 
  i may have too many fields . 
  i read atelier and got excited ... 
  the first time i won a conquest , it was with ridiculous amounts of baked sweet potato . 
  i love this crop . 
  chili peppers unlock early and sell for like 500-800 apiece . 
  it 's a really good early cash crop . 
  like helping them release games in europe . 
  as someone from europe , i strongly disagree . 
  that is honestly not a bad place to hide porn . 
  the se was available for * minutes * wherever it came online . 
  it 's even worse than it was in the us . 
  i was watching amazon.de , and missed it because it was only up for a few minutes on the 24th . 
  thematic depth : devil survivor overclocked . 
  it 's a story that examines religion through multiple lenses - it 's a supernatural world where god exists , where gods and demons exist , and the characters all have different attitudes to it . 
  there is a link to the poll in the image . 
  the survey does n't seem to work for me ? 
  i ca n't select anything for the first two and the last question . 
  i think they 're missing a text box . 
  it 's probably my browser . 
  i 'm an odd duck who still uses opera and google 's new forms do n't work with it . 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db_pvpyn6n8 ), 
  the controls are fantastic . 
  amazon uk has n't been stocked at all yet ... 
  they fixed that for the european version of awakening . 
  your sd card is encrypted to only work on one device , unless you do a system transfer or make a backup of the savefiles with homebrew . 
  no for the first . 
  were n't they saying that they were prioritising their western fans ? 
  europe is n't even getting physical copies , nevermind this nice booklet :(, 
  yes . 
  however , you ca n't use the sd card in the old device anymore . 
  300 for about 7 $ a month iirc in romania, 
  my provider randomly upgraded my internet speed at no cost last month . 
  attack of the friday monsters , weapon shop de omasse, 
  if you 're from europe , shin megami tensei 4 and rune factory 4 . 
  when i was looking for support , they sent me to amazon and amazon sent me back to nintendo , with no resolution . 
  they 're obligated to provide warranty within the eea , but that 's about as far as they 're willing to go . 
  story of seasons is generally considered to be better than anb , and rune factory 4 as better than both . 
  to keep in mind . 
  i do n't remember vlr looking this much worse on the 3ds . 
  they sent me to amazon because i ordered mine from the uk , not because we have one hahah, 
  but since it 's an nnid issue , i do n't see how your local distributor could help ? 
  you probably have no choice other than calling nintendo again . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm getting close to 100 hours in it and i 'm still not sure i like it . 
  it 's certainly addicting though . 
  yes . 
  but play 999 first . 
  my phone also fell into a ( flushed ) toilet recently , although it was only there for a few seconds - i pretty much took it apart and wiped everything with a paper towel . 
  the battery has been a little weird since , but otherwise it works perfectly . 
  i 'm still surprised i got away with that . 
  t-they might drop the idols and make it an actual thematic crossover this time ? 
  maybe ? 
  seconding kingdom hearts days .
