  varric and merril help him . 
  ( this is also the best dragon age fanfic i 've ever read . ), 
  just in case you 're not convinced , the story tags are :, 
  merrill/elven history , solas/no one being impressed , freedom/responsibility ( rivalmance ) , the fade , elves , kirkwall, 
  my personal theory is that it started as a word for `` mortal '' . 
  [ health consequences of poverty for children ] ( http://www.endchildpoverty.org.uk/files/health_consequences_of_poverty_for_children.pdf ), 
   self-harming behaviour is remarkably common even among children aged 5 -- 10 years : 1.3 per cent are reported to have attempted to harm , hurt or kill themselves .75 a social gradient is reported among 5 -- 10-year-olds with 2.6 per cent of social class v children harming themselves compared with 0.9 per cent of social class i children . 
  the social gradient is less marked among young people aged 10 -- 15 years . 
  then do n't . 
  europe has individual eshops for every country . 
  in countries it does n't have in eshop in , it says that that feature is not available in that region . 
  europe also has individual rating systems in each country . 
  this does n't prevent me from going to a uk website to import a game . 
  what people against region locking want is to have this extended worldwide . 
   if you do n't like region locking go buy a vita, 
  that 's stupid . 
  i do n't have a 3ds because the system is great , i have one because i enjoy its exclusive games . 
  it 's not nintendo 's problem if ~ ~ customer 's ~ ~ customers illegally import banned games . 
  at the same time , over here in europe one of the justifications for delaying games is that they have to be translated to various languages because market . 
  ( then the games end up releasing only in english , heh . ), 
  the 's about a dozen free simple recolors , and there 's a free monster hunter one up now ( i hope it still is ) . 
  there was also a free halloween theme distributed last year in the eu region . 
  i have n't bought a theme yet either though . 
  they have n't released one i 'd be willing to pay for yet . 
  only a handful of countries in europe have an eshop :( and we ca n't set our eshop to canada either , we have to pick the uk if we want it in english . 
   normally i carry it around in a sling bag ( which also has my tablet / netbook , ereader , etc. ), 
  i 'd be way too paranoid to do that . 
   and then there are the evil hungarians , who are always trying to take any centimeter they can away from us in transylvania . 
  dude , i do n't know what you 're smoking , but you 're way into paranoia territory now . 
  the seven year rule did n't apply to females at all , just hebrew males . 
   jesus said that slave owners should ( ... ) ( only ) beat them to death when it was absolutely necessary, 
  i 'm so glad i 'm not christian anymore . 
  that 's inhuman . 
  they did n't need to bend it , they just had to read the bible and assume it the literal word of god . 
  there is at least one shard in the exalted plains you can only get if you try to platform with your horse =_=, 
   how lost i would feel trying to navigate it and how the map was basically useless, 
  that 's why . 
  i 'm the same as you - the only reason i was angry at anders was because he did n't tell me what he was doing , so we could have blown the church up together . 
  what was happening to the mages in kirkwall was inexcusable and my mage hawke , forced to hide his entire life , did not have another perspective . 
  as far as he was concerned , the whole templar order and the church of andraste were evil and corrupt , and something * had * to happen . 
  something drastic . 
  also , i 'm not sure how many people could have been in that church . 
  it was night , regular churches are usually empty at night . 
  it could have been providing shelter to regular folk , but we 've never seen a sign of that during the game - we did see its indifference plenty though . 
  you have to considers anders ' experiences with the circle , both in and before kirkwall . 
  he saw what we know was the worst of it , yet could n't have known that what was happening there * was * the worst . 
  if the situation in kirkwall was the status quo everywhere , would n't his actions have been justified ? 
  i think they would have been . 
  it also led to the formation of the mage college . 
  and who knows what sort of compromise the conclave would have ~ ~ led it ~ ~ resulted in , if it went through . 
   it 's important to remember that the kirkwall circle is not an example of all circles in thedas . 
  kirkwall is basically demon central . 
  we know this from various meta . 
  hawke did n't know this , and chances are anders did n't either . 
  playing them , it 's not illogical to assume that the situation you are witnessing ca n't be the absolute * worst * , and , if it is n't , ca n't be uncommon . 
  in da : i i was playing an elf mage and ended up picking cassandra as the spoiler , so i definitely changed my mind , but during daii i wanted to blow up that church way before anders actually went through with it . 
   and was put in solitary confinement for a year . 
  that 's not a slap on the wrist . 
  solitary confinement is considered * [ torture ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2009/03/30/hellhole ) * . 
  to be fair , the bus seems pretty empty . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  yes , what i meant was that she 's not preventing anyone from sitting down . 
  although having her legs up is still pretty shitty of her . 
  these games are n't exactly gory ... and the us has way stricter laws when it comes to fanservice . 
  now we just need a date for story of seasons and i 'll be happy again . 
  it depends on the game . 
  story of seasons does n't have a release date yet , and etrian mystery dungeon and devil survivor 2 br will be out in autumn or winter . 
  there 's a world of difference between expensive = 20 % of your monthly wage , and expensive = 1 day 's pay . 
  games are also more expensive in poorer countries because the market is smaller because games are too expensive . 
  $ 2 per person per day for food sounds about right where i live in eastern europe . 
  skip the sauce . 
  if you have water , tomatoes , ground meat and spices you can improvise that . 
  the total cost will be greater than $ 2 , but you wo n't be using all ingredients , and if you are you 'll be eating it every day for like a week . 
  home cooked . 
  a meal at mcdonald 's or pizza once in a while is considered a luxury here . 
  but , we have corner stores everywhere , accessible farmer 's markets and supermarkets close-by . 
  it 's not like the us where you have to drive half an hour to find a store to stock up on frozen fries , so you wo n't have to go there for another month . 
  rf4 is also an action rpg, 
  rune factory used to be subtitled `` a fantasy harvest moon '' , if that helps . 
  neither of those are dating sims though - they 're both visual novels . 
  a dating sim is basically the social link system from persona 3 and 4 , or the marriage system from rune factory and harvest moon , or even the romance system in dragon age . 
  you have several characters you can date and to do that you have to do various things , like raising your own stats by studying or exercising , giving them gifts , giving them the right answers . 
  tokimeki memorial is actually a really fun game , i 've played the fan-translation of the girl 's side for the ds and it was an interesting experience . 
   and some opportunistic pagans have opened city council meetings with invocations like the following : `` powers of air !, 
  we invoke and call you/golden eagle of the dawn , star-seeker , whirlwind . '', 
  oh my god , this is amazing . 
  i wish there was a recording of this . 
  edit : nevermind , * [ it exists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjkwpk8hukq&amp;feature=youtu.be ) * . 
  regarding question number two , i grew up in a catholic household and regularly attended church with my grandmother . 
  i was also there every saturday , because i enjoyed the community and atmosphere - i met some really nice , really encouraging people and did fun activities like drawing or singing . 
  the way we were taught religion , we were allowed to ask any questions ( even the difficult ones ) and they 'd have answers that would satisfy me at 8 to 12 years old . 
  but there was a huge crack in all this - i 've always been sexually aware as a kid , and even active to a degree ( not much , along the lines of playing doctor ) . 
  i 'd read the catechism front to back several times , and in the back there was a quick index of sins to help you prepare for confession . 
  it was divided by age groups but i read it anyway - and guess which sins were listed . 
  i was way too ashamed to confess that i liked touching myself in dirty places , so i went through my first and all my subsequent confessions lying , which as per dogma annuls the confession , and taking the eucharist without having confessed is one of the highest sins afaik . 
  so i was terrified , convinced that i 'd end up being tortured for all eternity . 
  something had to give . 
  in a way , the church shot itself in the foot in my case and i ran away to different beliefs . 
  even more doubts formed when i actually read the bible at 14-ish ( as opposed to illustrated and children 's bibles ) .
