  smtxfe is n't . 
  bravely default would have sold poorly on the wii u as well , or fire emblem awakening , or shin megami tensei iv - individually . 
  try rune factory 4 . 
  vegetables are almost always bitter , and the bitter taste never leaves . 
  it 's like coffee . 
  no matter how much sugar and cream you pile into a cup of coffee , it 's still bitter - otherwise it would n't be coffee . 
  yes , with age . 
  they 're indistinguishable from regular romanians once they 've done that . 
  they can even excuse their skin color by saying they 're from the south of the country ( although , most of them do n't have any particularly different skin shade than everyone else ) . 
  remember when the first and second places in the german charts were occupied by two versions of dragostea din tei ? 
  i mostly watched german tv too back then . 
  the vegetables in my gut tell the taste receptors in my mouth certain foods taste awful ? 
  i understand starting to crave the bitter taste because you get used to it , but not feeling it at all ? 
  it 's a nintendo game , so probably never . 
  that would effectively make all post-menopausal women ` not women ' . 
  it would not be a useful definition . 
   if you can imagine an intersex person presenting with varying/conflicting gender expressions , what gender identity would you assign to this person ? 
  not that guy , but this one is easy : intersex, 
  somehow everyone keeps falling back on gender being a binary , when it makes much more sense to see it as a continuum where the vast majority of people fall on either end , and the terms `` male '' and `` female '' only make sense on those ends . 
  i know i 'm i 'm not saying anything new , but i keep seeing this in discussions revolving around the trans community : the rigid adherence to classical genders . 
  you 're confusing cravings with taste . 
  i do n't particularly like sweets - they 're just too intense most of the time - but i can still * crave * them from time to time . 
  i can crave a salad and still feel like spitting half of it out . 
  we might just have different tongues : http://www.livescience.com/17190-supertaster-nontaster-tongue-evolution.html, 
  that marginalizes people who for whatever reason are born infertile , or become infertile before puberty . 
  if a little girl gets ovarian cancer and has her ovaries removed before her first period , does she stop being a girl ? 
  the outliers are mostly unpleasant cases that you most emphatically do not want to exclude from the definition , that 's why people do n't use it . 
  i do n't know about ant simulators , but that 's what my terraria houses look like . 
  it 's not . 
  i do n't really understand why though , since it 's a valid biological gender that ought to have its psychological counterpart . 
  do all intersex people really feel specifically male or female ? 
  ooh , nice . 
  i really liked the first one . 
  homebrew that wo n't be patched out , yo, 
  rune factory 3 ? 
  fantasy life maybe . 
  you can charge just the difference of 9 cents into your account if you try to buy it . 
  the upper threshold , you mean ? 
  i 've never noticed one . 
  definetly more than 15 $ on the eu side . 
  very nice , but fathers only pay child support once the actual human is born . 
  they do n't pay it for a foetus . 
  before the child is born , there is no leval obligation to sever . 
  i 'm by no means a go player , but that move seemed to be the whole reason black had a gigantic territory in the middle in endgame that white could n't even touch . 
  no shit . 
  10 kile in cat timp ? 
  the us cover looks so odd . 
  i thought it was someone playing a guitar for the longest time . 
  personally , i sort of prefer rf4 's graphics to sos . 
  maybe because it 's more colourful . 
  hakuouki is one of the best otome games out there . 
  its story really is something special . 
  but i 'm biased since i like pretty anime boys . 
  the vn has a lot of depth compared to the anime , which was more concerned with showcasing the boys . 
  i heard diabolik lovers has a pretty good ( and twisted ) vn with a tight plot . 
  vampire knight is n't that bad either , the anime had some very nice direction by the woman who co-directed princess tutu - it 's not at all like twilight , even if the premise is similar . 
  well , amnesia is out on steam . 
  i half-kept an eye on it since the anime was famously so terrible , but i never got around to playing it, 
  i ca n't seem to fill out the survey past the first question . 
  there 's nowhere to write and nothing to select . 
  i 'm forced to wait for the amazon preorder . 
  it will be sold out in like 5 seconds . 
  ni no kuni was also almost 400 mb , although i guess it would n't count as popular since it was never localised . 
  it came out in japan , and there was some discussion about it , but it feels like it 's been forgotten . 
  i 'd really love to play this game on my 3ds . 
  beyond the labyrinth even has a fan-translation already . 
  that definitely shows interest . 
  you can port it on pc , just keep the double window format like the emulator does . 
  go play them . 
  there is no reason to wait for this to come out instead of playing 999 and vlr . 
  if there 's anyone who does n't own it yet , get it . 
  it 's a rhythm game with over 200 songs in it from across the final fantasy games , so they 're all uniquely good . 
  except some of the generic battle themes i guess , but there are n't many of those . 
  rune factory 4, 
  sos is better at various customisation , and that 's about it . 
  i 'm about 35 hours into it , and so far :, 
  * sos 's farming is more developed , but rune factory 's farming system is more * fun * . 
  possibly also because you spend way less time on it , since the game has many different focuses . 
  but i liked making giant vegetables and buying produce if i ran out of something . 
  * events : so far in sos i 've only seen 4 bachelor events , and two of them because i looked up how to get them . 
  i have n't seen events for anyone else , i do n't even know if they exist . 
  the npss also have like ... 3 lines each , that they cycle every day . 
  rune factory has a lot more characterisation for everyone involved . 
  * being a fantasy harvest moon , rune factory is also a jrpg , and it 's more colourful overall . 
  since it has way more stuff to choose to do , you can also choose to not do anything , so it 's very relaxed like that , whereas sos is highly grindy . 
  both japan and europe gives higher ratings for violence , as it should be . 
  how the hell did hand tumor squidward get approved ? 
  huh . 
  i was always wondering what rubbed me wrong about soul hackers . 
  i 've never been able to finish it . 
  i just thought the xiv got tacked on . 
  `` democratic-meritocratic-principatorial '', 
  asta-i un fel de `` marry/fuck/kill '' ? 
  abel is on it , but not bunny . 
  i wonder how that happened . 
  i had large map - last area as my ringtone for years . 
  we need a proper smt rhythm game alomg the lines of theathrrythm final fantasy . 
  i liked souji while i was playing the game , but at one point the meta around him turned him into swagster mcmemester who actually does the stupid things like eat science experiments from the fridge and date everyone at once , while * also * being a too cool gary stu type . 
  it 's fine as a game , when you 're the one making the zany decisions for him , but i just ca n't take him seriously as a character anymore . 
  i have n't played anb - sos is n't a bad game .
