  it 's not seen as `` normal '' in japan either , it 's just common . 
   nintendo does n't think sexual exploitation of young women appeals to western audiences, 
  that 's what idol culture * is * . 
  they 're essentially censoring realism and social commentary out of the game . 
  the psp version allows you to autobattle , and you can autobattle pretty much every fight except for that one random encounter . 
  hah , that 's exactly what i 'm expecting of p5 . 
  i 'm personally only vaguely interested in xenoblade and bayonetta - i 'd play them if i had a wii u , but would n't buy one for them . 
  \\ #fe would have worked as an argument ( the only argument so far ) to get a wii u , if they did n't screw with the localisation . 
  til , thanks . 
  i only played the psp version of is . 
  despite all my protests regarding censorship , i have a copy of the se preordered as well . 
  i 'm just worried that they might take this as an argument in favor of censorship . 
  i 'm sorry , i was n't aware noa made * a different game * using the original as a source to adapt from . 
  it was * marketed * as the same game . 
  i 'm also sorry for my preference for preserving the intents and mechanics of the original game from the original writing team over what treehouse thinks is appropriate for our delicate sensibilities . 
  i was not talking about the literal translation , that would be ridiculous . 
  however ,, 
   most of us play video games to be entertained , not to be exposed to another culture 's jokes , dialog , or scenarios , which might be difficult to understand or relate to , given our own cultural perspective . 
  it must be terrible that japan is the only country in the world making video games and everyone * must * play japanese video games . 
  you know * , i also wonder if you watch foreign movies dubbed . 
  source on hitler being an atheist ? 
  does this distinction exist in hebrew ? 
  it does n't in romanian or german . 
  was n't he looking for all sorts of magical artifacts though ? 
  and not thinking very highly of christianity does n't make him an atheist . 
  there is a world of belief between full-blown christianity and utter nonbelief . 
  considering what times he grew up in , i find it hard to believe he would n't have believed in god at least to some degree . 
  in the sense that many of us are taught from a young age that men are unreliable pigs who care only about sex and would abandon their family at the slightest provocation , and who do n't care about the emotional side of things . 
  i remember my friends in college being hugely surprised how heartbroken men can get after a breakup . 
  you should understand why this is wrong and biased , because while this applies to * some * men , it does n't apply to all of them . 
  countries have rich areas and poor areas . 
  that 's normal . 
  i think you would be surprised . 
  piracy has been available on the 3ds for a long time now , via flashcarts . 
   without chipping in to the party fund, 
  that 's even worse , because you paid for your system and your games . 
  it 's like : some guests who chipped into the party funds also bring extra snacks , and the host gets angry at them because they 're in his house not eating the things they paid for with the party funds . 
  so the guests pick his bedroom lock and hide there while they eat their extra snacks and find a way to * also * drink the beer from downstairs . 
   the world ends with you, 
  it 's an action rpg ( so nothing turn-based ) with few characters and a strong story focus . 
  it should work . 
  i play my 3ds in bed or on a couch . 
  i can change positions as much as i like , from one side to the other , i can just close it when i want it to stop playing , and i can take it with me to the bathroom . 
  the ps4 has - better graphics ? 
  if you want a ps4 , i 'd say wait a little since there 's been talk that they 'll release an enhanced version . 
  the humble bundle says `` more games coming soon ! '', 
  - do i also get the `` more games '' if i pay $ 13 now ? 
   but you did n't pay for the games you got via homebrew ,, 
  all of them are free . 
  are you talking about piracy ? 
  the only two pirated games i personally have installed ( although i have n't actually played them , and at this rate might never ) are a fan-translation of a jp only game , and the fan-translation of fates - and i 've preordered the se of that . 
  in the analogy , it seems like the host thinks the bedroom party stole snacks from the living room because he has n't realised they brought their own snacks . 
  if the owner did n't throw a fit and ban all snacks that were n't on the party shopping list , even though not all of the ones the other guys wanted had peanuts , they did n't have to hide . 
  `` they should throw their own party ! '', 
  - it 's not really a `` party '' like someone 'd birthday party . 
  they bought really expensive tickets to have the time of their lives at this party . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's because it 's illegal to shoot up heroin , not because it 's something you should n't do in a cinema . 
  homebrew is legal . 
  piracy is not , but you 're throwing the baby out with the bathwater if you ban it because it enables piracy ( along with a host of other useful things ) . 
  besides , there are non-homebrew means to enable piracy , and not all homebrew allows it - you specifically need a cfw . 
  a lot of us only installed a cfw ( at risk of bricking the console ) because they kept patching out the harmless , non-piracy enabling homebrew . 
  was n't there a court case that ruled that modifying the software on a device you own was legal , regardless of the terms of use ? 
  in the us , i mean , my own country certainly does n't have any laws on this subject , and i doubt the tos are accepted as legally binding `` contracts '' in the eu . 
  you also missed the whole point i was making that they kept patching out homebrew back when homebrew did * not * enable piracy , effectively pushing everyone who wanted it into installing the kind that did allow piracy . 
  which existed , but was vastly less popular because it was risky and had marginal gains compared to regular homebrew . 
  imagine if everyone went the homebrew route , and homebrew did not allow piracy as it originally was designed to . 
  the analogies break down here . 
  we still pay hundreds of dollars for the console and games , way more than any movie ticket and popcorn would cost . 
  the theatre is not something we buy or rent of our own individual entertainment . 
  we want certain things on a console , including being allowed region free games and modding our games that we did pay for . 
  it 's more akin to buying a home cinema , but then you find out it only plays * some * movies , you ca n't play your christmas videos on it or that movie your friend shot , so you decide to hack it so it can do those things . 
  there is nothing wrong with this . 
  yep , standalone . 
  and nope . 
  i guess the characters do appear in kingdom hearts dream drop distance , but that has nothing to do with twewy 's story . 
  homebrew is not free either , at the moment . 
  if you missed the train , the current entry points are two commercial games . 
  if you 're on that version and not updating , you might as well install full piracy enabling cfw just so you can be a paying customer on the eshop again and ensure you do n't lose access to homebrew . 
  what ? 
  this is only true for < 9.5 . 
  enabling piracy on anything higher carried the risk of bricking your expensive console , so people did not do this until nintendo forced them to choose between doing this and losing access to either homebrew or eshop . 
  i know , i was talking about back when downgrading was still free . 
  i was using past tense . 
  a bit of a silly question regarding the humble bundle and nintendo coins - i do n't have a wii u. 
  if i just redeem the codes online , will i get coins ? 
  i have n't really used the new nintendo thingy , are the coins worth it ? 
  so giveaway it is , although i 'll save them until after the bundle expires . 
  thanks !, 
  fe    bd is my preference , but they 're really too different to compare . 
  huh , did n't know they had screws . 
  the commercials all showed the plates getting swapped quickly ( since they were showcasing several , i guess ) . 
  depends on what you like . 
  idk , kingom hearts unchained is pretty good . 
  the other guy posted an overview of studies , and written in 2015 . 
  you posted one study from 2007 . 
  i 'm throwing my maggi soups out . 
  if it does n't , they seem to be giving codes from the closest region . 
  romania received eu codes , even though we 're not included in nintendo 's definition of europe . 
  my internet is amazing and it still crashed all the time .
