  idk, 
  susumu is easy to pronounce . 
  tzuzuku as well . 
  but there 's something about kurusu that ties my tongue into a knot . 
  except obscure jrpgs . 
  scores for these seem mostly accurate - like how the first raidou game has 74 % and it actually feels like 7.4 / 10 game , for its various issues . 
  aaa games that get 7 to 8 scores feel more like 4-5 . 
  yeah , it 's more like a reaction to seeing someone with green hair . 
  it 's unusual . 
  i wish it was more common though . 
  i 've always wanted to try this , but it does n't run on my rooted phone :(, 
  i wish, 
  shit  ponta      dragnea, 
  for what it 's worth . 
  well , there 's avatar tuner . 
  and the books smt was originally inspired from . 
  at this point , it 's probably just safer to avoid the us altogether when travelling . 
  just like how nobody follows college or highschool sports ? 
  radiant historia is also guaranteed to be brought over , although it 'll probably be next year . 
  al doilea post are +2, 
  what about children with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anencephaly ) ? 
  they are literally not conscious . 
  hans too . 
  it 's sort of a pity , i do n't know how many hours i played in some games before i downgraded , just that it was a total of about 200 hours . 
  e un sacrificiu mic ca sa nu dispara satul traditional crestinesc ruman . 
  legat de dna , e o diferenta de filozofie . 
  her clothes look way more risque on adult body huh, 
  on a child 's body , it looks silly and emphasizes that there 's nothing there . 
  on an adult woman though . 
  welp . 
  reading comprehension ? 
  dar whatever dude, 
  mama aia are un pantec cam deformat, 
  are vreo alta mutra ?? 
  good guy monta, 
  i imagine russia also loves that we are using putin as a scapegoat for all our problems , instead of looking at the actual reasons people voted for trump and brexit and trying to fix that . 
  it plays right into their interest of instability . 
  what 's ironic is that i rooted my device in the first place to be able to fix those annoying 803 errors quickly . 
  i 've only ever seen it used as idea -  better -  even better -  best . 
  knowing what school toilets are like , many do n't even have a bin in every stall . 
  are you serious ? 
  the first reaction people have when the period is mentioned is an uncomfortable `` eww '' and a wrinkled nose as if you just took a dump on their table . 
  and did that make you gay ? 
  somehow i do n't think so . 
  this is a thread about concentration camps for gay men from a muslim minority in russia . 
  why are you posting the statistics of the one group of muslims whose members were cherry-picked by the us immigration officials to be the most educated and tolerant of their community ? 
  why not that famously daming pew poll ? 
  ( or did you forget just how strict the us is and has been about letting muslims into the country ? ), 
  i do n't see anyone defending christians from uganda . 
  in fact , defending christians in general is much rarer . 
  what non-religious reason can you possibly have for this ? 
  if you do n't believe in a soul , that zygote is just a bundle of cells no different than an organ or even tumor . 
  i was comparing it to an organ or a tumor , not a conscious human . 
  i would n't call a newborn a fully formed human either , although i certainly would n't want to have it killed when it can survive just fine outside of someone 's body . 
  see above , de data asta despre cybersex . 
  ceva despre niste medicamente care-s eficiente in a trata compulsive sexual behaviour . 
  that 's splitting hairs . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with killing humans who literally do n't have a brain , or pulling the plug on someone who will never wake up from a coma . 
  but i used the word ` zygote ' instead of fetus for a reason there ... 
  there 's always next time !, 
  ( god i hope not ), 
  i never get this idea . 
  why from the moment an egg gets fertilised ? 
  why not before ? 
  there 's basically no difference in cognition or human-ness to before and after . 
   you signed up to donate kidney and when the kidney found a match you pull out, 
  are you suggesting this should be illegal ? 
  what if you were n't aware of the health risks , or were forced to sign your kidney away , or under psychological pressure of some sort to do this ? 
  i 'm sure employers could deal with a few employees coming in an hour late , or leaving for an hour in the morning to take their kids to school . 
  it starts at 08:00 in romania . 
  i had delayed sleep throughout highschool and would always be late or miss my first class , and often miss an entire day to catch up on sleep on thursday or friday . 
  my parents thought i was intentionally slacking , so often enough i 'd wake up at 8 and moved to sleep in the closet or under the bed . 
  it was hell . 
  i 'm glad the school was incredibly lax with absences for reasons . 
  ... i just realised i used the wrong word . 
  i wanted blastocyst . 
  i wanted the post to specifically reference early abortions . 
  it 's just one hour , and only a handfull of employees . 
  a small diner that only keeps one employee per shift would have issues , but most places have at least two people and 9am is n't exactly rush hour . 
  even in call centers , there 's a usually more than enough people to cover a small number of colleagues missing for a short time . 
  is that even ` shadow ' ? 
  we know the cia does whatever the fuck it wants , the torture report was a nasty wake-up call , and the nsa is gigantic . 
  well , we * would n't * if he was n't constantly declaring how terrible gays are . 
  i 'm not op , but \u2206 for throwing a wrench into how i see gender expression . 
  but the words themselves are nearly identical , unlike genitalia vs secondary sexual characteristic . 
  and a ` sex part ' sounds like it could include breasts , it 's not as immediately clear . 
  i do and they are . 
  nobody would include them in ` genitalia ' , i agree . 
  i was just supporting that other guy 's point that it 's less obvious in other languages . 
  it 's a lot easier to confuse ` sex part ' and ` sex characteristic ' ( the literal translations of the words ) than what 's in english . 
  okay okay i get it . 
  people never mix similar words up and that guy really did think boobs are genitals . 
  the wikipedia article on child pornography listed some sources , both for and against the idea . 
  of course , this being actual child pornography with a real child being harmed , it does n't fully apply to cartoon porn . 
  his tenure was nearly a decade , to be fair . 
   i would say that i find it hard to relate to rational protagonists , but i 've never heard of one having ever been successfully created, 
  ar fi sincer suficient sa avem asa o clauza . 
  17 unicorns to a leprechaun ? 
  did the unicorn stocks crash ? 
  my own grandma , also from romania , said the same thing .
