  let 's see, 
  these games are worth looking into :, 
  the world ends with you ( imho the best ds game ever made ), 
  trauma center, 
  smt : strange journey, 
  devil survivor 2 ( the first one has an enhanced 3ds port ), 
  kingdom hearts days ( though you might want to play the rest of the series as well ), 
  999 ( it 's a bit like danganronpa , but better ), 
  radiant historia, 
  the ace attorney games, 
  avalon code, 
  there 's also various final fantasies to look into, 
  i think it 's too much of a classic to go on sale, 
  but soul hackers did n't include an ost ? 
  i bought mine new from amazon . 
  the last part will be called `` fall of hope '' . 
  calling it now . 
  the pal version did n't , and it was more expensive than the us version as well . 
  i 'm growing less and less fond of atlus . 
  i ca n't image nis willingly foregoing the ost , since it 's such a nice bonus . 
  it 's much more likely that atlus did n't sell them the rights , and that 's what i 'm annoyed about . 
  aww damn , i just noticed heart forth alicia stopped just short of the 3ds goal . 
  worse , we pay $ = # . 
  if only we could pay $ = $ . 
  eu soul hackers started at 54 $ and costs 34 $ now . 
  us soul hackers , including bonus cd , started at 40 $ and costs 18 $ now . 
  how is this in any way fair . 
  if it 's not ` cost-effective ' to bundle a stupid cd at double the price , then fuck them . 
  any news on the eu release yet ... 
  yes , it 's early to ask , but considering the precedents ... 
  i liked her voice , but then again i played the undub . 
  because fuuka 's english voice was terrible . 
  or [ this one ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=gdon+with+rampage ), 
  yeah , me too . 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  why would anyone downvote this ? 
  and just signed . 
  speaking of kickstarter : [ exogenesis ] ( https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2921787/exogenesis-post-apocalyptic-tokyo-adventure-visual ) is 5 days and 8k away from the ( possible ) 3ds streth goal . 
  ( if the 3ds gets unity support . ), 
  just the dub . 
  in the original , yu is voiced by daisuke namikawa ( ulquiorra , jungo , waver velvet , italy ) and adachi by mitsuaki madono , who is n't as famous ( kon , joe ) . 
  and even if they had the same person voicing both yu and adachi in the original , you would n't have recognised it because japanese vas have a huge range . 
  just look at daisuke namikawa voicing both ulquiorra and hetalia 's italy . 
  the thing is that yu had very limited lines in the game - mostly calling out persona names and maybe grunting , and they did n't want to hire a whole new va for that ( because unlike japanese vas , us va 's actually have to be paid ) . 
  they just went with that when the anime came out too . 
  this , or keep them for future promotions . 
  is that in russian ? 
  it sounds suspiciously like romanian ... or maybe the two languages are just a lot more similar than i thought . 
  ca n't wait until they can play commercial games and i can finally sink my teeth in smtiv and rf4 . 
  [ they get paid very little . 
  ] ( http://jdjapan.wordpress.com/2012/04/29/the-truth-about-seiyuu/ ) most of them - around 80 % - have to work part-time just to make ends meet . 
  i have n't actually seen most of the anime you mentioned * dubbed , because english is not my native language so i rarely watch dubs . 
  more specifically , i listen to both tracks and then decide which one to listen to . 
  i do remember the naruto dub being pretty bad though . 
  that 's not to say i have n't heard good ones ( i really enjoyed how they voiced devil survivor overclocked ) . 
  edit : see my comment above . 
  hope you were n't too fond of that nut . 
  yep . 
  although i 'd prefer a 3ds game capable and region-lock neutral cartridge that works with the current firmware , tbh . 
  one can dream . 
  i wish we could have the price drops the us has . 
  that is not true . 
  half of europe earns less than 400 $ a month on average , we still get charged double the price america does . 
  it 's greed , pure and simple . 
  i would not recommend this fic . 
  maybe it gets better , the few chapters i read had :, 
  - perving over 13 year old girls and ` dirty humor ' every . 
  second . 
  line . 
  dialogue, 
  - a highly ooc harry for no explained reason, 
  - an overpowered harry from the very beginning, 
  either way , there are better things to read . 
  many parts being , what , germany ? 
  and do the english really earn almost double the wages americans do ? 
  places like sweden without nintendo shops get even higher prices . 
  the local price for a 3ds game in romania is 60 $ . 
  housing is 300-400 euro here . 
  you can get one bedroom at like 100-200 , but you 'll need to share with someone if you want more . 
  the 400 i quoted is considered a very good wage here . 
  my own pay started at ~ 200 and is 300 now , but i 'm okay because i do n't pay rent . 
  and yes , it 's below the poverty line anywhere . 
  that 's the point . 
  devil survivor overclocked , it 's a fantastic game . 
  just do n't worry too much about graphics or using the top screen . 
  i 'd love to play jack bros. 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  i only started using fog breath late-game because i did n't realise how game-breaking it was . 
  matador can be defeated with demons with sukukaja/sukunda . 
  i do n't remember him being hard ;, 
  if the free battles are n't giving you exp anymore , it means it 's not a matter of level . 
  do you have elec dance and/or fire dance ? 
  what characters are you trying to use ? 
  what stats does bunny have ? 
  this is fantastic news !, 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't mind if the game only comes out in a year or two , as long as i know it 's coming i 'm happy as a clam . 
  you can watch it by the time you 've defeated the emperor and the empress . 
  it does n't cover any events after that . 
  do n't worry about it , you 'll know .
