  that said , reading several sets of descriptions is better than reading one . 
  my comment * was * dickish , i never said it was n't . 
  and i was n't disagreeing with you on how healthy it was , the problem was the context . 
  that said , have a good day . 
  uh , is n't he sort of ... too small to drunkenly rape anybody ? 
  unless he finds a way to tie them down before they notice , i guess . 
  ah , okay , thanks . 
  ( i have n't actually read the books yet . ), 
  his chin and forehead were switched in photoshop ? 
  his mouth is also the wrong way around . 
  also , nightmares ahoy . 
  woah , i was just reading the wikipedia article about this ( [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fetus_in_fetu ) ) . 
  apparently there were also cases where the tumor / twin was in someone 's abdomen , making them effectively `` pregnant '' with their unborn twin . 
  smtiv is fantastic , easily the best game on the system , but seems to be ymmv with people . 
  speaking of smt , there 's also devil survivor overclocked and devil survivor 2 break record which are both amazing games , and soul hackers if you do n't mind more dated gameplay . 
  eu is not a country . 
  wait , i 'm confused - how come we have an eu release date for this , but not for story of seasons which is arguably more anticipated ? 
  i really do n't understand why people had so much trouble with it . 
  you can only explore small parts of it at a time , just explore everything you can before going to the next area . 
  same here . 
  what 's odd is that i enjoyed the demo immensely ( i spent 13 hours in it ! ), 
  and would n't have minded more of the same . 
  but the actual game was different enough that it just fell flat . 
  that said , you should try it op and see for yourself . 
  fotbal in romanian , possibly taken directly from french because neither `` fot '' nor `` bal '' actually mean anything . 
  huh , you 're right . 
  removing that extra `` o '' makes it look a lot more sane , like a name that could actually exist . 
  still dorky as hell though . 
  quintavius sound like a medieval librarian . 
  or a harry potter character who is a librarian . 
  imho . 
  it took me a while to figure out what you meant by `` smae '' , possibly because it looks like an actual word . 
  it does taste metallic , but i personally like that . 
  soda with regular sugar is a little too sweet for me . 
  i did get it , but i have n't played it yet, 
  `` what is your native tongue ? '', 
  good question . 
  what * is * my native tongue ? 
  please release this in europe !, 
  why not ? 
  is there any grooveshark alternative that also has vocaloid music and vocaloid music covers ? 
  i 've been using grooveshark to listen to a mishmash of game soundtracks , vocaloids and j-music , and it was really terrible to see it go ... 
  spotify is not available in my country , so that one 's out . 
  vibecloud does n't seem to work in my browser , so it wo n't work at work either . 
  is 8tracks based on soundcloud ? 
  soundcloud does n't work on my ancient browser at work . 
  but thank you for the links !, 
  or rune factory , or smt , or theathrythm, 
  these lists always leave me a little confused . 
  i suspect the people who make them just list all games that they 've played , since you 're hardpressed to find a genuinely bad game on the 3ds . 
  i thought this game fixed the problems the original attack on titan had ? 
  i wanted to change the country of my nnid recently , but could n't because i had a bunch of digital games i 'd have lost . 
  i would n't have had this problem with all-physical , but hindsight is 20/20 . 
   additionally , from the late middle ages through to the end of the 18th century , etiquette and medical manuals advised people to only wash the parts of the body that were visible to the public ; for example , the ears , hands , feet , and face and neck . 
  logica era un manual super subtire si simplu - trebuia sa memorezi o mana de termeni si in rest era logic . 
  same , i enjoyed the 3d in vlr . 
  unlike the other posters it was fairly stable for me , and i usually turn it off because i have trouble maintaining it unless i 'm sitting straight with my hands in an uncomfortable position in fron of me . 
  i wish region3 was n't patched , i want to play this game so bad it hurts . 
  the new content is as long as the original game though . 
  i thought the same about overclocked before buying it , since i already played the original . 
  but then i ended dropping ~ 100 hours into it , and i spent less then 30 on the vanilla version . 
  there are licensing costs for the original voices ? 
  could you please tell me more about this ? 
  because i 've argued a lot that we should get them ( dlc would be great ) , but i had n't heard about this . 
  quick warning , ds2 is a lot sillier and more campy than the first one . 
  it also is n't as deep in exploring morality and religious belief . 
  ^ ^ ( so you do n't end up hating it ), 
  ds2 is basically persona lite . 
  smt4 is very much like oldschool smt , but less clunky . 
  also , the p3/4 fans have a huge focus on waifus and that gets annoying after a while . 
  emulate the ds version . 
  treat it like a demo , play around for a bit . 
  it has less content then the 3ds version and it 's the kind of game that needs multiple playthroughs anyway , but the main game should be mostly intact and - well , it 's a fantastic game . 
  you can buy it later for the extra chapters ( that are as long as the game itself ! ), 
  if you like it . 
  * yes * . 
  regardless of the quality of the game , it 's basically the prologue to kingdom hearts iii . 
  it has important story content that you * ca n't * miss . 
  about the game itself , it was pretty awesome . 
  it did have flaws , like the system with the pokemon creatures and the camera position , but it 's definitely just as fun and fast-paced as the other games . 
  also , new worlds !, 
  the new take on the tron world was also fantastic . 
  edit : if you have n't yet , you should play the world ends with you before starting ddd again . 
  do you have a new 3ds ? 
  if no , attack on titan . 
  xenoblade would be the better and more expansive game and most people will vote for it , especially since atlus games have frequent discounts , but there 's also an argument for aot : if you 're interested in more niche jrpg localizations , it 's better to support the niche jrpg first . 
  i do n't remember nisa games ever going on sale since i bought my 3ds . 
  even if it 's a port , it 's a port of a game that came out in 2011 . 
  it does n't look any worse than the usual straight-to-3ds games - like , say , fire emblem awakening or such . 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  that 's not a good exchange rate . 
  40 hours for $ 40.00 seems really low , unless those 40 hours are the best you 've ever played or something . 
  $ 0.5 should work i think . 
  i do n't have a copy of cubic ninja d :, 
  maybe it 's different for the usual `` gamer '' games . 
  i heard that they 've gotten really short recently ( like , ~ 10 hours of storyline or such ) . 
  you might actually end up liking the story though . 
  it 's very divisive . 
  if you like kh for its complicated , puzzle-like plot , ddd has one of the best stories in the series .
