  rpgs , you mean western ones right ? 
  there 's a dearth of those and fpss on the 3ds . 
  for a fun game you could try monster hunter . 
  for kingdom hearts , you have re : coded and 358/2 days on the ds , and dream drop distance , and i warmly recommend any of them . 
  ddd should be left for last though . 
  but moreso than the two ds games , if you like the series you should play kingdom hearts 1 and 2 , either on ps3 , or failing that on the pc emulator . 
  both of them are very different from kh1 and 2 . 
  since you 've played chain of memories , 358/2 days takes place in parallel - so , that one . 
  you 're already familiar with the organization and with some of what sora did , that helps . 
  for maximum emotional kick , boot up kingdom hearts 2 on an emulator and play just the prologue part until sora shows up , and play 358/2 days after that . 
  when you actually start playing kh2 though , start from the beginning again - this is how i got into the series , and it 's pretty amazing how the meaning of those scenes changes before and after 358/2 days . 
  yep . 
  attack of the friday monsters and weapon shop de omasse are two short and low-price games that are really awesome . 
  they 're made by the guys behind yokai watch and fantasy life . 
  i 'd go for 32 since the prices are n't really that different , there 's no real reason to go for the smaller one . 
  besides , with black friday coming up you 'll be able to snap cheap sd cards . 
   finally , nintendo mentions the mystery seeds , which allow you to grow some very special crops . 
  those look like famous nintendo items :, 
   super mushroom ( immediately grow all nearby plants ), 
   super star ( keep your crops fresh for up to thirty days , and make them more valuable ), 
   fire flower ( get rid of any wilted crops ), 
  i 'm so excited for this game !, 
  they just might , considering nintendo is publishing it over here . 
  my demo of that only had 1 use and i accidentally 'd it . 
  i still have n't bought the game , half out of spite . 
  you mean eoiv ? 
  eo : u did n't have a demo iirc, 
  although i also bought untold because of the eoiv demo . 
  sort of missed the overworld in it . 
  welcome to the joys of region locking . 
  jelly comes from gelatin you know, 
  to be fair , persona has a bad track with dubs . 
  i 'm talking about fuuka who went from a sweet , shy voice to a screechy banshee . 
  i went straight for the undub for p4 . 
  pokemon mystery dungeon - i do n't think it has much in the way of story and characterisation . 
  i 'd say go with stella glow , it 's the more niche game . 
  the new one , if money is n't an issue . 
  if it is , whichever fits into your budget . 
  ... not in europe apparently, 
  communism already tried that , did n't work . 
  i 'm saying this as an atheist myself . 
  because christianity invented all of those !, 
  like in those old stories where jesus rode reindeers and decorated trees !, 
  not . 
  the point of it is being with your family . 
  that 's why almost nobody goes to church on christmas , and why most christians sing carols about santa and trees instead of religious carols like adeste fidelis . 
  fuck you , my country shares a border with ukraine . 
  or do you think everyone here is from the us ? 
  bonus maps give you like 1 exp per kill in lunatic . 
  they 're really only useful to grind supports . 
  for cutscenes , sumia/chrom wins . 
  but for actual supports and in-game stuff , olivia/chrom with inigo as his son makes more sense . 
  inigo looks like chrom , he 's * named * after chrom 's hair color , his lucina sibling support plays out perfectly * and * ties into his dad support , his dad support compares him to lucina , and makes a reference to olivia 's s-support with chrom . 
  he also gets the brand in his eye , unlike the other kids . 
  meanwhile , cynthia has none of this and does n't recognise chrom - her * father * - in her paralogue . 
  it 's like the creators wrote olivia/chrom intending to make it canon , then changed their minds when they got to the cutscenes ( but did n't go back to change the support scripts ) . 
  he gave money to one family because the dad could n't afford the dowry for the daughters . 
  a far cry from coming from the north pole on a flying sledge pulled by reindeers and giving christmas gifts to every boy and girl . 
  not to mention , st nicholas ' day is december 6 , not christmas . 
  santa claus used to be called father christmas , unrelated to st. nicholas , and still is in many countries . 
  got ta love them stealth edits . 
  i also love how acknowledging christmas is a holiday that started as a pagan celebration of the solstice and became a secular holiday in the 21st century makes you a teenager , but clinging to bullshit about christ makes you a ` le mature adult ' . 
  i gave adeste fidelis as an example because it 's the only religious carol i know , and that says a lot considering i used to be devout enough that i still know the lyrics in latin by heart . 
  christmas can never be a charade because of war because it 's not a celebration of peace or goodness or whatever , and it stopped being about religion long ago . 
  maybe churches are packed during christmas in your corner of the world , but it 's not the same everywhere . 
  not by a long shot . 
  do you think it 's a coincidence christmas takes place right after the solstice , the shortest day of the year , with the longest night , after which the days start growing longer again ? 
  that people light candles during it ? 
  that people decorate evergreen trees , eat a lot and party ? 
  you 're actively participating in pagan traditions - without being pagan !, 
  it has nothing to do with being a believer , in any capacity . 
  we used to put boots on our windowsills on december the 6th and wait for saint nicholas to come and leave gifts . 
  if we were bad , he 'd leave a stick , a potato and a piece of coal . 
  christmas was a separate thing . 
  i 'm not from the uk though . 
   in a secular area ( of europe , probably ) ,, 
  europe , yes . 
  secular area , lol no - romania is like 90 % religious . 
  and i do n't celebrate christmas for peace , no . 
  stockings - sure . 
  the red and green color scheme is pagan though . 
  songs - partly , most carols are quite secular . 
  some are religious , but most are n't . 
  the concept of singing songs does n't belong to religion though . 
  saint nick - nobody calls him that . 
  most people associate santa claus with the father christmas figure from folklore , and not a saint . 
  most people wo n't be able to say claus comes from nicolaus which comes from nicholas , a greek saint who paid off some dude 's daughters 's dowry . 
  and this does n't mean you ca n't be religious on christmas !, 
  what i 'm taking issue with is that you seem to think it 's a purely - or even mainly - religious holiday , when it 's not . 
  i wish they 'd announce the titles . 
  i ca n't buy several things , even discounted . 
  region lock prevented me from getting my hands on rune factory 4 and smtiv for the longest time , and story of seasons currently . 
  yes . 
  but play 999 first , it 's the first game in the series . 
  not yet . 
  have you played the devil survivors ? 
  they 're not exactly obscure , but they do n't advertise that they 're tactical rpgs either . 
  yes . 
  i 'm from romania myself !, 
  set your eshop to ireland though , because romania has no eshop .
