  neither . 
  call of duty is hardly any better than candy crush , it 's just different tastes . 
  okay , looking at it logically , which one of these is more of a gamer :, 
  1 ) your grandma who plays a simple game non-stop on her ipad ( be it bingo or pac-man ), 
  2 ) some guy who casually plays skyrim , when he has time , maybe two hours a day at most, 
  my own opinion is that `` gamer '' should be defined by `` time spent gaming '' , not what sort of game you play . 
  the last time i read an article on this , a website defined `` core gaming '' as `` as long as it 's not on a nintendo platform '' . 
  it 's easy for us to define core and casual gaming by cherry picking titles , but a study needs a more general , rigorous definition . 
  huh , interesting . 
  in my case it 's the exact opposite :, 
  * i derive a lot of pleasure from food , so when i 'm depressed i ca n't muster up the motivation and self-control to not eat, 
  * eating is a form of self flagellation/punishment for feeling crap about myself and the current situation, 
  it 's just so true . 
  i have never , ever experienced this . 
  images , sensations etc. 
  are usually more vivid in my dreams , but emotions tend to be dull . 
  i thought everyone was this way ? 
  weird . 
  i enjoy my dreams , if only i would n't forget most of them so quickly . 
   because of the children 's underwear section . 
  that seems a bit extreme and has the potential to fetishize those images in the minds of those kids above and beyond the attitude they started with going into juvie . 
  ... and can a kid even be a sex offender ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  so my friend , who mainly plays f2p mmos like path of exile , would n't be considered a gamer ? 
  and someone who bought a gaming pc and the software for the sims would ? 
  this is so confusing . 
  for what it 's worth , 4chan ( the 3ds general on / vg / ) strongly recommended the eshop version . 
  take that as you will . 
  the tales of series is as standard jrpg as they come , so i 'd look into other jrpgs on the system : rune factory , the various shin megami tensei games , bravely default come to mind . 
  devil survivor overclocked is very story heavy and the combat is very engaging . 
  i do n't know , but this link might help : https://www.ifixit.com/device/nintendo_3ds, 
  animal crossing is pretty much the definition of this . 
  it 's not very involved at all , and you can just open it and play 20 minutes and put it back down again . 
  it 's very relaxing . 
  mario 3d land is just your regular mario in a 3d environment , so if you like that go for it . 
  i have n't played the other two though . 
  devil survivor overclocked also deserves a mention . 
  the gameplay is similar to fire emblem , with a touch of turn-based combat and pokemon , and the story is very complex with huge replay value . 
  i 've poured almost 100 hours into it ( and i played the ds game before buying overclocked as well ) . 
  if you 're in europe , there 's a chance there will be a sale for it since they seem to be planning to discount everything related to smash bros before it releases . 
  i do n't think rape is very common among kids ... 
  and for most other things - like stripping a kid when playing , or groping a girl in the snow - i do n't think their minds are developed enough to tell that apart from rough-housing . 
  does n't it make more sense to treat this as regular bullying instead of declaring them sex offenders ? 
  i just hope kids do n't get put there for `` playing doctor '' , or teenagers for sexting . 
  why feces ? 
  dogs like feces , but not that much . 
  would n't they just lick it off ? 
  source : have a dog that likes feces . 
  i 'm sorry , this is the sort of thing i need to read up on before believing anything . 
  a child can commit sex offences - in full knowledge of what they are doing ? 
  the same kid that ca n't consent to regular non-violent sex ? 
  i feel like i 'm only getting a quarter of the story here . 
  52 % is only just barely the majority . 
  oh , so that is why russia 's so comfortable cutting off their food imports from europe . 
  but her hair is purple in the anime , look at the screenshot again . 
  her design actually reminded me a lot of chrome from hitman reborn . 
  thank you !, 
  so salt is processed in the liver ? 
  is that why you have to drink pills with a large glass of water ? 
  and why alcohol dehydrates you ? 
  a fetus is not a `` human life '' yet , that 's the entire point . 
  it does n't have emotions . 
  instead of having a kid that will struggle for its entire life , would n't you rather try again for a healthy one ? 
  `` no chance to ever have lived in the 1st place '', 
  yes , that fetus , and 99.999 % of all sperm or ovules you produce over your lifetime . 
  yes , my grandfather was like this too - he died a few days after he started chemo . 
  his body could n't handle it . 
  also , abortion is illegal , prohibitively expensive or very difficult to arrange in many us states . 
  though this only applies for those particular states ( and countries ) . 
  the first link does n't work and the third one is subject to the same problems as the link in the op . 
  also , the abstract says :, 
   regarding injury , men were more likely to inflict injury than were women, 
  so women are more likely to commit violence , but less likely to actually injure . 
  the article is locked behind a paywall as well , so there 's that . 
  what if the woman ca n't abort it as a fetus ? 
  should she be forced to support it on her own , alone , when it takes two people to conceive ? 
  children are a side-effect of sex , sex is n't a side-effect of kissing . 
  33/12 = 2 years and 9 months, 
  for pirating a movie he could have seen for like $ 15 . 
  how many years do you get for stealing candy from stores ? 
  if i told all of my friends that , say , cola causes cancer 100 % of the time and they believed me and stopped buying it , does that mean i should be charged for theft for all the cans the * would * have bought ? 
  potential earnings = / = earnings, 
  so what about a # 10000 fine ? 
  it 's 10x what he earned . 
  still less than 33 months . 
  do movies actually earn less than they did 10 years ago ? 
  20 years ago ? 
  i doubt it . 
  no , they watched a crappy version of it , because :, 
  a ) they were n't interested in watching it at the cinema , maybe they downloaded it just because their friends saw it . 
  b ) they could n't watch it for whatever reason ( towns without cinemas etc ), 
  c ) they already saw it , paid for it , and wanted to see it again . 
  d ) they were so impatient they watched the movie before * also * watching in the cinema . 
  the last one is n't pulled from my ass . 
  i have a friend who does that for every movie she skips town to watch , and she 's the biggest * cinephile i know . 
  i doubt she 's an isolated case . 
  if you really care about a movie , enough to buy a ticket , you will * not * settle for a shit camrip instead . 
  i 'm saying that decisions on whether one ` wants ' to be a parent or not should be made before the child is born , not after . 
  ideally , you should be able to either abort ( preferably co-financed , or financed by the father because he 's not the one risking complications ) or sign a form stating that you do n't give your consent to have the child be born and that they should leave you the hell alone . 
  if abortion is illegal , though luck for both parents .
