  have fun with it !, 
  and - i 'm planning to , someday haha . 
  right now i 'm short on both time and funds and the 3ds has way too many good games . 
  you can also pick one of the other two ones : d, 
  all the companions have * several * redesigns/edits so you can pick the awesomest ones regardless of whether you go for lore or recommended . 
  some that might be useful :, 
  * [ morrigan restoration patch ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/dragonage/mods/1120/ ? ), 
  this mod ( quote ) * restores several missing and fully voiced scenes to the game relating to morrigan in addition to fixing innumerable issues with various parts of her dialogue not triggering correctly * . 
  * [ dialogue tweaks ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/dragonage/mods/336/ ? ), 
  - fixes several bugs with the dialogue and adds some conversation options that make sense or were missing . 
  * [ zdf dialog fix ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/dragonage/mods/928/ ? ), 
  even more fixes . 
  the dialogues are very bugged in the vanilla game . 
  * [ combat tweaks ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/dragonage/mods/354/ ? ), 
  there 's more if you browse the mods on the nexus , especially along the lines of improving romances , these ones just fix the game a little . 
  i was n't thinking of that , or of anything specific really , although that `` other '' - ness was a factor . 
  it could represent anything , but the way they talked about the qun struck me . 
  i do n't know , things like that you ca n't explain the qun in just a few words , so most do n't , and there are scholars studying it very closely for years . 
  their technological advancement reminded me of how science was prized in the golden age of islam . 
  the strict rules , the way way religion weaves into life and government . 
  how they do n't have the concept of patriotism or racism because it 's either qunari or not qunari . 
  various things over the games . 
  i did n't mean it negatively . 
  ( i did mean the communism negatively though . 
  stamping out individuality , for the good of the whole , the government decides everything for you - as an eastern european , those things are horrifying . ), 
  i do n't know . 
  gypsies are still pretty disadvantaged . 
  the font on that website is terrible . 
  the best way to find out is to call nintendo . 
  you can say that you bought it while visiting in australia ( or it was a gift ) and you 're worried about the warranty . 
  you should look up rune factory 4 , it 's like animal crossing but with farming and fighting . 
  the most famous games on the system other than those two are the two monster hunters , fire emblem awakening and super smash bros. 
  it 's a pretty standard turn-based system , with an extra brave/default mechanic . 
  default is like guard , and guarding gives you an extra action next turn - you use that extra action by pressing brave , that 's pretty much it . 
  but if you loved fire emblem , you should get that , it 's the better game anyway . 
  shin megami tensei iv is very similar to pokemon in a lot of ways , but harder and with more mature themes . 
  the two devil survivor games are like a fusion of pokemon and fire emblem , but without dungeons and with a heavy focus on plot and a modern setting . 
  as an smt fan , i also feel obligated to mention that the pokemon series was originally inspired by the early shin megami tensei games . 
  rune factory 4 is another amazing jrpg where you can recruit cute monsters to help you fight , although the game is huge and this is only a small part of it . 
  she looks really mad in that scene . 
  does this mean loras dies / stays in prison ? 
  it 's hard not to see the parallels . 
  regarding communism , it 's unrelated to race or country . 
  the similarities struck me from the dialogue of the qunari characters in the games and it was hard to let go . 
  here 's some lines from the wikia with examples of what i mean :, 
   duty is paramount in qunari culture , [ ... ] they must not do what is best for them , but what is best for the creature [ society ] . 
   the qunari do not have a concept of personal identity , and use titles rather than names to identify and present themselves . 
  this is the most extreme end of it though . 
  i remember reading how in communist prisons , prisoners would be assigned a number and that would be their identity . 
  in regular society , individualism or standing out was still very frowned upon . 
  if you were a baker , you better damn well be a baker and not get any strange ideas about art or science or you 'd get a visit from the ~ ~ ben-hassrath ~ ~ * securitate * . 
  you were n't even allowed to own a type-writer without a permit . 
   qunari have no `` family units '' : they do not marry , choose partners , or even know to whom they are related . 
  a father 's role ends at conception . 
  a mother 's ends at birth . 
  a qunari 's `` family '' consists of his or her peers , called brothers and sisters . 
  they did keep family units back then , even supported them , but more as a tool to control the population . 
  you would not rebel if this would risk the life of your family . 
  it also helped create a veneer of legitimacy in the eyes of the people . 
  but they did encourage considering yours peers as brothers and sisters . 
   assigned a job . 
  although , unlike qunari society , in communism you were free to choose your career , but you were not free to choose your job and could be assigned across the country . 
  similarly , you 'd get an apartment assigned . 
  self-determination was not encouraged . 
  well , these , and a lot of the stuff we hear from iron bull and that character from daii . 
  there 's a lot of common points with communism , but it also has a lot of religious overtones and possibly-unintended parallels to the islam ( the religion , not the muslim society ) * unrelated to what i wrote above * . 
  * this * part is from my impressions following the debates and reading the opinions of people living there . 
  i find it hard to explain and i wo n't be going anywhere if i try to explain it . 
  but there are definitely parallels , and i 'm not the first to see them . 
  another interesting one :, 
   they once threatened to conquer all of the known world , but after several exalted marches during the qunari wars they have lost much of the conquered land . 
  i might be only one who enjoyed the demo ( i played it for 13 hours !, 
  ) , but did n't enjoy the actual game . 
  buy some kitchen equipment and try cooking . 
  go fishing . 
  talk to people , give them gifts . 
  do the town events . 
  i wish we 'd get some more third party ones , particularly from atlus . 
  ( although the free monster hunter one is awesome . ), 
  that 's pretty good ^ ( but you totally should have worn shorts :d ), 
  look at that map again . 
  it includes eastern europe for regions with a low crime rate . 
  poverty ca n't be the reason . 
  i do n't remember rune factory 4 using shoulder buttons ? 
  you do n't have to control the camera or aim , at least . 
  i had a guy who was a fan of those games at work too , and was looking forward to the latest call of duty . 
  he seemed to respect me looking forward to final fantasy xv , but gave me something of a hard time about `` children 's games '' like kingdom hearts : /, 
  i hate the terms hardcore and gamer because they usually include games like cod or dark souls , but not games like shin megami tensei or dragon quest . 
  so a big hobby of mine is games ( i end up lumped with gamers ) , but i ca n't talk to any actual `` gamers '' because they 've never played the same games i have ( and i have shit reflexes so something like dark souls like trying to walk on coals with a broken ankle ) . 
  i almost typed up an angry response until i realised you were talking about let 's plays hah, 
  ^ ( i just hope i 'm not wrong . 
  i ca n't think of anything the shoulder button would have been used for . ), 
  maximum all the time . 
  the games i play usually are n't battery intensive so it works out . 
  start cubic ninja on your console, 
  * sigh *, 
  my favorite romances in dragon age are zevran , morrigan , fenris and dorian . 
  i 'll miss david gaider . 
  calm down , nikumi . 
  you might like this fanfic : [ by the still waters ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/3315497 ) by emilyenrose , it 's about fenris going into the fade to rescue hawke .
