  especially what 's - her-name the girl ( ana , i think ) . 
  how about giving them the same treatment christians get when they advocate stupid things ? 
  mentally ill people are less likely to commit crimes . 
  he was a religious terrorist and a homophobe first . 
  the next summer olympics after this one are in japan . 
  gypsies were not allowed to leave the country during communism . 
  after 1990 , a lot of them left at once , and they had romanian citizenship by then . 
  username checks out, 
  i 'd also be willing to pay that much for dual audio dlc , because it 's an option i would n't otherwise have and it 's worth that much to me . 
  none of those are portable, 
  disappointing . 
  i was hoping they 'd just keep it ambiguous/unstated . 
  edit : i think this may be my most controversial comment haha . 
  i wonder which side of the `` player should decide whether the character is bisexual '' debate the people down and upvoting are on . 
  but reviving only costs like 5 play coins , why reset ? 
  aaa in romana `` bors '' nu se refera la [ asta ] ( http://www.bollerboltgyula.hu/products/feketebors.jpg ) . 
   jp monokuma is just horribly ear grating, 
  that was the point , yeah, 
  the jp voice was soft and pleasant , until he got the edgy crazy undertones when he sounded more desperate . 
  i wonder how many people who hate him played the english dub . 
  hah , this is actually my opinion . 
  togami is my favorite from dr1 for what it 's worth , but twogami was just less of an utter asshole . 
  * twitch * i actually accidentally downvoted you at first , good one . 
  i do n't remember having to tweak at all with kingdom hearts , and this was like 7 years ago on a pretty weak pc . 
  i had a 630 i think , though i barely remember . 
  well , to their credit , they were too busy removing hip bones . 
  intersexuals , maybe . 
  there is very little mention of them in the media , or anywhere , other than `` they exist '' . 
  about 1 in 4000 . 
  more or less , depending on what you count as intersexual . 
  sex assignment surgeries performed right after birth are common for this though , so the number seems lower . 
  most of what i know about this i learned from the manga `` is : because i 'm neither male nor female '' * ( is : otoko demo onna demo nai sei ) * by rokuhana chiyo . 
  i warmly recommend it , it is a very educational and empathetic look at intersexuality . 
  the first volume is a collection of stories to explain what it is , and the rest of the manga follows one individual from birth to adulthood . 
  timisoara is pretty comfy too these days . 
  resita is still shitty tho, 
  gluma asta nu era dintr-un thread pe / r/europe ? 
  aberrant chromosomes is still 1 in ~ 1500 . 
  they did mention a lot of things , but those did n't contribute towards their final figure . 
  1 in 1500 is 0.06, 
  i mentioned 1 in 4000 because that 's the number i heard when i learned about this . 
  even taking the 1/4000 or 0.02 number , think about it like this : what 's the population of your town ? 
  that 's 12 intersex individuals . 
  it 's still a lot , even if it 's statistically low . 
  you have social commitments and other responsabilities the other two days . 
  i - did n't say it was n't ? 
  the argument was that two adults have a hard time finding a lot of free hours to game together even during weekends , because they have plenty of other commitments as well . 
  i guess i forgot the ` other ' . 
  though this also does n't apply if you 're mainly into single player games . 
  the part where they changed the indian costume to a cowboy one was pretty bad imho, 
  swimsuits are hardly worth an m rating . 
  or wedding dresses with bare arms for that matter . 
  try a lot younger . 
  my earliest beach photos have me in a bikini , i wore them or one-pieces interchangeably . 
  because * i was a kid and it did n't matter * , bikinis were just `` what people wear at the beach '' . 
  it 's not that much that they changed it , it 's that they changed it to cowboys of all things . 
  the sexual changes in default were pretty minor . 
  the ones in second were worse imho , mainly because they looked clumsy . 
  it 's basically persona-lite and has pretty much nothing to do with fire emblem , other than some references and that one song . 
  the indians had crossbows , the cowboys had guns iirc i 'd shoehorn some fantasy race probably , personally . 
  just remove the more overt indian imagery . 
  i did n't get very far in the game though . 
  the plot/characters did n't hook me and i found the gameplay tedious . 
  you do n't really have to grind - well , intentionally . 
  try to recruit everything you find , focus on having all elemental spells ( agi/bufu/zan ) on demons in your active party , and ** do the quests ** . 
  you have toplay through it at least 3 times to go through all the puzzle rooms tho, 
  pretty sure they 're 18 . 
  but it costs money to make this many unnecessary changes . 
  tales of zestiria has layered conversations ( one group talking about one thing relevant to the story , another group going off on a tangent ) where they only subtitled what the first group was saying . 
  battle dialogue was mostly translated though , except where they were shouting attack names or giving you advice ( `` these enemies are weak to spells !, 
  you are also a random redditor though . 
  wtf . 
  the cartridge crashes my 3ds , so i never finished it . 
  huh , maybe i should just install a . cia to finish it, 
   as though an eight year old would think sexually that way, 
  i did : / it took me years to get over my feelings of guilt over it . 
  ... that said , yes . 
  an adult should always know better and a child is in no position to consent , full stop . 
  edit : yours -  years, 
   retro aspects are also a positive , too - playing with headphones we certainly got drawn in by the midi music , and switching rooms or areas also triggers a delicious bit-based sound effect . 
  they apparently replaced the orchestral soundtrack with a midi one for the western release ... 
  the way ghostlight * just * published devil survivor with game breaking bugs ? 
  i appreciate that they included a booklet and released the patch fast too . 
  i liked them more than nisa at the time heh, 
  se uita doar la romania tv in ultima vreme . 
  playing through it right now . 
  just a quick tip : if anyone has n't played teamc 's rec room puzzle yet and is on the 3ds , write down the numbers on the cards after you topple the thing . 
  the game wo n't repeat them and they 're impossible to read with the 3dss tiny resolution . 
  huh , i thought it was because of the resolution , got annoyed and ended up looking it up ( spoiling the puzzle ) . 
  welp . 
  a tip like one of the characters saying `` the numbers are blurry '' would have helped . 
  i bought the game , but did n't get very far for the reason you 're describing . 
  the dungeons are very tedious after the 5th time through . 
  i looked around that sub a bit , the non-trans related discussions seemed okay . 
  or maybe just the ones i cherry-picked to read . 
  i guess i do see where they 're coming from ( the original idea , before it got polarised/radicalised the way all fringe opinions end up being ) , that people should not feel forced to conform their `` mental '' gender with their physical gender , especially as most of the traits we think of when we consider it are stereotypes . 
  if someone feels like a girl , that 's fine , if someone feels like a boy that 's also fine regardless of the body they have . 
  this is different than being outright anti-trans though . 
  anyway , i used to think like this , until a cmv convinced me that it 's more like a dysphoria than a preference . 
  but is n't that like ... a square peg in a round hole ?
