  i expect the noa translation of the main story to be better than the fan-translation , but those changed names ... 
  if i do this , i 'll constantly worry about missing out and not enjoy the game at all ; _ ; so i 'm looking for the best compromise . 
  well , it 's true i do n't care about the swimswuits at all . 
  what i mostly care about : undub , names , translation for supports , amie , translation quality . 
  from what i 've read , noa is the choice for `` translation quality '' when it comes to the main story ( as well as translating all menus and dialogue bits ) , especially for ik . 
  but the rest ... 
  considering i 'm downloading a cia anyway because the steps to patch my own copy are honestly intimidating , i 'm not particularly worried whether it 'll be a jp or an na/eu copy . 
  edit : now that i think about it , an argument for one of the two localised options would be access to dlc ... 
  i have n't the dlc for awakening either though : / not that this stopped me from putting like 400 hours into the game . 
  before clicking ,, 
   reaching for a ball ? 
  80 % chance a random animal jumps that person, 
  yep . 
  that sounds like an invitation for some smart guy to give you insulin if you fall unconscious . 
  do n't you know they 're chemicals ? 
  and they cause cancer ? 
  i know a guy who knows someone who got violently ill after he drank 15 cans of cola zero a day for 3 months !, 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what happened ? 
  did you go into dka ? 
  i thought dka should n't be that much of an issue in t2s on a keto diet . 
  learn when to test . 
  do n't test 1h and 4h after eating and decide you 're fine to eat heavy carbs - i did this , it was months until i figured out i get my spikes around the 2h mark . 
  prick the side of the fingertip for blood , not the pad . 
  the skin is thinner and has less nerve endings . 
  it gave the excuse i needed to finally change my diet . 
  that was pretty big for me . 
  the people who could be convinced climate change is a serious problem already are , the people who are * still * deniers probably never will be . 
  it would take a number of disasters close to home to shift opinion anywhere close to where it needs to be . 
  the ship already hit the iceberg . 
  what does she like to eat ? 
  check out the glycemic index , it 's a handy quick reference to what food is or is n't okay . 
  keto diets are of course fantastic , but it can be a big shift . 
  so ... why not just walk ? 
  it 'd still be way less than half the time she wastes commuting . 
  the concept of ` not a walkable path ' seems so bizzare to me ... 
  get the bland carbs like bread and pasta out of your life asap . 
  there are some lowcarb versions of them floating around ( read the label to confirm ) that can be useful , but they tend to be expensive . 
  doing that leaves you more leeway for sugar . 
  the important thing is to start reading labels - one 10g piece of raffaelo has 4g of carbs for instance , perfectly fine . 
  i 've learned to enjoy more expensive sweets since i eat less of them . 
  just hope they pick a better song than the one they got for the late night show . 
  families are n't forcing their daughters to wear miniskirts and high heels . 
  women are not beaten or imprisoned for not wearing them . 
  it 's not comparable * at all * . 
  i did not mean they 'd be imprisoned by french authorities , i was thinking of their families . 
  and ` enforce those laws ' is not so easy when the women themselves think what the husband does is perfectly fine . 
  that was scary to read . 
  i kept feeling tired all the time , to the point where i woke up , went to work , got home , ate , fell asleep again . 
  i half-blamed this on working in shifts , but i also suspected thyroid issues . 
  i did drink and pee a lot , but the temperature in our office was high ( 26c ) and i 've had a small bladder all my life , so i did n't think these were symptoms - even moreso because i was only 26 and have never really been into sweets , diabetes was the last thing i expected . 
  i got diagnosed during the medical check-up for my new job though . 
  my bgc was 271 . 
  reddit also has plenty of non-americans from former communist countries . 
  ` socialist ' is nearly a curse word here . 
  we use ` social democrat ' for the kind of things you are talking about . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  bisexuality is a spectrum , not a switch . 
  bisexuality and pansexuality are functionally the same thing . 
  depending on the context , if someone says they 're pan i just assume they 're either very on top of trans dialogue , or they mean they also like aliens and furries . 
  the reason pan is n't catching on more is because a lot of us have already adopted the term `` bisexuality '' as part of our identity a long time ago , and we do n't want to change it just because * technically * `` bi '' comes from `` two '' . 
  romania, 
   worlds, 
  so this game is basically kingdom hearts for everyone who says kingdom hearts has too much final fantasy in it ? 
  my main issue with adventure bar story was how repetitive it was . 
  you had to go through each dungeon several times to gather ingredients , and new dungeons opened too slowly . 
  wonder if they fixed this . 
   diabetes often comes with weight loss, 
  i wish . 
  i also gained weight before i was diagnosed . 
  i was tired constantly , so i was n't moving around much . 
  that 's why , i think . 
  are we talking about * strictly * biological genders ? 
  there are three : male , female , intersexual . 
  are we talking about psychological genders ? 
  because there are clearly more than two . 
  it 's not a matter of opinion that there are more than two genders , whatever the context . 
  how many exactly there are though , well , that 's up for debate . 
  i wanted to say sunflower seeds , but then i looked it up and there are wildly different carb counts for it online ... 
  the brand i usually get ( nutline ) says it has 8g per 100g . 
  another brand says 62g . 
  an unrelated website says 23g . 
  now i 'm confused . 
  as long as it 's at the lower end and you 're a t2 , it 's pretty good since it takes long to go through a 100g bag . 
  my body can deal with up to around 15g of sugar at once , so i use that as a per-meal maximum . 
  i do n't really pay attention to how much of it i eat per day , but i 'm maintaining a pretty stable ketosis . 
  ds game piracy is very easy/cheap nowadays anyway . 
  i remember reading a study that drinking coffee causes about 10 % increase in bgc , though i do n't remember at what amount . 
  rune factory 4 feels a lot like ac crossing + dating and dungeons . 
  * raises hand *, 
  unless you count the freeware games , like pokemon picross . 
  smt already scratches that itch for me tbh, 
  i 'm more excited about smt apocalypse and pokemon sun/moon , although i might try the latter at some point . 
  also , huge backlog . 
  sky3ds ( but read up on it first ), 
  to downgrade , the 3ds would have to be on a previous firmware . 
  there is a way to downgrade updated devices , but only if you have a second 3ds that 's hacked . 
  remember the friends of nintendo humble bundle a while back ? 
  i 'm giving away the wii u games that were in it , since i do n't have one . 
  * ~ ~ affordable space adventures ~ ~,
