  81.4 % compatibility - good taste confirmed !, 
  pcs with powerful processors but meh graphic cards can be pretty sweet for gaming , if you mostly use emulators . 
  that 's sort of niche though . 
  eh , i have a 950 and it runs everything okay , although not at 60fps . 
  i buy monitors with lower resolutions ( 900p ) to balance it out , so it ends up way cheaper all across the board . 
  i picked it mainly because it does n't need a lot of power . 
  okay = dragon age inquisition for instance runs at custom medium-high settings ( with high mesh detail and textures ) at 30fps . 
  i 'm rarely into aaa gaming , so this is perfectly fine for me . 
  citra , xenia and pcsx3 are making huge strides !, 
  i suspect those will need all the juice you can throw at them once they become usable . 
  oh man thanks , somehow i had it as pcsx in my head . 
  thanks for the tip , i 'll look into that !, 
  yes , but you have to play a * different * game . 
  and if you have lots of mods , you risk something being broken and you have to wait a few days to hunt down every single mod that changes game behaviour to check if the creator updated it for the new patch . 
  updates are a bitch . 
  he should look into a mirror . 
  i 've had my eye on their rpgs for a while , and i downloaded one of the free ones , but i never played it because games sap the battery hard and i need my phone for phone stuff . 
  it 's nice that they 're getting ported to a proper portable console . 
  ah damn i 'll have to wait until mid-november to get it . 
  i 'm so excited to play it !, 
  the ds game was already amazing . 
  wish it had dual audio though . 
  i have 170 hours in rune factory 4 and i have n't done everything yet . 
  just 50 hours of radiant historia . 
  just the uk and germany afaik, 
  i heard a bit of the japanese dub . 
  how yamato speaks is both hilarious and pretty awesome , like he stepped straight out of a period drama . 
  it reinforces how ` apart ' he is from regular society . 
  it 's also pretty cute how his speech becomes a little more natural with the mc . 
  this subtlety ( or bilingual bonus as tv tropes calls it ) is totally lost from removing one of the voice tracks . 
  regardless of how good the dub is , because this is something that should have been preserved in translation rather than voice-work . 
  consoles are * only * for entertainment . 
  you need a pc of some sort anyway , so if you 're on a budget , console + pc is * always * more expensive than just a pc . 
  not to mention , you also have to shell out money for controllers and a tv set that pushes the price of a console * way * above the $ 400 you quoted . 
  i 'd be interested in a survey of how many people * actually * have a free tv for a console . 
  by free i mean it 's not occupied by other family members - i could n't possibly redirect my grandmother to my pc to use the tv . 
  i 'm on a budget , i 've always been on a budget and i will always be . 
  i considered the budget before investing in my pc . 
  a crappy laptop costs as much as an okay pc . 
  the crappy laptop is portable , but the pc could play movies in higher definitions ( 720p in hi10 , if the laptop can play this it 's not crappy ) and even most games . 
  not to mention , you can upgrade later - if you 've owned a pc before , you could buy it piece by piece and save on the case and monitor . 
  for 400 $ you can get a pc tower that plays all ps2 and earlier games , all indie games , 99 % of new games at a console-typical 30fps . 
  alternatively , you could pay ~ 1100 $ for a console , a low-end laptop and a small tv . 
  that 's expensive and extremely price-inefficient . 
  i think that 's just called `` being a decent human being '' , and not necessarily ( or not strictly ) `` being rational '' . 
  these are people who honestly believe we are going to hell . 
  i respect christians who * have * tried to convert me far more than christians who have n't , because those who have n't are talking to me , smiling , being nice , while knowing that i 'll be tortured for all eternity . 
  and being fine with this . 
  i do not consider those people decent human beings . 
  unless they 're of the groups who believe that anyone who does good deeds goes to heaven , i guess . 
  it usually becomes obvious after a while whether they think so though . 
  you wish they 'd stone adulterers , keep slaves and avoid mixed fabrics ? 
  what solution * is * there to making them less homophobic , other than pushing pro-lgbt/anti-homophobia messages ? 
  i admit i avoided his books and videos for years , because i bought into the narrative that he 's an asshole . 
  the first video i ever saw with him was the one with the giraffe dissection , linked from this subreddit . 
  i was surprised how soft-spoken and polite he was - i looked for debates , and he was always respectful of everyone and argued calmly and rationally . 
   ` he disassembled & reassembled a clock ( which is fine ) & then claimed it was his `` invention '' ( which is fraud ) , ' dawkins wrote on twitter . 
   while conceding that the police should not have arrested ahmed , he questions : ` what was his motive ? ', 
   ` if the reassembled components did something more than the original clock , that 's creative . 
  if not , it looks like hoax , ' he adds . 
  i 'm not seeing it . 
  if that 's what he meant by hoax , it 's a mighty awkward way to put it . 
  it seems like he meant it in the sense that the kid was cheating for a good grade , and not tried to convince people it 's a bomb . 
  why would n't extra credit things like that be graded ? 
  he 's very respectful in all his debates that i 've watched , very careful not to insult anybody . 
  his writings may be different though . 
  he 's railing against the dearest , most deeply held beliefs of millions , if not billions of people . 
  of course a number of those would confuse his confidence with being a smug dick . 
  i 've never look at his twitter though , this is just my guess . 
  edit : checked his twitter , could you please point me some of those really bad tweets ? 
  his feed is a mess of retweets and plugging his new book , and the rest are inoffensive . 
  does it invalidate that other book that lists the prices for slaves and says you 're allowed to beat your slave as long as he can stand up again two days later ? 
  this bothered me a lot too . 
  once a month for two years does mean 24-30 people , but there was an initial group . 
  and maybe they were n't sent once a month , but once every 4 weeks / 28 days . 
  or even once every three weeks . 
  inb4 smt x final fantasy, 
  smt theatrythm pls, 
  deicide is actually an actual word !, 
  1 . the act of killing a god, 
  2 . a person who kills a god, 
  [ c17 : from ecclesiastical latin deicida , from latin deus god ; see - cide ], 
  i really got the chills when i read deicide , it 's such a fantastic word for an smt game . 
  i assume they will go up in europe , where medicine is * a lot * cheaper than in the us . 
  the military base is to the west , if memory serves . 
  i defeated her the same way i cheesed the minotaur : hit her with sukukaja until she could barely touch me , and backed it up with rakukaja in case something did slip through . 
  because i relied so much on buffs , i experienced a more natural difficulty curve than most players . 
  i was n't overleveled and late-game bosses punished relying too much on buffs . 
  to be released in europe in 2030 !, 
  digital only !, 
  pickled cucumbers  *, 
  kisama/temee to ` you bitch ' is not a literal translation . 
  if they went literal , it would just be ` you ... ' - the translator wanted to keep the rude meaning of the original word , so they * localised * it to ` you bitch ' . 
  i spent at least two hours just hunting that monkey guy for the subquest . . 
  it 's been over a decade since i was interested in these , but 1 , 2 and 4 belong to ceremonial magic . 
  1 looks like a magic circle of some sort , you can see the holy names inscribed in it ( elohim and agla are visible without flipping the image ) , those are used in literally every ritual of that tradition - so that is where you should start looking . 
  2 is a seal of some sort . 
  it 's not one of solomon 's , i do n't think . 
  it might be a custom seal , in which case you 're out of luck - but you 'll need to look for some seals generally . 
  for 4 : http://www.jezuss.nl/ma/magic.htm#aba ( scroll down , ignore the name of the website ),
