  but transvestite never meant transgender . 
  transvestite comes from `` trans '' , cross , and `` vestimentum '' , clothing . 
  it literally means crossdresser . 
  ( btw , i did n't downvote you ), 
  tron was my favorite world in ddd d :, 
  not fit ? 
  it 's the perfect place to learn blizzaga !, 
  was n't it ? 
  the joke said that you stick it in in the back and grab a penis in the front , so it feels like your penis goes all the way through . 
  there was nothing about gender identity in there , or even anything demeaning , other than the word being a slur now which is honestly til to a lot of us . 
  ( is crossdresser acceptable when it 's the same thing ? 
  drag queen ? 
  that just makes me think of terrible make-up and poufy skirts . 
  trap ? 
  probably not . ), 
  he did say late teens . 
  when it comes to turn-based rpgs , nothing beats shin megami tensei ( devil survivor 1 , 2 and smt4 ) and etrian odyssey ( untold 1 and 2 , and 4 ) . 
  etrian odyssey is a dungeon crawler though , so ymmv . 
  it also depends on where you are . 
  if you 're in a nintendo country , you 're safe . 
  all on them are turn-based - did you mean you were looking for non-turn-based games ? 
  oh , yeah , it is . 
  it 's a hybrid , actually - you know how in fire emblem you place your units in a square grid and then wait it out ? 
  in desu you place your units and you also have an attack phase , where you attack with a specific skill or ability like in turn-based rpgs . 
  here is a video :, 
  you can always use ironhax , it works without keeping the changed dns address . 
  it 's completely different companies , so project diva is n't really an indication of anything . 
  speaking of sounding incredibly human , here 's miku singing the japanese version of let it go * perfectly * :, 
  edit : and here 's kaito sounding completely natural on a cover of tori no uta : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvwuua3lgx0, 
  yes , download codes are compatible across the region . 
  yes . 
  i assume they use gateway , and i also assume that most of them will download a rom rather than going through the mess of dumping their own . 
  since most 3ds games are japanese , i usually just use gematsu . 
  senbonzakura is one of my favorite songs !, 
  ~ ~ this is awesome < 3 ~ ~, 
  edit : uses remaining 1 ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  does this demo really have only one use ? 
  it sounds like your connection might be slow . 
  sometimes downloads from the eshop time out , the best you can do is try again later . 
  yes , in a sense . 
  you can play some snes/gb roms on the homebrew emulators using one of the hax , and you can buy a sky3ds for 3ds roms , but that 's about it . 
  the sky3ds does n't work with new games though afaik, 
  there 's three kingdom hearts games on the system ( two for the ds , one for the 3ds ) and they have free flowing combat . 
  but you should start with the ps2 games or their ps3 ports if you want to get into the series . 
  other than that , rune factory 4 is an amazing game and well worth it . 
   all the other tales ds/3ds games are japan only . 
  tales of the tempest and tales of innocence have english translation patches . 
  are you sure ? 
  mine is just 1 use . 
  i uninstalled and redownloaded it , still only one use ... 
  why does the us get 30 uses and we just 1 ? 
  what the heck ? 
  and i thought bravely default was bad with only 3 uses ... 
  us maybe , the eu demo had 3 . 
  maybe they changed that recently . 
  mine definitely only had 3 uses . 
  there 's ninjahax ( you need a copy of cubic ninja ) . 
  there 's also a homebrew loader using oot coming out , you will need a physical copy of that game and something called a `` save dongle '' . 
  the price should drop now that there 's easier homebrew solutions . 
  about oot : https://twitter.com/smealum/status/626231920259510272, 
  you 'll need a `` save dongle '' , which is a thing , to edit save files on cartridges on your computer . 
  but it 's not out yet and we do n't know when it 'll be out , just that it 's in the works . 
  but it might be the best solution for you if you already have the game . 
  the link does n't work . 
  anyway , i 've never used ninjahax , but ironhax was easy enough to set up and ninjahax should be similar . 
  while none of these hacks can play ds or 3ds games , the various flashcarts that can play ds games ( like r4i ) are n't very expensive . 
  the dstwo is the most pricey one afaik because it can also play gba roms . 
  unlike the gateway , they work on all firmwares . 
  i do n't know if that 's a save dongle , you should ask on gbatemp just to be sure . 
  and good luck !, 
  i do n't remember kurt cobain 's death because i was 5 in 1994 . 
  should i consider myself a 00s kid even though i was born in the 80s ? 
  flair related . 
  smtiv had fantastic environments and non-chibi models . 
  does story of seasons have dlc or spotpass content ? 
  i 'm thinking of importing it and playing it with the region-free loader . 
  999 + vlr and the two devil survivors are very heavy on both story and choices . 
  thanks !, 
  in the specific case of ironfall , it is not deleted from your device , but it does not carry over if you do a system transfer . 
  well , yes . 
  cubic ninja had the same fate in japan . 
  the thing is , who knows what other games will be exploited in the future ? 
  will those also get removed ? 
  it 's not something big to worry about though , just a distant possibility . 
  then you have games like project mirai with only 1 use . 
  because of this i 'm never going to be able to bring myself to play this demo . 
  now i 'm suddenly glad they refused to repair my console because it was 2 weeks out of warranty . 
  my savefiles  my hinge and camera . 
  except when you try to press attack and the option below it registers instead . 
  i really do n't like navigating menus on touchscreens . 
  project mirai is third party , and we 're always getting screwed by third parties . 
  binding of isaac , etrian odyssey 2 and break record are still not out yet . 
  story of seasons and return to popolocrois will probably never be released here . 
  we are not getting the decals for break record , or the launch edition goodies for project mirai or legend of legacy and we did not get the bonus soundtrack included with soul hackers . 
  neither etrian game has ever been on sale . 
  the le of bravely default was over 100 # to preorder , and the le of persona q around 70-80 # . 
  devil survivor overclocked , rune factory 4 and smt4 were delayed for over a year - overclocked was released with a gamebreaking bug and the other two only digitally ( nevermind gettingvthat sweet smt4 le ) . 
  virtue 's last reward was released without an english voice track because licensing both was too expensive . 
  the le of curtain call was only available in 4 or 5 countries .
