  there are worse things under the t rating than fates , and the localization is also for europe , not just for bible belt america . 
  it has also been discussed to death that there 's absolutely no reason to keep this game under a t rating . 
  a rating is not a goal , it 's a means to an end - and that end , sales , would be better served with an m rating whether the game deserves it or not . 
  also , the japanese mar-kusu and the english xander do n't have the same lipflaps . 
  treehouse , unlike what we 're seeing from the in-house localizers , actually had a good naming sense for the characters , so i did ' t mind the changes . 
  the new ones though - aqua is easy , azura is hard to pronounce and sounds omnious ( like azrael ) ; leon is exactly like leo , but looks more sophisticated - what 's the point in ` localizing ' it ? 
  and harold/arthur ? 
  what kind of name is xander , why not alexander or markus ? 
  flannel , what ? 
  and changing * any * of the hoshido names when that country is clearly japan ? 
  of course , the worst one is corrin . 
  kamui is a name from ainu mythology associated with divine beings - foreign mythology being baaaad , they decided to change it to a female-only name that means ... ` maiden ' . 
  how did they even decide on it ? 
  what 's a name that starts with c and rhymes with robin ? 
  it 's like they did n't even put any thought into any of these . 
  nu pasiv agresiv , dar fi supportive . 
  24 merge , dar 25-26 de grade nu e o temperatura decenta . 
  striptease ? 
  vii in costum de baie ? 
  wait , what ? 
  you 're not being sarcastic about shooting animals ? 
  someone , sure . 
  kids , less so . 
  usually when i hear about kids killing animals , it 's in a mental illness / child cruelty context ( you know , like killing cats ) . 
  26 , jrpgs mainly, 
  eu am lafel , cu 3gb de internet . 
  you can always try the demo for awakening . 
  sort of . 
  it 's 3 separate storylines , all with their own maps and characters ( except for the dlc version , which also has unique maps , but lets you play everyone ) . 
  you 're ` supposed ' to play it in order birthright -  conquest -  revelation , in order from easiest to hardest . 
  birthright is a lot like awakening from what i 've heard , lots of big maps with simple objectives , and you 're the good guys . 
  conquest has trickier maps . 
  nohr has the better husbandos though , so it balances out . 
  anyone know anything about preorders in europe ? 
  what ihateeng said , and you should also consider that fire emblem fates is coming out soon and it has plenty of references to awakening . 
  if you ever intend to play fates , playing awakening a few months before is probably a good idea . 
  that 's a terrible analogy , mao and stalin were not motivated by atheism and the desire to impose atheism , it was just the means to an end . 
  it 's like saying nanking was because of shinto , because the japanese soldiers were followers of shinto . 
  you can always play both starting with hoshido ( that 's what i 'm planning ) . 
  no , tribalism / in-group out-group thinking causes this sort of radicalism . 
  guess what religion is good at . 
  not a majority . 
  just a small minority of 27 % out of over a billion people . 
  `` drunk '', 
  one of them is holding a bottle of schweppes . 
  pentru dietele de la weight watchers de exemplu , numarul oamenilor care au pus * toate * kilogramele a loc este de 74 % - [ sursa ] ( http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract;jsessionid=f4a05a40d756addf08da5a27113d4429.journals?aid=1789920&amp;fileid=s0007114507862416# ) . 
  huh . 
  voluntariatul se ia ca si experienta , ar fi o varianta mai putin structurata . 
  huh , i can actually bend my fingers that far back . 
  up to a 90 degree angle if i have them braced against something . 
  could n't wrap them around a bottle though . 
  asa-i . 
  it 's somewhat more sfw than the us idol industry , when you have specimens like miley cyrus . 
  2\u00a01/2 more weeks until i can get it, 
  it 's sooo close, 
  also europe so price drop never , but i do n't even mind for this game . 
  call nintendo , sounds like an error with that thingy that detects cartridges . 
  also , try the games on another device if you can , just in case . 
  if they work , it 's the 3ds . 
  if they do n't work , it 's the games . 
  bright and colorfuland also a story - sounds like you 're looking for rune factory 4 !, 
  it 's a fantastic game that has a bit of everything , farming , fishing , crafting and cooking , rpging , dungeons , exploring , dating , and even a really nice story . 
  i have over 200 hours in it and i have n't exhausted all the content yet . 
  other than that , you could try either of the two devil survivor games or 999/virtue 's last reward for a very story-focused experience . 
  devil survivor also has that grid-based tactics rpg fighting style similar to fire emblem , and also collecting and fusing demons akin to pokemon ( yet very different ) . 
  rune factory 4 is pretty much an animal crossing rpg , you could also try looking into that . 
  it 's less polished than fantasy life , but it does n't have any dlc ( it 's 100 % offline ) , it 's less open-world and it 's way more character-focused . 
  danganronpa on the vita ? 
  those two games have pretty much nothing in common . 
  are you looking for anything more specific ? 
  a supercard ds two or a gateway flashcart would work for this - in the case of the gateway , provided you do n't update . 
  homebrew ( i think it does n't work on latest firmware though ? ), 
  can emulate gba on the n3ds decently enough iirc, 
  it 'll have over 80 hours of gameplay from the getgo , not counting replays . 
  i was hoping i remembered wrong . 
  what 's the bet that it 'll be way about 100 $ even without the pouch ? 
  i was hoping i remembered wrong . 
  what 's the bet that it 'll be way about 100 $ even without the pouch ? 
  when did awakening have a difficulty jump ? 
  i sort of remember the hardest chapters being the first few . 
  oh , oh yes . 
  those were pretty hard - although you were n't supposed to do them right after they opened ( other than morgan 's , and maybe owain 's ) . 
  nearly all of them on the 3ds . 
  try looking into rune factory 4 and the shin megami tensei games ( they 're all standalone , so get whichever , just do n't start with soul hackers ) . 
  sure , fallout - but most aaas do n't hit that kind of play time . 
  80 hours is what i 'm guessing will be the playtime just to get through one playthrough of the story . 
  well , it 's worth it for the new games , i 'd say . 
  we do n't know whether there will be a new handheld console soon , or more exactly we do n't know what the nx will be , but the 3ds has a huge , growing catalogue of fun games and full compatibility with all ds games . 
  now . 
  if you really want to play gameboy games on the 3ds :, 
  1 ) get an n3ds, 
  2 ) do not update it, 
  3 ) check the firmware , check whether it 's compatible with gateway - if yes , but a gateway flashcart and go download the emulator for it, 
  4 ) if not , check out the homebrew scene . 
  i 'm not sure whether homebrews work on the latest firmware though , so it might be a gamble and you might end up having to choose between emulation and newly released games . 
  not that guy , but i always got so much underwear from my grandparents for christmas and birthdays that i just never bothered getting any myself until college . 
  well . 
  that 's a load of nothing . 
  thank you for this post , by the way . 
  it has no online features at all .
