  but since i do it so often , there 's only a few to pull out at a time . 
  it 's like a really skinny wing , yes , and tastes the same with a slightly more rubbery texture . 
  it 's easier to eat that chicken neck . 
  chicken feet , necks and back make good soup stock . 
  i loved eating the feet when i was small . 
  did you eat it raw ? 
  it smells no different from the soup you cooked it in . 
  depends how high he was . 
  it 's possible he survived with broken bones . 
  between certain death from the fire and a small chance of surviving a fall , i think anyone would have jumped . 
  he should have used 3dss , they have much more stability . 
  not necessarily . 
  we had mixed showers in our college dorm , we would knock when we wanted to shower and the person inside would shout `` guys '' or girls '' . 
  mixed shower , but no mixed showering . 
  `` the code '' , this is not quantum physics for fuck 's sake . 
  why do you think regular bangladeshi people ca n't function in groups ? 
  do you think they 're not regular people or something ? 
  that they ca n't function in groups ? 
  if they waited just one more year they could have released it on the switch . 
  ... so they automatically default to raping 10 year olds in the shower ? 
  e mult mai greu sa cari plapumi and shit 4 etaje pe scari in jos. 
  ar fi in stare vecina aia . 
  i 'm sure you can find statistics on eastern european countries - gypsies used to be slaves , after all , and were subjected to exactly that . 
  it may not be `` first world '' , but the crime rate is still far lower . 
  there 's a lot of reasons the us has trump . 
  as the other person said ,, 
   maybe they made an honest mistake and over slept . 
  maybe they forgot to set an alarm . 
  maybe they did set an alarm , but it did n't ring for whatever reason ( like the battery dying overnight ) . 
  maybe it did ring , but the phone wound up under the pillow so she could n't hear it . 
  she should have apologised to you and was a shitty person for simply shrugging it off , but it could have just as well been an accident . 
  i was late for a meeting today because i forgot my phone in the bathroom and had to run back home for it . 
  being late is rarely a conscious decision you make , whether it 's because your culture expects it , you have issues that affect punctuality , are just particularly unlucky or bad at planning . 
  people want to be liked and fit in , if that person is otherwise nice to you and trying to be your friend there 's no reason to think she 's trying to intentionally screw you over over schedules . 
  edit : added the last paragraph . 
   legacy scholarship, 
  wait , what ? 
  is this actually a thing ? 
  that the most wealthy do n't even have to pay for college ? 
  laptops are great . 
  i work at the it department of a pretty big non-ukraine company that also got hit , shitstorm is underplaying it immensely . 
  i ca n't imagine what you have to go through at a fucking * bank * . 
  of the servers , sure . 
  you still have to replace like thousands of pcs . 
  i also work at one of the affected companies . 
  try being in the it department when this hits . 
  we also did that , and the entire multinational company is down anyway . 
  the work day is only just starting in the us . 
  if you work at the same company i do , they 'll be lucky if you can work this week . 
  in our company , thousand ( or tens of thousand , i do n't know the extent yet ) of computers were hit at the same time with no forewarning like a fileserver having issues . 
  i do n't think it was a phishing email , unless someone was opening it from a domain controller . 
  but i 'm a pretty low-level tech so i 'm not in on most of the emergency meetings at the moment . 
  you 're right . 
  we did have issues with individual branches getting headstrong over their `` backup pcs '' , literally devices they keep in a closet for months at a time , turning them on just long enough to prevent them from being purged from the domain . 
  it 's still suspicious how thousands or tens of thousand of devices were hit in like a 10 minute span , from unrelated locations that do n't share accesses . 
  i really want to see who will take the fall for this . 
  it 's a multinational , not really one specific country . 
  afaik western europe was hit most strongly , but we do n't have access to our emails and we have our hands full with our own corner of the company , so it 's hard to say . 
  i always thought that posture was hot in a guy . 
  sure it pushes the belly forward but it also creates a really sexy curve with the ass in the back . 
  depends on which bible translation you 're using . 
  futa do n't have balls , they have a vagina there too . 
  if it 's not both , it 's not a futa . 
  shemales ( dick , balls , no vagina ) are called `` newhalf '' . 
  huh , now i 'm curious why japan only ever produces trap and futa porn , but no newhalf stuff . 
  i think the costume looks really sexy on that guy ? 
  i thought it was `` scream until daddy stops hitting you '', 
  sort of weird that the first form of abuse people 's minds jumps to is sexual . 
  or maybe not . 
  your license gets taken away for the speeding you 've already done , not for the speeding you 're going to do . 
  imagine if you 're speeding and hit a dog , then get the sentence you 'd have gotten for hitting a person . 
  ofc killing cats is more serious , but 16 years is excessive . 
  that guy wo n't be rehabilitated by the time he leaves prison , the opposite . 
  what 's 16 years going to accomplish that 1-2 years wo n't ? 
  did n't john oliver or someone make a video on how parole boards do n't actually prevent crime ? 
  that happened to me too once , but without the toxic shock syndrome . 
  i only noticed later because of the string . 
  tampons are pretty small , if you 're put it in properly you do n't feel it anymore . 
  if you 're still feeling it , its depth is too shallow - at least , that 's what my box says . 
  haha i was wondering about that too, 
  two tampons on top of each other is about the length of a finger , and my finger definitely does n't reach up to my cervix . 
  romania does too , maybe it 's an eastern europe thing . 
  my grandfather , great-grandfather and my uncle all have the same name as well ( jancsi , janos , jani respectively ) , although my uncle uses his middle name . 
  which also gets confusing because his middle name is the same as my dad 's first name . 
  uhh no . 
  it 's true but my point was that you misunderstood how points work . 
  they are n't preventive , they punish something illegal that you 've already done . 
  the ones where you ca n't read the text correctly because of fucky formatting are funnier than the classic do n't dead open insides . 
  that 's probably why . 
  are people not allowed to not like hiphop ? 
  any music you do n't like sounds shitty to you . 
  there is no objective `` this is good music '' . 
  i 'd get it for the vita , but ca n't unless i want to lose henkaku . 
  still have n't decided between laptop and ps4 though . 
  i 'm not sure my great-grandparents were very happy to `` donate '' their 2 horses and couple of parcels of land to the government . 
  socialism is one thing , full-blown communism is n't usually something the people choose for themselves . 
  communism was instated by an elite though , not by workers . 
  workers were the ones who shot our communist dictator . 
  while it was technically the army who shot him , the regular workers were the ones fighting the revolution that caused him to get shot . 
  i got into an argument about this with someone two days ago , he said he saw some documentary ` proving ' that coke zero had more sugar than regular coke .
