  about the dungeons , well , it was the same city and you were walking through similar locations . 
  i enjoyed the familiarity , i enjoyed that new ` paths ' would open in the dungeons all the time ( so they became fun to explore ) , and i especially enjoyed that they were short . 
  it might sound strange coming from someone who loves smt , but i hated da :o 's long dungeons that never seemed to end . 
  the only one i enjoyed was the deep roads , which ( unlike the others ) felt far too short . 
  i never played mass effect or baldur 's gate , neither are really my thing . 
  what about putting some black tape over the cameras instead of messing around in it ? 
  or paint ? 
  not quite . 
  farmers will have more difficulty selling their goods , yes , but they 'll actually get more money for it . 
  the state literally pays farmers in pennies , so anything they sell at a market is like 500 % more expensive . 
  it 's just that they have to transport their food there in the first place and have no guarantee they can sell everything . 
  there 's also the fact that food was more expensive than in any of our neighbouring countries , despite the abundant harvests . 
  edit : apparently , only 0.08 % of our exports go to russia ( [ source in romanian ] ( http://www.business24.ro/macroeconomie/stiri-macroeconomie/expunerea-economiei-romanesti-pe-relatia-cu-rusia-1548364 ) ) and this is predicted to lower our rate of inflation . 
  romania will not be noticeably affected by this . 
  our exports to russia amount to about 0.08 % and we only import about 15 % gas - furthermore , the sanctions are expected to lower our rate of inflation . 
  feels good not to be screwed over for once . 
  b-but what about the third time ? 
  the ww2 era soviet army did n't include moldova . 
  `` moldova '' did n't even exist as a national identity until after wwii , it was just a region , generally belonging to romania . 
  the modern country of moldova is roughly half of the region , the rest of it is still in romania . 
  there were no `` moldovans '' to serve in that army , they were romanians . 
  executive !, 
  edit : i 'm so sorry , downvoting myself . 
  i do n't really see how downloading an illegal copy of something you already own hurts anybody , so more power to you . 
  i 'm curious about this too . 
  i want to play some fan-translated ds games , but i 'm hesitant to buy a flashcart for it . 
  i ca n't wait to pay us prices for games . 
   there are as bad or worse people on the streets [ than is militants ], 
  britain sure has some dangerous streets . 
  i do n't know , the people where i work are convinced that smoking does n't cause cancer , because they all know some guy who smoked for 50 years etc. 
  nothing i 'm interested in buying right now , thank god . 
  i already spent the money i was saving for fantasy life last week on animal crossing . 
  why do they make these discounts so soon to the major game launches d : there was barely anything interesting on sale all summer . 
  meh , my dad has three kids from two women , he lived with neither . 
  i have a sister from my mother 's side ( her second `` together forever '' relationship ) , and she 's in the same boat . 
  i also know other people who grew up with absentee fathers . 
  and some people with absentee mothers , usually because the dad left , refuses to pay childcare , and the mom had to leave the country to earn some money for the kid . 
  sometimes it 's hard to believe that men are n't swines , but i try ... 
  edit : of course i get downvoted ... but when people talk about their experiences with bad mothers , they get hundred upvotes . 
  i mean `` it 's hard to believe they 're not given my experiences , but i 'm trying to think they 're not '' . 
  i guess some of the stuff i read here does n't help either , although i could have phrased that better . 
  actually , this sounds like a pretty good idea . 
  ... well , not the smear across the face bit . 
  but using golden retriever poop to defend yourself ? 
  genius . 
  not all of 4chan is / v / ( or / b / or / pol / ) . 
  the smt threads of / vg / have always been fun . 
  possibly the same things conan from detective conan read , so sherlock holmes and edogawa ranpo . 
  easiest ( i 've played ) : p2 : is - i literally auto-battled through the entire game . 
  the only problematic enemies were those magicians that reflected too many things ( aleisters ? 
  ) , but it was easy enough to run away from them . 
  hardest ( i 've played ) : smti - not so much because of the battles , but those dungeons with that ridiculously inefficient map - hell , the first shopping centre was a maze . 
  i never finished this game . 
  about the other games , i still think p3 : fes was harder than nocturne . 
  because you could n't control your teammates , setting up an efficient strategy was more of a challenge . 
  [ this overview of the japanese user reviews of the game was super helpful . 
  ] ( http://gematsu.com/2014/08/outside-persona-q-user-reviews-edition ), 
  i kept hearing about persona , from around the time they aired trinity soul . 
  the reviews were all incredibly positive , but i was n't much into gaming . 
  but i kept seeing it mentioned around the web , so i gave in ... and tried persona 1 ( because , let 's start with the first game in the series ! ) . 
  ... i was n't impressed . 
  a few months later i read somewhere that the games were n't really related , and persona 3 is the best place to start . 
  so i downloaded p3p to my emulator - it was glitchy , the sound was iffy , but it was playable , and my standards for playable were very low back then . 
  it started out nice enough , but fucking hell tartarus was a terrible dungeon for a newbie gamer and the visual novel style was incredibly boring . 
  the fact that they narrated huge bits of exposition over pictures of empty rooms made it seem incredibly dry . 
  i dropped it in december . 
  in hindsight , i should have downloaded p3 fes , despite the online advice . 
  a year later , they announced the persona 4 anime - i was active on / a / and there were huge very fun persona threads . 
  it was a great time to try that game , and persona 4 did everything right for me . 
  the storytelling , the short dungeons and the more immersive graphics pulled me in and made me a fan . 
  the people on / a / were also praising nocturne to high heavens , so i started that after finishing persona 4 . 
  i became a fan of the series after that , and it 's still my favorite game today . 
  ... i really should buy it one of these days . 
  ( i 've bought all the smt games i 've played recently though ! ), 
  hmm , i have n't visited lately , but the last time i was there those kind of posts were limited to the persona general . 
  ... but there * were * a lot of posts with `` flynn is my waifu '' and pictures of him dressed as a girl . 
  ^ admittedly , ^ he 's ^ very ^ cute ^ in ^ a ^ skirt ^ and ^ i ^ have n't ^ even ^ played ^ the ^ game . 
  what everyone else said , plus the japanese staff still calls the series just megaten . 
  yeah , but who knows when acnl will be on discount on the eshop again d :, 
  would n't it basically be l ? 
  you can facebook game from a pc too , y' know, 
  do the elderly play a lot of online bingo ? 
  those are still games , and people play them for hours . 
  sure , there are different * types * of gamers - people who mainly play mmos , local multiplayers , sports or racing games , single player rpgs , jrpgs etc, 
  a jrpg fan is as different from the farmville fan as from the fifa 2014 fan . 
  for most kinds of games we 're not ` allowed ' to call one genre better than the other tho, 
  how would you narrow it down though ? 
  exclude mobile and browser games ? 
  but that removes a lot of mmos too . 
  and there are a lot of mobile games i 'm sure you 'd classify as `` gamer '' games , like shin megami tensei i ios port . 
  i 'm curious about this topic too . 
  i like brussels sprouts , broccoli and spinach , but i hate 90 % of the rest of the vegetables . 
  they taste like random leaves at best ( salads ) , and vomit at worst ( eggplants ) , but mostly like chewing aspirin . 
  edit : it gets better with time though , as my taste buds become duller . 
  `` console gamer '' is still lumping together mario kart , nba live 14 , dark souls , kingdom hearts and tappingo . 
  mobile games still includes - well , i 'm not sure , i 'm not a fan of the platform , but it has a lot of ports from regular handhelds , and i 'm sure you can find a lot of other serious games . 
  and are n't there in-browser mmos that cater to a different market than farmville and neopets ? 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  i 've definitely eaten , say , carrots more than 15-20 times , but i still hate them . 
  or coffee for that matter , i drink it nearly every morning , but it still tastes vile .
