  devil survivor 2 is light-hearted and has a very simple social link type system , it 's by far the closest in tone to p3 and 4 in the entire smt frachise . 
  the gameplay is different ( it 's an srpg like fire emblem ) , but it still has fusion and the abilities you 're familiar with . 
  smt4 is very different though in everything but gameplay . 
  it 's not a character focused game , quite the opposite - you barely know your team-members , nevermind the side-characters . 
  it does n't try to hold your hand in either story or gameplay - it 's up to you to do the missions and talk to everybody to get invested in the world . 
  it shines when it comes to atmosphere , but it 's far from what you 're looking for . 
  spoilers ? 
  a 3ds port of the first devil summoner game would be really cool . 
  i own it . 
  i regret owning it . 
  i did n't own it for a long time because i could afford at most 1 game/month , and bd was slow to climb up on that list . 
  it 's pretty much always on sale for nearly nothing . 
  pretty much this . 
  i 'm not even sure how much of it is flirting , you basically just play blackjack against an anime girl . 
  i bought it during one of its frequent sales , but there 's nothing more to it than blackjack . 
  i 've only played it for an hour or so . 
  rest of europe too , afaik . 
  also another red/black bug , but i do n't know what they 're called . 
  that looks like a finger holy shit that thing is big enough to eat fingers, 
  ironhax ca n't launch ds or 3ds roms, 
  ironhax may be able to launch a homebrew emulator , but it 's only for really old games . 
  gba games , afaik , run terribly on the emulator on the 3ds and are not worth it . 
  homebrew is basically the same as unsigned apps . 
  firefox is homebrew in everything but name , because we do n't call pc programs homebrew . 
   emulation of gba, 
  very slow , very buggy gba emulation . 
  that 's great . 
  all i really want is fire emblem . 
  i do n't think japan has the same stereotypes the us does . 
  i remember watching dbz as a kid on german tv ( i 'm from romania though ) and it never crossed my mind that popo is supposed to be a black guy , or even human . 
  i do n't think the racially and culturally somewhat isolated japanese people would make the connection anymore than i did . 
  does it really count if his master is literally god ? 
  she almost always sounds awkward in english . 
  but , most p4 songs are in english i guess . 
  i know , i just do n't think that extends to knowing about and knowingly using american cultural stereotypes . 
  well , they might now , but that character was written sometime in the late 80s or early 90s . 
  what ? 
  her voice is superimposed over the regular song yes , but ia is a vocaloid . 
  kugimiya rie has a good singing voice though :, 
  she has range , although she 's usually typecasted . 
  i really liked her as rise though . 
  beautiful !, 
  i 'm so looking forward to the pictures people will post and the unboxing videos and admiring it from over the ocean because europe fucking never as usual and the region-free hack is unreliable because nintendo . 
  i 've never seen any of the etrian games on sale , ever . 
  you have to be trolling . 
  do n't forget to send them a tweet about europe from time to time , to remind them we exist . 
   almost all atlus games are like this, 
  in the us only though . 
  i wish i bought a gateway with my 3ds so i would n't have to deal with this bullshit envy now . 
  sulphur - yeah , that 's actually a pretty good description of the smell . 
  sulphur , but sweeter and more earthy . 
  i 'm not a brit haha but i did n't even notice i spelled it differently, 
  i do bend over backwards to get away from dem eggplants . 
  then ... do n't store them on the sd card ? 
  does n't the 3ds have some internal memory ? 
  vc games are n't that big ,, 
  i have n't pirated a single game since i started earning a wage . 
  well , that 's not strictly true . 
  i 've downloaded several games out of habit , but i have n't played any of them and in the three cases where i did end up playing them , i deleted the pirated copy and bought a legit one beforehand . 
  a good example is ff type 0 . 
  i have the fantranslation and i 'm sure it 's superior to the official translation , and i wanted to play it , but i decided not to when i heard that there 's a pc version coming to steam . 
  or from my phone for that matter, 
  what about the bread ? 
  that 's so odd . 
  even the bakeries in supermarkets have the smell of fresh bread here ( plus , the bread there is usually very cheap ) . 
  is it true that us bread tastes very sweet compared to european bread ? 
  you do n't like a round , flat dough baked in the oven with the toppings of your choice and no toppings you do n't like ? 
  so you do n't like bread and things like bread ? 
  fair enough . 
  that 's either a very , very small melon or very big everything else . 
  i also do this ( walking several km every day and up a lot of stairs , and the stairs several times because i have a dog ) and i 'm still severely overweight because that 's still not enough exercise . 
  a pill like this would be heavenly . 
  i do n't have any control over the kitchen so long as i live with my grandmother . 
  moving out has its own set of problems , and i do n't have the willpower to refuse her fantastic ( but extremely heavy ) cooking . 
  demi-kids was made after pokemon . 
  yes , buy it for # 9 . 
  even if you do n't like it , it 's still a steal at that price - and who knows , you might get into the franchise . 
  yeah , it 's like that . 
  the entire game relies on having good demons , so much that i messed up the stats of my player character and it did n't matter . 
  ( tip : do n't put points into str , it barely does anything , put it in dex if you want a physical attacker ), 
  the overworld gets pretty confusing after you finish the first dungeon , but there 's a map somewhere online that helps . 
  same here . 
  i was n't sure which i would get , since i picked both law and chaos options during my playthrough ( my flynn was merciful and pro-freedom ) and i ended up getting the neutral route . 
  so you think that someone who sneaks into a movie theater should get a 10 year jail sentence ? 
  all of them ? 
  except idols . 
  the dating sim mechanic of fea is really limited . 
  each support rank is just a very , very brief conversation that you can skip . 
  it 's even less involved than desu2 's fate system . 
  the complaints against it are far overblown . 
  tomberon . 
  the characters actually get a lot of development if you go through all their supports , but it 's a bit tedious . 
  a genuine goatkin !, 
  everyone 's list would be different , just like today . 
  mine three heh, 
  the download numbers for this movie must be spiking now . 
  i thought a transvestite is just another word for a crossdresser , and transgender means ... well , transgender . 
  did i understand it wrong ? 
   pre op transgender person, 
  what if the person is just a guy who likes to crossdress , like conchita wurst ?
