  + dlc for fanservice , gameplay thingies and more story, 
  + there are references to previous games in the franchise , but you do n't need to play them, 
  + in terms of presence in other games , there are fire emblem amiibos , playables in smash bros , two of awakening 's characters will be in project x zone 2 , and there 's #fe coming out soon too, 
  + there is a new fire emblem coming out early 2016 - the stories are unrelated , but there are some common characters and references . 
  both games :, 
  + several difficulties depending on the challenge you want, 
  + dual-audio, 
  + neither is a sequel to anything, 
  + neither game is likely to have much of a price-drop soon, 
  + neither of them has any sort of online multiplayer, 
  + both of them use spotpass though , so you might want wifi, 
  check out the recommendations in the sidebar . 
  the pokemon series was inspired by the early shin megami tensei games , so smtiv could be nice . 
  they do , but there 's no promo going on right now . 
  club nintendo and its stars catalogue will be closing in a few days though , so if you have a club nintendo code you could cash it in right now . 
  one 3ds is 750 stars ... which nets you a theme , or one of two games : aura aura climber or paper planes . 
  you could also not register it and just wait for whatever they will replace club nintendo with . 
  sounds like you need a stability update !, 
  aside from those , transgender does n't cover intersex and genderfluid . 
  `` other '' really is the best choice . 
  that 's fine !, 
  you should n't delete it , i 'm curious about the results too . 
  edited !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not aware what it is about either . 
  but if i had triggers , or a child with triggers , i 'd make myself aware of it before going to watch it , and i 'd avoid movies and plays i had n't researched beforehand . 
  it is , and i would n't say all the media . 
  but if they buy an expensive broadway ticket , i do expect them to research * that * . 
  as well as movies if they go to the cinema . 
  how often do you really go to the cinema/theatre ? 
  it usually would n't mean researching the contents of more than 4 shows a month . 
  well ... titus andronicus is one thing i would n't expect people who get triggered by violence to ever want to go to . 
  it 's famously extremely gory . 
  museums aside , since nobody picks museums by throwing darts at a map and not knowing what it 's a museum * of * , it does n't take more than ten minutes to read a plot summary of a movie or play on wikipedia . 
  going to the theatre and cinema several times a week is excessive though . 
  if they consider it too * burdensome * to make sure that there 's nothing that will trigger their kid ( let 's forget about the audience for a moment , this sort of thing is a lot more unpleasant for the person being triggered ) , then maybe they should lighten their schedule by going to only 2 plays or movies a week or something ... 
  ~ ~ i 'd give you a delta if this was changemyview , because you just changed my view on this subject . 
  i really did think saudi arabia was n't taking refugees . ~ ~ welp, 
  body of the left with the face of the right . 
   connecting the fate of the aunt to being fat, 
  what do you mean ? 
  this comment reminded me that there were a lot of distinctly thin to skeletal characters that were evil too : petunia , voldemort , bellatrix . 
  villains that were not described as particularly thin or fat were rarer . 
  \u00bf how is she planning to drink out of that cup she 's holding ? 
  i was thinking of petunia for some reason . 
  for evil attractive people , how about the malfoys ? 
  although their name already gives them away , so yes you 're right about it . 
  kaito something . 
  you know because he 's a kaito * so clever *, 
  just a reminder that this is a play with a whipping scene in it . 
  non-autistic children react badly to that sort of thing , nevermind children with actual triggers . 
  it was entirely expected . 
  they took the kid to a play with a graphic whipping scene . 
  the plot summary on wikipedia says it has a whipping scene . 
  it 's also 3 hours long . 
  it 's * not * the sort of show you trial somebody on . 
  that article is nonsense . 
  harry potter is written in third person limited and the `` narrator '' narrates precisely what harry potter thinks , feels and perceives and nothing of what anybody else thinks , feels or perceives , unless harry is directly witnessing it . 
  it 's safe to say harry himself is the narrator . 
  at no point is the narrator omniescent . 
  holy shit that 's a lot of apologies . 
  the most recent apology to korea seems to have been in 2010 . 
  yes , but those scenes are exceptions . 
  they 're not part of the regular narration , and they 're not referenced in regular narration ( only in dialogue from other characters ) . 
  they 're also only ever at the beginning of the books , and never between chapters of regular narration . 
  since you 'll be playing games so many hours , you 'll probably want some diversity :, 
  * final fantasy theatrythm curtain call , a very fun rhythm game based on relaxing final fantasy music, 
  * a puzzle visual novel , the ace attorney trilogy or 999 and virtue 's last reward, 
  * etrian odyssey iv , a dungeon crawler focused on exploration, 
  * rune factory 4 , this game honestly has a bit of everything . 
  it 's an action rpg with crafting , farming and dating . 
  * alternatively , if you already have the action rpg covered by a monster hunter , there 's also story of seasons . 
  is n't ron described as tall and lanky ? 
  and sirius as very handsome in his youth ( yes , yes , i know ) , and really thin out of azkaban ? 
  i 'm pretty sure harry in particular was described as bony . 
  it could work for hermione though , or even ginny . 
  then it 's not a solution to adblock though . 
  if ads become more targetted , that would likely creep a lot of people out and push them into using not only ablock , but also ghostery and other extensions like it . 
  i started using ghostery when ads started getting too close for comfort . 
  regarding more entertaining ads , what most of us using adblock want is for the ads to not be * intrusive * and/or * distracting * . 
  targetted , entertaining ads would be exactly that . 
  the trade-off to being less-noticeable is exactly that ... but i know that the websites i willingly turn adblock off for are the ones with subtle banners that fit the design of the website , maybe even have their own `` sponsored ad '' box . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7c/d9/97/7cd997609209bdde4535111c8cf814c5.jpg ), 
   `` that 's a direct detection of water in the form of hydration of salts , '' dr. mcewen said . 
  `` there pretty much has to have been liquid water recently present to produce the hydrated salt . '' by `` recently , '' dr. mcewen said he meant `` days , something of that order . '', 
  to keep this fair , she was n't murdered * because * of her atheism - she was murdered by a fellow coworker in her atheist organization who was stealing funds . 
  the crime had nothing to do with religion . 
   he gave up everything for you . 
  the guy came back to life . 
  he also knew 100 % for certain that there was eternal life , so that sacrifice - well ... 
  atheism just means no gods . 
  it does n't say anything about ghosts or fairies or unicorns . 
  it would take one hell of a cognitive dissonance though . 
  shinto has thousands of gods - starting from izanagi and izanami who created japan . 
  i 'd be hyped for a proper remake , without budget issues . 
  they 're quick and reliable in my experience , especially if you do n't live in the uk . 
  ymmv ? 
  i love everything about it . 
  it has just the right balance of everything - if i get tired of farming , i go dungeoning or fishing . 
  and it leaves a little bit of space for nice moments - like when arthur showed up in a pair of sunglasses to save the day to steer that ship in arc 2 , that was awesome .
