  a lot of the time this meant going back to grind . 
  and i died a lot . 
  because you did n't control your teammates , you had to pick up the slack for healing and damage as well . 
   almost all bosses have no weakness , so all strategy comes down to `` hit hard , do n't die '' . 
  a boss with a weakness is an easy boss . 
  persona 4 , maybe . 
  not as much as the anime misses . 
  normally i 'd agree , but i honestly do n't the p4 adaptation ( the original one ) is good . 
  i dislike pretty much anything the director seiji kishi does though . 
  he also ruined the danganronpa anime . 
  ah , just two things - you ca n't emulate the vita game , but you wo n't miss anything if you play the ps2 game and the watch the golden anime . 
  and i 'm not sure whether you can emulate the psp rom directly from a disc ( you might still need to download a pirated rom , even if you buy it ) , but p3fes should be fine . 
  maine trololol, 
  that \u00b4 s amazing to know , thank you !, 
  i literally went in with the team i had just defeated sun wukong with , without even bothering to go back to heal my mp ( i still had about half on everyone ) , just intending to stake it out . 
  it just so happens that minotaur and sun wukong had exactly the same weakness . 
  flynn and fortuna had sukukaja , jack frost and hua po had ice . 
  i finished the fight and was still ok to continue exploring until the nearby terminal . 
  medusa 's fight was harder though , it actually took two tries to get her . 
  ... what this game needs is a hard mode . 
  ... and persona 3 fes on hard mode was still harder . 
  it does sound amazing !, 
  can you use ps now and remote play without owning a ps3 or a ps4 ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll buy one , once i manage to save enough money ( what 's with all these 3ds games releasing all at the same time d , 
  i do n't think it is ? 
  both minotaur and medusa as well as the various optional bosses ( i fought them as soon as they became available ) were missing me constantly . 
  when i was low on health it was more reliable to cast another round of sukukajas than a rakukaja . 
  matador did n't have a weakness in nocturne , what are you talking about ? 
  about ouroboros , i do n't know . 
  i have n't played strange journey ( it 's always out of stock when i look for it / have money for it ) , but weaknesses are incredibly exploitable in smt4 , moreso than in any other atlus game i 've played . 
  emulators are the best option even with playstation consoles . 
  set the internal resolution to a high value and enjoy glorious hd on all the games you think look dated . 
  what do you need money for early on ? 
  the first smt game i tried was persona 1 , which made me drop the entire series like it was a hot potato for about a year . 
  the second was p3p which put me off persona games * again * . 
  the starting point for both persona and smt should be persona 4 , imho , or , failing that , digital devil saga . 
  persona 4 is also one of the easier games in the series , despite the stupid hard early bosses . 
  ( i played p3 fes later and enjoyed it immensely . 
  the sprites during story scenes , the full-screen dungeon and the faster combat really made a huge difference for me . ), 
  i did n't knpw , but i 'll check later . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  although there seems to have been a difficulty spike in tokyo . 
  suddenly everything is several levels stronger than me , heh . 
  or maybe i just got lost . 
  yea , de asta l-am salvat si eu . 
  put the disc in your pc and emulate it . 
  are you turning the streetpass off ? 
  fuck you, 
  depends on how the votes are counted . 
  if they are weighted , probably not . 
  but cold food is n't less tasty , only different . 
  otherwise people would n't like ice-cream . 
  i think it is . 
  just replay it on easy mode , it 'll go quick . 
  pe de alta parte , ea din start a fost anti-ponta . 
  dap , bunica mea e awesome . 
  alea nu tot de romania tin ? 
  ... era argument ? 
  so stop . 
  edit : m-am razgandit . 
  `` tuti pastele matii '' , or just `` pastele matii '' ( your mom 's easter ) is pretty much the equivalent of `` fucking hell '' around where i live . 
  casual swearing is also very common . 
  the worst imho is anything that involves `` pula '' or dick , the word is considered very vulgar and very low-class . 
  that 's a new one . 
  also new . 
  and odd because it does n't even sound insulting . 
  no , never . 
  am priceput . 
  in conditiile in care educatia e obligatorie , da . 
  wow . 
  grav ? 
  thanks . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  `` klaus and carmen iohannis we lived with them for three months . 
  they allowed us to stay with them . 
  the grandmother had already signed for them and was all happy they were leaving ... 
  but then she heard a story about , that was about 3 weeks later , she heard a story that americans are paying $ 20.000 for children . 
  she decided that if i do n't give her some money for the stove and money , i think it was 500 american dollars and something , that she wo n't come to court . 
  we had to go to court then after , because of this new law , but she said she 's not gon na come . 
  she finally went , cause i said ` i 'll give you the money for that if you go ' . 
  so she went , and then i. . . 
  i kinda threw the money at her . 
  i think it was about $ 500 ? '', 
  ... d : wow, 
  you 're grasping straws . 
  til the us has urban places without sewers . 
  nu putem copia legile din germania si gata ? 
  suna mai bine in context . 
  go to hateg or sighisoara , and then to cluj . 
  edit : multam !, 
  i did n't know that sort of thing was happening in constanta . 
  i recommend visiting other cities , like cluj or timisoara . 
  i ca n't vouch for cluj , but timisoara gets a lot of foreign visitors and exchange students . 
  i 've seen black people and muslims , and there are students in varying shades of brown , so i do n't expect anything like that to happen . 
  ponta, 
  tariceanu, 
  nastase, 
  iohannis is an ethnic german protestant in a very nationalistic and religiously orthodox country . 
  he was not a favourite for the elections , not at all .
