  that 's probably for the best . 
  just as advice , yamato has pretty shitty stats , so do n't rely on him too much . 
  give bunny and fumi your elec dance and fire dance ( it does n't matter which ) and demons that make them faster and extend their range . 
  they 'll be your damage dealers . 
  the others can stay behind and deal with whatever . 
  speed is important , you can kill benetnasch really fast , just make sure to get beside it asap . 
  keita is awesome with multistrike , but bad with deathbound ( because of his high agi ) . 
  you might also want to fuse a megami , or at least a fairy . 
  they would n't be translating it if they did n't have plans to publish , so if this is legit then it 's the best possible news . 
  i totally forgot about that . 
  then use yamato and bunny to attack , because they should have better vit than fumi and keita . 
  and you really need some better demons ... 
  they 're not `` forced '' to do that ... most games are only released in english . 
  then do n't bother with the voice acting . 
  virtue 's last reward ( in the eu version at least ) only had the jp dub track , and that was perfectly fine . 
  i spent over 100 hours on devil survivor overclocked , so the replay value is no joke . 
  the voice-over is also very good . 
  it grates at first , but the voices grow on you / get better as you play . 
  `` every single one '' ? 
  devil survivor overclocked and soul hackers are n't . 
  kingdom hearts 3d is only english , german and french . 
  project x zone is en only . 
  eo : u as well . 
  and these are just games i happen to have on my shelf and can check . 
  there 's no difference in making one or five translations , since they 're done in parallel . 
  their original reasons for not releasing japanese voiced games in the west was to prevent reverse importing . 
  i do n't understand why they are still continuing the practice . 
  * and in europe, 
  huh , it 's one of my favourite games on the system . 
  but then again , i 'm a fan of the series and love the world and the characters . 
  well , it 's not really a mistake , since i did n't purchase it , but mario in 3d land is really not my kind of game . 
  it 's tedious and annoying with how it resets to the beginning of the level . 
  i hated platformers when i was kid too , but i did n't exactly have anything else to play . 
  i 'm sure i 'll regret not saving my console code once a new promotion rolls around . 
  from the games i actually paid for , the starship damrey . 
  it started out nice enough , but it turned into a terrible hallway walking simulator . 
  i also regret not buying a physical copy of virtue 's last reward . 
  i finished it and it 's just taking up space on my sd card , since it has pretty much zero replay value . 
  it would have at least looked nice on my shelf . 
  uhh , i played all the routes . 
  by ` finishing ' the game i meant ... you know , actually finishing its main plot . 
  of course capcom does a sale the same month as two major releases ... 
  conception ii and eo : u. 
  well , better luck next time . 
  things you lose if you buy digital :, 
  1 ) the resale value + being able to lend games to friends, 
  2 ) the case + coverart . 
  some of us like having games on our shelves . 
  3 ) any booklets which might be included, 
  4 ) any bonuses which might be included with the regular edition ( osts , posters , ar cards , etc ), 
  in return for ( advantages of digital ) :, 
  1 ) you do n't have to carry the carts around ? 
  2 ) you get it faster ( this is moot anywhere with one-day shipping ), 
  3 ) you wo n't lose the game, 
  : physical    digital, 
  i just hope it 'll be better than project x zone, 
  what are you in the mood for ? 
  these are very , very different games . 
  if you 're planning on buying persona q when it comes out , it might be a good idea to start with eo : u now to get used to the game style ( and they 'll probably include references ) . 
  if you 've been wanting another animal crossing type neverending game , go with tomodachi life . 
  mario golf ... is mario golf . 
  vita + p4g , because i already have a 3ds xl and do n't really want to actually buy a vita myself, 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  i 'm not interested in collecting , but as far as i 'm concerned digital means less stuff for more money . 
  and not everyone has unlimited bandwidth , you know . 
  and i only mentioned them because you mentioned not having to carry carts around and the shipping , which are both equally silly points . 
  the carts are small and shipping is fast these days . 
  in many cases ( depending on where you live ) you 'd get the game by post faster than you 'd download it . 
  i received my dr kawashima 's brain training games with digital codes . 
  can i use them ? 
  can i sell them ? 
  what would they be worth ? 
  devil survivor overclocked can also take well over 100 hours , since all the endings have hours of unique gameplay and story and are really worth exploring . 
  indeed , to each their own . 
  maybe one day you 'll realise that the entire world does n't have the exact same conditions as wherever you live . 
  2 of the 3 things i listed are 100 % irrelevant , what are you talking about ? 
  while 4 of those 5 things are very important when it comes to paying money ( more vs less ) . 
  the only point with relative low relevance is the last one , but even that depends on where you are . 
  look , you have two versions of the same product : one of them might contains various bonuses , includes coverart , has actual resale value , and * is cheaper * . 
  yet you pick the more expensive product ( which includes none of those things ) ? 
  why ? 
  because you ca n't stand waiting one more day to play it ? 
  i 'm not saying digital = always bad . 
  i 'll buy digital if there 's a good sale , because my money is more important than actually owning the game . 
  but you wo n't find me paying 10 pounds more for less product - i 'd rather invest those 10 pounds in a new game !, 
  if it helps , kh3 will be the direct continuation of ddd , and since it 's not included in kh 2.5 playing it on the 3ds is kinda required . 
  yes , but they ca n't run games yet . 
  well , the ps3 one can run one game , but it barely counts . 
  i never noticed any frame-drops , but i do n't have any of the games mentioned in this thread . 
   currently , boxed games can only be shipped to destinations within spain , italy , sweden , norway , denmark , finland and iceland . 
  please remove any boxed games to continue with your purchase . 
  whyyyy, 
  i just remembered that i only get my paycheck in 10 days . 
  damn . 
  i hate having to hope that interest in a game i like is low . 
  would n't that be the ` limited ' edition ? 
  you can still collect things that are not limited , but limited editions are so by definition . 
  ... but semantics . 
  it 's not like i 'd be any happier about the 2000 game limit if they switched the names . 
  is n't this completely against the spirit of the ip law ?
