  i mean , i 'm not against natsume experimenting and the name might belong to them , but they did n't create the other harvest moon games . 
  the game the original creators are making has to do with a new title while a completely different company profits from the success of the previous games . 
  i am going to be interested in the game , but it seems kinda unfair . 
  if it 's anything like the sims , \u221e hours . 
  i 'm still playing sims 2 . 
  it does , because marketing . 
  i imagine squeenix would throw a fit if a company here started a final fantasy game and forced them to use a different name ( except in japan ) , on a technicality . 
  the only reason they can do this is because they used a different name . 
  lord of the rings is called herr der ringe in germany . 
  does that mean that the german publishers should be allowed to sell other herr der ringe books , because they own the translation of the name ? 
  as i said , a technicality and against the spirit of the law . 
  still , best of luck to natsume . 
  hope they live up to the name . 
  do you really think they expressly agreed to this ? 
  look , i 'm just saying it 's unfair to the original creators . 
  especially the part where they ca n't use the harvest moon name anymore . 
  if anything , that is the thing that irks me . 
  company a makes game called a , advertised by another company b across the world as b. 
  i.e. , a = b, 
  a dozen or so games later company b decides they are going to use the name b to make their own game - `` it 's the next b game , you know like the other b games but better ! '', 
  and tell company a , the original creators of all of their b games , to suck it . 
  i give up . 
  i really ca n't explain it any simpler . 
  emulate it then . 
  you can emulate games from an original disk , and emulators have `` save states '' ( meaning you can save anywhere , anytime - kinda cheaty , but useful ) . 
  btw , emulate the ps2 version and play p3p afterwards for the best experience . 
  if you get frustrated with dungeon crawling , you could try playing p4 first . 
  you 'd rather have p4g and dan than smtiv and pq ? 
  well , it comes down to tastes . 
  i suppose . 
  ; _ ; and we 'll never get it in europe, 
  hope they hurry up with the hacking so i can illegally pirate it instead  _ , 
  what a weird transliteration . 
  i prefer the more popular / phonetic one ( natsume kabushikigaisha ) . 
  just a heads up , nocturne is twice as long as dds . 
  even longer if you play hard mode , since you 'll be killed constantly . 
  i 'm really tempted to watch this , but i better not ... 
  i want to experience it the first time when we get it in two years or so . 
  besides , gameplay footage never does 3ds games justice . 
  yeah , i thought so too . 
  that fluttery thing that looks like long hair is probably his scarf . 
  na q4 2014, 
  dds is pretty easy , yes . 
  nocturne is n't that bad , you just have to grind around save points you stop dying . 
  and buff/debuff . 
  a lot of people got into megaten by playing p4 ( and p3 ) and then nocturne . 
  hard mode on nocturne really is hard though . 
  fes -  p3p is usually the recommended route . 
  the screen in fes is bigger ( since it 's console ) , so tartarus is more immersive . 
  the gameplay is balanced . 
  the 3d environments help tell the story in a way the vn style just ca n't . 
  but is it worth it now ? 
  probably not . 
  first , do n't use yukari for this fight . 
  sub her in for junpei . 
  you can buy an accessory that raises you hp by 20 % or so , equip that to everyone . 
  according to the walkthrough , sleeping table does around 300 damage with megidola , so make sure everyone has slightly more than 300 hp . 
  20 % of 300 is 60 , so your grind goal is 240hp for everyone ( or 270 for the 10 % rings ) . 
  make sure you have a decent healing skill ( mediarama ) , plenty of healing items and some revival ones ( in case a hamaon connects ) . 
  that 's about it . 
  now you just have to kill it . 
  i do n't think you can finish it in a weekend . 
  well , unless you do n't sleep . 
  i recommend the website camelcamelcamel to track amazon prices , so you know whether you 're getting a good deal . 
  you can set your own 3ds ( or phone if you do n't have one yet ) to french or spanish and see if that bothers you . 
  so yeah , probably . 
  and it only ships to 7 countries in europe :(, 
  what kind of games do you usually like ? 
  did you play nintendo games as a kid ? 
  the 3ds has many quality games that offer hundreds of hours of entertainment , but a lot of it depends on your tastes . 
  thank you for the repost , i really hope it makes it . 
  it 's sooooo close . 
  then you might like the various mario games ( 3d land , mario kart 7 , dreamteam ) , pokemon x/y and the two zelda games . 
  there 's also smash bros coming out soon . 
  if you like jrpgs , there 's also so many good games on this console . 
  oh , and make sure to download the demos for bravely default and fire emblem awakening , two of the best games on the system . 
  it 's on 176k now !, 
  if you liked persona 4 , then you should definitely check out shin megami tensei iv and devil survivor overclocked ( soul hackers too if you do n't mind that it 's somewhat dated ) . 
  from the smt series , devil survivor overclocked and devil survivor 2 ( which is getting a 3ds upgrade ) are the most similar to the persona branch . 
  persona q is also coming out later this year ( though it 's a good idea to play persona 3 first ) . 
  oh my god , i 'm so glad i held off from buying them for the ds . 
  and ... is one of the prosecutors holding a whip ? 
  the trailer has pegi on it , so probably . 
  i 'd worry more about na imho, 
  funded !!, 
  ca n't say i noticed . 
  i played p3p first , dropped it , then played fes two years later and loved it to bits . 
  then i played p3p again for the femc slinks and it was better . 
  persona 3 or 4 are both fine to start , although i personally recommend playing p4 first , the dungeons are more pleasant . 
  i recommend the p4 golden if you have a vita . 
  i also think p3fes is better than p3p ( although you should play both because p3p has a femc route with different slinks ) . 
  you ca n't control your teammates in fes , but this just adds another layer of strategy . 
  persona 1 and 2 are kinda dated and atlus seems to be pretending they do n't exist . 
  yes , e-shop only . 
  they confirmed it in the livestream . 
  they also said that they are working with a publisher and do n't expect any problems with a eu/jp release . 
  rpg - bravely default ( although my favourite is devil survivor overclocked ), 
  strategy - fire emblem awakening, 
  puzzle / visual novel - virtue 's last reward, 
  gee , maybe i should branch out .
