  then , the thought that if this god exists then why not every other god ? 
  and so i ended up a pagan for a few years . 
  i left that behind me after studying science - i did n't * want * to leave it behind , but it snuck up on me . 
  if god or gods do exist , then their influence must be so minuscule that not even modern physics studying particles so impossibly small and short-lived can detect it . 
  if magic exists and if prayer works , it looks exactly the same as coincidence when tested - some people are praying for something general to happen and it never does , while meanwhile humanity has invented medicine that targets almost ridiculously specific things in the body . 
  if gods do exist in this universe , * it looks exactly the same as if they did n't . 
  it must have been a lot easier to maintain beliefs back when there was no reason to think the body does n't have a gland hidden away somewhere with a soul in it , before people started doing amazing things with science that no priest or occultist could have even dreamt of . 
  i do n't get it , i guess i was out of the loop for a while . 
  did n't smtxfe get a trailer recently ? 
  all i remember are some neat , fe-esque character designs and lots of scenery porn . 
   love your neighbour, 
  i wonder what the original expression for this is . 
  in my native language it 's translated as `` love him who is close to you '' , which means love your social groups and the people who help you out - it does n't necessarily include random neighbours , and it certainly does n't mean `` be nice to everyone '' . 
  what happened to monster hunters 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 ? 
  zombie panic in wonderland dx * maybe * ? 
  man , i would have needed a flowchart for 999 so badly . 
  i went into the laboratory on the second set of doors , and then into door 2 . 
  so i had to replay door 2 with an identical ending to the one the first time around just so i could see the shower room , and i had to replay the laboratory to get the other two endings , and then play that * other * room again to get to the true ending , not to mention the first two . 
  to everyone who has n't played 999 , * do n't * go to door 2 if you 've gone through 7 or 8 . 
  i 'm 99.9 % sure 50 % of all children have seen and touched mini-dongs prior to lego universe . 
  namely , their own . 
  a 40 year old man starring at a cute 19 year old girl is considered creepy . 
  a 40 year woman starring at a cute 19 year old boy is * also * considered creepy . 
  just a quick note , it 's common for women to be wet without being aroused . 
  that 's why everyday pads exist . 
  it 's also common to be aroused without getting wet . 
  in what world are cougars not considered creepy ? 
  other than the hot ones , but all rules like this are different for them . 
  it 's less creepy for a * hot * 45 year old to perv over a 19 year old girl too . 
   holding hands is how babies are made, 
  i think i saw an anime like that once . 
   the genetic difference between a sub-saharan african man and , say , a japanese man , is greater than the genetic difference between a chimpanzee and a gorilla . 
  source ? 
  because i 'm under the impression that the exact opposite is true - the genetic difference between a standard black guy and a standard white guy is less than the difference between two particular black people . 
  you do n't understand , you 're cherry-picking by criticising the * whole * chapter instead of the whole chapter minus that verse !, 
  it 's 100 % factual if you ignore the bits that are obviously wrong !, 
  thanks !, 
  ( although i was extending it to american blacks too , because i did n't know that the slaves only came from a handful of cities - til ! ), 
  pretty sure i was taught that theory ( jesus having siblings ) is heresy in catholic religion class . 
  if everything told about him is false , then that does mean that the dude from the nt did n't exist . 
  you ca n't just pick any random dude named jesus ( a common name ) who got himself crucified and say he is the jesus . 
  he has to have performed miracles and preached the contents of the gospels * at the very least * , or else it 's pointless . 
  there are people in the uk named `` harry potter '' . 
  if one of them had a scar on his forehead but everything else told `` about him '' is wrong , can you still consider him the harry potter ? 
   insert something about context, 
  ... are you arguing that a 14 year old does not know what he 's doing or does not know what sex is ? 
  he was 14 for cripe 's sake , not 7 . 
  that 's highschool . 
  that 's the age of consent in a lot of the world . 
  i was definitely doing sexual exploration at 6 with other kids my age , although we really had no idea how any of it worked . 
  sexuality starts earlier than most people would like to think , but i agree with your general point that you ca n't hold a 7 year old accountable for being curious . 
  i doubt her parents ever told her that she 's not allowed to masturbate next to her sister . 
  and it 's completely different from a 14 year old doing the same . 
  i think it 's because masturbating is way more obvious for boys . 
  as a girl i just have to flick a finger and stay still . 
  no one has to know . 
  there 's no noise , no suspicious movements , no mess . 
  that must be the least sexual ` sexual ' thing i 've ever read . 
  5 second kisses on the lips are not sexual . 
  a little weird , but also pretty common among families . 
  sharing lipstick comes to mind . 
  it 's no weirder than rubbing off a fleck of dirt with saliva . 
  * beside her , not against her, 
  * the first thing that comes to mind when i think of thrashing is nightmares rather than sex, 
  * sticky makes me think of candy , sweat , goo , being a kid in general . 
  you do realise girls do n't produce semen right ? 
  or just , you know , print two prices on the label . 
  there are phone apps that monitor your sleep cycles . 
  you can set up an alarm and the app will wake you up when you 've finished a sleep cycle around the time the alarm is set . 
  it 's pretty cool , although i also kept a regular alarm as backup just in case . 
  i could have seen my mage lavellan side with the templars , not because he wanted to pick one side over the other but because he wanted to recruit both and the templars were closer . 
  he was n't very invested in human conflicts and most of his friends seemed to be egging him on to go talk to the templars first . 
  it 's not visible here , but his nose turned out * huge * . 
  it annoyed me at first , but it became really charming as the game went on . 
  i forgot to take any screenshots during the first two dragon age games , and i 've long since deleted them ... but i still have the savefiles from origins . 
  sorry for the 3d models :, 
  he looked so goofy , a bit like a shaggy dog . 
  my second warden was [ natia brosca ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s7siokx.jpg ) . 
  i really loved what she looked like and her bright hair played really well into her origin story - how did she get out of prostituting herself like her sister , even though she 's cuter than her sister ? 
  because she stuck out like a sore thumb !, 
  it was really brilliant . 
  but it fell apart as soon as she got to ostagar , because no one had any reaction to her unusual appearance ( of course they did n't , the hair colour was cc ; _ ; ) . 
  my third warden was [ alim surana ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gdwuj1a.jpg ) , he was a circle mage and a little shit who was really into the fade and wanted to learn blood magic . 
  i ended up not playing him past his origin story because i realised he 'd make pretty much the same decisions as my original aeducan , in the same order , although for different reasons . 
  mahan lavellan was inspired by his design though . 
  the android version was on sale for $ 0.99 not too long ago . 
  tip : throw away your toothbrush when you return . 
  * shudder * i 've * seen * things on the internet, 
  so no hatoful boyfriend either ? 
  hahaha maybe they are !, 
  ideally you 'd start on the ps2 or the vita with persona 3 or 4 , or alternatively with digital devil saga on the ps2 . 
  but the individual smt instalments are not interrelated so you can technically start wherever , although leave soul hackers and strange journey for the ds until you 're more comfortable with the games . 
  record breaker is better if you play it before overclocked heh, 
  the two games are too different and they build up the wrong expectations for each other . 
   their military presence here is unnoticeable, 
  did n't they clean up a local park that one time ? 
  there were some stuff i liked about the android version : you had more freedom over which tiles to mine and you could mine inaccessible or far away tiles , you could craft anywhere ( they patched this out though ) , and you did n't have to keep clicking your mouse on enemies to fight . 
  uh , no . 
  i 'd rather story of seasons . 
  metroid : bored,
