  put that in the title then . 
  for me it loaded a confusing ad about * another * survey . 
  the survey needs a back button ... 
  i 'll probably get it if they ever release it here . 
  here as in europe . 
  i already know when it gets released in the us from all the atlus newsletters . 
  i really should unsubscribe one of these days ... 
  all of them . 
  supercard ds two also plays gba games , but r4i gold is way cheaper . 
  it actually has all the songs from the original and all the songs that used to be dlc . 
  there 's also loads more new dlc . 
  i wish the dlc would go on sale though . 
  or at least have bundles . 
  recruit a chicken , a cow and a hornet as soon as you find them . 
  also , the ducks wo n't lay eggs . 
  there are chargers on amazon . 
  the n3ds does n't come with a charger ( i think ? ), 
  so they 're sold separately anyway . 
  and yeah , the 3ds is backwards compatible with all ds games . 
  i do n't know what kind of games you like . 
  you should check out the game recommendations on the sidebar . 
  the 3ds will soon have better emulation than the psp . 
  granted , mostly the n3ds and devices on old firmware . 
  clocks resetting on electronic devices tend to be because the battery is failing . 
  you should look up replacement batteries for 3dss on amazon/ebay and/or call nintendo . 
  yeah , but you 're locked out of dlc/spotpass . 
  radiant historia may be different , but it was made by the same people . 
  try it . 
  it 's on sale now anyway . 
  the first game is reaaaally old . 
  the best entry points to the franchise are digital devil saga ( ps2 , psn ) , persona 4 ( ps2 , vita ) and shin megami tensei iv ( 3ds ) . 
  since this game is a direct sequel to smtiv , you want to start with that . 
  standard far for an smt game , really . 
  it 's 18 + in the us ? 
  it 's about / smtg / to be fair , which is/was a different beast . 
  you could look into :, 
  * rune factory 4 : a little bit of everything . 
  action jrpg with dungeoning , farming , dating and making friends , fishing , crafting ... it 's a fantastic game and i have 170 hours in it . 
  * fire emblem awakening : srpg with replayability . 
  the main campaign is anywhere between 20 and 80 hours depending on how long you loiter doing side-stuff . 
  but it 's hugely replayable - i have over 300 hours in it !, 
  and a lot of people do too . 
  there 's a new fire emblem coming out soon as well , with an unrelated plot but some common characters . 
  * devil survivor - either of them . 
  a playthrough of overclocked is ~ 30 hours without the several hour long epilogues , but it has 8 endings ( edit : 8 not 80 ) - 3 of them have these huge epilogues called 8th days ( with two endings each ) , and all endings are unique . 
  i have 90 hours without having seen all endings . 
  there 's tons of content that you ca n't see in a single playthrough too , and this goes for both of them . 
  they 're srpgs , and the two games have unrelated stories . 
  overclocked is darker and has a better story , break record has better characters , pick your poison . 
  * soul hackers - this game is a lot like smt4 so if you want more of that . 
  i do n't know how long it is , i 'm playing it right now . 
  not uk , but since i buy them from there - amazon . 
  365games too , sometimes . 
  it gets easier once you 're out of naraku . 
  try to recruit as many demons as you can and fuse them right away so you can recruit them again . 
  important skills to keep an eye on are the 4 elemental skills ( agi fire , bufu ice , zan wind/force , zio electricity ) so you can target weaknesses , and buffs ( sukukaja evade-up and rakukaja defence-up in particular ) for bosses . 
  save often . 
  keep a demon with dia that you do n't actively use , to heal between battles ( recruit napeae or whatever her name was asap ) . 
  return when you start running out of mp . 
  is is that odd that people living surrounded by religious people might use the internet to vent their frustration ? 
  reddit aside , atheists are the vast minority in many places and christians are * highly * privileged . 
  i 'm still not comfortable telling people i 'm an atheist - i tell them i 'm catholic . 
  i 'm just as in the closet about my religious non-belief as i am about my sexuality . 
  okay , maybe * just * a little less . 
  dar . 
  what can make you move chihuahua, 
  he 's married . 
  i should n't have put off updating my 3ds from 9.9 . 
  now i could n't update ironhax if i did , welp . 
  not that guy , but it 's less sweet . 
  that 's also why i generally like coke over pepsi . 
  confirmed for romania . 
  but is it worth downloading ? 
  the reviews seem very negative . 
  depends on how many years you have them . 
  thyroid issues can also cause depression which leads to weight gain in some people ( low energy , low motivation , comfort eating , eating as self-sabotage etc ) . 
  welp . 
  what do you mean , islamic/atheist kind of person ? 
  those two things are as close to opposites as you can get . 
  you can sharpen and screw the blade back , and you can shake it a bit to get the graphite shavings off , but you ca n't re-lengthen a pencil . 
  we are n't swapping parts , just maintaining the old ones !, 
  but you ca n't maintain something that is n't there anymore . 
  ... i feel like we lost the metaphor . 
  and the bravely default demo used to have 5 uses when it came out . 
  it used to have 5 though, 
  psycho pass was about this exactly . 
  it was a really uncomfortable show , partially because none of it was unlikely enough for my tastes . 
  i 'm not a fan of the idea , but for somewhat selfish reasons : it would upset the voting balance during elections if moldova suddenly doubled . 
  also , that russian minority is scary . 
  first emt , not police and firefighters . 
  did that bouncer go to prison at least ? 
  mai adaugam ca , halloween vine de la all hallows ' eve . 
  maine e ziua mortilor . 
  well . 
  now i 'm glad i never gave them my credit card . 
  if it 's rewritten to please our fragile sensibilities ... then yes , that 's called censoring . 
  censoring is changing marx to xander because people will react about comunism . 
  localization is changing tsubaki to subaki because americans ca n't pronounce japanese names . 
  the second is arguably worse than the second , in this case , to be fair . 
  the outside source suppressing it , depending on your take , can be either the localization team making the decisions for a game developed by different people , or the public getting offended at the drop of a hat .
