  * a gay man marrying and having sex for the purpose of procreation with a lesbian is perfectly acceptable though , even recommended . 
  sailor moon is losing right now !, 
  holy shit mine as well . 
  bravely default ? 
  it 's technically a new ip !, 
  technically . 
  legend of legacy and stella glow are coming out soon too afaik . 
  fantasy life is getting a mobile sequel i think, 
  hahaha no way, 
  kernel access would lead to better homebrew . 
  the lack of it one reason why the emulators run so badly and why you ca n't spoof the system to allow you to get out-of-region dlc . 
  wait . 
  just to be sure . 
  apparently , according to gbatemp , they tried to patch something ( no word on what exactly yet ) and the update affected * a lot * of background stuff . 
  ... like it killed the psp ? 
  it never happened to me either . 
  i wonder how common it really is ? 2, 
  they really should have put #fe on the n3ds instead of the wii u. 
  fea is n't a sequel , just part of a franchise . 
  and the n3ds does n't ? 
  besides , nobody will buy the wii u for * one * or * two * exclusive rpgs , and its install base is not exactly rpg fans . 
  it does n't help that the few hardcore smt or fe fans who might do something like buying a console for a spinoff are not impressed with the game . 
  the part about managing a shop or the part about trying on clothing ? 
  in the tokimeki memorial girl 's side ds games there 's a mechanic where you have to buy clothes and dress up for dates . 
  the games are jp only but translated . 
  no idea about a shop simulator dating sim though . 
  obligatory psas :, 
  999 : do n't pick door two at the end if you can help it . 
  you will be forced to play the ending associated with door 2 when you pick door 3 anyway , so this avoids a wasted playthrough . 
  vlr : do not save in puzzle rooms . 
  you can save anytime before and after them , but there 's a save-corrupting bug in three of the puzzle rooms . 
  rune factory is halfway between fantasy life and animal crossing - imagine animal crossing with rpging and crafting . 
  my rune factory 4 savefile is over 170 hours now ( i burned out twice on it heh ) and i 've still to finish the third act . 
  but i got unlucky with the rng , most people do n't spend this much time on it ( i think ? 
  yeah . 
  dx comes from deluxe . 
  it 's not a sequel to the previous game , it 's the definitive version with more songs . 
  maybe someday !, 
  i might be alone in this , but i found it really boring . 
  it was basically a big budget zombie flick . 
  `` not a direct adaptation '' = `` loosely inspired by '' in this case, 
  the problem is n't the `` assault '' part , it 's the `` faces assault charges '' part . 
  he 's a middle schooler , middle schoolers are idiots . 
  it 's not worth screwing his life up over a dare . 
  nope . 
  if anything , it 's more similar to book 3 than to book 2 . 
  the movie had way too many zombies and gun battles . 
  if he had raped her , this would be a completely different discussion . 
  she was n't actually violated - at worst she got a scare . 
  also , most 13 year olds are not not 6 ' 3 . 
  and why does it matter what size he could be ? 
  the criminal justice system should not be using height as a criteria . 
  what we know is that a 13 year old child is facing assault charges for a stupid prank . 
  kissing the girl was wrong : he should be given a lecture on consent , he should be forced to apologise , he should be suspended and he should be grounded . 
  in this case , you 're arguing that the girl being kissed against her will ( which could have been just a peck ) is worse than ruining the entire future of the kid who kissed her . 
  younger kids than him have ended up on the sex offender list for lesser crimes . 
  how would you feel if this was your son ? 
  and it 's nice how you assume i 'm a guy . 
  you must live among giants then . 
  most adults are n't even 6 ' 3 here . 
  i distinctly remember most boys being shorter than the girls at that age . 
  that 's beside the point though . 
  she was * not * violated . 
  you do n't know what kind of kiss it was , whether it was violent , you do n't know how she reacted , you do n't do n't even know whether she is the one pressing charges !, 
  ( my money is on not ) . 
  instead you 're ready to heap abuse on a kid who is probably still in puberty , who did nothing else * but * kiss her on a dare . 
  i remember myself at that age , i remember the other girls . 
  if a boy suddenly kissed me , even if it was a 1 second peck on the lips , me and half the girls in the class would have been out there running for a teacher . 
  the fact that she reacted says nothing of the situation . 
  * a 13 year old idiot . 
  the girl was 14 , he was 13, 
  you 're right , this discussion is pointless . 
  about the daughter question , i would n't feel any particular way about her being pecked on the lips at school . 
  i * really * doubt this was anything more than that . 
  i 'd teach her to punch him if it happens again . 
  nes , snes , gb/gbc , gba and chip-8, 
  i was using the definition where it means `` raped '' . 
  bronze axes are sold in the shop from the prologue chapter ... 
  and assassins can use swords . 
  the movie was more similar to the third book than the second one . 
  the only scenes it had in common with the second book was running through a thunderstorm and going to a danceclub , and even those were changed . 
  these are not changes made to `` make a story move more smoothly '' ... it 's simply a different story . 
  for better or worse . 
  maze runner : the zombie wasteland tbh, 
  i saw it a few days ago , i 'm in romania . 
  to avoid redundancy , be careful not to choose door 2 at the end . 
  you will be forced into that ending when you pick door 3 anyway . 
  except at dawn where the sun rises , at sundown , in the mountains sometimes , when there 's an aurora borealis , when it 's cloudy , and at night . 
  i wonder why ` the sky is blue ' is such an absolute . 
  halal !, 
  i hate how there 's this dilemma between saving accepting refugees , saving real human lives , and preserving modern values like not beating your wife and lgbt rights . 
  like they 're anathema to each other . 
  what 's so wrong with adapting to the culture of the host country ? 
  why is there so much pressure * against * integration ? 
  but the catholic church is okay with homosexuality as long as there 's no sexuality involved , so there 's no contradiction !, 
  peanut butter , jelly and ham ? 
  ... that sounds like a recipe for a night on the toilet . 
  what if that dumb fuck blows your cock off ? 
  i remember that one case where some idiot shot up ( you know , like in movies ) and the shot went through a second story window and killed his daughter . 
  i ca n't find the specific story , just google ` man accidentally shoots daughter ' for similar stories .
