  the digital us version was $ 50 = 37 eur . 
  the digital us version also had a retail version it had to align its prices with . 
  that retail version also included some nice goodies ( like a strategy guide ) . 
  it 's hard to sell well when you release your games years and years after the original release date . 
  and sometimes never . 
  nis will do persona q ? 
  ... does that mean we 're not getting those sweet cards the us will ? 
  ; _ ; soul hackers and eo : u only came with a carton with a copy of the cover image inside . 
  they left out the ost and whatever eo : u may have included . 
  ghostlight 's release of devil survivor was so much better . 
  ( gamebraeking bug aside , but after they fixed that it ran better even than the us version , from what i 've heard . ), 
  just make sure to buy a used copy in good condition . 
  no point paying them twice  _  ; ;, 
  i did n't even think of final fantasy for some reason , even though i 've enjoyed some of the single players . 
  i 'll also look into tera !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've never played wow , so i do n't really know what you mean . 
  what do you mean when you say that it 's different from how jrpgs usually are ? 
  i thought pso2 was n't available in english yet ? 
  or was it localised already ? 
  and thank you . 
  i think i 'll try ffxiv for now , since it 's new and shiny . 
  ( although what the above poster said about ffxi really is tempting , so i might try that out on my own . ), 
  edit : i just visited the official pso2 website and this game looks so awesome . 
  it might be exactly what i 'm looking for , since it seems it 'll be free to play . 
  yes , i 'm just finishing installing the patches !, 
  the website really impressed me , and any game that has a fanbase dedicated enough to do translation patches is bound to be something good . 
  ( thanks again to everyone for the recommendations ! ), 
  why should dexterity be decreased ? 
  sorry if it 's a stupid question . 
  but it 's not `` country b '' , it 's `` region b '' . 
  `` region b '' includes such rich countries like moldova , romania , ukraine , bulgaria ... 
  honestly , your argument is like saying that american games should cost 100 $ because wages in new york are high . 
  languages 80 % of the games being released are n't available in . 
  minimum wage here is around $ 250 per month . 
  that is low . 
  and the second best is rune factory 4 ? 
  - sigh -, 
  i earn ~ 5 eur per 8 hours of work . 
  it 's not about hours of work . 
  i work in an office , we do n't get tipped . 
  and i 'm not even minimum wage . 
  edit : ah , sorry . 
  i calculated that wrong , it 's actually about 10 $ day - or 1 eur per hour . 
  ** i make that . 
  and i 'm european , you huge douche . 
  there are 47 countries with radically different mw in europe !, 
  even more if we 're counting the whole pal region !, 
  if we 're going by average mw , [ america is far better off !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_wages_by_country ), 
  ... you think it wo n't offend if you generalise a whole continent of countries ? 
  everyone is thouchy about their salary . 
  tell someone from detroit that $ 70 for a handeld game is an awesome price because the us has a pretty high mw , and see how they 'll take it . 
  if we generalise , games should be more expensive in the us because i 'm pretty sure the mw over the entire pal region lower than in the us region . 
  generalisations are just that . 
  they are n't a reason a reason for anything . 
  not again guys ; _ ;, 
  most people went persona 3 -  persona 4 -  nocturne , although i personally recommend going for dds next . 
  the devil survivor series ... eh , they 're good games . 
  but you should definitely go into the ps2 games next . 
  do n't play ps2 on a ps2 . 
  play them on a ps3 , or buy and emulate them , the quality is leagues better . 
  personally i 'd prefer ghostlight to nis . 
  none of nis 's releases included any extras at all , not even a thin booklet . 
  what atlus games did nis release with a limited edition in europe ? 
  unless eoiv had a limited edition ... ? 
  i do n't think it did ? 
  their standard editions do n't contain anything . 
  the best one is the true demon ending , hands down . 
  it 's not really because of the ending itself , but your journey there , finishing the amala labyrinth and defeating all the fiends . 
  i 'd go for some dlc optional dungeons , along the lines of monad . 
  it 's summer , you 'll have to wait a little . 
  also , keep an eye on the various games websites and the eshop because they often have serious price drops . 
  anywhere from -75 % to -10 % , although most promotions i 've seen hover around -40 % . 
  what about a special edition ? 
  pleaaaase ? 
  and how will you handle the dlc ? 
  i was thinking of buying it when ( and if ) it goes on sale , its price is pretty steep at # 29.99 right now . 
  devil survivor overclocked more than devil survivor 2 . 
  overclocked has hours of extra , unique content on each route ( specifically , the 8th day scenarios added in the 3ds remake after the regular endings ) . 
  next is persona 3 , arguably , since you can play p3fes , p3p femc route and replay them for the slinks as needed . 
  devil survivor overclocked , right now it 's my favourite game on the system . 
  there 's also smtiv and soul hacker . 
  the series as a whole has been called `` pokemon in hell '' ( although it predates pokemon ) . 
  that 's true for about 90 % of jrpgs . 
  dude ... it was a 6 or 7 hour demo with 3 or 4 bosses . 
  all of the things listed there were in the demo . 
  there 's a good chance it 'll cost $ 68 in europe . 
  is it worth $ 68 ? 
  i would n't call it planning ... that 's how long i played it until i ran out of demo to play . 
  ... ironically , i still do n't have the full game . 
  this stupid system has too many good games that keep distracting my wallet . 
  any news like this for the uk ? 
  i think utterfaillure was just joking ( that flair + comment combo ) . 
  the 3ds xl is the best price-to-value ratio , to be honest . 
  but between the vanilla 3ds and the 2ds , i 'd say go for the cheaper 2ds . 
  yes . 
  whatever is on sale . 
  the 3ds does n't really have bad games . 
  even the ones that get a lot of flak have a lot of big fans if you ask around .
