  i feel like i 'm missing something . 
  north koreans also say that . 
  source : `` nothing to envy '', 
  you forgot your / s, 
  10x rdi = 1000 % rdi , not 100 % . 
  or am i understanding the math wrong ? 
  oh my god , i actually squeak-screamed ( squeed ? ), 
  out loud when i read this . 
  this is amazing news . 
  yes , it is . 
  most of us here prefer the 3ds xl , i think , but the 2ds has the best price of the bunch . 
  and it depends on what sort of games you like , although the usual pokemon , animal crossing , zelda and fire emblem are all solid choices . 
  curtain call is amazing to play in short bursts . 
  i 've been on it for 16 hours , according to the activity log , and i have n't played through all the songs ( it helps , of course , that i 'm not very good at rhythm games ) . 
  it 's the sort of game you * can * actually play while sitting on the toilet , before going to sleep , while waiting for someone , etc. 
  pokemon x/y seems to be a more involving sort of game . 
  the kind you set aside an hour for and sit down somewhere . 
  so yeah , pick whichever . 
  both would be even better . 
  he 's as romanian as british-born muslims are english . 
  paying attention to the daesh does n't necessarily mean ignoring everything else , you know . 
  muhammed had sex with a 9 year old that he married when she was 6 . 
  that at least counts as rape in my books . 
  and this is just common knowledge . 
  i 'm sure someone better informed could find more examples . 
  then you should n't apply anything in there to the situations at present . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  the english are doing this ? 
  or does n't it count if it 's been over 60 years ? 
  i 've only bought the piano version of aerith 's theme so far , from advent children . 
  on one hand i wish the dlc songs had previews , on the other hand i 'm glad they do n't because i 'm less likely to buy them . 
  ending boss bug ? 
  this game is for children specifically ? 
  also , most games have english-only releases here . 
  `` over there '' , it 's still full retail price here . 
  honestly , stop complaining , you 're already spoiled for prices in the us . 
  i 'm still trying to find bravely default under $ 50 : /, 
  and furthermore , my understanding is that the darknet gets harder to track and * faster * to use the more users it has . 
  tor relies on nodes , individual computers connected to the network , to spread data around . 
  you connect to the network through several other people 's computers . 
  that 's why , the more users it has , the safer and faster it is . 
  at least , that 's how i understand it . 
  ar fi un demon interesant in seria shin megami tensei . 
  that 's definitely not true for all hospitals . 
  it depends largely on luck . 
  each hospital has a shitty doctor shift . 
  where do you live ? 
  edit : ah ok . 
  this is not practiced over here ... 
  if you refuse somwthing that person will stop offering , although it 's polite to ask again after a while . 
  curtain call and a ds game , kingdom hearts re : coded . 
  i wo n't be getting smash yet . 
  it 's not really my thing , and i have too many other games that i want to buy releasing soon . 
  he should play the male mc anyway for pq though . 
  me too . 
  for me , it 's the lack of 3d models during cutscenes . 
  the visual novel style makes certain scenes confusing ( you do n't know who is in the room or what they are doing ) , and it really cut down on my investment in the plot . 
  they also enabled direct control over the party member without rebalancing them game - it became far too easy . 
  p3fes had a satisfying difficulty , along with much quicker and more immersing battles . 
  having your teammates make their own decisions based on a general idea ( support/attack etc ) was pretty interesting too ( as long as you ignored mitsuru ) . 
  smtiv and rune factory 4 :d, 
  i mean , you already have most games like 40 % off compared to the prices in the rest of the world . 
  think of it as a permanent price drop . 
  a beginner 's textbook yes , but reality has shown these things to be more efficient ( if nonintuitive ) . 
  sorry for not providing sources , i 'm on my phone : /, 
  it does , just in a different context . 
  the other word , heresy , is the same . 
  it 's not about different cultures , it 's just that the us would n't stand for the kind of prices they charge everywhere else . 
  yep . 
  because of this i have a lot less reasons to buy an n3ds ( i was planning to get an na one ) . 
  i still wish we had better prices though . 
  ps2 games look exactly like ps3 games on an emulator though . 
  republican spotted !, 
  ce zici de ideologia rationalista ? 
  cool story bro, 
  maidegraba as crede ca e din cauza trollilor si a `` hacherilor '' de 12 ani , ca is destui in tara . 
  so 40 % of the infected people survive it ... ? 
  but what if the guy had four guns ? 
  one on each limb ? 
  so gun nuts believe open carry is justified because ... ... they think people do n't believe guns exist ? 
  to be fair , asuna lost her agency by the time she had to rely on her boyfriend to get * her * guild to give her a vacation , for no good reason . 
  that was the point i wanted to chuck the monitor out of the window . 
   asuna actually seemed to have a lot of agency for a main female in shounen . 
  i 've seen a lot of shonen and sao is definitely one of the worse ones when it comes to character agency , even before alo started . 
  naruto is another bad example , yet most of the female characters are independent and fight their own battles . 
  when asuna wanted to leave the guild for a while , it was kirito who had to fight the guild master for her right to do that . 
  we are told she is amazing , but we never actually * see * that past the second episode . 
  the only thing the anime insists on showing us is how good she is at * cooking * , of all things . 
  furthermore , the only contribution asuna had to the ` final ' battle was when she broke the game mechanics using `` the power of her love '' ( and just how she did this was never explained ) , just to die a moment later , serving as nothing more than a device to motivate kirito . 
  til there is a correlation between voice and size . 
  is there any reason why my voice is still high pitched , despite being a pretty big woman ? 
  they made their bed , now they should lie in it . 
  fuck them . 
  the fuck ? 
  or opera mini , it 's the best browser if you have a strict data cap ( mine is 200mb/month ) . 
  then fuse it again with the skills you do want . 
  do n't forget to set your team to support as well . 
  i did n't either . 
  if anything , it was cool because it made the dungeon crawling quicker . 
  are we witnessing the birth of a new buzzword ?
