  and half a truckload of sugar is still lots . 
  would antibodies show this ? 
  i had an anti-tpo test this friday to check for thyrroid issues and the result was over 1000 . 
  but my a1c was 5.7 and i 'm not taking insulin . 
  maybe you could try introducing him to keto diets . 
  even a lazy one works wonders - it 's one thing to give up delicious pizza for steamed broccoli , but you might be able to convince him to substitute it for a large helping of fried bacon . 
  i also had high antithyroglobulin ( 125 ) , but we did n't test anything else ... endos and diabetes doctors are separate in my country , but i 'll see if i can get my endo to make me take these tests anyway before i schedule a visit to a diabetes doctor . 
  ( what 's weird is that my thyroid tsh and t4 values normalised , since the last time i tested them 1.5 years ago - from like 20 to 3.8 - even though i did nothing to treat it , and despite the ridiculously high antibody scores ... ), 
  i was 25 when i was diagnosed , but overweight ( i lost some of the weight since , though i 've hit a plateau months ago ) , so i do n't think anyone thought to check for antibodies . 
  thank you for the long explanation . 
  i had to take a physical for a new job , and they also took my blood sugar because my file mentioned a night shift ( i think that was just in case ? 
  because my job does n't have one right now ) - it was 271 . 
  i 'd noticed brain fog , thirst . 
  i 'd been listless , had no energy to do anything and barely any motivation except in short bursts , but i did n't know these were diabetes symptoms . 
  i just assumed it was my thyroid . 
  the a1c turned out 8.8 , high but not close to that 271 result . 
  i think i might have caught it early . 
  i visited a diabetes doctor . 
  she gave me a booklet on what food to eat ( filled with terrible advice ) and told me i need metformin , how much , and even gave me some . 
  i never went back though ... this was a year ago . 
  my a1c was 5.7 now , i 'll be scheduling another proper check up soon . 
  i mixed them up , thanks, 
  my bad for writing this when i should be sleeping . 
  i ca n't either . 
  i mean , i can forget a dose of ~ ~ insulin ~ ~ metformin or not check my bg , but i ca n't eat more than ~ 15g carbs at once without having my bloodsugar spike really badly . 
  once you properly keto-adapt , the tiredness might just go away . 
  medium-low ketones are harmless , you should be worried only if they shoot very high ( which they should n't ) . 
  regarding diet , you should focus eating just things like bacon and eggs for a few days , no carbs , just to try it out . 
  even terrible food like cheap supermarket salami is fine . 
  you 'll be surprised how much better you feel , how much more energy you 'll have . 
  my ketones tend to sit between 4 and 8 on most days . 
  i have n't gotten any adverse effects ( yet ) . 
  just try it for 2-3 days . 
  get a bottle of diet soda and drink that when you start craving sweets . 
  90-something blood sugar is ideal . 
  the normal values are something like between 80 and 110 . 
  there 's nothing to improve . 
  the keto diet showed significantly better results , and they did n't find adverse effects for either . 
  the sample size was pretty low though ( 89 ) . 
  thank you for the study . 
  uh , no . 
  exercise is crucial for t2d because it actively lowers insulin resistance ( ie , temporarily reverses it , to some degree ) . 
  i found carbs are more tolerables if there 's a lot of fat involved ( ie , a hamburger spikes my bgc less than bowl of rice ) . 
  like , the burger would bring it up to 170 and the rice to 230 . 
  i avoid both since i do n't want to get tempted into re-integrating bread into my diet , but i did some tests in the beginning after my bgc normalised . 
  t-it ? 
  it wo n't reverse it , it just makes it easier to control . 
  good luck with your friend . 
  til i learned something when i looked up pre-diabetes values . 
  i thought it started at 120 , as actual doctors told me the fasting bgc needs to be between 90 and 120 . 
  i did hear this was considered too high recently , but apparently i did n't adjust down far enough . 
  well , it 's not like the phone agent can ` take one look at the phone ' ... although , if it was an android , they could have just troubleshooted anyway while in the call . 
  in romania as well , to nobody 's surprise . 
  but the us might just be the outlier when it comes to how cheating is seen by students . 
  people will look at you like you 're crazy , but high fat is the way to go . 
  it 's , in fact , the only way to go if you ca n't tolerate carbs nearly at all and do n't want to take insulin . 
  low carb , low fat , high protein will just kill your liver . 
  i also caved in last week and ate - a thing , with 35g of pure sugar and starch . 
  my blood sugar jumped from high 90s to 215 . 
  i expected a high , but not one this bad ... it 's making me really depressed . 
  menstruation and pms are hell on my blood sugar . 
  i wish i did n't have to deal with them every month . 
  if you want physical attacks , focus on dex , not str . 
  str is useless in this game . 
  that 's brilliant , i 'll have to use it too . 
  nu e chiar irelevanta ... pe plan extern . 
  pe plan intern though . 
  video link . 
  might have read an article for giggles , but this is n't worth my phone 's bandwidth . 
  romania too, 
  i 'm visiting a diabetes doctor on saturday ( endos do n't also handle diabetes here ) , and i 'll insist to have a c-peptide test . 
  the doctor i visited in the beginning decided i was type 2 based on my weight and a1c ( 8.8 at the time ) and sent me on my way with a glucometer and metformin . 
  this was a year ago , so i guess that 's enough proof i 'm not an actual t1 for them ? 
  well , this time , it 's terrible bloating and bloat related stomach cramps , trembling , intolerance to heat , mood swings , some confusion , and pain in my chest , low fever . 
  and the blood sugar thing . 
  all of these are on the side-effect list and started after i started taking euthyrox . 
  the last two times i also developed insomnia . 
  i think i just do n't tolerate it ... 
  euthyrox is the only thyroid medication available in romania , other than generic selenium supplements . 
  i 'll look it up though , thanks . 
   dr 2 selling more, 
  that 's from everyone waiting since the fan-translation of the first game . 
  finally getting to play dr2 after so many years was honestly magical . 
  a fan-translation started for it , there 's that . 
  [ study : short-term safety , tolerability and efficacy of a very low-calorie-ketogenic diet interventional weight loss program versus hypocaloric diet in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/diabetes/comments/5523mu/study_shortterm_safety_tolerability_and_efficacy/ ), 
  have you tried convincing her to replace candy and potato chips with bacon and cheese ? 
  you know , low-carb `` bad '' stuff . 
  some people are also great at resisting highs . 
  my dad nearly 70 and has had a bgc of like 300 for about 20 years , with the only complication that he lost the small toe on one foot . 
  i 'm type 2 ... though my mother said just a few days ago that i only have `` light diabetes '' so why am i even worried about some meds raising my baseline bloodsugar by 20 points ... because i have good control apparently that means that the disease is n't so serious . 
  ( t2 is n't as bad as t1 , i know . ), 
  it was more to the claim that the science of it was n't backed up , and that only `` some '' t2s benefit from it . 
  it was n't a reply to the op . 
  he 's talking about 50 + % of british muslims saying homosexuality should be straight out illegal . 
   now that i think of it , i would absolutely love to see what would happen in a country where minors were kept out of churches until they were eighteen . 
  communist romania tried this , by instituting mandatory sunday activities . 
  the result was that it did n't matter , as long as the family and the rest of the community was still neck-deep in religion . 
  it even backfired , because the feeling of persecution was wonderful fuel for a religious belief that believes itself to be persecuted . 
  education starts at home . 
  to educate the next generation , you have to educate the parents .
