  oh , and, 
  do n't worry , we 'll get a digital download in two years or so !, 
  let 's positive thinking !, 
  yeah , that happens if you do n't know how to pace your slinks and your skill grinding . 
  it was probably one of the reasons why i hated p3p the first time around . 
  i really did n't expect the advice of `` ignore the non-school slinks during school days '' to be so important . 
  late slinks makes a little sense if you watch the movie . 
  what does n't is the fact that minato ca n't slink junpei , akihiko or ken . 
  i do n't know ? 
  it was a two hours live-stream and there was a lot going on in the comments section as well . 
  i missed the first hour , but if there 's something specific you want to know i might remember what they said . 
  q4 for na and tba for europe . 
  we do n't actually know whether pq will be a persona inspired eo , or an eo inspired persona . 
  i 'm tending towards the latter . 
  japanese players have said that ` it 's not what they expected ' . 
  noses are n't kawaii, 
  assuming you have an iphone ... 
   even if you hit a wall 30 hours in , is n't that worth it ? 
  it really depends on the person . 
  30 hours would n't be worth $ 40 for me . 
  it 's not really a continuous scale for me . 
  i 'd pay $ 8 to watch a two hour movie in a cinema ( less on dvd ) , but i would n't pay $ 16 for a four hour movie . 
  and how long ago was that long ago ? 
  kingdom hearts 2 - 2004 - ~ 80 hours, 
  final fantasy vii - 1997 - ~ 65 hours, 
  tales of phantasia - 1995 - ~ 50 hours, 
  shin megami tensein ii - 1994 - ~ 70 hours ( according to hltb , which always underestimates gameplay hours ), 
  rpgs have always been long . 
  games shorter than 30 hours are a more recent phenomenon . 
  * fingers crossed for youkai watch *, 
  yeah , but that site seriously underestimates the time it takes to finish a game . 
  for kingdom hearts dream drop distance , for instance , it says 23 hours when it took me 40 without going particularly slowly ( and downright rushing the last two worlds ) . 
  and for nocturne ( which i mentioned ) , i finished it in 80 , almost 90 hours ( without counting the progress lost when i died - 70 is a good estimate if you do n't go for the true ending ) , it says 54 . 
  `` add 20 hours '' seems like a good rule . 
  so take those more as ` the shortest possible time to finish it ' . 
  i just used it on the last one because i did n't finish the game , so i had no idea how long it was . 
  i think you just convinced me to buy the game . 
  kingdom hearts dream drop distance ( 75 ) i guess . 
  i 'm a bit surprised it has the same score as days , since it 's a better game ( speaking as somebody who * loved days ) . 
  ehh , why is aotfm rated so low ? 
  it 's a fantastic short game !, 
  yeah , although ddd has the opposite problem : you ca n't take it as it is . 
  you have to have played the rest of the series for the plot to make any sense , and to even care about the plot making sense ( and about the characters ) . 
  remakes have it even worse . 
  devil survivor overclocked scored lower than the vanilla version , even though the improvements and additions are huge . 
  but it should be evaluated as a short game . 
  what did they expect , a 90 hour epic for the low price ? 
  * attack of the friday monsters, 
  * crimson shroud, 
  * liberation maiden, 
  * cave story, 
  * denpa men ( 2 or 3 ), 
  bravely default and fire emblem are about as similar as mass effect and skyrim ... 
  fire emblem has a demo , you can download that and decide for yourself . 
  fire emblem is n't really a ` strategy ' game ( despite it 's genre ) , it 's all about tactics . 
  the difficulty is n't an issue either , because it has an easy mode ( i think they called it normal ? 
  there was nothing wrong with the voice acting and the combat system was very simple even by kingdom hearts standards . 
  as for ` vapid characters ' ... see , this is why i said you had to have played the other games as well . 
  kh 's intricate story that progresses with each game is one of its selling points . 
  they 're meant for people willing ( and wanting ) to play all the games to piece together the plot , like a really fun puzzle . 
  some of the games do n't need much of a backstory . 
  the first one , days and birth by sleep are perfectly fine as stand-alones . 
  com , khii ( arguably ) and ddd are not . 
  you can play the original game and birth by sleep without playing the others . 
  ddd is basically the prologue to khiii , of course it does n't stand on its own . 
  you improve voice acting by hiring new voice actors , which they ca n't in the 7th game in an established series . 
  or you can go argue with square enix to keep the japanese voice track , but that 's unlikely seeing as the final mixes are all in english . 
  and regarding the combat system ... it was the same as every other game , with added pokemon critters . 
  it was really , really simple . 
  the more complex aspects were only required on the hard modes , where the random encounters could kill you as well as any boss . 
  play the femc route on p3p . 
  you go to http://camelcamelcamel.com/ , you select amazon.co.uk by clicking on the flag , and then you write the name of a game in the search field . 
  clicking on it gives you graph of the price changes for the article . 
  this way you wo n't get ripped off . 
  sadly , it only ships to a handful of countries in europe . 
  level 65 is enough is to play the last kalpa ( unless you 're playing hard mode ? ) . 
  i remember finishing it before the diet building . 
  at this point it depends more on your demons and the skills you have . 
  did you make sure to check a wiki or a walkthrough for magatama skill levelling ? 
  me too , but we wo n't be getting that info from atlus usa . 
  the shipping is just too expensive on the physical copy ... 
  dante and daisoujou were on my team in the tower of kagutsuchi . 
  you definitely are ready for the last kalpa . 
  ... like tomodachi life you mean ? 
  the us had the price because the original print included some goodies . 
  the digital eu version ... does n't . 
  supposedly it will cost 50 eur . 
  what the flying fuck ? 
  that 's what they 're saying over in the / r/3ds thread . 
  i sure hope it 's just a rumour . 
  so we 'll get a digital release late 2015 ? 
  guys : https://twitter.com/thenchannel/status/476429593214476288, 
   to clarify something - shin megami tensei iv is being released by atlus in europe . 
  nintendo is n't involved with its release . 
  i 'd be fine with digital only if it were at a lower price , since they do n't have to compete with retail . 
  as it is ... if i 'm paying 50 euro i want that coverart as well  _ , 
  because jrpgs sell so badly in europe . 
  heck , even tales of the abyss was a huge success , and you can easily emulate that one on the pc . 
  bravely default limited edition was 120 pounds in the uk . 
  this is downright cheap .
