  they do n't ship to my country :(, 
  sure . 
  you can also copy the nintendo 3ds folder from the original sd card , although i 'm not sure if an sd card in a new system even has one . 
  very interesting study . 
  sometimes i can - if it 's been 4 hours since a meal , and i 've had less than 5g of carbs per meal for a few days , i 'll be at 90-something , if i had less than about 40g i should be between 110 and 120 . 
  two hours after a meal , my blood sugar peaks at about 1.5 points for every gram of carb . 
  if i do n't sleep or my sleep schedule is off , my base bgc jumps to 130-140 . 
  but this is abstractly , from measuring and extrapolating . 
  i ca n't estimate how high it is just from feeling . 
  focus on recruiting and fusing as many demons as you can . 
  having diverse bunch with good skills is key to this game . 
  no really , it 's fine !, 
  if i really wanted i could use a forwarder after all . 
  the full guide is on / r/3dshacks . 
  it 's not very complicated imho but check for yourself . 
  information about the emulator is on gbatemp . 
  pick ireland for your region - english and $ prices . 
  # is more expensive and you 'll be stuck once you set up the nnid . 
  not sure about streetpass , but you can back up the saves for the two games with homebrew . 
  call nintendo . 
  the repair will cost though and you might receive a standard model 3ds as replacement . 
  nintendo selects are permanent price drops ( afaik ) so you might as well get something that 's on sale right now , all things being equal . 
  does it have emunand or a9hl on it ? 
  if it 's vanilla homebrew , you could just remove the files from the sd card . 
  i 'm glad !, 
  if nnids were a thing back when i got my 3ds , i 'd have set up my id for germany and missed several games . 
  as it is i set it up in the uk and have to deal with uk prices , which is not pretty on a east european salary lol, 
  you can play both . 
  animal crossing is low-pressure , `` a little at a time '' . 
  i played it on launch and it was fine . 
  it seems like crashes and slowdowns either happen or do n't , depending on your luck with the generated world . 
  rune factory 4, 
  dragon quest vii is coming out soon, 
  you ca n't give the same amount of insulin to someone who does n't produce any but tolerates as to someone with insulin * resistance * . 
  you 'll kill the type 1 . 
  t2 is a disease that progresses . 
  you can slow it down , but you ca n't `` cure '' it with diet/exercise . 
  a type 1 can bolus for a wider variety of food . 
  as a type 2 , i 'm stuck at a 15g of carbs per meal hard limit that i ca n't go over because it will push my bgc way too high . 
  i ca n't eat a cake , you could . 
  yeah . 
  i ate like that , as well as zero junk food and very rarely soda ( like , a glass twice a month ) and i still got type 2 . 
  it 's genetic and working in shifts made it worse ( look it up , bad sleep schedules can lead to diabetes in predisposed folks ) . 
  you implied the other guy would n't have gotten diabetes if he ate correctly . 
  i disagreed . 
  even so , looking at it just from a food standpoint ( even though diabetes is rarely caused by nutrition in young people ) , it 's mainly affected by carb intake . 
  so if he ate healthy meals like cereals , pancakes , rice and pasta dishes , potatoes , he 'd be worse off than with a burrito . 
  n-am masina . 
  then why have a gender segregated changing room ? 
  if a cis male changes there , should they also leave because his gender does n't affect anyone else in any way ? 
  their feelings are just as important as yours . 
  changing rooms are an especially sensitive subject , because unlike bathrooms , you undress next to other people and that can cause all sorts of feelings of vulnerability and shame . 
  romanian prisons may be miserable , but i 'm really glad he 's going there and not to some us prison where he 'd be abused and ` suicided ' . 
  a bit of good news . 
  if you can unintentionally set up a private email server and accidentally delete tens of thousand of emails , you can also unintentionally hack it and accidentally publish the contents . 
  romanian police actually arrest politicians and do n't murder your dog for giggles . 
  image that . 
  they may not be trustworthy , but they 're better than what you guys got . 
  like , nobody has a 3ds in my country : /, 
  you overestimate the romanian intelligence agency and how much say it has in , well , anything internationally . 
  and yeah , that sucks . 
  damn . 
  okay . 
  but if it comes to undressing in front of people , it matters what * they * identify you as as well . 
  and how different your body and its development is to theirs . 
  let 's not forget these are teenage girls growing into their bodies with a million +1 self-esteem issues . 
  when i had to change in front of people back then , it was embarassing and a little scary and my main thought was `` the other girls at least have the same body as me '' . 
  it 's not even the same as a changing room for a public pool or an aerobic course for adults . 
   instead you have now created an incentive for all rich people to use up their fortunes while they are still alive . 
  that is the idea , yes . 
  spending money is what we * want * everyone and especially rich people to do to have a functioning economy . 
  i 'm sure most women would feel more comfortable undressing around an ftm than an mtf . 
  an ftm has had the experience of living in a biologically female body , that makes the experience less embarassing/jarring . 
  just throwing this out , not really agreeing or disagreeing . 
  changing rooms are one thing , but why does it even matter with bathrooms ? 
  who cares what gender the person a stall over is ? 
  you do n't see them . 
  they do n't see you . 
  it 's not like anyone practices or * wants * open-plan bathrooms . 
  okay , but * why * ? 
  you might as well be in different rooms . 
  there 's a locked door and walls between you and anyone else . 
  the only thing you do in common is wash hands . 
  we had a a single bathroom with 8 stalls on our floor in college housing . 
  i do n't remember anyone ever expressing any discomfort ( anecdote sure ) . 
  ... maybe it was the same maxwell ? 
  higher even , since everyone seems to use k-l-m and y. 
  i had this exact call last week , but my user also :, 
  * thought her second monitor was defective because the image had thick black borders on all sides ( spoiler : the wallpaper was too smal ), 
  * was frantic because her icons were on the wrong monitor and * she needs them exactly as they were *, 
  is there some sort of correlation between smoking and weight loss ? 
  because that 's a huge difference . 
  novel idea here , let the treatment of obese individuals come from the taxes of obese individuals !, 
  they 're about a quarter of the population , so only a quarter of nhs fund would be -- what do you mean that 's happening already by default ? 
  they 're also taxpayers . 
  you do realise pretty much every single study has shown that obesity is more genetic than environmental ? 
  i read a study just a few days ago that the bmi of adopted children strongly correlated with that of their biological parents , rather than the family they live with . 
  then there 's the twin studies done on the subject , same results . 
  and anecdotally , me and my sister have different dads , hers is fit mine is obese - other than that our upbringing was identical . 
  we both did sports , we ate at the same food at the same table at the same time , and yet our weights are * very * different .
