  ` hamas activity in the area ' is no excuse to sacrifice children . 
  in terms of sheer civillian body count - that is , families , children suffering - israel has caused more of it . 
  that there were reasons and excuses , sometimes even justified , that 's it 's explainable in a way that someone 3000 km away can sympathise , is another thing . 
  but do n't ask the man whose family was brutally slaughtered , who lost his wife , children and family , that israel is right . 
  that person will * not * accept that . 
  edit : not without huge recompense efforts , akin to post-wwii germany . 
  `` the kidnappers sacrificed the children , the police waited very patiently for 2 hours before they stormed the place and gunned down all kidnappers , as well as the hostages . '', 
  we are talking about the lives of people here . 
  israeli have a right to defend themselves , but i 'll never believe indiscriminate bombing of important institutions was ever the only answer . 
  this is probably because of the file sizes and all games not fitting on one cart with dual audio . 
  but considering how bloody expensive the se was / will be , they could have just included both carts , or used the 8gb carts . 
  because the 3ds being region locked clearly shows nintendo does n't want us to order those copies instead . 
  this and the explanation regarding licensing costs would be more palpable if it was n't the most expensive 3ds game . 
  indeed , but it would involve trusting nintendo not to patch menuhax . 
  or downgrading , but considering the risk of bricking , you might as well pirate it once you 've gone so far . 
  not even them , remember tomodachi life . 
  then replace got with simpsons , south park and any western game . 
  i had to click that to know what that is . 
  i 've heard of it vaguely , i guess . 
  they fixed a bug that enabled gay marriage in the localisation , not realising what a shitstorm that would spark . 
  i 'm sure you would n't be picky at all if your audio choices were japanese and spanish , with nothing else . 
  i 'll take a german dub any day over an english dub . 
  unless standards dropped a lot in the last 10-15 years ? 
  one 's an mmo , the other is a single player open world game ( iirc ) , the third is a classic turn-based jrpg . 
  if you want a game like fea , devil survivor would be closer in gameplay . 
  if you want a final fantasy game , go for bravely default . 
  it would n't be the only time something was romanised oddly - safer sephiroth ? 
  `` sepher sephiroth '' is actually a thing and probably what they originally wanted to say . 
  excellent , but not necessarily cheap : radiant historia , the world ends with you - you should keep an eye out for sales on amazon . 
  both games are breathtaking . 
  that was quick !, 
  n3ds = n3dsxl  3dsxl  3ds = 2ds, 
  a classic xl is fine , but the original small 3ds has a tiny screen and low battery life compared to every other version . 
  you focus on other things that make life satisfying . 
  romance is n't the the be-all end-all of life , no matter what movies tell us . 
  do n't dwell on it too much , enjoy the freedom and the extra time . 
  do you * really * want to spend what 's left of your free time with another person who you might not even be fully comfortable with ? 
  i realised i did n't . 
  so i just try to be efficient at work , pleasant with my colleagues , enough to not get ` looked past ' professionally . 
  just ... live and take things as they come . 
  i 've been following the fates discussions , although i have n't played it . 
  hoshido has big maps with lots of enemies to kill . 
  you can grind maps you 've already played , like in awakening , making it possible to use * anyone * in battle . 
  nohr is more like por/radiant dawn ( or old fe in general ) where you have varied objectives , and you ca n't replay previous maps so xp is limited . 
  you 'll be focusing on your core team rather than a wide array of characters, 
  and all three routes are apparently on all carts anyway , just locked . 
  the whole game is about 2gb . 
  if you do n't have 2gb , you might want to consider buying a bigger sd card . 
  yes and no . 
  the download for the other paths , from what 's i 've heard , amounts to about 70mb . 
  supposedly all dlc together with a route and ik had 500 mb and someone did the math . 
  i do n't remember exactly , but the second route and ik will be mostly contained on the cart you have . 
  if i 'm wrong , i would n't mind being corrected once somebody gets the game . 
  you might want to get a us 3ds instead . 
  eu/aus games come out late and are hella expensive . 
  what do you have in mind when you say `` lots of game time '' ? 
  i 'm not sure what 's on sale . 
  for the longest , cheapest game , most of the time it 's smt4 whenever it 's on sale . 
  for other games , i had 11 hours in one playthrough of weapon shop de omasse . 
  it 's a rhythm game type thing , so it has a lot of replay value . 
  recording that footage from the emulator . 
  i 'm not sure how far along the emulator is though . 
  funny that kids are n't having orgies over here in europe . 
  well , you should play smtiv at some point anyway , so you might as well . 
  by the time you get around to fe again , the undub patch might be out . 
  just be careful when updating your console . 
  the best jrpg on the 3ds is , in my opinion , shin megami tensei iv . 
  it looks fantastic , it sounds fantastic , it plays fantastic . 
  another one to consider is rune factory 4 , which is a combination of harvest moon-esque farming and gathering mechanics with a dungeon based jrpg . 
  the trilogy is basically the first 3 games for the price of one . 
  a bit of both . 
  they 're mostly straight ports , but they use the artwork from the ios release . 
  opinions on whether this is good or bad are divided , though the difference is n't that major . 
  there 's a 1/256 chance to trigger a fiend battle in smt4 . 
  you have to trigger several of those ( some of which are locked on a single path ) to 100 % the game . 
  though , it 's not really a game that needs to be 100 % ed . 
  if you like the look of persona q , why not go for the parent series ? 
  smt4 is a very good game . 
  as a bonus , it 's one of the few 3ds games that does n't use chibi models . 
  i have n't played that game , so i 'm not * not * recommending it , but have you played the two devil survivors yet ? 
  set the region to irelandcfor english + $ prices . 
  other than that , visa credit cards work and everything is fine . 
  just do n't expect nintendo to offer any kind of technical assistance once the warranty is over and they 're not legally obligated to do so anymore . 
  i 'm from romania , we 're in the same boat . 
  none of them require prior knowledge . 
  edit : except persona q. 
  as for the rest ... it 's a different one for each , really . 
  smt4 is the most polished and the best entrypoint . 
  soul hackers is arguably the worst entrypoint , next to persona q , because it 's a port of a saturn game and a little dated . 
  all of them have good gameplay though . 
  the two devil survivors have the best story and dialogue - overclocked the best story , record breaker the best characters and dialogue . 
  both games are independent of each other . 
  just set up a pattern . 
  it 's basically just a longer swipe . 
  i have no idea , since my eshop is set to # - i * think * omega ruby is 39.99 # . 
  but you can buy digital codes here : http://www.game.co.uk/en/m/games/nintendo-eshop/3ds/?instockonly=false&amp;merchname=mobileeshop-_-espot-_-3dsgames, 
  sometimes they 're cheaper . 
  omega ruby is 33 # . 
  ouch , that 's expensive . 
  even on ebay ?
