  the vita game library is pretty amazing tbh if you ignore that over half of it is ported to other ( non-portable ) systems as well . 
  it 'd also be a fantastic emulator for a lot of systems . 
  ... if only the memory cards did n't cost a kidney and half a lung . 
  i think he means defamation of character rather than slander . 
  it 's illegal in germany afaik, 
  at least , just opening up someone 's inbox to find some business critical emails involves jumping through a lot of hoops ( including getting a signed declaration from the person , if they 've left the company ) . 
  other things can become even more difficult to do . 
  it 's my 3ds . 
  i should be allowed to do whatever i want with my property . 
  if you 're downloading an undub of fates , you might as well get the fan translation as well and just install the rom . 
  the scripts are very different . 
  i have n't seen any hans files around for a long time though , sorry . 
  okay , so impressions 15 hours in :, 
  - i love the story . 
  i like alm a lot more than celica , i expected it the other way around . 
  his jp voice is very soothing . 
  - the gameplay is n't as bad as i expected . 
  it 's a little too easy , and positioning does n't matter at all , but the dodge rate for enemies is nicely high and none of my units can ohko , which is good . 
  - archers can finally attack from * distance * . 
  ranges are great . 
  - the game looks and sounds gorgeous . 
  i think it 's the best looking fire emblem game so far , barring maybe radiant dawn . 
  - the translation is * fantastic * . 
  i hope they give future fe games to 8-4 again , i love the flair and personality they gave the lines while keeping them accurate . 
  this is my biggest surprise , because i was n't hopeful after what happened to fates . 
  i might even go for the dub on a future lunatic playthrough . 
  - the amiibo are very well made , the details are spot on and i could n't see any paint bleed . 
  the a4 artbook is really comfy to browse - the large format is great for hidari 's beautiful art . 
  i 'm glad i decided to splurge on the se last minute . 
  some of the early dungeon music reminds me of the field tracks for zestiria . 
  which is n't a bad thing at all . 
  the eu version has a lot of unnecessary things on the bottom half of the outside of the box : the big ugly german rating and a picture of the various things included . 
  the way they wrote `` limited edition '' in two languages between celica and alm also is n't very elegant compared to the gold lettering below them on the aus cover . 
  the full effect is that it looks cluttered . 
  i definitely like the box you guys got better . 
  echoes so far has a way better story than awakening or fates . 
  but you should definitely get back to conquest some day , that route has some of the best gameplay in the series . 
  fair enough , i understand the feeling because i struggled with this too before i broke down and just got the rom . 
  it depends really if you consider those online services an essential part of the console and the game you paid for . 
  but i 'm not banned and i do n't really play online at all , so whatever . 
  as long as i can still open the eshop i 'm fine . 
  there have been reports on that hacking forum of people with vanilla homebrew being banned , so it does n't seem to be limited to cfw . 
  i think it would make an interesting lawsuit in a european court , if you purchase something online ( even just cosmetic dlc ) and the company does n't let you access it anymore after a certain time . 
  but yeah that sort of thing does feel scammy to me too . 
  echoes has the best story and arguably graphics , fe fates conquest has the best gameplay ( also the most difficult ) and awakening is more of a balance between the two . 
  i also recommend going for awakening first , or barring that echoes . 
  the memory card may be failing . 
  devil survivor 2 has a communist route with ronaldo . 
  everyone agrees it 's the worst one , but you might enjoy it . 
  pasta-with-egg was one of my favorite dishes when i was small . 
  my grandmother would also add bits of bacon to it . 
  i used sliderhax and menuhax to hack mine , i do n't remember what firmware version i was on though . 
  before cfw i used ironhax for homebrew . 
  well , he 'd be of age in most of europe ? 
  i would have loved that when i was 15 . 
  well not the money part , that would have fucked me up considering the whole slut-shaming around prostitution , but an attractive 40 year old taking an interest in me ? 
  27 year old female actually . 
  i 've always liked older guys ( and girls my age , but that 's different ) . 
  din cate stiu romania are legi anti-discriminare . 
  to be fair , that 's probably the tastiest bread in europe . 
  my apartment block did something like this , and the administrator distributed keys to most of the apartments . 
  at midday during a work week . 
  i 've been leaving my trash in front of the neatly locked door to the trashcans since . 
  i 'm hoping my neighbours will get tired of cleaning up after me and realise how stupid it is . 
  ( yes , i 've tried getting a key . 
  it 's surprisingly hard to get a hold of a 70 year old woman with memory problems . ), 
  edit : nevermind , i thought the crappy design was locking the trashcans away . 
  my shower has a shitty drain and * everything * in the water settles down before it drains away . 
  it 's always caked with dead skin and hair after a week . 
  i do n't want to imagine what it 'd look like if i also peed there . 
  ( but this is an edge case i guess ), 
  how do you cut the food into smaller bits ? 
  or do you eat it all in one bite ? 
  that actually looks really good . 
  how do you get cheese to harden like that ? 
  oh , trump is being a voice of change . 
  just not intentionally . 
  since trump got elected , the following things happened :, 
  * the paris accord and climate change is getting a * lot * of press , and in a good way, 
  * the unofficial `` do n't ask do n't tell '' around illegal immigrants broke and people decided to rally * for * them , to the point of enacting sanctuary cities and going against presidential orders . 
  not to mention this is not local : i 've barely heard anything in europe against refugees this year . 
  * public healthcare is getting * a lot * of good press also , far more than ever before . 
  * people everywhere woke up to the rising far-right , that it 's not just an internet thing . 
  * most importantly to me personally , europe is more united than ever . 
  yes , there will be casualties because of trump ( or rather , because of the terrible terrible republicans controlling everything ) . 
  whether it 'll have been worth it - we 'll see in four years . 
  ( for the record , i 'd have voted for clinton because ends do n't justify all means , but trump 's effect on society is everything i hoped it would be should he get elected . ), 
  if you do n't mind something fancier , they go great with hollandaise sauce . 
  eventual daca spui `` profesor de germana '' . 
  for some reason , tweezing facial hair in a given spot only hurts the first time . 
  the first time i tweezed half of my girl-stache was after a dentist 's appointment and half my upper lip was numb . 
  the second time was way easier . 
  the other half of the lip - well , it took another dentist 's appointment months later do it . 
  ( i have to tweeze my chin and upper lip every other day . ), 
  not as bad as nose hair . 
  ( please do n't try ), 
  if you put the finger slightly above the hair , it does n't hurt ( but it takes an eternity and you will damage the skin by digging the tweezer in ) . 
  waxing is plain torture though . 
  dar l-am ales perfect democratic pe iohannis . 
  i would n't let them grow out enough for an epilator to work , and the hairs are really dark and thick .
