  til from the wikipedia article that jeanne d'arc was n't charged and executed for heresy , but for crossdressing . 
  a complex road system is a lot less impressive than a gigantic pyramid . 
  the reason these poc societies get hit with it the most imho is because they have the most impressive monuments left behind . 
  the most recent common ancestor to every human alive was n't that long ago :, 
  genetically and culturally , a black american is just as close to the roman empire as they are to ancient egypt so the ancestors line of thought is sort of moot . 
  they 're still releasing vc games in japan . 
  i * think * ( and this is just my guess ) that noj ports vc games . 
  those vc games either already have a translation , and then noa/noe also release it , or they still need a translation and noa wo n't bother with that because muh margins . 
  it makes sense if the most recent vc games are games never released in the west . 
  with some exceptions , like the mysterious murasame castle . 
  cranks are n't zombies in the book . 
  they 're regular people with a disease that slowly causes them to go insane and violent , over the course of weeks and months . 
  the third book has some scenes that feel more like a zombie apocalypse towards the end , but in the second book there 's only one scene where they 're chased by them , and it was a lot less than the equivalent scene in the movie . 
  but it 's not really fair to compare the book with the movie : the scorch trials had a whopping two scenes in common with book , the thunderstorm and the night club , and both of them were different in key ways . 
  the book was about the kids following wicked 's strange orders to run across the desert , while the movie was about the kids running * from * wicked . 
  slowpoke edit : dessert -  desert, 
  witch & hero is pretty good , try the demo . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  you * have * to have to have a lot of strength of conviction and optimism or you stop being a christian . 
  for me , it nearly destroyed my self-worth . 
  if you have a vita , you should play persona 4 golden . 
  if you do n't , the ps2 version of persona 4 can be emulated from a game disc on the pc in hd ( set the internal resolution higher ) . 
  for persona 3 , you should play p3fes first then p3p for the female mc 's route . 
  confessions . 
  ce relevanta are ca e grasa ? 
  4chan is a lot of things , but i would n't call them radical feminists, 
  6.33 $ ( 27.99 ron ) in romania . 
  hah , i was a * really * picky eater . 
  i 'd have rather not eaten anything ( or rather , stolen food from the fridge ) than eat the things i did n't like . 
  it was like asking me to chew paracetamol . 
  i still do n't like heaps of stuff , but my palate dulled with age so i 'm able to swallow , say , cooked carrots without throwing them up again . 
  one third of people are supertasters , a supertaster kid will pretty much always be picky . 
  radiant historia - i 'm playing this right now and it 's * fantastic * , i love the characters , i love the plot and i love the gameplay . 
  i 've never seen a better implementation of time travel . 
  just emulate them on a pc . 
  oh , and i forgot to mention - the battery life when playing this is also spectacular !, 
  i swear my 3ds lasts at least 10 hours on it . 
  another thing lolicons often say is that they imagine themselves as the drawn child being sexualized , as themselves being acted upon rather than doing anything to a child . 
  how is this different from the adult who is being infantilized during roleplay ? 
  you can see a tv , a toilet * and * traffic lights from where you are sitting ? 
  where are you sitting ? 
  you can re-download your games if you have a club nintendo / nnid ( not entirely sure which you need ) , but your savegames will be lost . 
  there 's nothing in the bible to contradict aliens . 
  nothing to support them either . 
  kind of like a million other things that did n't blow religion up . 
  you should return it if you can , but yeah , they 're pretty normal . 
  personally i like having options . 
  it 's a game after all . 
  maybe a ` make everyone bisexual ' toggle in the options menu haha, 
  not that it would work well in games like this that have child mechanics , since you 'll usually want to maximize the number of recruitables . 
  to be fair , it has a fan-translation already . 
  i 've always wondered why they did n't just stick them into a matrix-style vr . 
  if they are advanced enough for teleportation and to monitor precise brain patterns , and have unlimited funds , surely it would be more efficient . 
  does n't that ` we ' mean ` we , the people of america ' ? 
  like when someone writes , ` we were willing to go to war over oil ' , ` we were willing to sacrifice hiroshima ' , etc they 're not taking a personal stance on it . 
  there was a huge scandal about exactly this in romania this winter . 
  a man took this issue to court and it was decided that a ` default ' religion class was unconstitutional and children had to submit written requests to participate . 
  what followed was a huge uproar , with the orthodox church handing out leaflets and campaigning to parents to have their kids join religion class , non-religion teachers handing out printed requests in class and theathening the kids with bad grades , the religion teachers promising perfect grades ... 
  in the end , 89,75 % of children opted to join the class . 
  so many games coming out , so little time and money . 
  how come these games are all coming out in fall/winter ? 
  call nintendo and ask them to transfer your nnid . 
  you might be interested in this : www.ibtimes.co.uk/sexual-orientation-uk-half-young-people-say-they-are-not-100-heterosexual-1515690, 
  half the cast being main character-sexual ( i.e. 
  mostly heterosexual , swinging slightly towards bisexual for the right person ) is perfectly in line with reality . 
  in case you ca n't , you can always charge it using a usb cable . 
  between the two , desu2 is the better game . 
  it has a more fleshed out cast of characters ( pq falls a little flat in this ) , a darker , much more involved plot , and i 'd even say the gameplay is better . 
  pq is essentially a fanservice game . 
  it 's great if you want to see more of the p3/4 cast and like eo style dungeon crawling . 
  desu2 is a grid-based srpg along the lines of fire emblem - so no dungeons and no random encounters . 
  both have fusion mechanics . 
  it really depends on what sort of game you want . 
  when you close the lid , push it down from the edges and not the middle - to prevent the hinges from cracking ( this is areally common problem ) . 
  you can only install a limited number of games to a sky3ds , iirc . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  not condoning torture = / = being a pedophile apologist, 
  sounds more like psychopathy . 
  in the harry potter books , all descriptions are filtered through harry 's eyes , and it makes sense for a boy who was abused and starved while growing up with two fat people ( vernon and dudley ) to fixate on that . 
  even then , it 's only really brought up with the villains - neville and molly are fine . 
  i have n't read the casual vacancy though , so i 'm not saying this trend does n't generally exist in her writing . 
  [ off-topic , another thing harry does n't like is dogs : you have aunt marge 's dogs , fluffy and fang who are both consistently described as big and scary , sirius whose dog form is literally an omen of death , and pansy , a mean-spirited girl who is described as pug-faced . ], 
  bravely default :, 
  + turn based rpg, 
  + more or less an old-school final fantasy, 
  + one of the best soundtracks in gaming history, 
  + story-focused ( although the story is sort of meh imho ), 
  + limited cast, 
  + no replayability , but the game itself is fairly long, 
  + no dlc except for a potion that is entirely optional and can be acquired in-game, 
  + variable , adjustable difficulty that you can change whenever you want, 
  + in terms of presence in other games , there are bd dlc songs in theatrythm, 
  + has a direct sequel coming out early 2016, 
  + turn-based , grid-based srpg, 
  + gameplay-focused, 
  + the story is also better , although it 's not as important, 
  + a huge cast , but only a handful of them are developed, 
  + waifus and husbandos, 
  + you can customize your avatar character, 
  + the story is shorter , but it 's insanely replayable ( i have almost 300 hours logged in it ),
