  amazing = 20 cm from the router , constant solid 10mb + down speed limited only by the router . 
  how 's the framerate these days ? 
  i 'm curious how much better kingdom hearts 3d looks with a decent resolution . 
  that 's my real download speed on a crappy router that caps my download speed , and i pay like 7 $ / month for it . 
  not sure what speed my contract says i have . 
  honestly , i do n't care that much about cheaters . 
  good for them i guess ? 
  congratulations on the millions of points you gathered on a mobile game ? 
  but then again , i picked anguis and anguis is basically slytherin . 
  everything got tagged with spoilers , imcluding things like gameplay that were n't spoilers . 
  the effect was the same . 
  browsing it on mobile made it impossible to read the titles . 
  i just got 2 trash medals and an ok-ish one at a 600/3 draw . 
  feeling sort of jealous here . 
  i keep it maxed constantly , but never really thought it needed to be brighter than that . 
  whichever you find cheaper . 
  then toss a die . 
  none of them have anything to do with the others and none of them have sequels coming out . 
  i did n't enjoy the characters and story in bd , fea felt more fleshed out . 
  in terms of gameplay , fea is also less grindy . 
  levelling is pretty quick in this game . 
  just go back to a previous area and look for treasure you might have missed . 
  you should also look into cooking . 
  eating food gives you some pretty hefty boosts . 
  attack of the friday monsters is a little shorter than that . 
  maybe it and weapon shop de omasse . 
  if you exclude people with poor education , you exclude poor people . 
  you also do n't want to exclude mentally ill people who are perfectly fine most of the time and former felons - if anything , they are some of the groups who badly need more representation . 
  just have everyone who participates in the lottery be older than a certain arbitrary age ( 25 ? 
  and bring a note from the doctor when they sign up , declaring them capable of decision making . 
  test the cartridge on another device , if you can . 
  well , it 's not the * best * part of it , but i enjoyed the item collecting aspect of rune factory 4 . 
  you run around gathering all sort of things , crafting matts as well , but those are n't the only things that drop . 
  for most of the game i did n't even touch the crafting system , i just used one of the huge number of stuff i found lying around . 
  later in the game you can even grow your own dungeons , and the only draw of running those dungeons is the super high number of items you find there . 
  how is being chemically castrated and tagged a hindrance to leading an otherwise normal life ? 
  the us system of sex offender lists does way more damage to the future prospects of a rapist fresh out of prison than castrating him , chemically or otherwise , and then monitoring him from afar . 
   tell us a little about yourself . 
  i 'm 26 and i work in it support . 
  i joined reddit on a whim after i got my 3ds because of the active community here . 
  i 've been here for 2 years now , i do n't think i 've ever spent this much time in one online community hah, 
   what timezone are you in ? 
  gmt +2, 
   how much time do you spend on reddit ? 
  what times are you most active on reddit ? 
  i reddit from my phone , so i 'm online sporadically during the day . 
  i 'm more available in the evening , after work , but that also when i do other stuff . 
  i 'm mostly a lurker , i usually end up reading every thread anyway . 
   why are you interested in the sub ? 
  what do you like about it ? 
  well , i have a 3ds ... 
  i also like that the community is ( mostly ) peaceful and low-drama , certain subjects aside . 
   how much experience do you have ( if any ) moderating ? 
  my one short stint as a mod on some forum 11 years ago does n't exactly count , i barely remember what it was - something anime related . 
  so , not really . 
  to be honest , i 'm also not convinced i * want * the responsibilities of being a mod , but since this is pretty much my favorite place on the internet right now , i figured i 'd apply . 
   any ideas on how this sub could improve , or what you 'd like to see from this sub in the future ? 
  make a tech support sticky . 
  more discussions about games ( in particular , not in general ) would also be nice , although i 'm not sure how to implement this . 
  maybe a game of the week thing . 
   what 's your favorite 3ds game ? 
  this is a hard one !, 
  option one would be shin megami tensei iv , which is one of the best-looking games on the system and a thick , well-crafted atmosphere where you really fall in love with the setting - well , i did at least . 
  the other game i like best is rune factory 4 - it 's a charming mish-mash of everything i like in games . 
   provide links to a few of your past comments on / r/3ds that showcase your contributions to this community . 
  i had a hard time finding anything that i posted that looks like an actual contribution hah . 
  maybe [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/3ds/comments/374o26/just_started_playing_rune_factory_4_what_are_your/crjp4aq ) or [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/3ds/comments/2q9nn1/shin_megami_tensei_iv_vs_devil_survivor/cn44gqt ) . 
  i have a lot of posts in threads discussing homebrew or fire emblem that i 'd rather just forget about ( not that they were bad , just the subjects are a gigantic dead horse by now ) , and recommendation posts in the sticky where i mostly end up plugging rune factory 4 because it 's such a catch-all game . 
  oooh , thanks . 
  i 've been waiting for oot to make the list . 
  i 've just been wanting to get into zelda . 
  hoping for a gay romance option with the jun lookalike - atlus should be fairly open to the idea , since there were those assets even in p4 that seemed they were planning to make yosuke a romance option too . 
  aaaaaatluuuuus, 
  is terraria crashing an issue people have ? 
  it never crashed while i was playing it . 
  they are releasing a second wave of ses in june , that 's why . 
  that 's also when my amazon preorder is planned to ship . 
  i do n't like using the mouse ( partly because the usb controller on my motherboard is wonky so the mouse keeps freezing ) , so the 3ds port is the definitive version for me . 
  physical smt final pretty please ? 
  this reminds me , i really need to import a copy of smt4 one of these days , now that we have regionfree homebrew . 
  you might want to downgrade once you regain access to homebrew , to avoid this sort of thing . 
  yes . 
  if it 's anything like awakening , casual hard is also generally a better choice if you 're a beginner and unsure about difficulty than classic normal . 
  smtiv is basically this . 
  it 's a game that relies on atmosphere and minor interactions with npcs to tell its story . 
  maybe it 'd have been an actual crossover , and the map enemies would be demons . 
  they could use a more modern , maybe sort of hybrid setting ( steampunk ? ), 
  and bring in the main characters from past games , with a couple unique to this game . 
  thing is , i trust atlus a lot more than is to make a good game , so i do n't think an is helmed #fe would have been much better . 
  it would n't be like desu , because it relies something atlus is good at and is is n't : writing . 
  nobody plays fire emblem for the story , and the characters have always been so-so - it 's all about the gameplay . 
  the srpg elements are also pretty different between desu and fe . 
  on the other hand , since not all smt games are turn-based rpgs , any true crossover between the two games * should * have been an fe style srpg . 
  maybe it 's from a different region ? 
  i thought chapter 5 was the easiest case - case 2 left me stumped though . 
  * looks at date * a month , huh . 
  found this thread by googling `` danganronpa 2 case 2 bullshit '' . 
  yay for eoiv !, 
  i already have the rest ( and would n't want them digitalanyway , because i like the covers ) but i 've been wanting eoiv for a long time < 3, 
  conversely , the other two games are bad entries into their series : sh is a little dated , and persona q is a fanservice game of persona 3 and 4 with eo gameplay .
