  if it wants to raise awareness of an issue to people who are n't aware of it , it fails . 
  i do n't see the issue with it either . 
  january , july and october are a bit weird i suppose but you can still tell what they mean . 
  i still get a c2-12828-1 error . 
  adrenaline installed fine the first time , but i got this error the first time i tried to load it and i ca n't open the easy installer either since then . 
  edit : rebuilding the database did n't help, 
  edit2 : offline installer wo n't work now either now . 
  it seems to be spreading . 
  edit3 : i delete the config file from the taihen folder ( made a backup ) hoping that would help , but now taihen wo n't load either without crashing . 
  welp . 
  nitpick , but wanting something does n't mean you act towards it . 
  i want a ps4 but have n't been saving any money towards it because it 's not an immediate priority . 
  when conservatives say they want a small government , it 's a different matter - they just do n't understand the concept . 
  the bible includes some vague instructions on how to force an abortion if your wife is carrying another man 's children . 
  it was n't unknown at the time . 
  even in romania it 's 0.13 $, 
  and no subtitles on a lot of content . 
  i 'd have bought my mom a netflix subscription long ago if it was n't for the lack of content and frequent lack of translations . 
  considering it 's a controlled test environment , would n't most people just assume the person on the other side getting shocked - is n't ? 
  that experiment always seemed strange to me because of this . 
  til , children do n't get violent , and violence is less serious than sex . 
  europe and japan are depraved places filled with children emulating sex in movies ... 
  that 's not true and you know it . 
  it 's one of those things where the obvious intuitive answer is wrong . 
  i was fighting with classmates as a kid , inspired by dbz . 
  i 've heard of kids stealing their parent 's airsoft guns and hurting each other with that . 
  then there 's that famous story of a kid who died playing ninja . 
  i 've heard far fewer anecdotal cases of kids having sex because of movies , yes . 
  you underestimate how violent kids ( humans ) are . 
  i. . . do n't see the problem ? 
  i thought this is how it worked everywhere ? 
  you get the containers so you can dip the wings yourself . 
  what 's the alternative , dumping them all over the wings ? 
  half the sauce will be stuck at the bottom and on your hands . 
  what a weird thing to have a cultural difference . 
  incearca sa nu te dai batut si sa incerci in continuare . 
  i do n't think communist romania was corrupt because of any of those things . 
  although years of systemic oppression might fit , by the ottomans , although some time had passed by then . 
  i did n't even know it had a filter like this . 
  what names are you trying ? 
  updating locks you out of hacking your console . 
  i would n't recommend it unless you are 100 % sure you never want to do that . 
  the fantranslation might even be finished by that point . 
  version 4.1 has gotten pretty far afaik, 
  ( it hurts to think about , that this game got `` localised '' so badly it needed to be re-translated from scratch ), 
  they rewrote some supports like henry 's and gregor 's and renamed everyone . 
  but their naming sense was a lot better in awakening , and the dialogue changes were n't as fundamental . 
  to be honest , i recommend playing through awakening on hard and lunatic/casual , then maybe going for one of the older games before playing conquest . 
  the story of fates is famously pretty bad , but it 's slightly more palatable if you play conquest first , and then birthright . 
  the only reason to play birthright first would be difficulty progression , but you can get around that by playing some of the other games first . 
  is n't two pages standard ? 
  i 'm not . 
  is n't it hard to fit the basic information , schooling , work experience , skills and languages onto a single page ? 
  the guides i read back when i made mine also seemed to think one page sends the wrong signal , because it 's too short . 
  i ca n't even tell anymore, 
  make homework burn again ? 
  homework + smartphone + unicorn = gold puke ? 
  i 'm getting mixed messages here . 
  i thought it was a weird vomiting emoji at first . 
  romania and bulgaria [ already qualify for schengen ] ( http://www.schengenvisainfo.com/romania-bulgaria-qualify-join-schengen-area/ ) , the real reason we have not joined it yet is because we 'd need an unanimous vote , and there 's this certain migrant minority nobody wants to deal with . 
  your motivation to get up in the morning is that you might get banrupted by medical bills any time ? 
  i do n't think it 's the same people shouting both . 
  different groups have different opinions . 
  stop saying `` socialism '' . 
  people have died in my country ( romania ) to get rid of the socialist system - european countries are * social democracies * . 
  and that distinction is important . 
  sure . 
  but government control and government regulation are different - the second is necessary to ensure a market that 's actually free in a system like capitalism that naturally leads to a small number of entities having all the power . 
  am facut liceul in limba germana si e interesant sa compar ora de romana care o faceam cu ora de germana . 
  yes well . 
  he 'll fit right in with trump 's cabinet then . 
  keep your enemies close and your friends closer ? 
  this one is the most frustrating , to be honest . 
  partially because i * want * an anti-russian narrative to exist ( as an east european ) , but i just ca n't bring myself to swallow it after looking at the evidence in this case . 
  cognitive dissonance is annoying . 
  sell that iphone and buy a pair of bootstraps , you lazy bum . 
  to be fair , he did shake up the system . 
  we are seeing actual social activism and political involvement on the rise from the general populace , which could be very good in the long term . 
  young democrats especially are learning just how important voting is . 
  at least , for the ones who wo n't die in natural disasters caused by climate change . 
  lazy . 
  the director seiji kishi often seems to pull this for his game adaptations instead of spending time directing an actual op . 
  i wish they would stop hiring him to adapt games i like ( though for other reasons ) . 
  tipa are inel de aur . 
  i 've avoided them so far . 
  to be honest , it just looks like a tiny dildo with a wart . 
  america yeah fried butter !, 
  ps2 games look stunning on emulators tho, 
  and since you can play game discs from dvd drives and use controllers , i do n't even know why people still bother with actual ps2s . 
  have you tried ? 
  a dual core with an nvidia 7400-ish gpu was enough to run nocturne and p3 back in the day . 
  p4 is more demanding than nocturne , but not by that much , so ok i understand . 
  we instituted it in romania for a year as an interim government , and it was far more efficient than any other government we 've had , ever . 
  people still voted for the guys promising higher pensions next election cycle though . 
  kaito something . 
  ( because he 's a kaito and it 's a cool name ), 
  where does that come from ? 
  kurusu sounds more like someone mispronouncing chris than actual name . 
  edit : apparently it 's from the manga . 
  all those ` u ' sounds makes it weirdly awkward to pronounce .
