   after hours of mh3u on my xl, 
  err . 
  do n't play for hours in one sitting ? 
  i 'm not talking about indie games . 
  it 's embarrassing when the system does n't even have all atelier or tales of games localised , those are major titles for fuck 's sake . 
  to say nothing of the dearth of visual novels . 
  edit : yeah , exactly . 
  i get where you are coming from . 
  i just updated it on friday , damn . 
  it 's # 70 * before * shipping . 
  it 's that much for me me as well , $ 155 . 
  and i live in the eu . 
  well , they did offer # 5 ( $ 8.5 ) off when i asked why it 's so much more expensive to ship to my country , but that does n't really help that much ... 
  thank you . 
  i admit my information might be a bit out of date . 
  i 'd be happy to pirate just rune factory 4 for now . 
  eh , i 'm just glad nis is n't in charge of smtiv . 
  they 'd charge 60 pounds just for the digital game . 
   one that can be generally be considered better, 
  two , i 'd say . 
  and personally i 'd also consider three of the endings bad , but that 's just me . 
  this . 
  this , so many times . 
  plus , break record will also be on the 3ds . 
  then there 's always a chance of atlus announcing a desu 3 game , since this sub-series is pretty popular . 
  maybe i should do a fea playthrough with the default mc . 
  heh , i 'm far too fond of my own purple-haired tactician . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's a great price for it !, 
  ... seriously ? 
  it was cancelled for europe . 
  ( surprise ? ), 
  i agree 100 %, 
  tbh , all i care about is the regionlocking . 
  remove that and i 'm dandy . 
  rune factory 4 will never have a eu release . 
  way to rub it in . 
  ... yes , i 'm still bitter about it . 
  maybe they want to learn japanese ? 
  idk , i 'd import something like youkai watch for this purpose ( since i assume it has furigana ) . 
  not just tumblr though . 
  i got mad at it too because i liked the way naoto 's dungeon did n't focus on gender identity and how she seemed comfortable as a guy . 
  maybe try less shading ? 
  anime-style characters do n't focus too much on that . 
  yeah , that was what i though about the bravely default le too . 
  what 's with europe and impossible prices ? 
  shipping to romania is # 20 . 
  well , there are some games that have a slightly more futuristic feel to them :, 
  smt : soul hackers, 
  virtue 's last reward - this is a visual novel / puzzle game hybrid . 
  it has a fantastic story ( make sure to play 999 first ) . 
  moon chronicles is an fps that should feel fairly futuristic as well . 
  the starship damrey also , but it 's not a very good game . 
  devil survivor overclocked takes place in modern-day tokyo , so if you 're looking for something that is not medieval , this is my recommendation . 
  smtiv might also count , but i have n't played it . 
  smt games usually have a bit of cyberpunk to them . 
  if you 're fine with ds games , you could also try strange journey . 
  i 'll take atlus 's prices ( hopefully ? 
  pretty please ? ), 
  over the kind of physical releases nis does . 
  i swore i would n't buy nis physicals anymore since i noticed that they never include any inserts ( no cd for soul hackers , no paper booklet in anything ) , but i probably would have bought smtiv . 
  mining conditions ? 
  i mean , i 'm not a miner , but yeah , i guess they do have it pretty bad . 
  and yes , it was . 
  i kinda snapped and sent nis a very strongly worded email , so they offered me a # 5 discount . 
  after i came to my senses i realised that it would n't help much . 
  to be honest , the worst thing is that we 're lumped with the uk for prices . 
  well , no . 
  soul hackers would be even duller , because it 's older . 
  if you do n't like turn-based battles , you wo n't like mainline smt either . 
  since you liked persona , the ps2 digital devil saga games are worth trying though ( same series , broadly speaking ) . 
  that said , overclocked is a strategy rpg so you can give that a try instead . 
  you do dole out hits to static models , but the fights are very quick . 
   insane difficulty level . 
  not true . 
  at all . 
  in fact , the puzzles are pretty easy because the game nearly tells you everything . 
  and if you ca n't figure something out , it 's because you 've overlooked a clue somewhere . 
  believe me , it 's not hard at all . 
  i 've seen it criticised for being too easy , but not too hard . 
  give it a try . 
  if you like visual novels , even more so . 
   moon on the ds, 
  the 3ds version is a remake , i think . 
  i heard the controls are comfortable , but you 'd have to ask someone who played it . 
  there are some videos on youtube . 
  literally the only retailer . 
  oh , the game will be available normally . 
  it 's just the limited edition that is , well , limited . 
  i do n't remember anyone complaining about virtue 's last reward though ? 
  that was japanese only . 
  holy shit there are other 3ds players in romania ? 
  and interested in kingdom hearts ? 
  cough anyway . 
  if you want to save money , import an american 3ds . 
  you will save money in the long run . 
  the games are are all  50 ron cheaper there . 
  do n't make the same mistake as me buying a european device . 
  edit : i bought mine from the uk around christmas , for ~ 130 pounds . 
  make sure to compare prices between amazon de and amazon uk , and do n't select the option to convert the currency .
