  yeah , i found this the most difficult part of doing keto as well . 
  people with a hacked console : the ntr cfw seems to be broken according to the / r/3dshacks , but luma and a9lh work . 
  wait a little longer before updating though to let the nice folks over at that sub check everything though . 
  if you have cocaine on you , use it to powder your face so you appear more white . 
  wtf . 
  asa e , in sporturile adevarate [ esti mult mai imbracat ] ( http://ris.fashion.telegraph.co.uk/richimageservice.svc/imagecontent/1/tmg9464544/p/poland-reu_2305012a.jpg ) . 
  google `` pula in erectie '' majoritatea par orizontale, 
  good . 
  a calorie is a calorie in an absolute sense , but a calorie from sugar is either used up or turned into fat really quickly . 
  quick energy is pretty much its purpose . 
  the body takes longer to process that same calorie from fat or protein , giving you a longer window to burn it off before it goes into ` storage ' . 
  of course , this is if your body is even adapted to using the fat instead of crying for more sugar . 
  but that 's in / r/keto territory already . 
  alcohol can actively prevent the body from metabolising sugar or protein , by occupying the liver with more urgent toxins . 
  this is one reason diabetics have a complicated relationship with it . 
  so in a sense , alcohol might cancel out its own calories . 
  time also matters . 
  if you consume , say , 5 units of energy and you have an hour of bmr to use it up before it `` expires '' ( gets stored away ) , vs. if you consume the same 5 units of energy but have 5 hours of bmr to use it up . 
  i did that at 17 . 
  aerobic three times a week for an hour and half . 
  jogging right after . 
  the weight melted right off , as you said . 
  once school began again , i put the weight back so quickly my classmates never even noticed i had a waist for a while . 
  the problem with losing weight from sports is that , if you do n't fix your eating , the weight is going straight back on as soon as you stop doing it . 
  and chances are you 'll stop doing it at some point . 
  and fixing your eating when your body is far off its set-point * not easy * . 
  it 's not a useful method if it 's not permanent . 
  yo-yo-ing does more damage to you than just staying at your original weight . 
  fuck , i did n't read it properly and thought that was the localisation mistake they were apologising for . 
  or a pc at all , emulators can run ps2 disks even on toasters these days . 
  ( i think even the n3ds can run some ps2 roms , but that 's beside the point ), 
  pokemon conquest ? 
  you mean fire emblem ? 
  oh , it 's a great weight * loss * method . 
  my point is that it falls apart when considering maintaining the weight loss 2 + years . 
  it seems like i was wrong about weight cycling being harmful though , which is promising since i 've done that a lot . 
  i did n't recommend pirating , i just mentioned as a parallel to the toaster remark , that even the relatively under-powered 3ds can still play some ps2 games . 
  / u/nanupiscean regarding the order , if you 're playing awakening first , and you manage to clear it on hard/classic , for fates i recommend going conquest/normal to birthright/hard . 
  the order usually recommended is the natural progression for the complexity of the gameplay , but birthright is basically awakening as far as strategy is concerned , and the story works better in this order . 
  think of conquest as the bad end and hoshido as the good end . 
  playing the good end first really pushes the horrible decisions you make in nohr to the forefront . 
  no they do n't . 
  source : i 'm romanian . 
  greco-catholics and orthodox are * different * denominations of christianity . 
  the romanian one just calls itself `` romanian orthodox church '' . 
  catholic is nowhere in its official name . 
  well , i 'm not sure how the creeds go in other languages , since i do n't know them , but the romanian one does n't have that :, 
  `` i believe in one , holy , ecumenical and apostolic church ... '' . 
  compare to the one used by actual catholics , which goes like this :, 
  ] ( https://ro.wikisource.org/wiki/crezul_romano-catolic ), 
  the orthodox creed explicitly avoids using the word `` catholic '' . 
  the grammar is a little different between the two , in romanian catholic prayers tend to use more modern language and orthodox ones more old-fashioned . 
  i personally do n't , but that 's beside the point :, 
  `` i believe in one , holy , ecumenical and apostolic church ... '' . 
  well , conquest makes slightly more sense as a route if you have n't played birthright first . 
  you choose to trust your adoptive family and adoptive father , even if he is the most unpleasant person you know . 
  was n't there that poll among british students where only about half of them declared they were straight ? 
  it 's not possible to get truly accurate numbers in societies where a lot of people are still closeted or unaware bisexuality is a thing ( ie , thinking they must be straight if they are attracted to women ) . 
  when things break , our users are usually using firefox or chrome and we direct them back to ie11 . 
  i 've also found it easier to troubleshoot . 
  times sure have changed . 
  then again , i 've been using opera for 15 years now , so i 'm not one to talk about times changing . 
  not necessarily , but why not if it 's the direct sequel ? 
  fire emblem is a game that requires a lot of thought and strategy , i would n't recommend playing it while half awake . 
  unless you like the frustration of constantly replaying one map until you stop making silly half-awake mistakes and killing your units . 
  between the two , i 'd say twewy since it 's more actiony and less thinky , and you only need to use one of the screens to get through the game . 
  you do n't have to , though . 
  you can get through it just fine by controlling just neku . 
  yes , it is . 
  depending on the world you generate , it might crash sometimes , but that does n't always happen . 
  the controls are fantastic . 
  there should be an smt4 sale soon , because apocalypse just released , i recommend keeping an eye out for it before spending all your money . 
  the difference between dq7 and smt4 is whether you want a light-hearted fantasy rpg or a dark , dystopian rpg . 
  smt4 also has a `` collect them all '' aspect like pokemon . 
  i very briefly controlled joshua because his inputs were simple , but otherwise only controlled neku . 
  but that was on an emulator almost a decade ago , i heard controlling them was easier on an actual ds . 
  i 've actually bought the game recently and want to replay it sometime . 
  and you pick the game with great gameplay and a terrible story to do this with ? 
  twewy is a story focused action rpg , you do n't have to utilize the full gameplay system , just what works . 
  there are no difficulty levels iirc, 
  in fe , you only have to utilize what works too ( you do n't have to grind all units or whatever ) , but planning on putting it on normal/phoenix just so you can brute force it really ruins the game . 
  ah it 's been like 7 years since i played twewy . 
  i played conquest/hard/casual first ( reset if anyone dies , but liberal use of battle saves ) . 
  i 'm playing through birthright/hard/classic now and it 's a little too easy . 
  i love the characters and i love the maps ( especially in conquest ) but you 're the first person i 've seen call the * story * good . 
  this series is mostly about strategic gameplay , with everything else more as flavouring . 
  between the two , twewy has the better story . 
  if you 're neutering the gameplay for story , at least pick a game where the story is good imho . 
  but that 's wrong , it has the best gameplay, 
  do you want an edgy , apocalyptic rpg with more realistic art and serious themes , or do you want a light adventure ? 
  i do n't remember either devil survivor using 3d , mostly because they used the bottom screen only most of the time . 
  i played casual for battle saves , not unit survival . 
  i 'd prefer a mode like path of radiance that has permadeath and battle saves to be honest . 
  i 'm playing birthright like that now ( with maybe less focus on unlocking supports , because certain localization changes to personalities bother me ) , but i definitely had more fun struggling through conquest . 
  interesting that you mention exploration , since fe does n't have any . 
  for memorable characters ... well , it 's been a long time , but i cheered when i met joshua in kingdom hearts . 
  reddit is also heavily used by the international community . 
  most of this discussion is about europe , where the migrants are , not the us which barely takes any . 
  romanians do this too . 
  not sure why .
