  avort post-natal , cum ar veni , se practica pe la tara . 
  my copy of the first one has been sitting on my shelf for a year , untouched . 
  i also have an hbo subscription , but other family members use the tv in the evening . 
  and i also want the episodes early , ofc . 
  why the fuck does googling deformed nipples give one set of deformed nipples , a shitload of ugly tumors , open sores and surgey images , and a dead dog for good measure . 
   once she leaves school she can do what ever she wants, 
  once she leaves school she has to find work . 
  i 'm sorry , but highschool is the only appropriate time to explore these things . 
  a lot of people work during college . 
  imho , the ranking for time to experiment should be :, 
  college ( no job )  highschool  any other time in your life  when you have a job . 
  why do you want to live your life according to a set of rules assigned to you by sheer random chance ? 
  and why do you think life even has to have a point ? 
  what you 're saying seems very suffocating . 
  life not having meaning or purpose is a very freeing thought . 
  it means i can live the way i like to , and it 's just as valid as any other lifestyle . 
  i can create my own meaning , if i ever want to . 
  stepping away from norms also requires a kind of courage , the courage to be the outsider . 
  in a word that has an ocean of social pressure around you to conform to some arbitrary idea of `` normality '' , it 's very overwhelming to just say `` i 'm done with it now , fuck everything , i 'll stop censoring myself every damn word '' . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's an intp thing or a social anxiety thing , but i always end up repressing myself to conform to my incidental social group . 
  but that 's only when i 'm in groups like that , in my alone time i 'm free and i can finally `` stretch my wings '' , so to say , by engaging in one of my hobbies . 
  not having that , or having to sacrifice that , seems like a sure recipe for suicide-by-depression . 
  * just do it, 
  ^ ( for example , when i 'm writing emails and i 'm really not sure about some phrasing , this pops into my head and i just press the send button despite my brain demanding more time to think things through . 
  small mistakes are insignificant in the grand scheme of things , people will forget missteps fast , and it 's more efficient to cringe about a bad decision later than to freeze and not do anything at all ), 
  variant of that :, 
  * if trying something costs little , try it / if there 's nothing to lose , just do it, 
  i 'm not sure about the bit with my parents , my mother is an estj , but my dad is an enfp and the biggest non-conformist i know . 
  i was more or less an accident . 
  the non-conformists who are lauded are usually an `` acceptable '' rebel ( for example , if they are rockstars or vegans ) . 
  but it 's moot , because the word `` rebel '' implies something glamorous and adventurous that people somehow want to be . 
  nobody would laud me for my messy as hell room or wasting my break at work reading webcomics . 
  my dad was a rebel when he fled the country before the 1989 revolution and built a career on selling rocks from around the world . 
  i 'm just a loner oddball with strange tastes , but that 's fine because in a meaningless world my strange tastes and positive/progressive influence i try to have on the people around me count for something . 
  maybe i can change the world someday , if i ever grow a proper fe . 
  [ 34 % of children in the us are being raised in single parent households ] ( http://datacenter.kidscount.org/data/tables/107-children-in-single-parent-families-by#detailed/1/any/false/36,868,867,133,38/10,168,9,12,1,13,185/432,431 ) . 
  [ 4 % of adopted children are being raised by same-sex couples ] ( http://www.nationaljournal.com/thenextamerica/statistics/same-sex-parents-u-s-demographic-snapshot-20120618 ) . 
  so 62 % of children are still raised in ` traditional ' families , making it still very much the norm . 
  interestingly , it is not the norm for native american or african american families ( 52 % and 67 % of children being raised in single parent families respectively ) , likely for reasons entirely unrelated ( if not directly opposite ) to any progressive agenda . 
  so a black man from africa would not be called black if he moved to america ? 
  what ? 
  can confirm , those phrases work wonders . 
  `` i saw it on discovery a few days ago '' is my favourite . 
  there 's a good chance you 're not an intx if you relate that closely to the list . 
  what makes you feel you 're an intp ? 
  the tests themselves are inaccurate as all hell , the only way to tell your type is to read the descriptions and spend some time in communities populated by your type / other types . 
  i always thought laughing at inappropriate times was a human thing , not a type thing . 
  i remember browsing the intj forums a bit back in the day , but not much because it was always too dry for my tastes . 
  i guess it means i 'm not good at detecting their humor . 
  scorpio . 
  i used to enjoy it in highschool before discovering mbti ( a reasonably complex system to categorize people ? 
  it was inevitable ) , but i grew out of it . 
  the deeper you get , the less it applies , and it 's absurd no matter how you look at it . 
  infp does n't mean that you ca n't think or wo n't overanalyze , it 's just that you 'll be doing it through a filter of values/feelings . 
  an infp who values a given task and invests feeling into it will naturally put in a lot of effort toward that . 
  also , `` thinking towards applications of instructions given to me '' is not an intp trait . 
  it 's not even an infp trait , it 's very much an extroverted thinking thing . 
  possibly tertiary , if you have reason to think you 're a `` p '' : have you considered enfp or esfp ? 
  genuine social anxiety , depression or cynism can easily mask extraversion . 
  to be honest , the biggest red flag was `` right now i feel more intp '' . 
  who ? 
  humanity as a whole , not individuals . 
  individual people are pretty boring most of the time . 
   for example , whenever i take the time to isolate myself and `` recenter '' , i take the feelings , desires , and emotional states of all of my peers into account . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't mind physical contact , as long as there 's not too much of it . 
  hugging , unless we 're also bumping wet bits , is out . 
  the tests are inaccurate . 
  you find out your type being reading the profiles and finding what fits best . 
  and for good measure :, 
  i 'm happy that helped you then . 
  infjs are rare , but they are amazing people . 
  ( they also happen to be a huge weakness of traditional typing , because they most often are logical people , giving typical t responses in mbti tests . ), 
  b-but i 'm better at turn based rpgs and my reflexes and reaction time suck . 
  i always end up overthinking things and get stuck in the meta of games . 
   everyone can connect to an adele song, 
  ah , * almost * everyone . 
  but thank you for the post , it 's given me a lot to think about . 
  an upvote , because i know exactly what you mean - i experience the same literal pain with my own country 's folk music . 
  and it was n't even a headache , it was ear-drums feeling like they 'd split if the guy did n't stop raping his stupid violin right in that moment . 
  it did n't help that the worst songs were both about 30 minutes long . 
  some people just ca n't stand certain musical styles , and some are more common than others . 
  metal , jazz and rock glorify using women for sex ? 
   but ravenclaw may actually be more tolerant of people with wild ideas, 
  were n't they bullying luna lovegood ? 
  this is absolutely wrong . 
  the results of your tests depend on many factors , including your mood and maturity . 
  the best way to determine your type * is * picking it , by reading the profiles and interacting with the community . 
  i 'm trying to get through bravely default . 
  the gameplay is okay , but the story is * so * boring . 
  the demo was better . 
  wait , you only isolate yourself for * a bit * and you spend your precious alone time * processing your feelings * ? 
  or , even worse , the feelings of * others * ? 
  you worry that nobody cares how you * feel * ? 
  sure , i 'll be the first to say we are n't robots , but dwelling on feelings ( unless it 's a really overwhelming or something ) seems like such a huge waste of time . 
  especially if you do n't get a lot of it !, 
  you know , there is one other type with strong ti and ne and a more developed fe than si : entp . 
  movies with scenes so dark you have to squint at night with the lights off and you ca n't watch them at all during the day are annoying , yes . 
  was n't this during the same episode she was arming religious terrorists ? 
  nope , she can go fuck herself .
