  how can your family justify trusting a system that condones atrocities like the op ? 
  no , no . 
  it 's atheists that are intolerant for calling them out on it . 
  the demo only had one use for abput two days after it was released in the eu . 
  this was an error on sega 's part and was fixed , but those of us who were excited about it and downloaded it early are still fucked . 
  plucking it also hurts very much the first few times . 
  the only reason i got rid of mine ( years ago ) was because my upper lip was numb from the dentist . 
  that 's a great idea !, 
  if you want a 5 o'clock shadow ... 
  that 's great for you . 
  mine does . 
  lots of forests in eastern europe to run naked through if you want milder weather . 
  worse , actually !, 
  rape is not one of the ten commandments . 
  a venial sin is a sin you commit unknowingly , or otherwise without an intent to sin - if you steal a snickers bar or rape while being a dirty heathen who does not know of the laws of christianity , it 's a venial sin . 
  if you help someone commit murder without realizing , that 's also a venial sin . 
  everything else is a mortal sin . 
  above mortal sins , you have sacrileges like having sex in a church , or partaking in the eucharist without having had your sins forgiven . 
  these are worse than murder . 
  rape is only a sin inasfar as it involves sex before or outside of marriage though , afaik . 
  owning slaves is not a sin . 
  well yeah , but the quivalent of ` it ' is az , not \u0151 . 
  nah gets some marginal use out of axefaire while she spends time in wyvern rider and hero . 
  if you 're not grinding and planning to end nah in one of those , it 's a fantastic skill to pass down . 
  morgan really does n't need it though , you 're better off giving her a level 15 skill he wants like lifetaker or rally spectrum . 
  counter is useless . 
  if the enemy can hit you for enough damage to make it useful , you have a problem with either speed or defense . 
  nowi 's kids should not have low defense . 
  * cough * atlus * cough *, 
  also the guys with rune factory / story of seasons, 
  how about a kickstarter at some point down the line , when you have the project sorted out ? 
  you can have my portion too . 
  most countries do n't have a regional eshop . 
  my eshop is set to the uk even though i 'm from romania , so uk prices for me . 
  i wish i set it to the irish eshop before making an nnid . 
  the bank takes care of that . 
  then just adjust it $ = $ . 
  that 's the sane option , the two are a lot closer . 
  then make women 's bathrooms unisex . 
  they have stalls , women do n't stand around with their vagina out outside of a stall . 
  that 's a very detailed breakdown , thank you . 
  you can have thousands of free themes !, 
  with iron/tubehax . 
  this is the one i 'm using now ( i like my themes simple ) :, 
  ( i would have bought any smt theme they released though , but no luck . 
  a break record or persona q theme would be / have been really nice . ), 
  not in europe, 
  it 's not available in europe . 
  i remember an atlus rep saying that they sent it to noe for approval , so idk what the hangup is . 
  just the yule ball , which was a special event in their 4th year , but they celebrated christmas every year . 
  i think they also got easter holidays . 
   they cost \u00a5 200 in japan , $ 1.99 in the united states , $ 2.49 in canada , # 1.79 in the united kingdom , $ 1.99 in the eurozone , and $ 2.60 in australia . 
  $ 3 is way too expensive for a theme . 
  i do n't . 
  my mia capped her speed at level 13 . 
  she started out amazing . 
  which did n't help that much , because by the time she was level 18 zihark had already capped his at level 19 and promoted , and i also had stefan . 
  wait , cougar and puma are the same animal ? 
  this thread is blowing my mind !, 
   to enter , you must first lower yourself by rope 20m down a narrow shaft dug into the ground . 
  the only light is from your helmet , which bounces around the walls as you descend . 
  witch & hero is fantastic , a shame its score is so low . 
  waifu bullshit is fine , but they turned this into idol bullshit . 
  a non-fantasy medieval jrpg would be set in the sengoku . 
  think oda nobunaga and date masamune . 
  you genuinely support capital punishment for cheating on your wife/husband ? 
  ... that 's an incredibly oppressive world you 'd favour . 
  where the government orders people killed for private matters , in a cruel public spectacle where anyone is encouraged to participate . 
   people are easily manipulated into believing things, 
  that actually supports his point about it being islam 's fault . 
  fire emblem awakening - have you played the dlc maps yet ? 
  what about lunatic mode ? 
  or even lunatic + ? 
  have you filled out the support log ? 
  you can also do a run with the worst characters and discover their hidden strengths . 
  maribelle for instance is a pretty awesome utility unit most people never use . 
  well , you wasted a playthrough . 
  you 'll have to go through the exact same doors again after a few playthroughs for the true ending . 
  use this : img2.wikia.nocookie.net / __ cb20141102092458/ninehourspersonsdoors/images / a/a3/fan _ flowchart.png, 
  it helps avoid redundant playthroughs . 
  never pick door 2 for the ending , because you 'll have to play that ending again when the game forces you into door 2 after door 3 . 
  edit : formatting, 
  89,75 % of kids decided to attend the `` optional '' religion class in schools last year , but this was after a * lot * of pressure from church officials and other school teachers : they were handing out leaflets , they were handing out printed requests and making the kids fill them out in class , many teachers made it clear that it would affect their grades , the religion teachers themselves promised them free 10s ( the equivalent of an a + ) ... 
  i do n't think 99,5 % of romania is religious . 
  i imagine it 's a lot closer to 70 % or so , but still - a vast majority . 
  yes !, 
  i loved it !, 
  though i wish i found a chart like this when i started playing , because i went door 5 -  door 8 -  door 2 which has to be one of the most inefficient ways to go through it . 
  well , you 'll want to play through each room at least once . 
  pick something that lets you replay it the least times . 
  you 've already done 4-7-1 . 
  you have axe/sub/knife / safe and the true ending left . 
  you want to do sub because it 's room 3 , so 4or5-3-2, 
  you must do 5-8-6 for the safe ending , which is needed for the true ending . 
  do the knife ending before the safe ending . 
  that 's 4-7-6 , 4-8-6 or 5-7-6 . 
  you can also watch the axe ending on youtube i guess . 
  that 's what i ended up doing . 
  edit : wait , are you talking about virtue 's last reward ? 
  catholicism if fine with gays as long as they do n't have sex with each other * !,
