  they were n't exactly starving - well , more accurately , it was n't widespread yet . 
  most people had relatives in nearby villages where they continued cultivating small plots of land and growing animals . 
  it was easy enough to get around the authorities to smuggle food . 
  even in nk the famines took off in the 90s . 
  katakana ` markusu ' can also be transliterated as markus ... which also sounds better than xander , unless they really needed an x name ... 
  hah , same here , and there are probably entire books on this subject . 
  anyway , not all practitioners of ` magick ' are wicca . 
  if you want to practice ` black magic ' , you might call yourself a pagan instead , or maybe even a satanist ( the theistic sort ) . 
  calling yourself a pagan is similar to calling yourself a christian instead of a lutheran or catholic or what have you , and you pick and choose which gods you worship and which rules apply . 
  theistic satanism is on something called the ` left hand path ' , which excludes karmic punishment , among other things . 
  but , more fundamentally , lot of practitioners do n't believe in ` black vs white magic ' in the first place . 
  there 's a distinction between high and low magic instead , high magic being complex , ceremonial rituals with somewhat abstract goals , with a lot of jewish inspired symbolism , and low magick is something with simpler goals that you might expect a regular person to be interested in . 
  deliberately harmful magic is seen as below most people . 
  tl ; dr you can do magic without being wicca, 
  maybe / u/bunnylover726 has a better source , but i learned about this from the various avaaz campaigns . 
  you do n't have to literally kill every last human to doom the human race . 
  both `` dooms '' and `` human race '' are metaphoric in this context . 
  it 's saying that it will bring humanity to a situation where a significant percentage die ( as you put it , billions ) and this will cause problems with various things , including the food supply and infrastructure . 
  there will also be mass panic , because disasters wo n't just stop happening after a few years . 
  it will easily be the worst thing that can possibly happen to mankind at this point , save perhaps for many thousands of nukes, 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  and here i was hoping they left reddit forever . 
  i have terrible reflexes ( 334ms [ here ] ( http://www.humanbenchmark.com/ ) ) , so, 
   all actions will be based on good or favorable timing . 
  sounds horrifying . 
  you can play all games except for ddd on a low-end pc or mid-range laptop . 
  kh1 , re : com and kh2 can be loaded directly from the disc , but there are translation patches for the final mixes that you can play instead . 
  the final mix + high internal resolution on pcsx2 makes it pretty much the same as playing the ps3 version . 
  385/2 , recoded and ddd can all be played on a 3ds . 
  so , assuming you 're typing from a computer and not a phone , you only need one system . 
  you should still buy the games though , even if you are emulating them . 
  i did n't use reflega because i was bad at it , i beat him using the limit forms . 
  i do n't remember what level i was though . 
   only 1 in 30 people are gay or bi, 
  that 's the lowest possible number of people who are gay . 
  the numbers are also self-reported , and should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
   those who want to participate may register at the following mosques :, 
  it 's like the statistics for dick sizes that are published . 
  there 's no obligation to be honest . 
  if you are bisexual , there 's a good chance you 'll have convinced yourself you 're straight , because that 's what society told you is normal . 
  if you 're gay , you might have your reasons to keep that a secret , even on a poll . 
  notice how there are many more people who declare they are homosexual in young age-brackets ( ~ 7 % ) compared to older age brackets ( ~ 1 % for over 60s ) . 
  that is not because fewer homosexuals were born back then . 
  a key that 's as big as a sword ? 
   an image of crossed keys to represent the metaphorical keys of the office of saint peter , the keys of heaven , or ** the keys of the kingdom ** of heaven ,, 
  the 7 % ( 6.4 % actually apparently , and women 8.3 % for some reason ) is from the 2012 gallup poll on wikipedia . 
  another 3.5 % refused to answer , or said they did n't know . 
  flowmotion was my least favorite part of ddd and the disney rides ... well , i might be the only one apparently , but i think they look sort of tacky . 
  my favorite battle system was bbs . 
  i 'm fairly sure they are aware of it . 
  however , there is little other way of measuring what % of humanity is gay . 
  maybe we could extrapolate from animals ? 
  dawkins said in one of his debates that 10 % of mammals , pretty much any mammal , is gay . 
  i 'm just throwing this out without a source though so make of it what you will . 
  did you actually read through the source you linked ? 
   adults aged 18 to 29 ( 6.4 % ) are more than three times as likely as seniors aged 65 and older ( 1.9 % ) to identify as lgbt . 
  among those aged 30 to 64 , lgbt identity declines with age -- at 3.2 % for 30 - to 49-year-olds and 2.6 % for 50 - to 64-year-olds . 
   consistent with other recent studies and with the gender gap identified earlier in this report , younger women are more likely to identify as lgbt than are younger men . 
  among 18 - to 29-year-olds , 8.3 % of women identify as lgbt , compared with 4.6 % of men the same age . 
  it * is * my source . 
  it 's a more nuanced breakdown of the ages involved in the number of the title . 
  and are you talking about, 
   lgbt americans tend to have lower levels of education and income, 
  why are you talking about this though ? 
  it has nothing to do with what i said . 
  and 3.5 % is not that far from 2.8 % , and the post-graduate number is 3.2 % again . 
  but the breakdown by education has no bearing on this discussion . 
  that contraband wo n't be in the hands of the regular people who commit regular murder . 
  for example ? 
  because i honestly doubt that . 
  ignore them but be firm with insistent beggars . 
  you can buy a sandwich for a beggar kid if you really want to , but never give them money . 
  change your doors to something not easy to break , protect your ground-level windows , do n't leave expensive things in plain view . 
  bolt things down if you have to . 
  call the police when you need to . 
  road pirates are more of a problem in bulgaria afaik, 
  those regulations actually strike me as fairly lenient . 
  again , tell me which eu country has gun regulations * more * lenient that what you linked ? 
  i do n't actually know the laws for every single country , so i might be surprised . 
  i could n't play it for about another year because i ca n't afford a ps4 . 
  so i 'd be incredibly disappointed . 
  esl here , how did midget for a short person become unacceptable ? 
  i keep seeing it all the time in fiction . 
  i would n't pay because these services rarely provide the music i listen to , because it 's difficult to license doujin music and the like . 
  if you play kh2 after days ( somehow ) , his part is very powerful . 
  especially when he smashed those computers with the virtual reality sim , so many feels, 
  no , ~ ~ thehe ~ ~ the * most * annoying one was that flying thing in neverland . 
  days really had a good share of annoying bosses . 
  it does , but it 's an insignificant amount of money . 
  because it 's what i 'd do if i had to advertise a video game and a lot of money to do it . 
  really ? 
  i wish i knew that when i played it . 
  that potential to be abused was one of the reasons why it was fun . 
  buy the digital version then . 
  you 'll download your route after you pick it in-game . 
  japanese games had gay relationships in games way before western ones did . 
  not to mention , the whole subculture around homosexual manga and novels . 
  fire emblem does n't actually take place in medieval europe you know . 
  the flying pegasi and the dragons might be a hint . 
  yes .
