  the prognosis for the price is # 69 . 
  shipping is another # 20 to where i live . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  when was the last time the us got a special edition ( that did n't include a 3ds ) that cost 155 $ ?!? 
  nisa 's online store only , yes . 
  i do n't have my 3ds on hand either , but from memory :, 
  1 etrian odyssey untold : 15-20 hours ( early june , i 'll get back to it ), 
  2 witch & hero : 8 hours, 
  3 kingdom hearts days 2 hours ( i just started replaying it after years ), 
  4 fractured soul : 1 hour, 
  wich & hero was the biggest surprise this month . 
  i bought it on a lark , because it cost less than # 1 , despite the terrible reviews . 
  it turns out again that i really should n't trust reviews and just go with my instincts , this was a fantastic little game . 
  what everyone else said . 
  you can break the game ( even more ) if you keep healing demons around . 
  and this mean p1 and p2 characters wo n't be available as dlc ? 
  haha , this reminds me of nocturne , fun times . 
  if it 's anything like nocturne , you probably have to buff/debuff during the fight . 
  if enemies in smt games are n't giving you exp anymore , it usually means you 're overleveled . 
  well ... drawing your own maps is fun . 
  the characters do n't really matter that much in this game , it 's just about exploration . 
  open the eoiv demo and set the 3d to max , the dungeons are really beautiful . 
  so basically ... it comes down to whether you like dungeon crawling and turn based battles . 
  you can beat almost the whole game autobattling . 
  i autobattled the final boss without even grinding . 
  my hinge still broke after half a year of use . 
  some prevention . 
   no serious comments please, 
  that was n't a serious comment :d, 
  why are n't they releasing this anyway ? 
  it sold over a million copies in japan . 
  is it the japanese folklore names ? 
  who cares . 
  if people can play `` pokemon '' instead of `` pocket critters '' , they can play with youkai as well . 
  then you have the eu pricing ... 
  hah , about 155 $ for me . 
  there is almost certainly going to be a smash bros bundle , wait a little before buying a new 3ds . 
  fea is probably the biggest time sink in the list . 
   tell me about the 3ds as a whole . 
  it 's a very popular console . 
  it has like a million reviews one google search away . 
  this exact thread happens about twice a week too . 
  it also has many good games . 
  google and this subreddit are good resources . 
  also , no region locking . 
  that alone made me regret updating my 3ds . 
  for ds games , i assume . 
  $ 40 would be quite cheap in europe . 
  nah , hard mode was fine . 
  the game is balanced around not being able to control your teammates . 
  the game is also a lot quicker if you are n't manually inputting commands , which balances the sheer length of tartarus . 
  indeed . 
  eastern europe is a lot worse off than america , so if nintendo was fair then i should n't have to pay almost double what you do for entertainment . 
  the prices in europe are pure bullshit , but what other choice do we have ? 
  i 'm glad i do n't have children and do n't pay rent . 
  oh , i agree . 
  localizing games is expensive . 
  but almost all the games i own are in just english and i 'd gladly import them if i could . 
  and the two games i have ( out of about 10 ) that are translated to various languages are n't translated to mine , so it 's not even an issue as far as i care . 
  i do n't see how the more complicated ratings process alone justifies the ridiculous price mark-up . 
  which still do n't justify the prices , considering other game companies have to do that too . 
   very high difficulty, 
  and fe is really difficult as well , have you tried the lunatic mode ? 
  i mean , they do n't have such a high mark-up compared to the same game in the us region . 
  i think you underestimate how much more expensive 3ds games are here . 
  the premium edition of persona q would cost me 155 $ to buy ( with shipping from the nis store ) . 
  both etrian games cost 55 $ and have never been on sale . 
  in the us , persona q costs 80 $ ( with free shipping from amazon ) . 
  the etrian games go on sale regularly and you could buy eoiv for 15 $ very recently . 
  fine , but shipping still costs less than 25-30 dollars . 
  and those differences do not justify double or triple prices . 
  eoiv costs almost quadruple what it did recently in the us !, 
  that thread explains why dollar = euro ( and i do n't agree with many of the arguments but whatever ) , but we do n't pay that - we pay dollar = pound !, 
  actually , that thread does n't say anything , i just read it . 
  and also ,, 
   that 's also why $ 50-60 priced games are typically ~ $ 30-40 in russia . 
  which in turn is why a lot of the dubious steam-key resale sites are russian . 
  which contradicts your entire argument . 
  it is unfair . 
  it is outrageous . 
  the price in europe is and has always been 55 $ ( nis does n't do discounts ) , and people are still buying it . 
  it 's very much worth it . 
  it 's really nice tho . 
  those uniforms are so stylish . 
  the first one has better graphics though . 
  it looks amazing for a ps2 game , especially emulated at several times the native resolution ( there 's a video of it on youtube i think ) . 
  why ? 
  i just turn mine around so the light is n't visible . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i 'm still hoping we 'll get it in an update some day . 
  welp , `` hope dies last '' . 
  have you tried calling nintendo ? 
  i 'd rather they do n't exist . 
  they just make me feel guilty , because there 's no way i 'm putting in 200 hours to get them all . 
  and because i wo n't , i wo n't do any of the natural optional objectives either ( i ca n't 100 % the game , so what 's the point ? 
  ) , which cuts down immensely on my enjoyment . 
  achievements are a stupid way of artificially inflating the `` hours of playtime '' on the box . 
  i 'm glad nintendo does n't have them . 
  i 'd buy a vita , but too many of the japanese games i 'd want to play on it are n't localised . 
  so yeah .
