  to the mods , about the spoiler tags - is there any way to differentiate between spoilers for desu2 and for the new content in break record ? 
  i do n't want to accidentally read anything about the triangulum arc , but i like reading discussions about desu2 itself . 
  do they also say `` take a seat right over there '' ? 
  * devil survivor 2 : hiiro kagema, 
  * strange journey : langdon alger, 
  the rest are all canon iirc, 
  i 'm terrible at giving them names . 
  and you have to clean that every time ? 
  damn , that must be though . 
  note to self : stop reading reddit while eating . 
  video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=s8uffgqtifk#t=708, 
  it really does look very nice . 
  the emulator is the best way to experience ps2 games . 
  the emulator also loads game discs , so you can buy the original game no worries . 
  or you can buy the psn game and pirate it anyway . 
  what makes you think hitler , stalin & freud were n't douches and hipsters ? 
  i 've purchased it and i 've been fiddling with mods , but i ca n't figure out what i 'm doing wrong because they 're not showing up in my game . 
  i 'm using the mod manager 0.52 alpha and copied the patch file into the top update folder : / anyone have any idea ? 
  do the missions as soon as you can . 
  use buffs and debuffs . 
  sukukaja raises your evade rate and is amazing for bosses . 
  rakukaja raises your defense and tarukaja your attack . 
  the - nda spells ( sukunda , rakunda , tarunda ) affect the boss . 
  if something is killing you too fast , drop a tarunda on their ass to lower their attack and raise your defense with rakukaja . 
  strategies like this are absolutely overpowered in this game , but especially in naraku . 
  speaking of ice , finish `` capture the berserker '' before the dungeon boss . 
  the bosses basically need the same strategy to be defeated , but seiten taisei has less hp . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that smtiv does n't use chibi style character models . 
  aaand i found the thread : https://archive.moe/fit/thread/32342511/#32342511, 
   you cant expect people to know random asian south american countries dude, 
   are you an american high school geography teacher by any chance ? 
   i 'm a romanian and this amuses me . 
  we actually love hearing how unimportant and poor our country is , gives us an excuse for being miserable, 
   historically, 
  * cough * ottomanempire * cough *, 
  also , christians were not literate enough to read the bible for much of its history , so it was whatever the political leaders wanted it to be . 
  even more , they were specifically * not allowed * to read and interpret it themselves until the protestant movement . 
  i wonder why that was . 
  i like the bottom half of it , with the dalish and the ruins . 
  the maze strongholds in the north can go burn though . 
  edit : it did end up one of my favorite areas though because of the elven history things scattered around . 
  it was the first one i wanted to fully explore . 
  something smaller with more scripted events would have been great as a starting area . 
  as it is , i went from the hinterlands to the storm coast and almost dropped the game for * nothing ever happening * . 
  the interesting areas are all later . 
  that cheat is fantastic , seconding this . 
  it does n't work in the western approach though . 
  hey , quick question here - are there any companions particularly worth taking to dirthamen ? 
  solas aside , i mean . 
  i 'm not sure whether i should include cole in the party or take sera . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  even solas was underwhelming ... 
  my iron bull functions perfectly fine as a tank . 
  he needs to be revived from time to time againt bosses , but he builds up okay guard against mobs . 
  it 's just about picking some guard passives . 
  and ignoring everything that says `` bersek '' . 
  to be fair , canada is still in ( north ) america . 
  this is the version i know as well . 
  the xion version does n't make as much sense because we 're experiencing it through roxas , not both of them . 
  xion also is n't there the full 358 days ( does n't she appear a week after roxas ? 
  i 'd say emulate and play daysand recoded before watching the cutscenes . 
  it 's really a shame the ps3 versions are n't playable . 
   3 : get out of the hinterlands asap, 
  1 - this applies to any of the larger areas . 
  if you find it boring , go somewhere else , do n't force yourself to explore it . 
  it wo n't be worth it . 
  2 - you get horses in the east of the hinterlands map , in an area called `` redcliffe farms '' . 
  there 's also a level 12 rift there , ignore it . 
  a \u00een\u0219ela . 
  -- din fr . 
  frustrari . 
  was n't that the point ? 
   antagonym , janus word ( after the roman god ) , enantiodrome , self-antonym , antilogy , or addad ( arabic , singular didd ), 
  speaking of cersei , do we have long until she dies / is humiliated / is otherwise dealt with ? 
  i hate her so damn much . 
  far more than i ever hated joffrey . 
  so corypheus spent * years * sitting around and ... what , exploring ruins ? 
  there 's just less of it this way . 
  i experimented with all the settings when i started playing the second time . 
  the first time , when i tried it out , i had all this swaying but i thought it was a bug they patched later ... it was part of the reason i actually started playing this month . 
  all this movement is overheating my gpu something fierce . 
  real grass does n't sway like this . 
  trees also do n't move like they 're made out of rubber , especially these massive trees inside a stone fortress . 
  what the hell were they thinking . 
  ^ ( and if they do sway like they 're about to fall over , it 's the kind of wind where * you 're * about to fall over and it also affects clothes and hair : / ), 
  edit : there 's a lot more * mysteriously appearing vegetation * as my character walks . 
  ... i hope i can find some `` stop the damn grass movement '' setting somewhere in the game files ... 
  well , jesus did n't supposedly fail math . 
  ^ ( hence supposedly ), 
  to be fair , i 'm pretty sure you 'd have gotten approval from fenris if you 'd have had the choice to hand anders over to the templars . 
  ( was it even intentional though ? 
  there are a lot of approval/disapproval moments in both games that are glitches rather than intentional choices . ), 
  what is funny though is that inquisition pretty much confirmed everything merrill ever said about spirits . 
  and considering both the hero of ferelden and hawke could very well have been blood mages ( i think ? 
  ) , it 's probably less dangerous if you stay aware of yourself and rational . 
  the medium setting i used for the vegetation used to be okay , but i had to turn it down to low since everything started ... swaying . 
  let 's say i 'm glad i already explored most maps : /, 
  that 's how i saw it too , but dubious consent issues have become a big point of outrage in the last few years . 
  this is one of those cases where it 'd have been better for the creators to not say anything . 
  i did n't except much for the meaning of the banter , but this ... it 's beyond disappointing .
