  getting dkcr3d and selling the code seems be the thing to do . 
  maybe they 're the protagonists * because * they were the guys lucky enough to start in a low-level zone ? 
  you can register your product in another country ( i registered mine for the free mario game ) , you just ca n't redeem the points . 
  access denied ? 
  it was more of a `` what were they doing there , they should n't have been there ! '', 
  type reaction . 
  at least , that 's how i read it . 
  speaking as a non-american , i 'd much rather have america than russia . 
  oy , i 'm also from an eastern european country ( probably the same one ) , and arming ourselves is just * logical * . 
  do you think russia will * stop * at ukraine ? 
   jewish teenage girl pepper sprayed in paris, 
   previous : jewish teen wearing yarmulke tasered in paris, 
   jewish teens targeted with tear gas in paris, 
   man with ax chases jewish teens in paris, 
  gee , wonder why . 
  yeah , how dare palestinians go near schools and hospitals . 
  not that guy , but aldnoah zero , terror in resonance and psycho pass are all airing right now . 
  wat , how would hamas gaining a few extra soldiers defuse the situation ? 
  predators, 
  but then europe will be too angry when they release smtiv at 59 eur . 
  not necessarily . 
  if the prices are equal and there 's a store that sells blu-rays nearby , give me the physical copy . 
  i like having physical copies , and they look nice on a shelf . 
  we had a lot of vhs tapes , cds and casettes at home in my childhood . 
  i think that a collection of such things is always a nice thing to have . 
  well , yes . 
  but a collection of empty cases is ... pretty sad . 
  i agree , although you can emulate most of the games so it 's fine . 
  although , at this point the only consoles you need are a ps3 and a 3ds . 
  hey , the confusing story-line is what kept me interested all these years . 
  you can play gba games on the 3ds - although with a flashcart . 
  but is it worth it with re : out there ? 
  yes , but the decoration is there for you , not for guests . 
  you know the cases are empty . 
  it 's like having an expensive vase you know is a fake . 
  it 's just decoration , and it 's pretty , but that thought still niggles at your mind when you look at it . 
  huh , i might try it . 
  a card game sounds better than ... whatever the fuck re : was . 
  in fact , do not save during puzzles . 
  there are a couple of other rooms that crash as well , although not as frequently as the pec . 
  yes , so let 's make all those 100k children feel terrible ? 
  glandular problems can develop when you 're an adult too . 
  fat is also partially genetic , this has been proven . 
  obesity does n't kill you at 20 . 
  it kills you at 50/60 , when you 're approaching retirement . 
  * cough * runwaymodels * cough *, 
  making fun of huge breasts ( the kind where gravity takes over ) is perfectly acceptable . 
  making fun of anorexia is n't acceptable . 
  `` obesity  bullying  depression  suicide '', 
  this rarely happens when you 're an adult and have full control of your diet though . 
  as for the rest ... a lot of things can kill you young . 
  being fat is a health problem more later on in life , when your body starts saying ` fuck it ' . 
  ... incidentally , this is also part of the reason it 's hard to get motivated to go on a punishing diet when you 're still young . 
   9 year old does n't think her weight is a problem, 
   9 year old should worry more about her weight, 
  dude ... 
   you, 
  umm . 
  are we still talking about just america here ? 
  healthcare is the 90s in my post-communist country was a joke . 
  either way , there is no treatment for my glandular condition in this country i live in . 
  that 's what my doctors have said . 
  i have no idea why , cushings is n't that uncommon ... 
   generally speaking, 
  parents who get told their children are fat because overeating wo n't go to a doctor to check them for medical reasons . 
  play-asia and amazon sellers , afaik . 
  you 'll have to pay customs , but considering the exchange rate , you might even get it cheaper than a eu one . 
  i do . 
  but at that age not worrying about your weight is perfectly normal . 
  it 's the parents who should be doing that , checking your meals and taking you to various sports practices . 
  not the pre-schooler . 
  sweet !, 
  i just logged in tonight intending to ask about this when i saw this thread . 
  i ca n't wait for the release date . 
  first day purchase for sure ( although i will probably complain about the price ) . 
  is n't it just about time for a new devil summoner ? 
  the last one was released just a couple of months before p4 . 
  although that 's not a new ip i guess . 
  thank you atlus i 'm sorry for doubting you, 
  import the bloody case then . 
  at this price we can afford it . 
  if someone is attacking you with a dull butter knife , you do n't go for the machine gun . 
  not even if they manage to scratch you . 
  this is common sense . 
  indeed , and you wo n't ever see the outside of your prison-cell again for your trouble . 
  i 've noticed this in other replies from you as well , why are you so trigger-happy ? 
  edit : typo , `` noticed '', 
  b-but his entire family might also have butter knives !, 
  uh , you said `` as a collector '', 
  the thing is , hamas * ca n't * obliterate israel , regardless of what 's in their charter . 
  this is a very important distinction . 
  but ... cases are by definition useless . 
  you can buy the game digitally to play it , and then buy the game again ( or just the empty case ) as ntsc for your collection , * without losing money because of the low price * . 
  usually i 'd agree with you , but 20 eur is very , very cheap for a 3ds game . 
  it 's just the right price for me to swallow my complaints . 
  ... really ? 
  there may or may not be more casualties in a ground operation , but they would be military rather than children and refugees . 
   israelis do n't have to risk their lives , giving israel way more incentive to bomb, 
  israel is just sitting back and sending bombs from afar , not risking anything - that is not war . 
  they say they ca n't avoid killing children gruesomely , but they wo n't even risk a handful of military on their side .
