  i like the game , but i do n't think it 's worth 60 $ . 
  amazon sellers are another option , but you might have to wait , since they change often . 
  it tends to be the pro-israel people here that try to push the `` hamas is a democratically elected , legitimate government '' angle . 
  being forced to wear a scarf just another symptom of the problem . 
  we already knew this . 
  thing is , it 's no justification for genocide . 
  not to mention , when they celebrated that their god killed babies all over egypt to prove a point , after destroying all their crops . 
  the old testament is a horrifying book . 
   in several cases israeli soldiers also used civilians , including children , as `` human shields '' , endangering their lives by forcing them to remain in or near houses which they took over and used as military positions . 
  some were forced to carry out dangerous tasks such as inspecting properties or objects suspected of being booby-trapped . 
  soldiers also took position and launched attacks from and around inhabited houses , exposing local residents to the danger of attacks or of being caught in the crossfire . 
  that is actually 100x worse than what hamas is doing now . 
  `` because there can only be one true genocide !, 
  pffft , go away with your lesser genocide . '', 
  is what it sounds like to me . 
  but , eh , you guys already convinced me that israeli are monsters , so whatever . 
  well yeah , but the apocalypse is literally the apocalypse , it 's supposed to be bad and all . 
  the nt was generally ok . 
  it had some nice messages i wish more christians followed . 
  they do n't tell them to bully those kids , they tell them to stay the fuck away because they 're dangerous . 
  they also tell their kids that if they 're bad , the gypsies will come with a giant sack and take them away . 
  ( not that all this is any less bad ), 
  i was terrified of romani as a kid . 
   roma from romania, 
  yeah , because only romania has roma . 
  there are two accepted definitions for the word :, 
  you 're using the first . 
  i 'm using the second . 
  actually , all you need to play all the kh games out now are a ps3 or a pc and a 3ds . 
  the hd collections are better than the first releases , but if you 're planning to buy the original games , i recommend playing them on an emulator , as they render ps2 games at a much higher resolution and quality than a ps2 would . 
  and the ds games , those are best played on the 3ds . 
  the remixes only have the cutscenes , and the two games are really worth playing through . 
  emulators . 
  do n't watch let 's plays , it 's a shame to not get to actually experience the games when they play just as well - no , far better ( at almost hd quality ) on a pc . 
  buy the discs to support the developers , you can even play them on the emulator . 
  but for kh2 at least , i recommend buying the game but also downloading the final mix and the translation patch . 
  the improvements to the game are really worth it . 
  same for bbs , although the final mix extras are n't as significant . 
   survivalist ( ranger in japan ), 
   protector ( paladin in japan ), 
   war magus ( doctor magus is japan ), 
  wat , why did they translate the classes like this ? 
  um no , not really . 
  well , it ca n't hurt to try ... but generally low-end laptops are pretty bad at everything . 
  well , if it helps , the way i got into it was that i read up a bit on what happened in the series , watched the beginning of khii ( until a bit after sora wakes up ) , and got really , really interested . 
  my first game in the series was 358 days , the ds game , which is pretty self-contained . 
  you can try playing that too , but as i said - please watch the beginning of kh2 on youtube first . 
  do n't worry , it will be a completely different experience playing it after days . 
  you can run days on your 3ds ( i recommend this ) or you can emulate it on your laptop with desmume , it should run on just about everything . 
  24 , and devil survivor overclocked, 
  i have n't played bd , smtiv or rf4 though , which are right up my alley from descriptions . 
  i generally prefer carts , but will buy an eshop version if the discount is high enough . 
  what 's there to address ? 
  i 'm sceptic towards the data , and sceptic about all of them being from romania . 
  i imagine it 's like how in romania we call all beggars gypsies , regardless of their ethnicity . 
  it might not stop psychopaths , but it will stop teenagers from stealing their parent 's gun . 
  did the us have a huge problem with that sort of thing ? 
  i did n't have a main party , the only demon i kept throughout the game was daisoujou . 
  although i used dante a lot too , i guess . 
  he was just too useful against random encounters . 
  a 26 episode nocturne anime that 's just the demifiend travelling through the devastated tokyo , meeting and recruiting demons , peppered with some plot ( and including amala ) . 
  it 'll probably feature raidou , since they put him into the japanese game instead of dante . 
  but would n't that be awesome ? 
  maybe with an episode or two showing how raidou ended up there ? 
  it was n't that bad ( imho ) , just not what people expected . 
  i love the ending and how hopeless they made the whole situation . 
  just be forewarned : yamato is out of character as fuck ( reimaged as a silent broody type ) and do n't expect one of the game endings . 
   i dislike a lot of the recurring tropes and weird sexualized and fetishistic aspects of anime, 
  i recommend terror in resonance , currently airing . 
  it has * none * of those things . 
   paying 30 % more for gas than any other country in europe . 
  no it does n't . 
  source :, 
  the eastern orthodox also exhume the dead . 
  if they 're well-preserved , they declare them saints and parade them around the village/town , then around the country . 
  prioritize the mantas your characters are weak to , because you 'll eventually learn the resists following its tree . 
  pretty much all builds are effective in this game . 
  some guy on / smtg / had an agi/luck serph that not even the final boss could touch . 
  let 's put it like this ... 
  i played the original desu for about 25-30 hours , max , and oc for ~ 100 . 
  that 's the difference between the two . 
  if you want , you could play it once before getting oc , just make sure to do either the haru or the atsuro ends , because those do n't have 8th days . 
  same here in romania - i 've only ever gotten one streetpass , from a guy from spain no less . 
  this . 
  some of us are browsing from work ... 
  have they closed their borders and airports against ebola yet ? 
  probably not in the next 4-5 months , but there 's also :, 
  * final fantasy theatherythm curtain call, 
  * final fantasy explorers, 
  * bravely second, 
  * harvest moon : the lost valley, 
  * project steam, 
  * shantae and the pirate 's curse, 
  * the great ace attorney, 
  also , hopefully :, 
  * that digimon game, 
  * the dragon quest mmo, 
  * dragon quest vii, 
  * tales of the world : reve unitia, 
  * yokai watch,
