  i wish we could also have the english version as an option , jade really nailed it . 
  i have a list of songs i want to buy if we get deals . 
  right now i have about 5 or so dlc songs , but it 's starting to get a bit too expensive for my tastes . 
  battle 2 is kinda generic imho . 
  i wish we could give stars away . 
  i have 1500 just sitting there . 
  that said , i still have a couple of game codes i have n't registered , so if anyone needs extra stars , send me a pm . 
  edit : aaaand they 're gone, 
  seconding devil survivor overclocked and smtiv . 
  you can easily binge on those for hours and hours . 
  smtiv is also cheap on the eshop ( compared to other games ) , and devil survivor does n't really use the top screen much so it 's very , very battery efficient . 
   fire emblem : the sacred stones ( 3900 stars , 3ds ), 
  oh shit , i just gave away about 10 codes yesterday . 
  there 's a lot of gay couples or characters in both new and old anime/manga though . 
  i was watching some old anime a few months ago , including an obscure little thing called tenshi ni narumon , then these two happened : http://www.s94065996.onlinehome.us/cel-galleries/tenshi-ni-narumon/cels/tnn-grp-8-bk.jpg#actualimage, 
  they also have a bedroom scene , but i could n't find a screenshot . 
   thinking he 's attracted to, 
  he * was * attracted to yukito . 
  this had a good explanation , but it does n't really change it . 
  the japanese also have a different word for the western unicorn , afaik . 
  something along the lines of `` ikkakujuu '' / one-horned beast . 
  as pune o limita clara la < 10 euro . 
  si carrefour . 
  oh man , i was stuck for weeks on this mini-game when playing bbs . 
  it was terrible . 
  i 'm never touching ven 's route again . 
   they see imported food as not only a lost opportunity for individual rural people to make a decent living , but as a situation that needs to change in order to improve romania as a whole . 
  the japanese absolutely love thematic names . 
  almost every name in every game or anime means something specific , but the english language does n't really do this . 
  well , it does , but mostly in children 's fiction , or with fairly obscure symbolism that you would n't realise immediately . 
  i 'm not sure if recreating an english pun is really the correct localization choice . 
  then again , this is harvest moon , odd and childish names would fit right in . 
  ( that said , miso is a well-known japanese dish , so i disagree with miso -  misa . ), 
  sort of odd though that q , such a vague term , is in there , but something like i from intersexual is n't . 
  you can always photoshop yourself onto a picture of the grand canyon !, 
  i 'm sure that 's not terrible at all . 
  hah , try getting a golden retriver to be a bodyguard . 
  mine would be sooner play with any potential robber or aggressor than threaten them . 
  then why not keep it in winter too ? 
   the user selects which country/region they live in when they set up their 3ds , yes ? 
  not necessarily . 
  i have eshop set to a country two hours away because my own country does n't have one . 
  if i move , the gap might even get bigger . 
  a checkbox might be a good idea though . 
  the only partner i controlled was the second one , joshua . 
  i could n't concentrate on both screens either , but his commands were both simple and overpowered and just worked . 
   it 's better to keep your level down . 
  what , why ? 
   it seems like ps2 is the only way to do so . 
  you can play them on the ps3 as well , or emulate them if you do n't have one . 
  in fact , i 'd say that the best enjoyment is ps3  emulator  ps2 . 
  there are fan translations for all final mixes , as well as a wide-screen hack and the possibility of upping the internal resolution to get genuine hd graphics . 
  moreover , birth by sleep is a psp game , and 358/2 days and re : coded are both ds games . 
  it 's best to play them in some sort of order though , so neither re : coded nor days are good starting points , although from the 3 games ( these two and ddd ) , days would be your best bet . 
  if you 're willing to emulate , start with kingdom hearts i. 
  rune factory 4 ? 
  technically , maybe , bravely default , since you can always set agnes to be the `` main '' instead of tiz . 
  really ? 
  i prefer the 3ds version because you can display various codes and notes on one screen while interacting with the other . 
  as long as you 're aware of the corruption bug , the 3ds version seems better . 
  you 'll be fine if you do n't save in puzzle rooms . 
  do n't worry . 
  the us version has dual audio , i think . 
  the eu version does n't ( although i 'm not exactly a dub sort of person , so that feature would have been lost on me ) . 
  i do n't recall ever thinking that the game could look or sound better . 
  the 3d effect was also pretty neat most of the time . 
  having to carry pen and paper with me to play it is a pretty hefty downside for me though , so i guess that each their own . 
  my family never went to church on christmas , we always saw that as a family holiday . 
  also , it was cold . 
  easter was a different matter though . 
  if i 'd have to pick a holiday to visit church now that i 'm an atheist , it 'd probably be easter for the nostalgia . 
  alternatively , you can try peeing yourself just a little . 
  it 'll get absorbed by your pajama bottoms , and your bladder will be fine for another few hours . 
  problem solved . 
  seriously , she 's terrible for dungeon crawling . 
  even if you use tactics to prevent her from spamming charm/panic , as soon as she learns mind charge she casts * that * instead of her ice attack . 
  i played casual and i still reset for every single loss and never used suicide missions . 
  the dead unit does n't gain exp , which is a terrible thing on hard mode . 
  the only advantage i had was that i did n't need to reset if i accidentally killed someone when grinding random enemies to unlock the conversations . 
  in those cases , i 'd just suck it up and finish the map . 
  the child abuse in the catholic church thing was something people knew about for years before that scandal . 
  catholic priests being pedophiles was a meme long before the internet . 
  as someone watching his show on youtube , are there significant parts cut from the youtube broadcast ? 
  we do have an hbo subscription , i just do n't use the tv . 
   we are sorry to inform you that this study is intended for heterosexual individuals who are aged 18-40 and who are currently in a committed , sexually-exclusive relationship for at least 3 months and who are not pregnant . 
  i 'm really worried whether he can do that again , considering many of the more powerful tracks on the album are so similar to his earlier moira album . 
  ( i do n't mind though , because moira is an absolute masterpiece . ), 
  i mean in general , but good to know . 
  trade agreements , ma gandesc . 
  piracy due to content not being available in certain countries . 
  there was also an option about games too expensive , i feel that needs to be underlined as games are priced the same in poor countries as in rich countries , and a regular full game would costs me about 15-20 % of my current monthly salary . 
  i do not feel that cost is justified except for the games that are truly the best of the best . 
  there is no room for error . 
  this is how i understood it too . 
  the test is n't asking me how attractive someone is . 
  it 's telling me to :, 
   please rate the femininity of the female below, 
  attractive does n't necessarily mean feminine . 
  feminine does n't necessarily mean attractive . 
  ( to me ),
