  that 's ... huge . 
  a lot more than i thought . 
  therefore , the size of dual audio would have been 2.1 gb . 
  thank you . 
  really , i 'm not saying they should stop dubbing games or anything like that ... just that it would be nice to include the second audio track as well . 
  you 're confusing torture with mourning , or possibly anger . 
  i recommend looking the word up . 
  the demon designs are much the same as in smtiv and inspired by actual mythology . 
  they 're not ugly . 
  pretty much all of my comments on this subject got downvoted . 
  it 's like this sub does n't want a second track included at all . 
  virtue 's last reward was released sub-only and i really do n't recall anyone complaining . 
  it 's a great deal cheaper too . 
  drain is amazing , but it sort of breaks the game . 
  fusing to keep the demons relevant is even * more * important than in other smt games , because the damage those demons deal and their defense scales with level . 
  so if your entire team is 10 levels below you ... well , time to hit that auction and fuse a new one . 
  it 's the same prince as any game in europe and asia . 
  for me it 's pretty much overclocked  ds2  ds1, 
  i thought the characters were more interesting in ds2 . 
  also really really hoping for this . 
  the cover is beautiful , i want it on my shelf . 
  i still do n't get your point . 
  i just said that it 's the normal price everywhere in the world except in na . 
  it 's true that i 'd really enjoy a system where we and asia are n't subsidizing games in the us , but that was n't what i was saying . 
  oh you 're right heh, 
  i think the european version also released earlier , maybe that 's why . 
  it 's also one of the cheaper ` major ' games on the system , and i honestly appreciate that . 
  exista un add-on pentru firefox care se numeste ceva gen `` does amazon ship to ... '' . 
  ~ 50 de lei de pe . co.uk , ~ 30 de pe . de , ~ 70 de pe . com . 
  i do n't see it on the theme shop yet ... 
  not sure if that 's enough time to clear it . 
  i think there were like 3 bosses . 
  it 's normal that you ca n't defeat a boss in an rpg on the first try while doing the minimum necessary exploring . 
  games where you * can * do that are pretty boring , imho . 
  that theory is nothing new . 
  i think it was even confirmed at some point ? 
  not sure though . 
  * that we know about * . 
  we did say no though , at first . 
  then they bribed us . 
  this is somewhere in that report , but i 'm writing from my phone and ca n't check . 
  i can think of at least five ways to pirate things that do n't involve torrents or physical media . 
  one of them is even faster than torrenting , if a little inconvenient to set up . 
  i have an hbo subscription , but afaik we do n't get it the same day or month it airs in the us . 
  and even if we did get it , i 'd still pirate it . 
  the main reason is that we have one tv , not one for every family member . 
  if my grandmother wants to watch a rerun of her favourite movie and i have a computer , guess who uses the tv . 
  the current model for distributing movies is antiquated . 
  this aside , we do n't have a local cinema or a movie store . 
  or even netflix . 
  not having netflix is a potential extra couple of million number on that `` download count '' they use to count sales , now multiply this by all countries that do n't have netflix . 
   one that does n't ignore the world except for the us, 
  ftfy, 
  netflix still is n't available in most of the world . 
  wtf . 
  we 're getting there , do n't worry . 
  2 saptamani de pe amazon.de, 
  de la o firma din china 1 luni o data si 3 luni alta data . 
  haha . 
  comparing the handwriting to the names , the letters seem very ` proper ' . 
  that is , all the i 's are dotted , so the second letter is not an i etc, 
  the first letter is an o. 
  the second letter looks like an `` s '' . 
  it seems to have a small curl inwards at the bottom - it 's not an `` r '' though , because cursive is basically an upside-down u with a loop . 
  the third letter is tall ... that can be ... t , l , b , h . it does n't extend down , so it 's not an f . the d is radomsky looks different , so it 's not that - also the k there is basically written as k , so it 's not it either . 
  fifth letter is the same k as in radomsky . 
  because of this , the fourth letter must be a vowel , `` u '' . 
  the sixth letter looks like it should be an i and end the name in `` ia '' , but the dot is too far away compared to where it is in the other words , so my guess is that the * last * letter is an `` i '' instead . 
  so the last two are either `` ci '' or `` ui '' . 
  the name looks like `` os_ukci '' or `` os_ukui '', 
  `` k '' would have turned into a `` c '' by now . 
  do any of these look familiar to anyone here ? 
  poate se refera la retrocedari ? 
  ... and have that service available worldwide !, 
  you mean , like groovershark ? 
  spotify still seems alive . 
  din latinul pl\u00e1cere . 
  home, 
  i got koromaru , i do n't remember picking the answer about the dog paws though . 
  i do n't think i picked that one either . 
  idk , i beat minotaur purely on agility buffs . 
  they 're stupid broken early in the game . 
  should i buy bravely default now for # 29.86 or are there chances for a price drop / sale soon ? 
  also , is # 30.78 a good price for the first 3 professor layton ds games ? 
  thanks !, 
  hah , it was exactly the opposite for me . 
  bosses could barely hit in me in smtiv , while fog breath did n't seem to do anything for me in nocturne . 
  that what ? 
  anyone have an image bigger than 113 \u00d7 160 ? 
   #colorful, 
   #readdress, 
   #beautifulinblues, 
  mi greu sa imi inchipui un adult facand confuzie intre ras ( -  raset ) , ras ( -  animal ) si ras ( -  aparat de ras ) in conditiile in care o conversatie normala nu e scrabble si are context . 
  source ? 
  no detention in romania either . 
  instead , we have a `` behaviour '' grade and if we did stupid things they 'd lower that . 
  that grade was a big deal , since there are places ( like the police academy ) where you ca n't apply if you had it lowered . 
  that , and calling the parents . 
  oh god , i spent months on that the first time . 
  i even asked my sister and my cousin to try it , with no luck .
