  that 's not how humans work . 
   that i often only felt comfortable exercising secretly . 
  same here . 
  i still do , actually - i feel really , really uncomfortable exercising in a public setting ( like at the gym , going jogging , or , god forbid , using the exercise machines at the park ) . 
  my exercise habits are terrible . 
  yeah , this . 
  i never had any of the trouble people usually complain about . 
  all of the characters in my party were useful and helpful and not having to give orders made battles go very fast . 
  then again , i never bothered with mitsuru . 
  i also like this idea because this would open the door for the global community to be represented . 
  america 's stance on climate change affects all of us . 
  try the demo . 
  the game is very addicting . 
  man you 're lucky . 
  mine has been randomly crashing since the warranty expired . 
   most of them were just voting to screw obama, 
  why do people still vote for them ? 
  does unconscious also cover asleep ? 
  waking your partner up with a blowjob is hardly rape . 
  i suspect people who talk like this ;-) and use smilies as punctuation spend less time online :-), 
  etc, 
  well yes ... but they hired someone to show up in a shell bra , that is what ariel wears . 
  the woman was wearing a shirt , no matter how well-endowed she is , it ca n't be more indecent than ariel 's actual outfit . 
  it does ? 
  ... do these parents also keeps the kids away from pools / the beach and indoors in summer , so they never have to see any skin below the neck ? 
  i really , really do n't see how the shirt that woman wears is indecent * in this context * . 
  she 's cosplaying a mermaid , not even a regular swimsuit top would have been particularly strange . 
  evident . 
  necredinciosule . 
  si mbti , se pare . 
   o comunitate suficient de mica incat sa nu fii anonim, 
  well , evidently , you do want to do it in the case of a fantasy ... or it would n't be a fantasy . 
  a typical 20-something 's experience with corpses ranges from grandpa ( maybe ) to movies . 
  on the other hand , all of us shit and vomit . 
  for most of those the % difference is very small though . 
  there are a lot of questions where none of the answers fit ... 
  especially the one about `` do you keep sensitive information ( username , password , card number , ... ) on your smart phone ? 
  it 's missing `` yes , in my email account . '', 
  conception ii as well, 
  wtf . 
  2 - yes , almost, 
  3 - pc and handheld ( 3ds ), 
  4 - i prefer keyboards that i 'm used to, 
  5 - i try to play one game at a time, 
  6 - i do n't pay attention to that . 
  45-50-ish maybe if the game is very demanding ? 
  7 - i do n't play mmos, 
  8 - jrpg , srpg , some simulators and rhythm games, 
  ... any chance the original voice track will be included ? 
  alternatively , i 'm still up for the original voices as dlc . 
  so you 're ... that guy ? 
   un ingredient care era cancerigen, 
  apa plata la pet de la supermarket . 
  it was an interesting addition to those of us who are n't that familiar with the topic . 
  chill . 
  standardele eh ? 
   or prior to the internet , could not, 
  afaik , retailers are the reason the prices of eshop games are ridiculously high and stay so . 
  too late anyone for anyone who updated past 9.2, 
  inb4 100 euro + shipping for the le, 
  cs is hardcore ? 
  i remember pretty much * everyone * , especially middle and highschoolers playing that when i was in highschool . 
  10 % poate fi un false negative sau un false positive . 
  thanks !, 
  would that be the usb in the front or in the back ? 
  both ? 
  my usb in the front is n't working , that 's true , and i 've been having some trouble with the usb in the back , although i assumed that was a wonky mouse rather than the port ... 
  that 's probably it then , thanks . 
  in other words , nothing to worry about ? 
  edit : so wait , i should be worried ? 
  what should i do ? 
  it 's not in warranty anymore . 
  i will . 
  thank you . 
  i 've never plugged in anything that could conceivably be `` high drain '' there . 
  the only thing i ever remember using is my usual usb stick ages ago , and nothing else because it did n't work . 
  i just never noticed that burn . 
   batrani in scutece, 
   italia, 
  well , it 's not impossible , i guess ... but how exactly would i have spilled liquid * there * of all places ? 
  it 's right at the bottom of the motherboard , which sits vertically inside the case . 
  and , * only * there ? 
  la un playstation tv :, 
  items, 
  estimated shipping & handling, 
  total before tax, 
  import fees deposit, 
  estimated order total, 
  also ,, 
   luceafar far-de seaman, 
  addendum to psa : just contact nintendo only if you live in one of their officially supported countries . 
  the list of countries the warranty normally applies in only counts if you 're still in warranty , otherwise suck it up and buy a replacement 3ds ( preferably second hand , because fuck nintendo ) . 
  yes , i 'm still salty . 
  maidegraba * as gusta aia decat ... ce naiba o fi in a doua imagine . 
  is that a real thing sau doar exagerare ? 
  2 female, 
  3 yes, 
  4 yes, 
  5 yes, 
   do you think that internet privacy is a problem ?
