  but ffxv might get updates or dlc down the line , pokemon ( probably ) wo n't . 
  i think that 's illegal in europe ... 
  the screen is 240p , not the games . 
  i assume they look better in citra ( the pc emulator ) . 
  being at the end of its life just means it has a lot of amazing games to choose from . 
  the switch wo n't be worth buying for a while yet . 
  physical . 
  you can resell physical copies , you can borrow them to friends , you can play them on multiple devices , and they look nice on a shelf . 
  my 3ds will be three years old in a month , no scratches yet . 
  just do n't use your nails or a pen instead of the stylus and you 'll be fine . 
  the clamshell design protects the screen . 
  have you looked into the zero escape series ? 
  i also recommend the devil survivor games , they 're highly story focused srpgs with no dungeoning ( and because of how they use the sreens , crazy battery life ) . 
  it seems like they could balance both you gameplay/exploration focused jrpgs and puzzle games that give you ` brain fatigue ' after a while . 
  monster hunter and fantasy life are the main two action rpgs titles on the console . 
  monster hunter is also probably the most appealing title to western rpg fans . 
  if you 're fine with turn based combat , keep an eye out for atlus sales for shin megami tensei iv . 
  it 's an amazing game that just sort of sucks you into its world . 
  smtiv apocalypse is a sequel to smtiv , and persona q is a persona spin-off . 
  other than that , no . 
  there are n't that many actual sequels on the 3ds . 
  a lot of them are just the next game in the series - the main exceptions off the top of my heard are virtue 's last reward + zero time dilemma , that kingdom hearts game , smt4 : a and bravely second . 
  i 've been trying to get my fingers to stay in the position from the second picture for five minutes now . 
  how does it work ? 
  yeah i meant the first ( it opened as the second tab since i clicked on it first , so i mixed them up ) . 
  no , but you can do a system transfer . 
  more sanders voters voted for hillary than hillary voters voted for obama a few years ago . 
  call nintendo . 
  the console might have been accidentally caught up in the pokemon banwave . 
  absence of religion is not a religion . 
  you probably meant satanism . 
  all of them are random . 
  a way to downgrade from 11.0 or 11.1 is rumoured to show up next month , so hold off on upgrading . 
  you can also download and use 3d grasses and small flowers/weeds that look natural in a scenery like that , different terrain textures , and other trees . 
   he spent most of his early and middle years working various jobs for a pauper 's wage , at one point spending over 50 % of his income on rent alone . 
  that 's still normal in a lot of places in europe without beibg a pauper . 
  i bought a vita recently and i 'm playing through p4 again . 
  i 'm a mainline smt fan and i completely forgot just how amazing this game was , even compared to the rest of the smt series . 
  it 's one of the games that got me into gaming , and now i remember why . 
  danganronpa v3 is coming out next year , and i hope they 'll localise caligula . 
  just do it . 
  i got a second-hand oled vita in perfect condition ( not even a scratch on it ) from ebay for 100 $ . 
  i 'm sure you can get better deals too , especially if you 're not aiming for a low firmware . 
  pity , i like having games on my shelf . 
  i honestly do n't know any working adult on a regular morning shift who wakes up ats late as 8am . 
   ( $ 35 totally down the drain , i 'll have to re-buy ) . 
  is n't it illegal in europe to prevent you from re-downloading legally purchased games ? 
  it was brought up during pokemon sun/moon banwave , though i do n't know the details . 
  good job . 
  he 's lucky . 
  -1000 calories for me would be like 600-700kcal a day . 
  tot in romania esti . 
  dat list, 
  nementionat : pita costa 10 lei . 
  i 'd fill the 3 gallon bucket , pour it into the bigger bucket , and mark the halfway point in the empty space left . 
  fill it until the marking . 
  or just fill the 5 gallon bucket , and call the extra gallon my margin of error . 
  it did n't occur to me to treat it like a logic puzzle . 
  maybe my mind is too tired right now . 
  romania is 60 + days , then 2\u00a01/2 hours standing in line at customs . 
  just today i was reading that / r/politics thread where they argued wikileaks ca n't be trusted because of information they have n't published . 
  it 's great to see the us government proving time and again they can be trusted . 
  well , emulating the games on the older systems on a pc is the best way to play them ( except 365/2 where the 3ds circle pad makes a world of difference ) , so i guess you could just put in the cost of a mid tier 2012 pc instead . 
  i would n't call the ps3 an older system . 
  ( or maybe i 'm just getting old . ), 
  i was talking more about something like kh2 on ps2 vs pc , where the difference is night and day . 
  i 'm not exactly advocating piracy either , since you can emulate a game directly from a ps2 disk . 
   also , does n't christianity have massive issues with homosexuality, 
  it does . 
  in romania , the orthodox church is incredibly homophobic and does its best to keep the people that way . 
  it 's a good thing liberals condemn its horrible teachings . 
  i played them with a keyboard the first time around , it worked really well . 
  ymmv, 
  i played two ( and 1/2 ) of its routes , but i 'm pretty much the opposite - i do n't generally enjoy vns , but i like the idea of dating dudes in a game . 
  that said ... it 's a plot heavy vn , especially the main route ( hijikata 's ) . 
  the story is more about war than about romance , and i think it was well written . 
  it cares a lot about being historically accurate even given the setting and the - rasetsu thing . 
  i 'd personally recommend it . 
  if you have more specific questions , i can try answering them . 
  well , the routes do go out of their way not to spoil each other , which is sort of weird since you 'd think this kind of game would assume you 're pre-spoilt from history lesson ? 
  each of the routes has a different theme though . 
  you have one that 's a supernatural romance , another one that veers more into tragedy , the main route is basically all plot , so maybe you wo n't play all of them anyway . 
   stapanesc suita office mai bine decat toti colegii mei absolventi de marketing . 
  hopefully it 'll be on switch . 
  i like handhelds more than strict home consoles . 
  de parca cartile lui nu tot entertainment sunt ( m-as mira sa se refere la non-fictiune ) . 
  i 've only ever heard it with boul ( and i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone say * ca cioara la ciolan * ? ) . 
  i did n't realise this was a regional thing . 
  calling someone an ox is a pretty common insult in general . 
  the screen has the same resolution , but bigger pixels . 
  so no . 
  they 're not . 
  i 'm pretty sure european courts have upheld consumer laws over eulas in the past . 
  so have australian courts . 
  there are consumer protection agencies who sue * for * you to avoid that pesky `` gets bankrupted in court '' bull . 
  this is the internet , you ca n't just assume the person you 're arguing with is from the same country or court system as you . 
  try testing it in a different 3ds . 
  take it back to the storeif the cross test also fails . 
  hah yes i guess . 
  though the difference in sharpness is n't something you notice much while playing .
