  it has the lowest prices versus best availability . 
  i made the mistake of picking the uk and i 'm still paying for that ( literally ) . 
  you can use any visa credit card and the bank will convert your lei to euro automatically . 
  whichever you feel like playing, 
  smtiv has a sequel coming out next year , so getting through it sooner than later would be a good idea . 
  the figure that we in europe got extra for bd was pretty ugly though , from what i 've seen, 
  most of us would have been happier without it and with the lower price, 
   pokemon mystery dung, 
  ok , i chuckled, 
  nope !, 
  you 're stuck with your nnid country , even if you move to another country or an eshop opens in your own country . 
  nope !, 
  you 're stuck with your nnid country , even if you move to another country or an eshop opens in your own country . 
  that depends - do you have an nnid ? 
  if you have an nnid , changing it will remove all your digital games , savefiles for digital games and downloaded dlc - if you do n't have much and do n't care that you start fdom scratch , you can still change it . 
  you can still buy both cartridges , but it 's more expensive . 
  the third route is dlc locked even in the se , you just do n't have to buy it anymore ; you still need to download something to `` unlock '' it . 
  op was contending that the voice acting * was n't * excellent . 
  and even if it is , so what if someone prefers hearing a different voice track ? 
  rune factory 4 is 1.34 gb , or 10,964 . 
  and yeah , i think it 's one of the best games on the 3ds . 
  i have almost 200 hours in it and still have n't done everything . 
  imagine a cross between animal crossing and fantasy life , but with farming and no open world ( and worse graphics , but it 's not a big deal in-game ) . 
  there 's still a lot of terrain and dungeons to explore though , even if it 's not open world . 
  i 'm not sure how long it takes to get into , i liked it from the start . 
  there wo n't be a newer version of the 3ds . 
  the nx will be coming out either next holiday season or in 2017 , but so far we know nil and nada about it , not even whether it will be a true handheld or a home console . 
  the policy can get pretty ridiculous hah, 
  you know how germany , austria and switzerland all speak german ? 
  well , the 3ds owners from austria had their nnids set to germany before their shop opened , and once it was available nintendo refused to transfer their nnids to austria . 
  or imagine someone moving from the uk to italy or maybe hungary , but still having to keep pay uk prices because that 's where he made his nnid . 
  i had some crashing issues with this game too , and i 've heard of one other person with this issue , but nobody else so far . 
  try to take the game back to the store , as / u/defunct32 said . 
  well . 
  time to see what the hype about neptunia was . 
  i have no idea . 
  i just got rebirth1 , since it 's also the cheapest . 
  the codes are region locked as well . 
  the currency does n't matter , but you ca n't use an eu/aus code on a us or jp device . 
  1 - yes . 
  - edit : i read this one wrong . 
  i have no idea whether you can charge it from a mobile charger from a different region , but you can buy a 3ds usb cable and charge it from your pc . 
  2 - yes . 
  well , us or canada . 
  3 - you can use international credit cards on the canadian eshop afaik, 
  flip a coin . 
  people seem to be enjoying both . 
  what did they say ? 
  uk deals coming on the 27th afaik, 
  for what it 's worth , a tale of two towns is generally considered one of the worse harvest moons . 
  people usually recommend getting story of seasons , or , failing that , a new beginning . 
  that 's how most of the world pronounces it . 
  yes , you can play it without touching previous fire emblem games . 
  as for other rpgs , any shin megami tensei , rune factory 4 , fantasy life , bravely default , etrian odyssey , stella glow ... most localized 3ds games are great , so just buy whatever . 
  32gb would probably be enough too , but 64 is more on the safe side . 
  the only reason rune factory 4 has the same price is because it 's on a massive sale in na , and from what others said it might be the first time it 's ever been on sale . 
  so get rune factory 4 . 
  codename steam is # 15 on amazon . 
  ma pis in ei de fan curier . 
  if you 're in na , get rune factory since it 's on discount now , and keep an eye out for atlus discounts . 
  other than that , the new fire emblem is coming out soon and it 's not a bad idea to have played awakening before it , to get all the references ( it 's not a sequel though ) . 
  nope , and sadly nope . 
  i found avalon code for ~ 22 $ somewhere and it was almost physically pain not to get it , but i just changed my job and i 'm not in a great place financially . 
  also , steam sales did n't help . 
  consider that fire emblem fates is coming out soon , and if you want to play that it 's a good idea to play awakening first - they 're not sequels , but there are references galore . 
  other than that ... well , i have 300 hours in awakening , but i have n't played kid icarus or dkcr so someone else would be better at comparing them . 
  iirc , story of seasons  anb  tott, 
  lost valley is n't an actual harvest moon game ( it was made by a different team of developers and kept the name because of licensing shenanigans ) . 
  i still use it , since it performs better than firefox and is n't as infection prone as chrome - but yeah , i miss the old features . 
  it 's the best browser on android though , hands down . 
  they do n't have it anymore . 
  firefox with extensions  chrome with extensions  opera  firefox  chrome, 
  opera has extensions too for most stuff , but obviously the bigger browsers are better at it . 
  but if you do n't care much about specific extensions in your day to day browding , opera is still the more pleasant and more smooth browsing experience . 
  i tried switching to chrome , but that browser picks up malware like an abstinence only highschool stds . 
  the worst part is that we 're paying the same amount over here in eastern europe . 
  it might go on sale for christmas ? 
  this is true , but in a lot of the cases it 's simply a piece of culture that gets lost . 
  when you translate onigiri to hamburger , or replace the name `` kamui '' from ainu mythology with something like `` corrin '' , or translate yen to dollars in what is clearly modern day tokyo , it jars . 
  my examples were all things that occurred in actual localizations . 
  the kamui example is from the new fire emblem . 
  the name `` corrin '' just means maiden , so they essentially just picked a name that looks close , without giving it any thought . 
  name changes are n't always a bad thing , but when they 're bad they 're bad . 
  i agree that honorifics and such should n't be in translation , but when someone says they dislike localisation , they ( well , we , often enough ) mean the first , unnecessary kind , and not the actual rational translation choices . 
  translating bento to lunchbox is fine and natural , but you ca n't translate kimono or ramen or katana . 
  idk . 
  they pronounced it fine in the dub of x. 
  do we have any sales numbers for just na ? 
  you have n't listed ace attorney . 
  how about that one ? 
  you should also try smt devil survivor . 
  it has 0 dungeon crawling , fea-esque grid based strategy gameplay and is very story focused . 
  if the slot is broken , call nintendo . 
  but test that sd card on other devices first . 
  it 's all tied to your nnid , so no , you ca n't . 
  virtual reality device ? 
  are you sure that was n't soul hackers ? 
  devil survivor ( both of them ) are about some friends trapped in a city when demons invade and everything goes to hell in a handbasket , and they just try to survive . 
  between the two , 2 has the better characters and 1 has the better story , but they 're unrelated games . 
  the gameplay is grid-based like fire emblem , with no dungeons or even walking around .
