  i know , you know , we all know there are more humane solutions . 
  to be honest , i do n't give a shit about the territorial conflict - what gets me is the sheer cruelty and hypocrisy displayed here . 
  but it 's exactly the same experience . 
  you can even pop the cart in if you want before pressing the icon right beside it . 
  it 's not the same as emulation . 
  i do n't understand what you think you 'd be missing out on . 
  and the second point is about the habit collectors have of not unsealing their copies . 
  you have a `` safer option '' that does n't risk damaging the case or the cart , a lot of collectors care about this . 
  there is literally zero need for two physical copies if you have a digital one . 
  i 'm happy with $ = $, 
  we usually get dollar = pound , this is a huge step forward . 
  you know , i had a racist colleague at work who used to wish a holocaust on hungarians and gypsies . 
  she 'd describe it really graphically as well , which upset me as an ethnic hungarian . 
  i 'm fairly certain she 'd have done something really bad had she had the means . 
  but she ca n't and she did n't . 
  should she be tried the same as german wwii war criminals ? 
  of course not . 
  as far as i know , actual tragedy still trumps ` maaaaaybe in a different universe ' tragedy . 
  my point was that intent does n't always matter . 
  israel does have a right to defend itself and to disarm gaza , i and most of the thread here agrees with that . 
  however , they do n't have any right or justification for what they are doing right now - that gaza wants to destroy them is irrelevant , seeing as they * ca n't * . 
  please remember that that elected official leads a ghetto of terrified and desperate people . 
  what israel is doing will not lead to fewer bombs . 
  madagascar already closed its borders and airports since they first started coughing . 
   ours is to keep every single civilian alive . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  is everyone in * israel this deluded ? 
  oooh , so the remaining 20 % are hamas wearing their terrorist uniforms ? 
  yes , and ? 
  we already knew this . 
  this hardly justifies what israel is doing . 
  probably not legit , but could someone check the sources ( that instagram account ) just in case ? 
  thank you , and good to know it 's 100 % fake . 
  just checking : does it show as $ 12.39 everywhere else as well ? 
  i 've been a bit suspicious of amazon lately . 
  if it reads like what it looks like in english , `` the personality changes the world '' , then yeah , it seems sort of odd . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm really not surprised - amazon likes to charge a little extra when you 're buying digital books from elsewhere ... 
  do you - or does anyone here - know whether the ebook can be purchased elsewhere ? 
  * cough * it 's also not out in the eu . 
  attack of the friday monsters and liberation maiden are also pretty good , from the same developers . 
  that hyper speed ex ( or however it 's called ) game that 's on sale right now is also fun . 
  maybe he 'll get lucky and have something like kingdom hearts or avalon code there . 
  yes , one or two people might die maybe if the expensive defense system fails , so someone please have a heart and bomb one of the only hospitals left in the region !, 
  ... or did you just forget the [ / s ] tag ? 
  western liberal here . 
  a lot of us do n't blame israel for the conflict itself , we blame them for the huge number of dead children in gaza . 
  there 's a difference . 
  of course they have by now . 
  if my government isolated my town , destroying schools and hospitals , and slaughtered my entire family , i 'd look for the closest bombs as well . 
  you are justifying the murder of innocent children because of things that their parents decided and an election before a lot of them were even born . 
  the double standards you guys have are amazing . 
  the countries without an amazon store are forced to buy ebooks from the us store , where they are charged with an indiscriminate surcharge ( that does n't go to the author or publisher ) . 
  this is why i prefer to buy ebooks from literally anywhere else , even if it ends up costing slightly more . 
   possibly with the body/alive idf soldier in one of those ambulances . 
  yes , better to * really * make sure that idf soldier is dead . 
  that 's still 169 people that have n't been charged with a crime vs 1 soldier . 
  um ... nobody is supporting hamas . 
  okay , not nobody . 
  but most of us are calling it a terrorist organization . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll try to contact amazon first , i guess . 
  but they could n't . 
  mass executions would have provoked an even worse outcry , and dropping a nuke - no , no nation can realistically do that . 
  the ( innocent ) jews would be lynched all over europe in the resulting backslash . 
  i earn about an euro an hour , and that 's how much a bottle of coke costs . 
  eastern europe here . 
  who in their right mind is most of the world , in this case ... 
  1.25 , to be exact - yeah , i know, 
  romania . 
  it does . 
  the minimum wage is 203 euro/month before taxes , or about 150 after taxes . 
  i do n't really know what that is per hour though . 
  i do in-company translations . 
  * all * wages are like this here , not just mine . 
  we 'd have to emigrate to earn better , and you 've probably heard what the rest of the developed world thinks of that . 
  okay , i was exaggerating a little with the cost of soft drinks . 
  a 0.5 bottle of cola is about 70 cents , so not a full euro . 
  a 2l bottle costs ~ 1.3 * euro , slightly more than i earn per hour . 
  most soft drinks hover around this price . 
  we do have a couple of cheaper brands , but few people buy them - drinking cola often has become something of a status symbol . 
  drinking off-brand soda highlights how poor you are . 
  ( i do n't care that much , my wage is n't rock-bottom ), 
  i wish i could upvote this more . 
  a lot of people already did that . 
  which is why everyone in the eu is reviewing immigration laws . 
  ( it does n't help that many muslims pretend they are from romania to have an easier time getting into germany / uk ), 
  thanks , man . 
  i live with my grandmother , and between the two of us we manage . 
  i have some plans to leave to country too , but in the future sometime . 
  walmart  mexican cartels, 
  not really , just hearsay and friends who 've travelled around , but nothing concrete . 
  we get paid per month , not per hour . 
  i get 225 euro ( 338 before taxes ) . 
  the 1 euro was just my estimate . 
  in-company translations . 
  i work for a call-center type thing ( operations center ? ), 
  that 's financed from germany , we have a lot of those around here . 
  a friend from denmark commented once that all the entry-level positions from the eu moved to eastern europe , heh . 
  `` conservative '' = `` to conserve '',
