  nothing happened . 
  nothing could have happened . 
  i wonder , ca n't the islamic faith just split ? 
  the way christianity did ? 
  because this is exactly the time for a reform . 
  drop all of the ultra-violent , disgusting and xenophobic parts of the koran , the attitude towards females and idolization of this mohammed figure . 
  dedicate the religion to peace , actual peace . 
  the way the religion currently is , i just ca n't bring myself to respect it at all . 
  at least jesus was nice guy , even if the christian church did a lot of despicable stuff over the course of history . 
  they were typical of america at the time , yes . 
  the inquisition and the crusades were also typical of the catholic church at the time . 
  also , the salem witch trials were back in the 90s . 
  the 1690s , that is . 
  1 ) the witch trials were 300 years ago . 
  at that time , the ottoman empire was busy terrorizing eastern europe . 
  you ca n't hold people accountable for what their ancestors did or did n't do . 
  2 ) i do n't recall reddit or europe in general defending the recent torture program . 
  hell , most of america , except for some brainwahsed scumbags and psychopaths , were revolted . 
  you can watch the colbert or daily show episodes on it if you do n't believe me . 
  3 ) this did not happen in america , it happened in france . 
  i 'm sorry for your son , but please show some empathy . 
  i do n't think anyone today has significant benefits from the salem witch trials , or the inquisition , or the crusades . 
  regarding empathy , i do not understand . 
  two members of your group killed a dozen people today and many of them , including you , are posting apologist comments . 
  it 's in bad taste and that 's the * nicest * thing i can say about it . 
  revelations is literally just a huge chapter of symbolism and prophecy . 
  none of it should be taken literally . 
  i 'm also not american . 
  we seem to have misunderstood each other , although my point that apologist comments so early after the events are in bad taste still stands . 
  source on all five claims please . 
  wwii does n't count . 
  the world collectively went crazy back then . 
  [ people also used to have a lot less empathy in the past . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cat-burning ), 
  ( not a source , just an example . ), 
  nobody was killed in the linked article though . 
  you can start this argument once people start lynching muslims or there are signs that they will , because this right now was nothing more than harmless vandalism . 
  which you 're comparing to the slaughter of a dozen people . 
  1 ) the figures are believable , but still . 
  source . 
  2 ) those figures would have fallen again quite quickly . 
  if people actually started deporting them or marking them out like the jews in wwii , then i 'm certain the support for it would have dropped dramatically even faster . 
  people liked the * idea * of revenge . 
  these other people like the * reality * of suicide bombers . 
  i am against torture so i feel dirty for even saying this , but there 's a huge difference between crashing a plane into a building full of people or blowing up a bus and torturing the people who are doing that in the hopes of preventing future tragedy . 
  obviously , it did n't work and involved too many innocents , but now we 're in a whole nother sticky web of lies and deceit . 
  either way , even if you believe i am moving goalposts , it can not compare . 
   the qur ` an is considered to be the most credible primary source for the life of muhammad in mecca . 
  [ 4 ] next in importance are the historical works survived from the writers of 3rd and 4th century of the muslim era . 
  i 'd be curious about a non-muslim source for his life in mecca . 
  edit :, 
   conservative opposition arose to muhammad 's speeches . 
  according to ibn sad , the opposition in mecca started when muhammad delivered verses that `` spoke shamefully of the idols they ( the meccans ) worshiped other than himself ( god ) and mentioned the perdition of their fathers who died in disbelief . '', 
  what that guy said , basically . 
  i 'm not excusing it and i do n't feel that the goal was noble . 
  i think the entire thing was shameful , a stain on western civilization that will not be erased anytime soon . 
  what i said is that it does n't compare . 
   the same can be said of people who condone suicide bombing , stoning , etc. 
  ... oh god , i forgot there are people who defend stoning . 
  anyone who does that is a disgusting peace of shit who i emphatically * do not * want to be near . 
  eastern orthodox and greek catholics also have saints . 
  e. orthodox are even more into them than catholics . 
  anglicans also have them afaik . 
  to be fair , that hiring manager has n't even showed his face in like 6000 years . 
  i still remember that we 'd pray to our guardian angel before bed . 
  the translated prayer is something like `` angel , angel mine , pray to god for me , i am small , please make me big , i am frail , please make strong , and protect me wherever i go and shield me from evil . 
  now and forever , amen . '', 
  which denominations do n't confess to a priest ? 
  same goes for wbcs and yehova 's witnesses . 
  20 weeks ? 
  holy shit . 
  this is as bad as what the cia did to some of the torture victims . 
  nobody shoved inspiration down the founding fathers ' throats . 
  the same , even better , inspiration still exists today with better means of travel and communication . 
  shutting them off does n't mean moving them into a parallel dimension . 
  the muslim religion will never represent `` peace '' while they worship this violent , sexually deviant and utterly intolerant barbarian . 
  that 's when he diddled her . 
  he married her at 6 though , do you really think he never touched her before she turned 9 ? 
  they really do n't care about their consumers except in a select few countries . 
  i 'm starting to really , really resent them . 
  * ~ ~ they have n't replied to my emails about my broken 3ds , even though i live in the eea , probably because it 's not a nintendo country . 
  i 'm lucky it somehow turned on again after a few days of not reacting at all , although now i 'm afraid to use it . ~ ~ ( i received a reply this morning , maybe they saw my comment ? ), 
  * that said , their warranty for european consoles only applies within the eea ... so if you are n't in one of those countries , you 're fucked . 
  * i registered several games on club nintendo , enough to qualify for some of the rewards , but i ca n't have any of them because they do n't ship outside their countries . 
  * in fact , i ca n't buy anything from them . 
  * i had to lie about where i live to even be able to access the eshop to give them money . 
  honestly , i regret not buying a gateway right after buying the console . 
  they obviously do n't want me buying any games . 
  yes , they very pointedly do not take any offense when you say anything about mohammad and very pointedly do not memorize the book about his life and very pointedly do not follow his words . 
  the fact that they do n't actually pray to him is a little irrelevant considering they tick just about every other ` worship ' criteria . 
   most scholars, 
  it says * some * scholars . 
   some classical and post-classical hadith scholars such as al-albani , majdi , and al-jawzi have rejected the story , with some declaring it as fabrication, 
  there 's actually a really enlightening line in the article about this :, 
   the shi'ite biographies are obviously more reliable and so there is no need to look for those fabriacted sunni narrations anyway , such as ibn ishaq 's ` unique ' sira . 
  over in the comments , several editors say ibn ishaq 's `` sirat rasul allah '' is the oldest and most widely respected sira . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm inclined to believe it . 
  especially since muslims should * want * to change this detail , considering how controversial it is . 
   virgin mary, 
  actually , many denominations do .
