  maybe . 
  the pretty cutscenes felt a lot like rewards in the other kh games . 
  we 're talking about fire emblem where relationships were * literally * a gameplay mechanic . 
  none of them felt real the way you describe . 
  if you can choose whether any given character is attracted to furries or children , why ca n't you choose whether they 're attracted to people of the opposite sex ? 
  what does it matter what percentage of people irl are gay ? 
  magic and pegasus riders are n't real irl either . 
  they 're not actually related , afaik, 
  i do n't really want them to take it more seriously , because if they do it 's bound to stick out like a sore thumb when the other relationships are n't . 
  but i usually leave my real-world baggage at the door when playing games . 
  for instance , i married nowi in awakening because it made sense for my tactician ( he was a serious all-work-and-no-play type that nearly always pouring over plans , and nowi was cheerful and playful and got him to relax for a bit , and her morgan is absolutely adorable ) , even though outside of the game i 'm not at all comfortable with pedophilia or eugenics . 
  it 's a microcosmos i retreat into , i like it to be idealized and not the real world - the everyone is bisexual trope is one of my favorite things in this sense . 
  how hard it is to just not pursue that s-rank if you 're not comfortable with it ? 
  i wo n't be playing it either , but i 'll be angry if they remove content from a game i 'll pay thrice over for . 
  what do you need to justify ? 
  they 're not related so there 's nothing objectively or morally wrong about the relationship . 
  [ ] ( #s `` they do n't even pretend they 're related in the s-ranks . '' ), 
  if you feel personally uncomfortable with it , just ignore it , the same way people have ignored that panne is one shade away from a furry , nowi looks like she 's 9 , a lot of characters look like they 're 13 , and tharja is a creepy stalker . 
  in fact , there 's more objectionable stuff in what i 've listed than in the `` incest '' in if . 
  i 'm not in love with my sister though . 
  if i was in love with my biological sister ( this does happen in humans ) , i would n't do anything about it because incest . 
  if i found out she was not actually my sister , and she returned my feelings , i 'd be very happy indeed . 
  it helps that ( i assume ) they know from the start that they 're not ~ ~ real ~ ~ biological siblings . 
  edit : sorry about the `` real '' , i was being flippant and did n't mean that adoptive siblings can not be real siblings ( that 's not what i 'm saying at all ! ), 
  we seem to actually have the same definition of family , but we 're arguing about different things . 
  sometimes siblings do fall in love with each other , even natural siblings . 
  incest is a taboo for a good reason and should not be encouraged , but if you remove the factor of blood-relation , assume the characters are close in age and both are consenting adults , it really has no reason to be objectionable . 
  uncomfortable for people like you and me who have siblings , sure - but it should stay in the game . 
   but i 'd rather not make people angry than make some happy, 
  same here , that 's * exactly * what i 'm thinking . 
  and i 'd agree with you if this was a discussion about what they were planning to add to fe14 - but it 's a discussion about whether something already in the game should be * removed * because it 's objectionable . 
  removing content from games is something i fundamentally disagree with , and so do plenty of other people . 
  * raises hand *, 
  me as well . 
  of course i want more sensual touching and nudity with the character my avatar * marries and has kids with * . 
  download 's pescado 's game fixes . 
  one of them is a batbox in the misc category , it has a `` force reset '' option and various other useful features . 
  most pairs do though . 
  not that it matters that much , in the end . 
  an s rank for virion and libra would have been nice back in awakening though . 
  could you please post them ? 
  because i do n't really want to get throughly spoiled to prove a point . 
  japanese enjoy `` ecchi '' which is more teasing than outright sex , so i honestly doubt any of the `` imouto '' or `` oneechan '' type characters would say anything like that , outside of maybe the s-rank . 
  you 're not and you 're right . 
  i was reading the sub with dismay yesterday because it seemed like everyone was freaking out about midly-lewd face-rubbing , swimsuits and pseudo-incest , arguing that nintendo needs to self-censor to get a more family friendly experience , while ignoring that this was going to be a very dark , occassionally gruesome game . 
  now it seems like i was a little ahead with the spoilers . 
  fair enough . 
  but keep the other commenter 's points about translation and linguistic context in mind though , the lines may not mean what you think they mean . 
  i do n't know the lines ... 
  i do n't mind being spoiled for big stuff , but it 's these little details that make the game , so i 'm afraid of looking . 
  from what you describe , i 'm sort of imagining the character whining `` oneechan , iyada ' '' while blushing as you pinch and pull at his cheeks . 
  in english that would be something like `` stop it , sis '' . 
  that 's exactly what it means in english , `` stop it '' or `` no '' . 
  in this context blushing would be from embarassment , not attraction . 
  it 's supposed to be cute . 
  it 's sort of like ... a bratty kid blushing furiously as you pat his head . 
  blushing does n't necessarily imply sexual attraction ( the s rank does , but it 's a given in fe games that you assume the characters you do n't marry are n't in love with you either ) . 
  i imagine the dialogue is meant to be a little borderline and pander to fetishes , but ` fetishes ' in this context is a lot less perverted than you 'd think ( different definitions across cultures ) . 
  a little sister fetish for example is imagining a little sister character , who is small and cute and entirely unlike a real little sister , who relies on you and looks up to you , gets embarassed easily ( you can tease her ) and calls you `` oniichan '' - sexuality is not even a factor . 
  ie , not `` i want to have incestuos sex with my sister '' but `` omg little sisters are cuuute , i want to have one and cuddle her forever . '', 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  hey , maybe , think of it like this : they 've limited the incestuous overtones to only one character at a time , rather than all of them . 
   since you need to marry her for hear that dialogue . 
  yeah , exactly, 
  but easy enough to avoid by not marrying your sister, 
  hinoka also has a huge cameltoe . 
  regardless of the contents of the letter , the bible does tell us jesus never married ( in a time when the social pressure for marriage must have been immense ) , but spent his time surrounded by 13 men , one of which was known as his ` beloved ' disciple . 
  if anything , i 'd expect him to be gay . 
  are you talking about how lgbt does n't seem to include intersexuality ? 
  if i 'm understandingit wrong , could you please elaborate ? 
   people normally are n't very accepting of me being like `` the sex binary isnt a thing '', 
  i think i just got a little offended at the thought . 
  i strongly agree and identify with the position that it 's * not * a thing , it 's primarily a social construct influenced by hormone levels that vary wildly from person to person , and it 's no less ` normal ' for a biological female to be stereotypically masculine than it is for her to be the feminine ideal , and anything in-between . 
  bisexual females even less so . 
  it 's apparently something `` everyone does '' that you just `` grow out of '' . 
  proof ? 
  why look how many bisexuals are in a long-term gay or straight relationship !, 
  you are not bisexual , you 're just experimenting . 
  you have n't found yourself yet . 
  you 're just pretending . 
  and to compound it , many bisexuals * do * act like all that is true , because nature gave us a get out of jail free card for this topic , by choosing to avoid one sex . 
  this choice is also something i feel causes friction with gl groups , who do not have it . 
   it is mind-boggling to me how many people do n't know this . 
  it 's because on paper it 's, 
  in the first fraction you would multiply first . 
  the order is not immediately obvious to someone who is not used to writing these out on a computer . 
  edit : we learned division in third grade as '' : '' rather than fractions - 10 : 5 x 2 . 
  this puts it all one line and is unambiguos . 
  thank you , reading it now !, 
  the gentlemen into [ cbt ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cbt&amp;defid=4180974 ) disagree . 
  she did n't molest her at 7 , she was masturbating in the same bed as her sister at 7 . 
  while her sister was sleeping . 
  the incident is way overblown . 
  he was also 14 , not a preteen . 
  14 is the age of consent in many places . 
  the youngest girl he molested was 5 . 
  she was n't , that was just a typo in an article about the book . 
  the typo was retracted afterwards . 
  to be fair , speaking two languages and translating between two languages are different skillsets . 
  i learned this the hard way a few years ago .
