  they ca n't be compared . 
  i recommend starting with awakening - fates has a lot of throwbacks and references to it , and the characters are * everywhere * ( lucina in particular ) . 
  birthright and conquest have different stories , characters , maps and even gameplay . 
  birthright is simpler but has a better plot , while conquest has more complex maps . 
  the us version does n't have the japanese locale . 
  if you still have access to homebrew ( ninjahax or a 3ds at 10.5 or lower ) , you can launch and play out of region games . 
  devil survivor is a story focused grid based srpg with strong religious themes . 
  eoiv is an exploration focused first person dungeon crawler with turn based combat and a paper thin story . 
  they are very , very different games . 
  i personally prefer desu . 
  was n't pokemon inspired by the earlier shin megami tensei games ? 
  i remember reading something like that once . 
  short answer : yes . 
  the best game to start the series with is kingdom hearts i on ps2/ps3 . 
  khii is also fine , if you read up on what happened in khi . 
  on the other end , ddd is the worst place to start the series . 
  in an effort to not hopelessly confuse you , it spoils * everything * . 
  and it 'll * still * leave you confused . 
  you should only play it after you 've finished i , ii , birth by sleep and 358/2 days . 
  chain of memories and re : coded are optional . 
  if you want to start with one of the ds games , i suggest days - it 's what i started with too . 
  to prepare , watch a playthrough of kh2 up until sora shows up ( or play it on an emulator until then - this is just the prologue of the game , so it 's not long ) , then read up a bit on the basic premise of kh and who sora , riku and kairi are . 
   white people with iqs of 70 or less are almost always organically retarded , but this is n't true of black people with sub-70 iqs . 
  i * know * i should n't , but i ca n't help myself . 
  why ? 
  is n't an iq of 70 an iq of 70 regardless of who has it ? 
  shin megami tensei came out in 1992 , and the first megami tensei in 1987 . 
  smtii , which was hugely popular in japan at the name , came out in 1994 . 
  pokemon started in 1995 . 
  so it turns out people who buy a system for piracy often also spend money on legit games , like with every other entertainment sector out there . 
  in my country , piracy is rampant because the salaries are quite low , but you can still fairly easily find * used copies of original ds games . 
  not so for the 3ds ( or the vita ) , which nobody bought because you could n't hack it . 
   then kh358/2 , then kh2 ,, 
  i would n't recommend this order . 
  kh2 is what gives kh days meaning and atmosphere - sure it also spoils it , but it 's a mission based game that spends most of its play time being light hearted and making vague allusions to what happened and what 's going to happen . 
  it was never meant to be played without knowing in advance what happens to roxas . 
  it does n't give you a reason to * care * about him . 
  and you have to play birth by sleep before ddd too , for the full story , although you can skip recoded . 
  from the eshop . 
  i do n't care about the art assets in the game itself , but this would offend me a lot if i bothered to preorder it ... 
   only residents of the usa are eligible for gift card drawing . 
  sort of bait and switchy ... 
  dude , she has her arms bound by the red string of fate ... and you think fetish images . 
  what 's wrong with you . 
  some of the images removed were perfectlt innocent reverse poses , and one of a character covered with blood . 
  just check the list of recommended jrpgs . 
  it asked which xbox i use . 
  i do n't . 
  between the two fes , it 's the one that 's most similar to awakening . 
  assuming that is true , 14 is pretty damn late for a first menstruation . 
  do you use emunand ? 
  i 've heard vc games are n't fully compatible with it . 
  if you do , hunt down a . cia of the game to use instead . 
  he should , at least . 
  the codes should be compatible across the region . 
  the average age in 90s recession romania seemed to be about 12 . 
  i was the fattest girl i knew ( in fact , the only fat girl i even knew * about * in my town ) and i was the last in my class to start it at 13 . 
  the first ones were ~ 9 and rail thin . 
  i know these are n't data , but 14 seems really late for someone not malnourished . 
  you got me excited until i saw that it was for the wii u. 
  one of the comments said that the original sidequests had multiple outcomes , and the english version all but the positive/nrutral ones . 
  anyone know whether this is true ? 
  the commenter said they had 4 or so options in japanese , but who knows about trusting youtube comments . 
  get a 3ds xl . 
  it has a significantly bigger screen and better battery life than the original 3ds . 
  the 2ds is fine , but it lacks a 3d slider and does n't have the neat clamshell design . 
  us or eu ? 
  it 's more advantageous to you , as a consumer , to buy physical games . 
  digital games are one console at a time only . 
  you can not sell them , you can not play them on a second device . 
  as for space , just buy a 32gb sd card . 
  they 're pretty cheap these days . 
  abonament la rds ? 
  i think the rebranding helped . 
  new people were maybe more willing to buy the new story of seasons rather than the 4th 3ds harvest moon . 
  anyone know when the eu nintendo direct will be ? 
  damn that 's late ( i 'm at +2 ) - but thanks !, 
  i 'll just stay up . 
  thanks !, 
  hitler was appointed , not elected . 
  so ... are we supposed to not sleep until the fe preorder is out ? 
  yes . 
  rune factory 4 , possibly . 
  it has the advantage that you can do whatever you want , whenever you want : farming , fishing , dungeon crawling , fighting things , taming things , advancing the story , befriending npcs , crafting , cooking - and each of these things can keep you entertained for 2-3 hours , or you can jump between them . 
  it 's a game that has a lot of freedom while not being overwhelming at all . 
  bravely default might also be interesting to look into , since it 's basically an old school final fantasy , but i would n't recommend it in your case , since it 's grindy , you spend a lot of time trying to get to places and there 's a lot of backtracking . 
  oh , attack of the friday monsters is another good one , if short . 
  and for relaxing games , you must get final fantasy theatrythm curtain call - a rhythm game with rpg elements and over 200 final fantasy songs in it . 
  launching on the wii u , a console with barely any jrpgs and no other fire emblem or smt games , had nothing to do with it 's bad sales ? 
  what ? 
  do you expect people to buy a wii u just for this ? 
  you 're forgetting that the wii u sold * poorly * . 
  it has very little overlap with * any * genre , other than family friendly nintendo games . 
  why would a jrpg fan even own a wii u ? 
  xenoblade and bayonetta ? 
  that 's * two * games . 
  they 'd get more value out of any of the other consoles , except maybe for the xbox . 
   if persona 5 was a wii-u exclusive , do you expect it would sell poorly ? 
  but it 's the other way around : persona 5 would do well on any console , because any console with persona 5 exclusively on it would sell well . 
  the game is what we call a system seller .
