man getting rid of the foreign criminals was easy , thanks netherlands , we do n't want them back !, 
  oi leave does alone , stand down !, 
  do n't march on moscow again :(, 
  perfect , let the invasion begin !, 
  yeah lets pretend that the oslo-g\u00f6teborg stretch wo n't be norwegian boarder - g\u00f6teborg , the current line between oslo and the swedish boarder has breakdowns in the signal system every month . 
  upgrades means you ca n't cut banners , so our politicians wo n't throw money at it , they argue over where , when and how to build or improve on the railroads , but most of the time , nothing . 
  worlds richest country , and focus on environment is n't worth shit when you can get your face on tv with the king if you open a new stretch of highway or a bridge :(, 
  pff its like 1905 , just even better !, 
  atleast your used to always coming behind norway , and beating denmark , 
  pff speak for yourself !, 
  now , oh man it 's great to be norwegian !, 
  so the european marine will have to borrow helicopters from the european luftwaffe then ? 
  a brit going both french and polish ? 
  actually how the rest of the europe pictures you , 
  you realize it 's not that much money right ? 
  for norway 's 5 million inhabitants it 's quite alot when you spread it around , for the eu 's 500 million its pretty much nothing . 
  they gave up on world domination through wars , now they just dominate europe through the eu instead . 
  so we wait until september , and then we send all unemployed portuguese , spanish , greek and italian men and women between 18 and 35 to fight russia in the ukraine , solves the unemployment crisis as well as the ukrainian crisis , win win ? 
  oi have bought most of bohuslen back , now we want to make it officially part of norway again . 
  absurd ? 
  dronning maud land is a integral part of norway !, 
  most of our penguin population live there, 
  dude , lets not get into anything , if our teachers read any of this there will be even more hell to pay :(, 
  it 's not about choice , they managed an almost impossible feat , the german army was better in every way , yet the russian 's fought on and at some point they could probably have begged for a ceasefire which would have doomed the rest of europe . 
  russia ca n't move further though , at some point the germans will go from defensive inactivity to frustrated to angry to action and then all hell will break loose and europe will burn again . 
  without us sweden and finland are just the dick and balls of europe , with us their in a better place !, 
  denmark is far eastern norway being mean to you again ? 
  norway wants to be reviewed as a candidate aswell , and then when our oil and gas run out we want you to look at that review and let us in :(, 
  i 'm just assuming that london is the financial center of the eu , like new york is to usa , so without london in the eu , eu would seek a new financial center for their trade ? 
  what will be left of that financial sector if you leave the eu ? 
  wo n't the eu give incentives for does bank etc. 
  to move into the eu ? 
  watch out bulgaria , you will soon have a new dialect called `` potato '' :(, 
  ironically our biggest non western immigrants are now from somalia , and we got quite a few gypsies already , they camp out in the woods around oslo ... 
  there were elements of does fascist nazis ? 
  in the ukrainian rebellion , obviously a minority , but they were there . 
  the cia using the internet as a tool ? 
  why not , considering how the us operates its not very far fetched ... 
  it 's quite obvious for everyone that russia wants to annex even more of the ukraine , but claiming that all their propaganda is made up lies is just silly . 
  then whats the problem ? 
  2000 years of an area being called macedonia should be enough for the current population of the area to call it macedonia aswell ? 
  your welcome to norway , we are taking in all your youth anyway ? 
  pff , ban all import of russian oil and gas to the eu !, 
  that would really hurt them !, 
  oh you mean they get their old land back ? 
  did i hear norway ? 
  yes yes throw your borrowed money at us !, 
  says more about the rest of the world than sweden , sadly . 
  how is norway fucked ? 
  almost half the population lives in that tiny green area , 
  yes we are a member of all of does , fishing and agriculture would be threatened by a eu membership , fishing from competition and agriculture because of huge subsidy 's and we got fairly high toll on cheese etc. 
  in general people fear that our agriculture would die with a eu membership . 
  the sovereignty part is abit blurry ofc , but we have n't been in a union with another nation for the past 100 or so years , compared to the 700 years we were in unions with denmark and sweden . 
  and we have done so well that its kinda blinding to a potential eu membership . 
  and yes we pay heavely for the eea/efta membership , but we can `` sort of '' afford it . 
  joining the eu would involve both pro 's and con 's , and without the `` national pride '' aspect of some industries that would surely be in jeopardy with a eu membership we would probably be better of as eu members together with the rest of europe . 
  we managed to sneak ourselfs into the schengen agreement which is good , and with the nordic passport union we can freely enter the eu with no hassle , super cheap swedish supermarkets get flooded with norwegians everyday  ( the swedish supermarkets are not super cheap for norwegians , but alcohol and meat ( etc. ), 
  are cheaper than in norway ) we norwegians are in the lucky situation were we get alot of the advantages of being in eu while not being in it , but we do not get to vote on internal eu rules , while we still get affected/have to implement them , but hey atleast we did not trade our sovereignty away to join another union , 
  what unemployment ? 
  we are trying to get immigrants to take the jobs we do n't even have the population for ? 
  and saudi arabia will react by stopping all oil export to the us until their assets are returned ? 
  well this time around the poles might actually have the germans on their side , and not have them on their way in for a full scale invasion of poland :p, 
  surely its canada who gains the most of this trade deal , and romania probably gains pretty much nothing , so why not force canada into giving romania something the rest of the eu already has ? 
  maybe the americans will share ? 
  that would make the russians both happy and angry at ones , 
  france you can keep him . 
  congratulations on being best at something , 
  and switzerland left for a better place ? 
  well their circumcision is a religious custom , if it was n't for their religion they probably would n't do it . 
  premier club of everything, 
  well with our elections just done id say you have like 7 days to get here before we turn all angry at foreigners entering our country :(, 
  this is looking very promising !, 
  no worries , winter is coming , they will turn back from norway when they see the snow in sweden, 
  the syrian refugees walk into sweden ? 
  this is so dumb , and it 's not even a swedish suggestion , wtf denmark get a grip . 
  do n't be silly , of course we are afraid of a potential us boycott , if we were not snowden would already be here . 
  it 's probably political suicide for the pm aswell , piss off our most important ally who we need because of russia atm over one man ? 
  says the closet dane :-), 
  because trying to equal themselfs to swedes makes them superior to anything ? 
  somebody really needs to give that poor country a interest free 30 or so year loan so that they can atleast get past the `` crap we need to pay the next instalment '' and over to `` lets fix our country '' . 
  we have 2 written languages , its very practical ... 
  and you see no problem with this ? 
  so it 's only ethnic cleansing then ? 
  it would be eu vs. turkey though ? 
  did n't say i wanted it , just said it would be interesting , and we have no figured out how to close the boarders in norway , so no kurdish muslims for us !, 
  that would start a interesting war , a war the kurds could actually win . 
  so not a swede then ? 
  well the faroe islands are welcome , it 's just the crazy far right danes who do not fit in anymore . 
  actually this is all okay , we do n't need them , right sweden ? 
  building a wall to avoid immigration ? 
  in the middle of schengen ? 
  the guy leading your presidential election is a far right wing populist ? 
  not turkish, 
  true , but he 's got a valid point . 
  is that fair on the russian minorities in the old soviet states though ? 
  they suddenly ended up as minorities in other nations after the ussr broke up . 
  it 's not fair on them to demand that they change their culture , their history , their language just because they were unfortunate enough to end up outside of russia . 
  immigrants on the other hand have come to a foreign country to take advantage of that country , they should atleast try to integrate themselfs . 
  does n't matter does it ? 
  trump seems to be aiming at making everyone angry , it wo n't be the us vs. the eu , it will be the us vs. every nation on earth .
