  marching , dressing in specific colors , singing and so on for [ specific purpose ] . 
  is that how people define active democracy ? 
  i have nothing against raising awareness for certain issues , but those performances lack some substance that makes it effective . 
  agreed, 
  well , i said usually , not always . 
  your perception is biased by your social circles . 
  for balkan slavs cannabis is a hard drug and rakija a medicine . 
  uk is eu 's meth head neighbour . 
  it 's weird , macron and merkel say the same . 
  the eu is united in values it seems . 
  the flow of big political changes goes usually like this usa --  eu --  rest of europe, 
  since when is taking the bible literal a european thing ? 
  the low birth rates are a result of education , urbanization and women 's rights . 
  how much due to migration to leading countries of the eu ? 
  no , `` european values '' is what western countries define . 
  / s people from western/central part of europe do n't realize how much they view the rest from their own closed perspective . 
  i think the problem is the image of homosexuality . 
  it is associated on the balkans for example with provocative parades of half naked people with sexual gestures . 
  there 's also the view that gay people are backed by interest groups who use the lgbt label as a backdoor to influence the politics . 
   sure , but you usually do n't do any dramatic changes like that . 
  that was my only point . 
  they can decide what they want . 
  the factors that lead to future decisions depend on the profit of the company related to the majority shareholder 's strategies . 
  does n't the majority decide on the organization strategy ? 
  they basically own it and decide what to do with the company , i. e. they can change the fact about 2/3 production factories in europe . 
  why is this europe related ? 
  volvo cars is a chinese company that was once swedish . 
  by that logic a vote of person in a populous country equals less compared to a less populated country . 
  [ tito ? 
  i have the impression that you said `` we are all equal , but some of us are more equal than others '' . 
  i still have the opinion that each member state should have the same vote value . 
  even france and germany depend on the eu . 
  for example , especially the german economy heavily depends on the eu market and mobility of high educated young people from other eu regions . 
   as a german , im glad france returns to its position as one of the leaders of europe . 
  what about other nations ? 
  judging by news articles it seems the eu heads where germany and france wants it . 
  i think that if the eu wants to be more than an exclusively economic union , then the representation weight should not depend on economy strength of the member states . 
  r/reurope : yes , because it was russian, 
  it 's not about the forest , it 's about the negative news before they get sanctions for refusing the migration quota from the two leading countries . 
  if someone is constantly blamed for something , punishment becomes more accepted . 
  i mean the deforestation is nothing new . 
  since he 's greek there 's no doubt it 's tobacco . 
  i can only speak for the average balkan view . 
  the opinion is : gay = oversexualized public gay parade . 
  your great uncle lived what you learned about in school . 
  in any other western country there would be riots because of the cross . 
  good for you dear poles . 
  may god bless you . 
  so controversial, 
  do all of your tv stations follow a political agenda ? 
  never forget sutorina https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sutorina_dispute  the sutorina dispute was a border dispute between montenegro and bosnia and herzegovina regarding the sovereignty over the territory of sutorina . 
  between the berlin congress of 1878 and the aftermath of world war ii in 1947 , the territory of sutorina was a part of bosnia and herzegovina within austria-hungary and the first yugoslavia , but then became part of the sr montenegro within second yugoslavia . 
  after the breakup of yugoslavia , the territory was controlled by montenegro , but some bosnian officials have claimed that the territory transfer was illegal , disputing montenegrin sovereignty over the area . 
  in 2015 , two countries reached an agreement which gives the sovereignty over the territory to montenegro . 
  they are honorary slavs . 
  i always ask myself how romanian sounded before the latin influence . 
  here 's a comparisson : let it go in portuguese : https://youtu.be/qqtjtgmwc88 let it go in slavic languages : https://youtu.be/kfgrtuzoi8s news in portuguese : https://youtu.be/-y3kzibhn8o?t=3m26s news in serbian : https://youtu.be/-y3kzibhn8o, 
  hold my rakija serbia should solve the boarder issues with kosovo in the same way . 
  so you basically phrase things in a different way to make it appear worse ? 
  the agenda against religious practices is still being pushed here ? 
  how different the countries are . 
  while germany discusses the legalization of homosexual marriage , greece is protesting because of pensions , bosnian 's against veteran poverty and in uk they fear what happens after the brexit . 
  edit : misspelled a word, 
  [ brotherhood and unity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brotherhood_and_unity ) and creating a south slavic stereotype . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  [ playing with putin ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7tkqgen3wydpbjcg/giphy.gif ), 
  [ this ? 
  rufinka is layed down from sickness, 
  just shows the human side of politicians . 
  while she 's very busy with politics , she decides to open the gamescom . 
  it just shows that she 's a gaming fan and can relate to the youth . 
  thanks for using the term `` lawmakers '' . 
  that way i think it has absolutely nothing to do with the current theocratic dictatorship in poland . 
  the opinions of macron , merkel and may are way overrepresented . 
  they are not the only european country leaders . 
  you might consider to change your flier . 
  i see , he liberals have new tactics to change politics . 
  they will try it trough elections and not trough protests . 
   how much popular support and or political will exists for this idea ? 
  wrong sub to ask this question . 
  when i read top comments on this sub i would never say this is an average european . 
  most people here seem to be idealistic college students who had never paid taxes or had to work to survive , at least from my experience . 
  do n't forget yugoslavia and the ussr, 
  they need his corpse to show how great the eu is . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yoylgvi1ue ) should be played at the show . 
  very progressive . 
  you will be promoted to the top . 
  where was he 1991 ? 
   date of birth 01.01.2013 nevermind, 
  those who want to join the eu are the ones who do n't see any other way to leave the balkans . 
  i do n't like to be exposed to women when i pee . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inwjai-u6dk ) a bulgarian poem in middle bulgarian ( old church slavonic ? ), 
  about vukashin and ugljesha . 
  why not let georgians decide ? 
  those who want to be seen as progressive do . 
  it gives them a warm fuzzy feeling . 
  i for one do n't want women entering while i take a piss at the urinal . 
  do n't be fooled by official representatives that play the game . 
  the population of the balkan states do n't agree with the politics . 
  it can go this way since the eu keeps doing business with dictators .
