nothing, 
  popcorn, 
  i will probably get the 2017 iphone if the rumors turn out to be true . 
  i like glass devices, 
  sausage party, 
  nyan cat and an ak-47, 
  non backlit keyboards, 
  ripped clothing will take over the world, 
  apple . 
  16gb of base storage . 
  enough said, 
  dick size and race are related, 
  chrome, 
  mp3 players, 
  so wear my , sweeaaatshiiiirt, 
  i never broke a phone screen . 
  not by accident , at least, 
  undertale, 
  you ca n't be good at everything, 
  those stupid `` find the heart , find the baby , repost in 5 seconds '', 
  hillary approves, 
  amazing to see nothing has been vandalized, 
  what company made that laptop ? 
  can we see that photo ? 
  why would anyone need to measure the angle of an opened door ? 
  at least i know the difference between your and you 're, 
  i dunno , somehow, 
  most of the places i 've been to were graffiti free , lol, 
  i always felt like there was someone watching me while exploring a particular factory . 
  i never felt like that in the other places i have explored, 
  can you give us the link to mike 's website ? 
  great story mate, 
  lol, 
  no ads on the internet, 
  thankfully none of the places i have explored had any stuff like that . 
  i mean , last year there was an ant colony in the corner of a tower restaurant but i just leaved it there undisturbed and carried on, 
  lol no, 
  sure , go ahead . 
  thanks for your feedback , 
  that graffiti though xd, 
  it 's something they use in this thing called `` the rest of the world '', 
  problem with that is , god is just a fairy tale, 
  dogs, 
  because i prefer samsung/google emojis over apple 's, 
  thanks , i will try once a 32 bit jailbreak materialises ... 
  * this photo, 
  sad to see both the story and op vanished , i loved it, 
  romania is not a balkanic country . 
  other than that great comic, 
  k , it is balkanic . 
  although i was never told that in my entire life, 
  amazing !, 
  russia is also missing , lol, 
  could you send us the gps coordinates of your town , op ? 
  that does n't explain why germany and denmark have unified , along with ireland and northern ireland and finland and norway ... 
  nice video mate but there 's just one little problem with it , it 's halloween not `` helloween '', 
  thanks mate, 
  not really, 
  i think the joke is `` a + for effort '', 
  bcuz ... reasons, 
  that 's not actually e , it 's the greek s, 
  inception !, 
  it 's detergent, 
  antimatter, 
  brazil + what ? 
  what, 
  i like how finland seems to be alright, 
  do n't forget about kangaroos, 
  just watch sausage party , op, 
  but dicks can do so much more than vaginas, 
  that 's because apple has a huge influence on the other companies and those people including me are afraid others will also get rid of the headphone jack, 
  and the donor is someone who was craving to get an iphone 7, 
  what u/mirrorlapis said, 
  android along with touchwiz, 
  higher res version http://motherboard-images.vice.com/content-images/contentimage/1484/1399665425912.jpeg?crop=0.9984779299847792xw:1xh;*,*&amp;resize=1200:*&amp;output-format=jpeg&amp;output-quality=90, 
  yes, 
  it 's not the same shit , mate, 
  good point, 
  looks more like an s4, 
  this is actually in a remote corner behind my high school , there 's no traffic there . 
  lol, 
  yes , i was just taking notes during a course and the girl sitting next to me was staring at my bulge . 
  it was pretty awkward, 
  amazing photo !, 
  very cool man, 
  i do n't know , it just came as a big surprise to me, 
  thanks for reminding me about r/spacedicks, 
  exactly, 
  what is that thing ? 
  mexico should have been haunting them , not spain, 
  what ball is that , next to greenland ? 
  why did czechoslovakia leave ? 
  amazing, 
  unrelated but what does that br thing from the background stand for ? 
  somewhere in south america , right ? 
  iphone 5 and 5c users too . 
  i doubt anyone will want to rewrite the ios 10 jailbreak for 32 bit, 
  i love everything about this comic, 
  yes . 
  at least this place is fun , that place on the other hand is the true definition of depression,
