the last time i was on the metro in paris . 
  a guy got on a was playing [ la vie en rose ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kdi5hk-vmw ) it might have been for the tourists , 
  how about the captain in das boot ? 
  even i was rooting for him , 
  basil fawlty is my favourite uptight englishman . 
  least favourite is probably mr bean . 
  i went to look there but i did n't have a clue what was going on . 
  i come from london but now live on the isle of wight ( the island off the south coast of england ) we have lots of words in everyday use that have n't been used in english for centuries . 
  the most obvious are * somewhen * or * anywhen * . 
  * nammet * is a small snack . 
  wasps are called * jespers * and all children are called * nippers * ( although my postman calls me nipper ) as an example : i 'll see you somewhen ( sometime ), 
  not to demean / u/cptflowerhomo or anything but sometimes i feel it 's better for people to ask really stupid questions online because ( hopefully ) it will make that person better at dealing with a real-life situation . 
   or essentially ignoring dire humanitarian concerns in africa and the middle east . 
  maybe the answer is to start to fix the problems that make people want to leave . 
  it 's pointless taking skilled people from these areas because you just impoverish them more . 
  take a doctor out of africa and your giving one person/family a better life but adversely affecting thousands . 
  i quite like it . 
  i call myself that too ( of course , i will be an * immigrant * not an * expat * !!, 
  my spanish friend is married to an englishman and her son was brought up here . 
  she tells her family `` they might be guiris , but they 're * my * guiris '' i 've never thought of it as a derogatory term - except maybe in the playground . 
  guiris ? 
  source : guiri, 
   i 'll stick only to the not so extreme ones we only really care about the extreme ones, 
  i agree - i wonder if inselaffen.co.uk is available , 
  did you go to school in byker grove ? 
  a lamp is the whole fitting , complete with shade ( technically a lampshade ) the light bulb is the screw in / plug in glass thing that generates the light . 
  for the record , most british people just call it the light - whether it 's on or off . 
  as in : `` put the light on '' or `` your keys are on the table next to the light '', 
  they secretly long to be a colony again , 
  it the days before effective sewers in large cities , dead dogs and cats would get washed down the road by heavy rain storms . 
  hence , it 's raining cats and dogs, 
  all summer long it seems . 
  i think history will judge saudi arabia much more harshly than any western government . 
  and to be honest , i think history will judge us all for our gullibility and ( government level ) collusion . 
  we 're doing a lot better too . 
  45 lgbt mp 's - around 7 % of the total . 
  i assume the deleted comment was asking if he was gay ? 
  it 's interesting that you see no electoral advantage in lying . 
  we had a `` single '' prime minister in the 70 's and the press would make up stories of `` romances '' with fading hollywood stars to help cover up this `` dreadful secret '' . 
  of course many stories have emerged since he died ( some of then horrific ) it 's a measure of how far we 've progressed in some places . 
  although currently i 'm not sure either of them have a lot of power or influence . 
  for me , with no german , it was 100 times better in german than in english . 
  harry lime framed by the light in a doorway is one of my all-time favourite moments in cinema . 
  that little smile ... 
  should we hold our breath ? 
   but nobody can see the future in fairness , i think it 's easy to see a world not dominated by the norwegian language ( although i 'm sure you 're all lovely ! ), 
  i always thought skype was estonian, 
  which begs the question , why would you write a platforms only in norwegian ? 
  surely you 'd make it multi-lingual from the start just in case it takes off . 
  i suspect the next post will ask for a translation . 
  well ... we had an election . 
  it was a huge disaster but we 're probably a couple of weeks away from our right-wing , billionaire controlled , media declaring it a triumph for common sense , decency , and the future . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  mass extinction by homosexuality . 
  americans think everybody is australian, 
  or maybe he just invented `` us 2.0 '' and spends all his time there . 
  he probably uses us as a threat to those guys , like we 're hell, 
  it 's no good asking me . 
  if god is real , i 'm fucked no matter who he is . 
  that ca n't be right . 
  all those nordic noir things always have subtitles . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  in a couple of years they 'll be riding horses and using guns . 
   i 'm not knowledgeable enough to speak about it . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  i think god * should * appear and sort out the mess he 's created . 
  imagine if god went on tv and said `` you lot got it right , and you lot are completely wrong '' . 
  maybe we 'd all end up as sikhs . 
  i laughed but in fairness i do n't think we should inflict that on the apes . 
   to demonise anyone i think it would have been difficult not to . 
  my local tory leaflet had may 's name in big letters four times but conservative was relegated to a bottom corner . 
  the tories ran a campaign based around a personality but discovered their mainstay lacked any real charisma edit : well done on the degree . 
  what 's next ? 
   otherwise something as simple as going to the bakery might proof to be difficult . 
  this is where the english fall back on their second language - shouted english , 
  errrr ... 
  i 'm going to say yes . 
  st maarten is very nice . 
  definitely worth a visit , and very dutch, 
  i am her majesty 's chief inspector of british overseas territories , 
  i 've been to monserrat , british virgin islands , turks and caicos , gibraltar , jersey and guernsey ( the last two are slightly different i think ) my sister has been to south georgia , the falklands and british antarctica !, 
  edit : i meant to say , monserrat was lovely till the volcano destroyed it . 
  other caribbean islands ... meh , not so keen . 
  gibraltar was hideous and i think the spanish should be forced to take it back , 
  an unqualified opinion on the internet ? 
  whatever next ? 
  turkeys voting for christmas . 
  older people are losing out on pensions , heating allowances and the triple lock but they are still voting tory because ... oh i do n't know ... corbyn was in the ira or some such bollocks . 
  sadly i live in an area where , barring a miracle , we get a tory mp . 
  sadly not enough for a passport though  great granddad from mayo and granddad adopted somewhere between mayo and manchester but all the adoption records lost in a fire, 
   to learn a couple of words sl\u00e1inte ... errr that was it . 
  sorry ( although in fairness , i did say it * a lot * ), 
  we have had so many cuts to police numbers , but i still trust all three of them that are left . 
  `` we discovered we could train you to keep us warm and fed every day with no work required '', 
  just learn to shout `` stay '' in german . 
  worcester in the us ? 
  yeah , your entire country pronounces that wrong . 
  worcester in the uk ? 
  [ try this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmprt1m2sba ) ? 
  and you do know it 's not pronounced birmingham do n't you ?
