  that 's ridiculous . 
  english is really easy . 
  i know lots of 5 year old children who speak it fluently / s more seriously , most british people know nothing about language , grammar and tenses . 
  one of the difficulties of brits learning a second language is that we have no idea what the past participle means for example . 
  we might use `` i have had '' in everyday language but have no idea this is the present perfect tense . 
  we have to learn that about english while we learn another language . 
  language teaching in the uk is appalling . 
  it would be easy . 
  i only want them in my street , 
  they are * totally * magnificent ... but not close to my house , 
  i think this is where europe should take the lead . 
  for two reasons , firstly because the `` perfect '' solution for the uk may not work in austria . 
  we need a co-ordinated effort that just makes sense . 
  secondly , and probably more important , we need to plan for 50 years ahead and most political parties can only see as far as the next election . 
  just show americans a bottle of [ worcestershire sauce ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/lea_%26_perrins_worcestershire_sauce_150ml.jpg/220px-lea_%26_perrins_worcestershire_sauce_150ml.jpg ) . 
  pronounced like french - manche ... go ? 
   as opposed to one that 's rowed so ... a rowing boat , 
  i always thought swedes put those letters in , then pronounced them totally illogically , just to fuck with foreigners, 
   we are n't going anywhere , so let 's move on good , friendly solution  i would only add that living in madrid , or any huge city , may not be very representative . 
  i was born in london and lived there for 50 years . 
  london is totally * un * representative of the uk, 
  in the uk it takes years to agree anything . 
  if you want to build a high speed railway from one end of the country to the other , it will take 20 years of planning , discussion , public enquiries . 
  then we 'll have scientific studies into some rare flower or endangered frog . 
  by the time we 're ready to start building the railway ... everyone else will have flying jet cars . 
  oh , and tickets will be so expensive nobody will use it anyway . 
  i want speed bumps with speed detectors . 
  if you 're doing the speed limit , it 's a gentle reminder . 
  if you 've doing twice the limit , they raise up and it 's like hitting a wall . 
  i heard an interesting discussion on the radio about this . 
  it was a group of environmentalists , including the head of friends of the earth . 
  their conclusion was that wind turbines are a short term solution by governments who want to be seen * doing something * . 
  apart from anything else , what about the 300 tonnes of concrete in the base when the technology has moved on ? 
  for the uk the answer was wave and tidal power ( an island ! ), 
  but nuclear was a really surprising option for them too . 
  tidal power was the only thing considered to be `` core energy '' - guaranteed all the time . 
  i think wind turbines are a stupid solution and only benefit the companies building them . 
  europe needs a 50-100 year energy strategy ... but we wo n't get one . 
  this is probably true and i told the story on reddit recently of getting directions rudely in catalan at a petrol station in barcelona . 
  i wish we 'd met your dad for directions . 
   at least we 're not as picky as our french neighbours . 
  i have an example of the difference . 
  about 15 years ago i went into a shop in spain ( away from the tourists ! ), 
  to ask for directions - in spanish . 
  the woman realised my spanish was n't perfect so took me back outside and pointed in the right direction . 
  she said `` second right '' and grabbed my right arm and shook it . 
  `` third left '' same think with my left arm . 
  it was very friendly , happy and funny . 
  we parted smiling . 
  in st malo , france two years ago we stopped the car to ask for directions . 
  my partner speaks better french than me but the woman replied so quickly it sounded like one continuous word , and then she walked off . 
  we both understood `` up the hill '' at the start and `` it 's complicated '' at the end but nothing in the middle . 
  i look * up * to peasants , 
  i remember seeing the portuguese foreign minister ( i think ) interviewed on tv a few years ago . 
  he spoke perfect english and sounded so posh it was almost a caricature . 
  the queen would think he was too posh . 
  i thought the difference was that all french people are peasants except for parisians ... who are arrogant peasants , 
  when i lived in london one of the neighbours was west african and incredibly posh . 
  his kids were at private school and he used to get collected for work in the morning by a car with a * flag on the front * . 
  our 89 year old neighbours used to call them `` the darkies '', 
  and you have to put the vinegar on first , then the salt . 
  i had this at lunch . 
  although it was chips , not french fries . 
  ( and that 's chips , not crisps for any americans ), 
  nonsense . 
  i 've just had a bacon sandwich in the pub , with a little galvanised tin full of chips . 
  and i washed it down with a good old english pint of stella artois in the sunshine . 
  i 'm not sound enough to live in ireland . 
  i went to a wedding in cork once and it took me two years to recover, 
   unfortunately that appears to be lacking much like life itself really . 
  and the irish should extend citizenship a generation so my great-grandfather can qualify me for a passport , 
  we 'll all come to your house for a party . 
  no , everything is just happening inside his head ... and even that 's a bit hazy . 
  do n't worry them . 
  that slight burning smell is where god struck him dead with a bolt of lightning . 
  ( as we all know , god is english and drinks tea all day ), 
  it 's where [ hugo montenegro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd_7bnxblo4 ) comes from ... obviously, 
  you would have to ban * all * parades , because you passed equality laws , 
  according to wikipedia there are 86000 baptists in germany ( i may have that wrong because it 's all the same to me ) at a conservative estimate there will be 1.6 million gay people . 
  how would you feel if gay people wanted to ban your behaviour in public ? 
  what if they wanted to interfere in your life and , for example , stopped you hugging your children . 
  grow up . 
  it 's the 21st century, 
  i find it 's the speed of language that is so difficult . 
  most native speakers run sentences into one word that makes it really hard to follow . 
  i can speak spanish , like a 6 year old , but if you reply too quickly i 'm lost . 
  i once asked for directions in a barcelona petrol station . 
  the guy obviously decided my spanish was appalling so he replied in catalan . 
  i turned into jim carrey in dumb and dumber , while i worked out ... spanish , no . 
  french , no ... wtf i do n't have a clue what he 's saying . 
  then he walked off i picked up one word . 
  diagonal . 
  so it turned out ok, 
  careful now, 
  we could invade germany ... but we 'd probably lose on penalties , 
  my local fish and chip shop used to be fantastic , because it only sold fish and chips . 
  new owners sell pizzas , kebabs , burgers , pies and the most terrible fish and chips . 
  and was n't the current common agricultural policy mainly driven by the french ? 
   drunk as fuck in some town in the province where there are no cars when my dad was a child in 1930 's rural england , they had one car come through the village every two weeks . 
  one day it ran over his dog .
