  never trust cars !, 
  i 've often thought a good project would be to create a `` 2 beers please '' website listing every language of the world . 
   i 'm not 100 % confident at speaking english with respect , i know a great many english people who speak english worse than you, 
  i can speak english . 
  my spanish is as good as a 1980 's computer translator and my french is a lot worse . 
  the good news is that i can say `` two beers please '' in 18 languages, 
  if my partner is being a bit thick i 'll often say `` these are small cows ... '', 
  my mum could probably knock up a team at her day care centre, 
  billy the kid spoke gaelic, 
  i used to work with a guy in london who spoke urdu ( pakistani roots ) but had learned romanian because it was really easy for him . 
  it was a while ago so do n't shoot me if i 'm misremembering . 
  that 's fine if you have web access or want to plan in advance . 
  i mean something more like wandering . 
  i 'd like to see well marketed hotels/motels where i could just turn up and get a room at a decent price . 
  i 've done many touring holidays in the us where i had no accommodation booked . 
  easy , pick up a tourist booklet in denny 's , find a hotel voucher , turn up and pay $ 50 for a room . 
  great shower , comfortable bed , good price . 
  best price i ever paid was $ 19 less a 10 % discount because the person behind the desk was flirting with me . 
  that seems much harder in europe . 
  very hit and miss and much more expensive, 
  maybe it indicates that the whole thing is a huge april fools joke ? 
  he means all those dark-brown british people that live in your country but refuse to speak spanish . 
  would you trust the government to ring-fence the money and not hold the bbc to ransom every year ? 
  not me . 
  do n't ask for a source ( i 'm too lazy ) but i read a senior bbc bloke saying recently that in 10 years time there would be hardly any broadcast schedules and nearly all programming would be on-demand, 
  i think then it 's practice and maybe the online chat sites others mentioned would be good . 
  do n't be too hard on yourself though , everybody stops to think sometimes , even native speakers . 
  i do n't know but are n't a lot of language exchanges based on 50/50 between two languages ? 
  so each person gets practice . 
  it would depend then on his language and whether there was a match . 
  do you mean totally fluent or just spoken ? 
  do you want to speak good english or english like a british person ? 
  i have a spanish friend who speaks idiomatic english ( i.e she uses every day slang and expressions ) but she still has a strong accent after 20 year in england . 
  i know a woman who lived in paris for 20 years and who get by perfectly , but bizarrely she only speaks french in the present tense . 
  looking at your posting history your english is excellent ( better than some british people ! ), 
  but maybe you mean spoken not written . 
  immersion is the answer but you may not be able to spend a 3-6 month period in britain . 
  so there was no threat ? 
  i thought nato was a response to the soviet unio and the eastern bloc ? 
  but , if we 're scared of you and you 're scared of us ; we can blow up the whole world and you can blow up the whole world , where does it all end ? 
  i 'm 63 but i was there at the birth of the internet !!, 
  i pre-date the web with telnet and ftp and there was a day when i visited every single site on the web . 
  there were 16 !, 
  my father in law is 87 - now * that 's * impressive . 
  the british are pathologically unable to learn other languages . 
  it 's ingrained into our national psyche . 
  it 's almost un-british to be able to speak another language . 
  i think this is a throwback to days of empire but it is changing . 
  learning a language is hard , especially when you get older , so living in a bubble makes some sense . 
  personally i do n't like the word expat for the people in spain . 
  i will be an immigrant - an expat is someone who intends to return `` home '' one day . 
  you can imagine how that goes with some brits in spain . 
  traditionally spain was the first `` foreign '' country the british went on holiday . 
  for example , i went to lloret de mar in 1965 when it was tiny by comparison . 
  spain was the first country to market itself to the british with `` tea like mother makes '' and `` english breakfast '' . 
  so the influx if brits was good for spain economically and made the brits feel comfortable . 
  add to that , spain 's incredible tolerance of the large number of british immigrants and you 're halfway there . 
  then people began to realise they could buy a house in spain relatively cheaply , live more cheaply than the uk and the sun shined * a lot * more . 
  the eu made migration a lot easier and protected pensions . 
  cheap air fares make it easier to visit relatives at home too . 
  i think it 's been good for both sides but it is incredibly sad that some brits are totally cocooned from spanish life and live in british ghettoes . 
  i 'd be fascinated to hear whether russi ** ans ** feel threatened by the west . 
  did the ukrainian move towards nato and the eu make russians feel uneasy ? 
  i always felt like the eu was baiting the bear needlessly in its thirst for expansion, 
  and the huge numbers of british refugees . 
   how am i supposed to watch game of thrones for me , this is the core of the problem . 
  big companies have not reacted well enough to new technology . 
  let 's be honest , they 've had 25 years to get used to the internet but , if they had their way , we 'd all be buying 25 $ cd 's and dvd 's . 
  there is a problem with piracy because nobody makes any money . 
  without money they will rely on advertising and you get ... american tv !, 
  i like to watch an american comedy show . 
  it 's shown in the uk nearly a year after the us but i do n't want to wait . 
  therefore i could download an hd copy * with no advertising * and watch it the day after it is shown in the us . 
  that means , the us company makes no advertising money and neither does the uk company . 
  if enough people did this , the program would fail . 
  the production companies need to respond better to technology and public demand instead of trying to keep us in the 80 's . 
  change your last name to sane and tell people you are aladdin sane, 
  also known as `` fuck , the fucking fucker 's fucked, 
  both are correct . 
  it 's either a question about will ( your version ) or a statement of will 's intent . 
  ( he * will * write a will ), 
  i live on an island off the south coast of england . 
  it 's certainly roman and has neolithic port near me . 
  interestedly it was also the last place in the uk to convert to christianity, 
  i 'd ditch disneyland and marseilles . 
  south west france has lots of castle . 
  try carcassonne , which is very disney-fied anyway but real . 
  from where you are ( if you 're ditching disney ) i 'd make a slight detour to venice . 
  do n't stay on the island . 
  stay on the mainland and get the bus in everyday . 
  walk everywhere . 
  go to st marks and the rialto but get off that tourist route as soon as possible . 
  it 's like a river of tourist-refugees but 200 metres away is a real city . 
  you can get lunch for the same price as a coffee in st marks square , 
  i ca n't risk it . 
  mel gibson might be there, 
  maybe it 'll see the rise of the celtic nation . 
  somehow , it lacked tension . 
  in fairness though i saw it in german first . 
  which is the other ?
