  it 's worth watching `` yes , minister '' for a look at how the civil service really controls the government . 
  although it 's a british comedy it 's really sharp and i 'm sure it applies to most countries and the eu . 
  following on from other replies - das boot was incredible in german ( with subtitles for me ) but awful dubbed into english . 
  years ago , in brixton where i was born , there was a department store called bon march\u00e9 that was part of john lewis . 
  it was anything but cheap - quite posh in fact . 
  ( ps - being south london it was always known as bon marsh . 
  no french nonsense for us  ), 
  and that 's how we all live . 
  i 'm sorry , i misunderstood . 
  i thought you were saying sweden did n't have these things in 1917 but slovenia did . 
   had lax homosexual laws , welfare state and '' feminist '' goverment in 1917 is that slovenia ? 
  hmmm til . 
  i went to a lidl in spain and it could have been 3d printed from their shop on the isle of wight, 
  in spain my local supermarkets are carrefour , eroski , mas y mas , mercadona and consum . 
  plus lidl and aldi . 
  i 'd be interested to hear how spanish people rate them in terms of quality and value for money, 
  i 've heard bielefeld in germany is beautiful . 
  i 've said this on reddit before but , my dad was 21 in 1939 and had a pretty rough war . 
  he was a prisoner for 3.5 years , forced marches , starvation and disease . 
  he spent a lot of time with the greek resistance . 
  in the 1980 's he refused to buy an audi because it was german  that said , he never passed on his dislike of germans to his kids and he was in favour of a united europe . 
  i think he would have disliked what europe has become , so would have wanted reform , but he was very wary of the rise of the extreme right ... or the extreme left for that matter . 
  as he got older he became casually racist and would have disapproved of the movement of a million syrians to germany , but he was a very compassionate man and would have wanted to help them in the region rather than moving them to an alien environment . 
   under 16 or over 70 years old , over 60 i think . 
  until i need a prescription then it will go up . 
  i used to work with a german guy who had initials before his name . 
  i think it was like a doctorate in engineering of similar . 
  he would get very pissed off if you did n't use his title . 
  otoh if i worked for a doctorate i 'd probably get it tattooed on my forehead , 
  i used to work in central london and a guy in the office next door had one . 
  i considered it to be a complete nightmare and totally impossible virtually anywhere in the uk , 
  do you have a more rational point or are you just offensive ? 
  i 've got friends who have passed the uk `` citizenship test '' but i guarantee the vast majority of the natives could n't pass, 
  i have a house in spain and a `` retirement plan '' , which is currently in limbo . 
  my view is that i will be a ( very minor ) asset to spain in that i 'll be paying taxes and employing builders , plumbers etc and some sort of resident permit will be possible . 
  spain is probably a special case because there are so many brits living there that it would n't suit either government to upset the status-quo . 
  maybe i 'll get it before 2019 and have acquired rights . 
  it will be interesting to see if the eu passport for brits gets off the ground . 
   your government has got a shit strategy welcome to britain , 
  for all the british people know it could be part of our governments strategy . 
  otoh we could ask for the map to be redrawn a few hundred years and we get parts of france too as long as the eu issues me with an eu passport , i 'll be happy . 
  i was in a pub in london in the early 80 's and a very large man collecting donations told me the exact opposite, 
  too scared . 
  i 've seen * that * film . 
  maybe britain will get it as part of the brexit negotiations . 
  how dark is your skin ? 
  i 've got an english friend ( with italian parents ) who has an olive complexion but was once called a `` fucking paki '' ( pakistani ) on a train . 
  again the no . 
  obviously, 
  i have just raised an eyebrow and tutted quietly in case, 
  i used to go to school in london in the 60 's and we had a teacher who was very attracted to 14 year old boys ( long story how i know but he did n't fancy me ! ), 
  he was a regular visitor at parties hosted by friends who lived in dolphin square . 
  ( for non-brits : dolphin square is a very upmarket block of flats in central london linked to paedophile groups including very senior politicians . 
  nothing has ever been proved though ), 
  i want an [ isle of wight ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41nhmjfnlpl._sx300_.jpg ) flag !!, 
  my plan is to declare independence . 
  then declare war on the uk , fire a 300 year old cannon , immediately surrender , and claim foreign aid from the uk, 
  when hacking fails ... ask reddit, 
   rome can be an oven rome can be anything it likes as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i think it 's a wonderful city . 
  also , i went to venice in may and the tourists !!, 
  i dread to think what it must be like in high summer . 
  what was interesting though is that you could walk 100m off the tourist trail and it was a totally different city . 
  anything from st marks to the rialto is like being on a refugee march . 
  apart from the uk i 've spent most time in spain . 
  when i was about 19 i drifted around for about 4 months , then holidays but tending to stay away from the big tourist areas . 
  now we own a house there and we 're increasing time in spain and decreasing time in the uk ( yay ! ), 
  i once went to sweden for the day . 
  it was summer and the office building was deserted except for me and the guy who 'd driven back to the city specifically to meet me . 
  on the way back to the airport the taxi driver talked all the way about killing things and stocking his freezer for the winter . 
  i thought he was a serial killer but i think he meant reindeer . 
  i keep meaning to come back for a longer visit . 
  what 's interesting about accents in the uk is that they have really been diluted in the past 50 years . 
  tv , i suspect . 
  when i was a kid ( 50 years ago ! ), 
  we 'd go and visit my dad 's family in yorkshire and it was like a foreign language ( i 'm from south london ) . 
  cross the pennines to my mum 's family and it was yet another language . 
  in manchester the kids thought i must be from australia because i `` talked funny '' . 
  is your dad danish ? 
  i think all bi-lingual parents should pass it on . 
  my cousin is married to a swede . 
  they were n't going to bother with swedish for their kids until they realised they would n't be able to speak to their grandparents . 
  i 'm english and i think we have a law against speaking other languages . 
  more seriously i speak english most of the time . 
  i speak terrible spanish that improves when i 'm there and will probably be passable if i moved there full time . 
  my `` schoolboy french '' would probably make a french schoolboy laugh . 
  language teaching in the uk is truly terrible . 
  giant companies that can move factories in days so they earn an extra 1 % profit might be good for companies but it 's bad for people . 
  we need government that is prepared to stand up to that nonsense . 
  and let 's have giant companies paying realistic tax too . 
  if companies want the benefit of our societies ( security , copyright protection , stable economies ) then they need to contribute . 
  i 've gone past caring . 
  as long as they introduce eu passports for us , i 'll be happy . 
  and hard boiled eggs !, 
  i could n't find that town on the map . 
  are you sure you spelt it right ? 
  dutch breakfasts are peculiar, 
  i thought `` traditional '' for an italian is whatever his mother cooks , 
  what is true is that there are nice people and not so nice people . 
  i 've worked most european nationalities and know some really great people .
