  there are not enough , but there should . 
  it 's way too hard right now to take paternity leave , too many women end up in part time because of various different problematic setups with how the system works right now . 
  there are countries who are doing a much better job at supporting fathers in taking care of children . 
   and how in the blue hell is this wrong ? 
  because 15 % of the country are foreigners and we depend on those . 
  do n't forget that a tiny , tiny minority of people living in austria are refugees and a huge number are qualified immigrants . 
  foreigners pay more into the social services than austrians and take out less by quite a margin . 
  if we piss qualified foreigners off they will just return to where they came from and we 're left with a broken system . 
   vienna is a beautiful shithole mate . 
  what exactly makes vienna a `` shithole '' ? 
  ( besides , i 'm not your mate ) . 
  vienna might have problems in various different areas but those problems can not be solved by just preventing all people from getting into the country . 
  this requires a much more nuanced approach . 
   the cultural issues you have with migrants ( and you definitely do ) we have cultural issues with some migrants , not with all . 
  and those problems can be solved but the solution is not to throw all immigrants into the same pot as certain politicians do . 
   stance on women too ? 
  what stance ? 
  hofer prefers a traditional family view where the mother stays at home and takes care of children . 
  he 's against attempts to modernize austrian families which is very frustrating . 
   abortion ? 
  he wants to get women to undergo a mandatory cool-off period before being able to initiate an abortion . 
   citizens vs residents ( as if residents should be given equal rights ? 
  why ? ) . 
  why are you mentioning equal rights ? 
  that was not mentioned at all . 
  he wants to take away social services for foreigners unless they have worked in the country for 2.5 years . 
   those are minor compared to shitting your society more than it already is . 
  who exactly `` shits on austria 's society '' ? 
  last time i was checking our problems are home grown ( lack of reforms ) and fpoe has no answer for that any more than any other party . 
   you are voting for vdb , yes ? 
  i did not really have a choice since there was only vdb and hofer . 
   if so , what of hofer 's policies is worse than the permanent changing of your arguably already lesser country ? 
  neither hofer nor vdb will make the country more or less safe . 
  if you are referring to the refugee situation the president is irrelevant for it . 
  we already have a policy in place for dealing with it and it was not created by hofer or fpoe . 
  i ca n't say what will happen as a result from it ( because i am not a huge supporter of it ) but we can only roll with it now and see . 
  i already mentioned the policies of hofer i can not support ( stance on homosexuality , women , stanze on citizens vs residents , stand on abortion , etc. 
  ) , let alone the international response of electing him . 
   i would question your value to the country if you are anti-nationalist and supportive of the migration of people of opposing cultures into austria , thereby eventually giving them access to full equal rights and thus giving them the opportunity of changing austria 's culture , government structure , and economy . 
  note that at no point did i mention anything about `` migration of people of opposing cultures into austria '' but you assumed that this would be something that i stand for . 
  i really recommend you to see the world less black and white . 
   having austrian heritage and being of the cultural continuity of previous austrian culture ( s ) . 
  pretty simple . 
  * austrian heritage : check . 
  * cultural continuity of previous austrian culture ( s ) : i have no idea what that would be and if i qualify for it or not . 
  austrian culture is very diverse and due to changing borders it 's not even clear what that means . 
  i consider myself an austrian and a valuable citizen for the country . 
  it could be that it 's people that voted immediately when they picked up the ballots which is possible . 
  but since there is no info on this available i will just wait and see . 
   you said expat , no ? 
  i was an expat . 
  but not in austria . 
   and when i say austrian , i do n't mean citizenship - i mean the identity . 
  what 's an austrian identity and why do i lack it ? 
   lol ok , so you 're not austrian yet you vote for parties that are not pro-austrian . 
  ignoring the fact that non austrian citizens can not vote , i 'm not even an immigrant . 
  i was born and raised in austria . 
   you 're kind of the reason why immigration of too many people is a very bad thing . 
  i 'm surprised you seem to be able to make assumptions about me as a person out of the comments in this thread . 
  that 's quite interesting because clearly you have no idea about who i am as a person . 
  well . 
  it says 544.205 votes cast which would be significantly lower than the 800.000 mentioned . 
  at 85 % return rate which was in round 1 it would have to be 650.000 . 
  the election manager said that 740.000 ballots arrived and the can not be counted before monday because of anonymity reasons by law : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03t4pgqenrg, 
   yes it does . 
  i can read but since the numbers on the page would indicate that 40 % of votes are not cast and because it 's not linked i assume that data is not final or correct . 
  hmm . 
  i did not look in detail yet . 
  it would appear those are different numbers but i have no idea what they are . 
  it does not say counting status . 
   well it seems with you that , with vdb you pick the rights of foreigners and tiny minorities , with hofer you pick the well-being of austrian , the majority . 
  my friends are largely foreigner , my company depends on good international relationships and clear laws , i 'm married to a non citizen , i was an expat until recently , i have a child and i want him to grow up in a country that is welcoming and not a national state . 
  many of the policies of hofer would directly have negative impacts on my personal life . 
  so why exactly should i vote for him ? 
   it seems like a large chunk of absentee ballots has been counted alread - http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/1605-bw_ov_0.html you ca n't find this site through their main website ( only if you have link ) , so i 'm not sure if this info was supposed to be released . 
  that is incorrect . 
  that website is the results without ballots casted by mail which is why it favors hofer . 
  we wo n't see those votes until tomorrow . 
  / / edit : the url in question contains dummy data . 
  it was last modified a few days ago . 
  https://twitter.com/fuxmux/status/734465584440692737 / / edit2 : official statement : it 's old test data that should not have been seen and was unlinked . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  he will do whatever is needed to get votes . 
  that includes conspiracy theorist . 
  other parties are too fine to reach out to them . 
  currently a single country can veto something like ttip . 
  with that change that would become impossible . 
  it would strengthen the ability of the eu to make decisions quicker . 
  as far as i can tell that 's just the text from the motion . 
  for what it 's worth there is an interview with him where he denies the existence of chemtrails . 
  i would believe him in that matter given the fact that he worked as a technician for airlines . 
   in his own name without referring to anyone else . 
  does n't matter if voices in his head or his best friend told him to write + send that stuff , in the end he did it out of free will all by himself . 
  well , that 's how these information disclosures work in the government . 
  move more power to the european union , generally positive views on ttip and similar pacts , introducing proportional votes on economic topics and a very positive view on any type of immigration . 
  he traditionally has some very liberal views which does not work with everybody . 
   anfrage des abgeordneten hofer und weiterer abgeordneter an den bundesminister f\u00fcr landesverteidigung und sport betreffend wettermanipulation durch chemikalien that 's exactly what i wrote above :  actually he does not . 
  be moved forward a motion of disclosure on popular request . 
  ( be should be he ; i misspellt ) . 
  basically he brought in a motion .
