  it definitely became harder though , especially because of how the system generally works . 
  it used to be the case that you declared that you are a hunter and then you got pretty much a permit for all things . 
  now you no longer get a pistol permit apparently . 
   i have n't heard about a way for civilians to get a permit for fully automatic weapons , could you please elaborate on that ? 
  thanks !, 
  i have not heard about anyone getting one , but that 's because i know nobody who would have a legitimate reason to own an assault rifle . 
  ( this area is where people hunt if they want to use rifles ), 
   well , you 're fucked , glad i 'm out ... what i learned is that no matter where you go , the stories are the same just in slightly different colors . 
  so this looks bizarre given recent news , but the tax breaks for electric vehicles will have to disappear sooner or later . 
  they were a good incentive when few people bought those cars , but now that it 's getting more and more popular the governments need to adjust that as otherwise the budgets will no longer work out . 
  we 're entering full election mode right now . 
  mitterlehner pretty much just declared that he does not like the way governing currently takes place and he would favour ending the coalition . 
  if that happens , it 's a black and blue coalition . 
  when have we ever done something ourselves ? 
  obviously this is a request for others to build borders , 
  it 's impossible to tell from this small excerpt but from similar statements before such fences would be at schengen borders . 
  oevp politicians just recently supported the general border protection that hungary does at schengen borders . 
   hidden carry is allowed automatically and it is common it 's the same in austria . 
  if you have a `` waffenpass '' then you can carry it in whatever form you like . 
  ( but you can not get permits for fully automatic weapons [ not entirely true , you can get permits , but it 's a very involved process ] ), 
  same in austria . 
  i had to pay for lunches and cleaning . 
  rest was on the social system . 
  it might be a combination of multiple things . 
  i think a bigger factor is that someone started to calculate the costs and that started to circulate . 
  it 's an order of magnitude higher than what has been mentioned previously . 
  source is in german but google translate works quite well . 
  this is a few days after our interior minister said that if nothing changes `` use of force at border '' will become necessary . 
  the oevp is one of the two parties in the coalition and provides both the foreign and interior mister . 
  quite a far move from `` refugrees welcome '' . 
  it should be mentioned that the person in question here is of a local spin-off of the party ( the viennese faction ) . 
  nothing beats [ moneyboy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcfm-vwuqrk ) : = /, 
  a ) less content on netflix , b ) the video on german netflix is the german feed . 
  especially terrible when you watch sherlock . 
  thank fucking god . 
  now please also extend this to providing movies on amazon prime in original language . 
  that 's how this works . 
  you register thr moss in the uk , say where you made the revenue and they send the money to the appropriate countries . 
   is n't it well known that eu consumption figures are a joke ? 
  you can actually hit manufacturer numbers on pretty much all cars . 
  however nobody drives like that . 
  i would say there are quite a few legal immigrants who are legitimate angry about the nonchalant asylum situation given all the provisions and complications they have to go through . 
   it 'll likely depend on how the system works in various countries , but in the uk at least , if you are a very small company ( low turnover - think microbusiness , home business or startup . . ) you would n't register for vat until you hit a certain amount of turnover . 
  in austria people voluntarily register for vat so that they can claim it back from the state for purchases they make . 
  the exception are one man service companies like translators . 
  also charging vat simplifies cross border business because you can reverse charge . 
  if you are not a vat charging service company the remote site will want proof for that from you to not become complicit in vat fraud . 
  however if you are an internet company none of this matters because you most likely do not handle the sales yourself . 
  first of all all of this is for purely digital products only that want to be sold cross border but intra union . 
  in that case you always sell your stuff through a marketplace ( play store , app store , amazon , steam , etc. ), 
  which handles the vat for you anyways . 
  not doing that is a terrible idea for fraud reasons alone . 
  you do not want to be the idiot who runs an online store that carders use for verification purposes . 
   now on the eu side , a small firm that wanted to sell things like ebooks , or web hosting , digital design services , apps whatever , would have to register for vat in every country that they sell their goods as well as for the vat moss stuff in the uk ... that 's 100 % incorrect . 
  you only register for vat moss and you do not register in any other country . 
  that 's the whole point of this legislation that you no longer have to register in each country . 
  it annoys me how many people get this wrong because this law effectively simplified vat handling for people that already dealt with vat . 
  before that law you did indeed have to register in multiple countries for vat if you consider local law and you made over a certain amount of revenue there . 
  i actually do not get the huge outcry over this issue . 
  the only real complication for this was companies that do not charge vat to begin with , but why do they not ? 
  / / edit : the original comment was this : `` good . . 
  this really is something that needs to be reviewed , there needs to be a threshold in place and the whole thing needs to be simplified , it 's a barrier to inter-eu digital sales and harms small innovative businesses . '', 
  you would be surprised how many foreigners do not like the ongoing immigration . 
  the party calls itself right from center . 
  the original headline i had on the other submission used that term . 
   even me as a complete outsider interprets ` first time after 70 years ' as in the 70y modern austria has existed . 
  what is actually implied is that for the first time in 70 years at that election , the spoe has a chance of not setting the major . 
  after the war only the three day major was not from the spoe and he ( as the name says ) was only the interim major for three days . 
  after that the social democrats set the major for 70 years straight . 
  private infrastructure only makes sense if you have a choice . 
  like internet connectivity ( ideally ) . 
  but you will never have the choice of two rail operators or highways for the same route . 
  so not sure how anyone expect this to be more efficient than public infrastructure which can be subsidized without having to make a profit . 
  you should not . 
   i still do n't understand why people need to shop on sundays . 
  why would people not need to shop on sundays ? 
   think of a family with 2 kids , the kids are off school sat + sun which is literally the only time where they can spend quality time together , but now their parents have to work sat + sun but those are not the people that work on sundays anyways usually . 
  the people that man a store on sundays are students of people without children . 
  but look at it differently : my wife and me sometimes work intentionally on sundays so we can go with our child to an activity during the week because there is just so many people going to activities on saturdays and sunday . 
  was it changed again ? 
  in austria stores close at 7:30 . 
  great fun . 
  that 's quite a wall of text . 
  what exactly is the problem with him in one paragraph ? 
  12.5 % is not 1 %, 
   kudos to ireland for having a saner taxation policy than most countries . 
  it 's not really a taxation policy in ireland or i would incorporate there . 
  however it works , it 's not available for your average business . 
  well , google maps proposes the boat . 
  buses would not work but you could use a boat . 
  [ this is the route ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/dir/st.+gallen-altenrhein/friedrichshafen,+germany/@47.5480823,9.2900627,10z/data=!4m14!4m13!1m5!1m1!1s0x479b1a81aa585081:0xce3249124c6789ea!2m2!1d9.5600178!2d47.4858737!1m5!1m1!1s0x479b005e3a13cdd3:0x41f6bb7a5df8420!2m2!1d9.4800113!2d47.6617648!5i1 ), 
  do n't worry . 
  economy is fixed now . 
  did you not year the news . 
  that makes no sense . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   yeah , they ca n't force canada to change their laws , they can just make canada pay lots of money for not changing them or for changing them in a way that investors do n't want . 
  only if they are being discriminated . 
  pardon my french but : `` fuck dubbing '' . 
   the basic understanding of how it works has some issues .
