  the nhs is also underfunded , 
  then that is a different thing . 
  maybe she had insurance that covers it . 
  for most people those tests set them back about 1000 eur which is why they are typically not done if the nt test was not showing anything . 
   where they test her blood for $ stuff to deduce a defect-chance . 
  that 's typically what you do if you got bad values back from the nt test assuming you mean prenatest and stuff like that . 
  nt is the common name for the [ nuchal scan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuchal_scan ) ( it measures nuchal translucency ) . 
  the idea is that at a certain time during the pregnancy you can measure the a part of the neck which is easy to see with ultrasound . 
  there has been a high correlation of elevated transluency with birth defects which is why it 's done . 
  however the way it works is that you have a curve which is primarily based on the maternity age and then you overlay it with the measured translucency . 
  based on both curves you arrive at a one in n chance of giving birth to a child with down syndrome . 
  ( lower chance for other birth defects ) . 
  in addition they also measure some other indicators which might lower that value more . 
  effectiveness vs maternity age : http://www.fetal.com/nt%20screening/images/dete-rate-ds-nt-spencer.gif, 
  sure , by disregarding all countries that by different definitions you just made up because it would not match the result you want to see you can get almost any result . 
  please do not go into science . 
   with other countries of similair economic background and which countries would that be ? 
  surely not belarus and georgia . 
   for 30-year-olds though ? 
  i assume it 's because of how the nt test works . 
  you start with a chance of giving birth to a down syndrome child . 
  that is 1 in 950 for someone age 30 which is already 50 % more likely than someone age 25 . 
  with increased nt that number heavily reduces . 
  at slightly elevated levels you are down to 1 in 100 and lower . 
  if they had a better test then probably they would do it differently . 
  there are dna based methods now which show great results . 
  maybe that will change the testing practice a bit but i doubt that they will test women later . 
  if anything that will go down even further if the cost of those tests decreases . 
   that is if you use the 1.7 birth rate . 
  realistically one you should compare russia not with europe but its neighbouring country and when doing that russia by far has one of the worst birth rate . 
  jesus you 're persistent . 
  * kazakhstan , mongolia : significantly higher * azerbaijan : higher * norway , finland , belarus , georgia : about the same * estonia , lithuania , ukraine , china : lower * latvia , poland : significantly lower so there are only three countries with higher birth rates than russia . 
  how much further do you want to drag this ? 
  the average birth rate in europe is ~ 1.6 which puts russia above average . 
  the world birth rate is so irrelevant as we 're discussing europe here . 
  the highest fertility rate in europe is currently france with slightly above 2 . 
  if you place russia on this graph it would rate six highest in europe : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/77/fertility_indicators%2c_2014_%28%c2%b9%29_yb16.png, 
  russia had a fertility rate of below 1.2 in 2000 . 
  i just looked at wikipedia and in 2015 it was at 1.79 and it keeps climbing . 
  by no metric at all has russia `` one of the lowest birth rates in the world '' . 
  the meme `` russia is dying '' is long over . 
   country doing mandatory prenatal screening for 30-year-olds it 's not mandatory because the insurances do n't even pay for those . 
  however doctors will heavily suggest doing it because of the risk associated . 
  also insurance companies would like you undergo it though they do n't pay for it usually ( unless you are privately insured in addition ) . 
  nt is not paid by state insurance at all . 
  they will still make you do it and you pay for it yourself : source : have friends in germany with children . 
  what does ? 
  brits working in europe ? 
  there is no way they will continue to enjoy freedom of movement if cancelled from one side which the british intention is . 
  not sure what is `` bilateral '' about this . 
  what do you mean with bilateral ? 
  the rules for remaining in a country already exist and you will just get permits kf you are already in one . 
  if you want to move to another one however you will need to do it like any non eu citizen does : apply for permits and visas . 
  wtf are you on . 
  thy are at 1.59 which is one of the highest in europe . 
  they are offered but they do n't make you take them . 
  in austria , germany and sweden at least they will * strongly * persuade you in making the tests . 
  the insurances prefer it that way for good reason . 
  how so ? 
  seems to work . 
  that 's bollocks . 
  starting with 30 you undergo extra tests ( nt and potentially invasive follow up tests ) because of the high risk of birth defects . 
  that 's not a source . 
  he also sings german `` schlagermusik '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1fatesrkas, 
  i 'm shocked austria does not score worse here . 
  going by some people here we 're single-handedly responsible for corruption in romania these days :p, 
  neither will european countries have a problem with this . 
  this is just a way to put pressure on the states . 
  sure , but that 's independent of `` with the us the uk is unlikely to have any problems '' . 
  how so ? 
  i mean the number of americans overstaying their visas is immense and the rejection rates between americans in the uk and british in the states is significantly higher than many other nationalities . 
  for instance british citizens in the states are twice as likely to be refused a visa than russians as an example . 
  i assume we have different opinions on welcoming but i wish you good luck with your way forward . 
   yes , once the uk leaves the eu we will focus more on having the people we actually want in the country to come in , which i consider to be an improvement . 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  it did not happen now and i doubt it will change going forward . 
   the uk 's immigration policy should be for the uk , not for the people that want to live there . 
  you pretty much personify why i do not want to stay in the uk . 
  it 's not about being a welcoming place for people , it 's about being a slave to the country . 
   really ? 
  it does not stop hundreds of thousands of people coming to the uk . 
  never said it would . 
  but it stops people you want to have , not people that go to the uk because their life at home is worse . 
  the main immigration to the uk is indians , pakistani , and eu citizens . 
  the immigration statistic for indians and pakistani is not particularly impressive given how many of them come on family reunification or asylum . 
  eu immigration is even easier as you pointed out . 
  it would be interesting how many of the people you personally actually want in the country actually are in the country . 
   that is not a problem for us . 
  the uk actually gets a lot of tourists and people on short-term business trips . 
  it is a problem for the people who want to live there . 
  obviously it 's not a problem for the uk . 
   it does not stop hundreds of thousands of people moving to the uk every year . 
  again , it deters the people you apparently want to have . 
  i consider myself and my wife belonging into that category but we deliberately decided to settle elsewhere . 
   i disagree . 
  there are many many poorly paid people working in the uk who have been here for years and will never go back . 
  they are there on regulation that permits them to do that ( asylum seekers , eu citizens etc. ), 
   this is consensual . 
  i assume you do no have children ? 
  as much as you want to do something with a young baby as a man , very often you just ca n't .
