  note that the problem that finland , austria and some other countries are encountering is not that the eu caps the interchange fees but that it does not cap it low enough . 
  for austria , finland and many other countries lower interchange fees would be preferable now that roaming is free . 
   with an unlimited connection , and a 10 $ per gb any single user with finnish contract can socialize a 10 000 $ bill to be paid by finnish customers in a single month just by streaming a video feed . 
  how is that not going to destroy unlimited data ? 
  because the sim will still need to be used predominantly within finland . 
  secondarily you can bet your ass off that carries in countries with high data volume will not charge each other such high fees because they are already charging each other less . 
  in particular a drei phone roaming in the uk on the three network charges a fraction of that one euro per megabyte . 
   you know , a lot of people use a 4g connection here for their only internet access , specially in rural areas where the alternative is to pay anywhere from 1 000 $ to 100 000 $ or more for a cable to be put in place . 
  and as you mentioned they use it in their own network in non roaming mode . 
  nothing will change . 
  in particular in austria those sims are even explicitly disabled from roaming which is valid under the eu regulations . 
   now where company branches in country pretebd they have no relations with each other . 
  that would be removed and pricing set up on local level with zero charges on networks owned be the subsidiaries . 
  in practice you run at a few issues here very quickly : * who owns the frequencies ? 
  * who builds the network infrastructure * who and what finances the infrastructure right now the operators are also building the infrastructure . 
  this is also already from a financial pov calculated for 15-20 years into the future . 
  changing this would be a major undertaking . 
  also completely ignores that building infrastructure in different countries costs differently . 
  for instance it 's a lot more expensive to build infrastructure in austria and switzerland compared to for instance the united kingdom . 
  because your sim card will be blocked . 
  the new regulations do not permit the user of a sim card for extended periods of time outside of your country . 
   americans pay far more for same services than i pay . 
  they are the ones with the disadvantage . 
  americans pay the same shitty rate everywhere in the us however . 
  likewise russians no longer pay for roaming outside of their oblast etc. 
  with an us sim i can call an uber in new york and san francisco alike . 
  that 's what meant with that . 
  the reason sims are expensive in the us is largely based on historic mistakes ( like building networks with two competing technologies ) . 
   no the point of the roaming legislation was to let people use their smartphones outside of their home country . 
  as it is right now 99 % of the users turn off roaming when traveling outside their home country because the price is insane !, 
  and why is it so expensive ? 
  because carriers charge each other way above the proposed euro pet megabyte . 
  if it was lower we would not need regulation . 
  do n't forget that this is a cap !, 
  carriers are free to charge less . 
  and how will that work in practice ? 
  while that might be true , the path to roaming free is not easy . 
  i have not heard from anyone here yet what they should do instead . 
  very , very unlikely . 
  june 2017 is the day where cheap mobile data might cease to be a reality for danish consumers . 
  until this day the operators can limit the data or charge extra for non local use . 
  there are plenty of other options available . 
  in austria for instance roaming is disabled for unlimited data sims . 
   denmark , austria , belgium , estonia , finland , ireland , lithuania , slovenia and sweden are all countries opposing this legislation . 
  obviously . 
  but i can tell you that if austria for instance would get its way then roaming would never be free which would be a massive disadvantage for future services in the european union compared to the american , russian or chinese market . 
  there are more important issues here than just cheap phone bills . 
  correct . 
  same in many other european countries and that also makes data usage go up greatly . 
  i do n't think this will change as a result of this . 
  i am very actively looking at the austrian market and it 's already very obvious where the path is going the next two years . 
  not worried , 
   romania 's internet market is also an example of very good outcomes ( high speeds , low prices ) with very little regulation . 
  but that 's also because mounting cables on poles and digging cables is something that requires very little regulation other than maybe safety and how beautiful it looks . 
  on the other hand frequencies are limited and a free for all does not work . 
  ancom in romania is not really considered a competent regulator and the fact that romania has one of the lowest data usage ( even below germany ) backs this up . 
   we used to have a lot of cables dangling around in stupid ways but so what ? 
  that 's fine , but that 's not the issue here , 
   allowing companies to keep overcharging customers does not in any way imply those companies will improve grid services . 
  the roaming regulations have very little to do with the local markets . 
  you can not use foreign sim cards in your own country as a replacement for your own services . 
  that 's also good because that would completely break everything . 
  do n't forget that foreign operators only pay for the data , not for the investment into foreign infrastructure . 
   a high roaming charge is more likely to result in higher prices for the neighboring countries than better services in the less developed areas . 
  that 's absolutely not true at all . 
  high roaming charges happened because there is a missing market force . 
  as a user i can not pick the cheapest roaming . 
  a foreign carrier charges whatever to my own carrier and that one charges me a premium . 
  it 's a non functioning market . 
  the eu tried first to bring alternative roaming providers into the picture and while countries implemented the provision , not a single alternative roaming provider appeared . 
  why ? 
  because the `` interconnect '' fees or what you want to call it are too high . 
  so the eu is now forcing those prices down . 
  the 10eur/gb are * lower * than what the current prices are . 
  it might be news for you but this has been known to carriers for a very long time . 
  austria for instance has data sims with unlimited data and they have been neutered from roaming for the last two or three years already in anticipation of this . 
  the end of roaming is a necessity and the only way to achieve it is a bit of temporary pain . 
  not much will change for customers because carriers already planned for this . 
  the main countries that will notice a change is germany and others where the carriers will hopefully finally get the message and increase the data allowances due to pressure from abroad . 
   that is what i wrote . 
  liberalization of the market with a few basic regulations . 
  that 's how it works in most places . 
  the issue here is not the eu , the issue is that you have countries like germany with a completely broken market and a useless regulator . 
  for as long as they exist we all will suffer a tiny bit from it . 
  this is not very different to how we all foot the bill for greece . 
   so t-mobile from denmark must pay t-mobile from italy and what ? 
  they are independent companies and they have been charging each other money for as long as phone operators exist . 
  the point of the roaming legislation was to stop the ridiculous overcharging that companies do . 
  right now companies charge way more than the 10 eur/gb . 
  additionally some operators set up individual relationships to push down the prices . 
  for instance the companies under the 3/three/tre / drei etc. 
  umbrella get away with lower charges . 
  so what is your proposal ? 
   bottom line is a country where market forces has created low prices and good mobile coverage is now risking becoming part of an eu sanctioned monopoly . 
  huh ? 
  what monopoly are you talking about ? 
  this does not form a monopoly , it tries to regulate roaming charges that carries charge each other . 
  i 'm pretty sure carries are still allowed to charge less than that and they will eventually do it . 
  the problem is that germany and some other countries have no good market for mobile networks . 
  the eu ca n't force that market to improve all the sudden .
