  for an outsider it 's verh bard to understand why all of this was necessary . 
  austrian police is comparatively nice . 
  most of polititians never fire a round in their live aside from training exercises and there really is no reason to ve afraid of them . 
  put yourself into their position and see what you would do youself . 
  just because hou do n't like the right wing does not mean you they are not allowed to peacefully demonstrate . 
  the police must not side with or against them . 
  because it does not matter and would costs a lot of money . 
  just imagine changing all the different laws . 
  it has to . 
  the generation that has a failing eu will be a generation without future . 
  a changing eu does not mean failing . 
  failing is if the eu gets abolished and something else is put in it 's place . 
  i 'm all for making the eu larger but not serbia . 
  not because i do n't like the serbs but because there are so many unresolved conflicts in that country which will take ages to solve . 
  same in russia . 
  4th place televoting . 
  2012 numbers : http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/9789264183896-en/02/07/g2-07-02.html?itemid=/content/chapter/9789264183896-26-en, 
  in austria it 's mandatory to register whenever you change address within three days . 
  linked to that registration is your voter registration so you do n't need to do that extra . 
  but yeah , you do need to register for living . 
  if the educational system would work and the press was less controlling it would work . 
  but if you have a stupid population ( which we currently have in many countries ) direct democracy is the worst . 
  maybe they could build their own nationalistic country somewhere in greenland . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  saying that there are shady networks for a good russian / german relationship is hilaurious given the shady nature of the german / us relationships . 
  as a reporter for any newspaper of the axel springer publishing house you are barely allowed to critizise the us and yoi have to fully support one of the many lobbying organizations ( atlantische bruecke i think ) for good relationships with the us . 
  there are far fewer such things with russia . 
  / / edit : axel springer is the publishing house which owns welt am sonntag . 
  austria : books from stefan zweig . 
  the royal game ( die schachnovelle ) for instance . 
   and sometimes it can have more than one . 
  both `` der '' and `` das '' teller is perfectly acceptable as neither sounds very wrong . 
  gender traditionally is not related to sexual gender but how it sounds . 
  that 's still true when making up new words . 
  you instinctively know which gender it is . 
  and sometimes it can have more than one . 
  how is it ugly ? 
  maybe when people on the street speak it colloquially but german literature has access to a lot of really amazing possibilities in the language . 
  not at all . 
  there is german interview with him here : http://derstandard.at/1397521434127/chat-mit-conchita-wurst, 
  she is a he . 
  he 's just playing a female character . 
  oh i 'm not disagreeing . 
  our trick is the best . 
  so you are saying there are no physical differences between men and women and both are equally capable as a general rule to work as miners ? 
  stalin died in 1953 . 
   and what position do you think ukrain is in diplomatically when alone and negotiating with it 's gigantic neighbour ? 
  what do you think russia is trying to achieve here ? 
  conflicts never get better when other countries join in . 
  korea , vietnam , iraq , the list is endless . 
  why should it be any better this time ? 
   so because russia does n't accept it we should de-escalate and tell ukraine that we 're sorry but that they have to take it up the ass ? 
  all right . 
  seriously how do you think that solves anything ? 
  if we ca n't solve the problem diplomatically this is going to turn into a war . 
  sanctions is not diplomacy , sanctions is the first step towards a long term cold conflict . 
   we 're talking about a state that 's in this situation because it chose for the eu not russia and now what do you want us to do ? 
  to ignore it as if we never had anything to do with it and it is n't happening next door ? 
  it should not have needed to chose to begin with . 
  that was the initial mistake . 
  do you honestly believe russia will bow down now ? 
  we 're going to put one or two years of sanctions on the country and it will escalate step by step . 
   and europe might hurt economically by taking a hard stance , but that 's the price it pays for being so dependent on russian gas . 
  change that if you want to stop the hurt . 
  nobody wants another cold war . 
   nothing wrong with that , just pointing out that austria & eu interests do collide , or at least , that 's how some austrians appear to see it , and they do n't like the pushing the eu is doing do n't judge austria by ~ 10 people on a us news portal . 
  we do n't represent countries here . 
  also i think you forget that the european union is made of it 's members and the path of the eu is the path the ~ majority is encouraging . 
  yeah . 
  some slovenian words are being adopted into the german there . 
   heh , perhaps not helping was a bad choice of words , just not caring is a better one . 
  you could not be more wrong . 
  just because i do n't subscribe to the idea of sanctioning russia does not mean i am not interested in an independent ukraine and stable europe . 
   although , even that might be wrong , because you seem to sincerely believe that this will help the eu ; so i apologize if i mischaracterized you . 
  sanctioning russia will do nothing at all but going to cause all of europe a lot of problems . 
  that especially includes eastern europe . 
   but personally , it seems more like austria is pushing it 's own national interests at the determinant of the european union as whole , and specifically , the determinant of eastern european member-states . 
  that 's a bold statement to make . 
  not that bold though when you consider that you are sitting thousands of miles elsewhere and can treat europe as a geopolitical computer game to see what happens if you move some pawns around in a wargame . 
  in some parts of carinthia , people have a german that mixes in a lot of slavic words which can be confusing for others to listen to . 
   but something tells me you would n't care much about helping fellow eu member-states ... . . ad-hominem are always a good way to make an argument more interesting . 
  where you get the idea from that i would not want to help european members is beyond me . 
  the eu/us actions are currently leading us into a war . 
  how is that helping anyone ? 
   what you mean escalating situation ? 
  russia has invaded a country here . 
  this is such a weird approach you are taking . 
  it 's almost as you have a burglar in the house and you let him steal everything because you do n't want escalate . 
  if there is no consequences to such behavior then it most likely wont stop , you realize that ? 
  ukraine was a ukrainian/russian problem . 
  now it 's a problem of the eu and the us and it has the chance to become a war . 
  that 's escalation . 
   the point of isolating it would be to protect west and to weaken russia because the best way to make people like you is if you fight them . 
  cool way to keep peace . 
   cultural exchange with xenophobic homophobic authoritarian savages is pointless . 
  clearly it did not help you when you declare a whole country xenophobic and homophobic categorically . 
  i recommend going there some day to make up your own mind . 
   everyone wants peace and you think the current plan of escalating the situation by putting sanctions on russia is going to keep peace ? 
  how misguided are you .
