  europe historically was much smaller . 
  so no . 
  it 's not erasing itself . 
  so i think a lot of this is something to debate . 
  for instance vienna 's underground officially opened in 1976 which is very late , but it was by far not the first thing that could be called an underground . 
  the `` stadtbahn '' was opened in 1898 and had tunnels . 
  some things now called `` underground '' are more above ground than below . 
  you do n't get an invoice at media markt . 
  the credit card fees are in the samel ballpark as devit card fees nowadays . 
   then you mostly deal with other companies because for private persons you do not need to have that on the invoice . 
  that 's why i said `` many transactions '' and not `` all transactions '' . 
   i find your implied idea that the entire retail industry would have `` questionable business ethics '' and probably not pay proper taxes , well , absurd i find the discourse with you very frustrating . 
  at no point did i say anything of that sort . 
  i do n't like this concept of eroding any basis for a sensible discussion . 
  i really have no interest in this discussion which apparently now reached the point where you rather target me as a person than the argument at hand . 
  just let it be . 
  you just do n't . 
  there is no legitimate reason that requires you to pay for a used car in cash . 
   why is it so difficult for you to understand the principle and reality of a liberty-based open society as opposed to a totalitarian surveillance society ? 
  i think you do not seem to understand that not everybody has the same opinions . 
  i personally am of the opinion that society as a whole can only evolve if we move to a more just taxation model and that requires the participation of everybody in it . 
  right now it 's very frustrating as a person doing business that many businesses have to deal with all the administrative overhead of dealing with money laundering prevention and high taxation because others manage to avoid all of that because of it 's cash based business nature and questionable business ethics . 
  you can ride on your `` liberty based open society '' ideology as much as you want , but not everybody subscribes to that and you will have to accept that . 
  apparently you do because few places accept them . 
  even atms refuse credit cards all over the place . 
  if you do n't have a german card you will be shocked to see how few places accept them . 
  not having cash in germany does not work most of the time . 
  tou do not need to invoice every transaction in general but you will run into issues jnot doing it in business environments . 
  transactions with customers at least need a receipt . 
  you have a general obligation for payments above 150 euro that are invoices to record the customer . 
  you do not report anything but the authorities can always audit your company . 
  no idea how tou get the idea that i 'm misleading . 
  i can only assume you have not dealt with those matters before if you dispute them . 
  what is it with germans and cash ? 
  the hatred you guys have for card payments is maddening as a tourist . 
   if you go to a strip club ( example ) , they take down your address ? 
  fancy place you must be going to . 
  this particular profession among many others is not without reason highly problematic for money laundering purposes . 
  many of us ( being people doing business ) are already severely restricted for what we can due due to money laundering regulations and it 's quite frustrating to see that this rule is not applied throughout the board . 
   the point is that the other side can not declare who paid for that transaction . 
  they have to for many transactions . 
  any invoice i send to my clients has both of our addresses on there because i 'm legally required to do that for the amounts i put on it . 
   `` the other side of transactions '' has to declare income , but not from whom . 
  any invoice over a certain value has to contain the addresses of both parties . 
  in germany that is 150 eur + . 
   what i spend my money for is my private thing but how you make money is not . 
  so the other side of that transaction will have to declare the transaction anyways . 
  definitely not austria . 
  that 's why it 's only sometimes , 
  sometimes it feels like croatians are basically austrians with sea access . 
  and a different language . 
   and then there are german numbers that are only backwards when they are two digits . 
  the same was true in english at one point . 
  you can reverse them in german though if you feel like it and people will get it . 
  for instance at times you hear `` zwanzig-vier '' instead of `` vier-und-zwanzig '' . 
  for a while it was listed as worst movie on imdb . 
  yes . 
  it bothers me and what bothers me more is that not more austrians are bothered . 
  why the hell are there so few cinemas with undubbed movies ? 
  it 's infuriating !, 
  not the currency . 
  the ruble is unsupported for a year now and if it woild be supported , then by the cbr . 
  it 's a shame but there was not really an alternative . 
  there were so many cars going through that town before that they wanted that bridge themselves anyways . 
  for austria i would say schottwien . 
  * [ what it used to look like ] ( http://www.old-picture.com/pics/europe/003/pictures/austro-hungary-schottwien.jpg ) * [ what it looks like today ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/schottwien_1.jpg ), 
  income in dollars , salaries and taxes in rubles . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/short_ ( finance ), 
  the difference to 2014 was that back then lots of traders short sold the ruble because they knew the bank is going to support it with a fixed algorithm . 
  now it freely floats so shorting is harder . 
   how is france still aa ? 
  it 's aa with a negative outlook . 
  when the political system gains more power than credit worthiness goes down because it increases the leverage for pushing through a default . 
  more adventurous !, 
  bilingual means that you had education in two languages from when you were little . 
  for instance because you had two parents that spoke different languages or because you parents spoke a different language than the place you grow up in . 
  dual language education means that you learned two languages . 
  at least that 's how i treat this subject . 
  i would not call myself bilingual even though i speak two languages . 
  not necessarily . 
  some learn it later . 
   do children under 10 years count too ? 
  children have their first english lessons ( usually ) with 6 years . 
  so they have four ( or five with last year of kindergarten ) years of basic english exposure . 
   is there any explanation for how has austria significantly higher percentage than all of their neighbours , even switzerland and germany ? 
  a few factors i would say play a role : * switzerland is dual-language in many places so english comes in as a third language , in austria the naturally such occurrences are tiny in comparison . 
  * early exposure to english at school nowadays and that change was made a bit earlier than in germany . 
  * very tourism and service export heavy , so english is important . 
  tourism is huge here . 
  austria had 25.2 million tourism arrivals in 2013 . 
  germany had 33.0 million for a country that is 10 times the size . 
  * parts of germany learned russian instead of english when they were little , not so much in austria . 
  i give up , 
  interesting tibit on this side : the chief of police of burgenland is in the process of being promoted to defence minister . 
  this is relevant in this context because his stance on the refugee crisis and actions taken for border management in burgenland were generally held in high regards by people on both sides of the spectrum . 
  interesting tibit on this side : the chief of police of burgenland is in the process of being promoted to defence minister . 
  this is relevant in this context because his stance on the refugee crisis and actions taken for border management in burgenland were generally held in high regards by people on both sides of the spectrum . 
  i like how they are the same in german : * ` - land ` -  ` - land ` * ` - rijk ` -  ` - reich ` * ` - ije ` -  ` - ien ` * ` - en ` -  ` - en ` * ` - o ` -  ` - o `, 
   the data shown are for disposable incomes ( i.e. 
  net of personal income tax and social security contributions ) .
