  note that the article here has nothing to do with vienna . 
  vienna is still a safe city despite the influx of questionable individuals . 
  i 'm not happy about those groups either but you 're making it sound like that 's a new phenomenon . 
  it is not . 
  chechens are with us for quite some time already and so are the problems they brought . 
   vienna used to be a mostly safe city . 
  one and a half year ago , there was no problem with going anywhere late at night . 
  the quality of living is decaying at an alarming speed . 
  are we living in the same city ? 
  and i 'm basically living next to praterstern so surely i should have noticed something . 
   the west station of vienna , where illusionists had been clapping at the arriving immigrants has become a no go zone where crime and fights between mostly afghan and chechen gangs can be obserced several times a day . 
  maybe not the best area but definitley not a `` no go zone '' . 
   i figured at least something similar to what the police in cologne did . 
  i 'm reading now they issued rape alarms to women in vienna . 
  not good enough . 
  : / why not good enough ? 
  what happened in vienna ? 
  aside from that , the rape alarms i doubt the `` rape alarms '' were actually used at all . 
  depends on who you mean by leader . 
  austria does not control what happens in the rest of the eu and plenty is being done in austria to the point where many austrians are worried that the powers given to authorities will be too strong going forward . 
  we have limited control over what we can do . 
  not sure what any of this has to do with tax doging . 
  your local company can dodge taxes like any other eu company can . 
  that has nothing to do with forced privatization . 
  it means that if you must not source local only but run contracts eu wide . 
  this is something you should want anyways because it 's in the interest of the tax payer . 
   we in scotland were recently forced to privitize our water there is no requirement in the eu legislation to privatize public services and few countries did . 
  not just in switzerland . 
  seaths usually correlate to kilometers driven and cars on the road and not population . 
  austria is a transit country with loads of traffic not caused by locals . 
   have fun deluding yourself . 
  the only countries that matter that serbia is not visa free to are canada , uk/ireland and the usa . 
  usa is not really an issue because they issue multi entry visas for 5 years . 
  i would love to trade most of south america for russia and china . 
  it 's not just numbers that matter . 
  also look at how much the passport improved in the last two years . 
  serbia 's passport is looking to be getting pretty strong . 
  not many countries are visa free to russia and china . 
  because nobody likes them . 
  also they consider themselves better than others while objectively being not . 
  heck , part of ukraine was part of the habsburg empire at one point and had a partial german speaking population . 
   not if they 're powering the vehicles that drive on them by induction there is so much wrong with the idea of induction charging moving vehicles . 
  and if you are talking about inductive charging on a parking lot you better have the solar panels where the car is not standing . 
   ... people should not form strong opinions of stuff they have no clue of , and therefor poison political debate . 
  i like this argument better . 
  except on the range from understanding the issue to the point where one can implement it to having no understanding at all , there is a non binary range . 
  and it 's not unlikely that anyone with a technical education ( and i include myself in that ) will be able to assess how realistic the project is . 
  if they are privately funding it : go nuts . 
  if they spend tax dollars on it , it should be in our interest to prevent this . 
  i find it surprising that there are so many people here that do not see anything wrong with money wasted on such projects . 
   solar panels ( incl . 
  solar roof tiles ) have been a major ( maybe the ) research effort in the last two decades , and it 's not even over . 
  over the last 10 years the eu has spent 110 million eur on solar r&d . this road costs 5.2 million . 
   you are outraged that these roads are only about 1/2 as efficient as solar panel on roof tops ... do you know what that is going to mean soon with the ongoing price decline ? 
  i 'm not outraged that it 's 1/2 as efficient , i 'm annoyed that public money is spent on a ridiculous project instead of spending it on things that actually make sense . 
   this is a potential way to put the panels where the are they least bothersome . 
  why are panels less bothersome on roads instead of roofs ? 
   and the roads are not only meant to heat your tea kettle , the produced electricity is intended to make the roads `` interactive '' , communicating information to drivers , lighting the roads where it is necessary , highlighting dangers , which is going to be especially interesting with self-driving cars . 
  except then they are not solar panels anyways but have embedded leds which they not only do n't do in this particular installation but also will never do with current technology because they would not be visible . 
   so a project wants to find out how safety and maintenance efforts work out ? 
  yeah , do it !, 
  do n't listen to / u/mitsuhiko !, 
  :p surely the argument should be that if an idiot like / u/mitsuhiko who has nothing to do with infrastructure planning or solar can point out how ridiculous that project is , one should not pour millions of public funding into it . 
  sure they get funds , but they are coming from different pots and without much fanfare . 
  these are pet projects from politicians typically and snd up just wasting all that money for nothing . 
  and even in that case it 's still better to put the panels on te roof . 
  solar roof panels did not exist either . 
  you do n't want to integrate solar with your power grid if you can avoid it . 
  roads in the middle of nowhere do n't have lights anyways . 
  the state uses subsidies and tax breaks to incentivise installations . 
  this also works much better to install a large range of decentralized solar installations which is what you need . 
  [ nothing is a problem ] ( http://libra.energy/wp-content/uploads/sites/14/2016/02/1.jpg ), 
  note that this is sitting on top of a regular road bed where the cost is not included in this project . 
   these are smart people they know what they are doing . 
  primarily these are people that are sales people . 
  they sell to poliicians and siphon tax money . 
  from an engineering point of view the entire concept is ridiculous . 
   in the meanwhile , tesla 's solar roofs look promising . 
  they are promising and they do it by iterating on something proven . 
  but something like solar roofs would never get funding money from the public because it does not sound as fancy . 
  sorry but this is not how development works . 
  you 're not building something and hoping for a miracle . 
  normally you set up a hypothesis , measure it and then evaluate your results . 
  they should already have noticed before even measuring that they have a problem . 
  there is very little that can be learned from this that would validate that concept . 
  i 'm very critical of this because this is taxpayer money being siphoned into companies on questionable grounds . 
  we need more oversight for these funding projects so that stuff like this does not happen . 
  all improvements that will go into this from a technology point of view if someone is willing to invest into it , will also benefit areas where solar panels are already a better choice : like rooftops . 
  not exactly sure what your point is . 
  sure it works . 
  it works about half as good as a solar panel on a roof but it does work in the sense that it generates energy . 
  however it 's very expensive , makes for a bad surface , requires loads of maintenance . 
  there are already much better surfaces to place a solar panel : on a roof . 
  there it has the right angle which naturally deals with water and snow much more energy efficiently and also means that the distance to consumer is lower . 
  there is absolutely no advantage over building solar panels on roads compared to all the other places you can place solar panels ( for instance you can place it next to the road if you really want , at an angle ) . 
  i do n't think you need research to come to that conclusion . 
  no you do n't . 
  we 're also not funding perpetum mobile because it can be shown on paper that they do n't work . 
  but just one sanity check before with a simple calculator would already be enough to decide to not try that in practice . 
  why would you fund something as ridiculous as this .
