  until i figured out that there is transferwise and that i can use my austrian bank card for travel in the eurozone . 
  currency conversion is an amazing way to lose a lot of money without realising . 
  it 's really not that fast . 
  maybe in some spots you are good but for the most part you will be lucky if you hit 16mbit . 
  get a local sim instead . 
  i hope the results for austria mean that many of the turks did not vote and not that they actually like to vote for akp . 
   greece predates the eu by a bit and did n't disintegrate during that time period . 
  modern greece was founded in ~ 1974 . 
  the treaty of rome in 1957 . 
  greece joined the european communities in 1981 . 
  hand in hand development . 
  if you think that is bad , look at the eurostar :  all train sets were built as tri-voltage , able to operate on 25 kv 50 hz ac ( lgvs , eurotunnel , high speed 1 , uk overhead electrified lines ) and 3 kv dc ( belgian classic lines ) using pantographs , and 750 v dc ( uk third rail network ) using third-rail pickup shoes . 
  the shoes were retracted when operating from overhead power and prototypes were used for testing . 
  [ 30 ] after the opening of high speed 1 , overhead electrification is used throughout and the third rail shoes were removed . 
  five of the sncf-owned sets are quadri-voltage , able to operate from 1,500 v dc ( french lignes classiques ) in the south of france , used on london -- avignon and ski services . 
   the class have multiple signalling systems , leading to a cluttered control desk . 
  these include  * automatic warning system , the british signalling system ( induction-based ) , used in the ashford area  * train protection & warning system , the warning system that supplements aws , used in the ashford area  * transmission voie-machine ( tvm ) , used on lignes \u00e0 grande vitesse , on eurotunnel tracks , and on high speed 1 . 
   * contr\u00f4le de vitesse par balises , used between paris gare du nord and the lgv nord , on french lignes classiques and the hs1-connected throat around st pancras . 
  it is electro-mechanical with fixed radio beacons . 
   * tbl , the belgian signalling system ( electro-mechanical ) , used between brussels-south and hsl 1, 
  the abgb is quite a bit older than the bgb . 
  to be more exact . 
  the descendants of the abgb are the westgalizische gesetzbuch . 
  before that there was the josephinischen gesetzbuch in different parts of the kingdom . 
  / / edit : it 's actually quite impressive how abgb is still in effect in austrian and used as a legal base in the czech republic and slovakia again for new civil law code . 
  for austria that statistic is not very useful because the base traffic is typically low for phone tarifs but you can recharge . 
  on t-mobile you can top up 10gb of traffic for 9 eur for instance . 
  also if you do n't care about calling the internet packages are dirt cheap . 
  i pay 25 eur/month for unlimited lte . 
  / / edit : and it 's proper unlimited . 
  this is from my hotspot settings : http://i.imgur.com/mby1iau.png, 
  sounds very much like the german form ( tschechien ) to me , so it 's familiar . 
   the problem is that some of the criteria are a bit dumb . 
  it 's especially hilarious with austria . 
  there are points to be received for something * nobody * has , transgender or not :  * registered partnership ( limited rights ) does not exist in general . 
   * medically assisted insemination ( singles ) is not allowed in austria unless you have the agreement of your partner and both of you showed up at a notary to confirm you are aware of the consequences of this . 
  ( unless you are married , then it 's implied ) . 
   * hate crime & hate speech that does not exist for anything . 
  there is a law that generally controls hate speech ( which includes gender ) but it 's not a crime . 
   * prohibition of medical intervention without informed consent ( intersex ) that only applies to people that are not psychologically stable and that does not ( by default ) include transgender people . 
  there is no mandatory sterilisation or anything of that sort here . 
  there are two big points that are missing in austria : full married and not just partnership ( this is primarily a thing with the church at this point ) and adopting ( which will be changed within the next year as far as i know ) . 
   banks get massive power is a cash free system . 
  they become like internet providers and health insurance companies and utilities . 
  they need strict regulations , because they have a major responsibility . 
  banks already have that power . 
  cash free or not . 
  in case you have not noticed , europe runs on debt . 
  that does not appear out of nowhere . 
  though luck . 
  that in no way has anything to do with daily transactions people do . 
  in the cases you talk about nobody would send cash around . 
  those arr internet tra sactions and nobody in their right mind would send cash instead . 
  this is a dicsussion about card vs cash and not how terrible card companies are for people donating to wikileaks . 
  this is abojt lawful citizens paying for food . 
  says the person who did not check thr prices of maestro transactions in austria i suppose . 
  maestro is dirt cheap . 
  the main reason people do n't accept cards is because they make it impossible to dodge vat . 
  as of next year electronic processing will be required , even for cash transactions . 
  i expect the number of card terminals to go up as a result . 
  your base assumption there is that it should be possible for someone to do illegal things i presume ? 
  the concept of a `` rechtsstaat '' is that the state is always the just and correct one and you have to abide its laws . 
  if you do n't like them you can try to change them . 
  in most european countries this works . 
  i do n't think we shoukd move away from this . 
  we 're bot americans wbo distrust their state . 
  we pay taxes and have social wealthfare for a reason . 
  and that requires a working and functioning state . 
  i really wish cash would go . 
  it invites people to dodge the tax authorities and it just overall makes things mkre complicated . 
  thr surveilence aspect does not bother me because it alreadu bappens in so many other areas that the transactions i do are the least of my worries . 
  in austtia there are still too many places that do not accept cards and it 's very annoying . 
  every cash transaction i make frustrates me when i put it into thr books later because therr is so littoe accountability and it barely links to my bank account . 
  in case society fails i do n't think thr lack of access to money is an actual problem . 
  paper money is not realbeither and will likewise not work . 
  and nobody was surprised . 
  they only ever ask to threaten . 
  their demands come up whenever greece wants something . 
   the people were subjected on the similar kind of propaganda you are subjected to a similar kind of propaganda as well in case you did not notice . 
  it 's just not as obvious because there is no one person it targets . 
   the difference is because the international community had different strategic interest in yugoslavia . 
  the international community has strategic interest in all countries in europe . 
  yugoslavia was not unique in that . 
  i see that a lot of second generation yugoslavians try to paint tito in a bad light , presumably to justify that the period after him was not as bad . 
  if you look at it from a rational point of view however it 's pretty damn clear that with the exceptions of * maybe * the slovenes times have never been as good any more to anyone . 
  you collectively ruined the country after his death in the attempt to gain more power over everyone else . 
  tito held it together . 
  personality cult or not . 
   however , i see two different price options that are both identified as 2nd class . 
  i do not mind sleeping on a train however if the seats are going to be uncomfortable and straight up and down i 'd rather not . 
  i was hoping i could pay for an upgraded seating area ( possibly even a bed ? ), 
  you can upgrade sparschiene ( within 2nd class ) as well as a regular ticket . 
  there is typically a button to add a reservation where it asks you ( on trains that support sleeper cars ) where you want to sit . 
  a couchette ( shared bunk beds ) typically adds 20 eur per person . 
  if you want to be secluded you can book an entire compartment which is typically about 120 eur ( fits two or three people ) . 
   the lower price you 're seeing is an offer by the austrian railways and you ca n't exchange it or get a refund if you miss the train . 
  you have to take that train in that specific date and time unlike a regular ticket . 
  a train pass gives you a lot more flexibility in my opinion . 
  sparschiene saves you money and if you are somewhat organised i recommend that over the alternatives . 
  in case they miss the train they can travel for about 80 euro per person in the combination bus from venice to villach and train from villach to wien ( which directly connects ) .
