  are there downsides to having two citizenships in uk/ireland ? 
   bmw and mercedes have huge manufacturing operations in the us and do not pay corporate taxes to the us . 
  got a source for this ? 
   they also have some loophole where their workers can not be unionized while us car companies have to use union workers . 
  why can not ? 
  sc discourages unions : http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/02/20/no-south-carolina-union-jobs/5642031/, 
   that is true , i only read this text . 
  ok , if you say it like that , maybe it is the best of the agreements so far , which would mean that other agreements were terrible throughout ... 
  the world is still standing . 
  just because some people thing free trade is terrible does not mean it actually is , 
   i for my part could not find any evidence for this treaty being positive in anyway for the general population during my reading . 
  maybe you want to point out some parts . 
  i suppose you did not read any of the previous trade agreements of the eu then if you have that opinion . 
   anyway , isds is still there and still circumvents existing legal systems although they changed the name . 
  so does any trade agreement the eu ever signed including the wto . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  if you read ceta you should however have seen that the way disputes are handled is vastly different from any trade agreement so far . 
  it uses a tribunal court system and it looks pretty great on paper at least . 
  well . 
  i read many parts of it because i have an interest in such things . 
  this is my personal opinion based on reading it . 
  the thing is public , you can read it , same with the already existing ones . 
  you do realize that jone if the ppints brought up against ttip apply to ceta ? 
  the latter is a really advantageous agreement for the eu ans probably the best trade deal negotiated so far . 
  fair enough . 
  i ca n't judge what far left and right means these days . 
  they are as left as austrian major parties go . 
  pretty surw you will be able to appeal under the replacement law as well . 
  with the current setup constitutional changes will be hard to achieve . 
  let alone that the russians would want a word . 
  none of this is relevant for the thread here however . 
  if france so desires it can change its laws that was the extend of my initial comment and there is no thing wrong about that statement . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  my assumption was/is that the burkini is banned on the same grounds . 
  if the burkini does not fall under it then i 'm not entirely sure what the entire debate is about . 
  yes . 
  but it was clear from the start that when someone brings it to the court it will have to happen . 
  same thing that happend with all other differences between marriage and partnership . 
  it 's stupid and retarded and costs all taxpayer money to make and then fix the law . 
  just get on with it and make the damn marriage happen already . 
  not in austria . 
  there the difference is random bullshit . 
  mostly frustrating for people that want to have their marriage from another country recognized in austria where it becomes a civil union for * no goddamn reason * . 
  and many absolutely retarded differences . 
  for instance partnership have `` surnames '' whereas married couples have `` family names '' . 
   you seriously do n't see a difference between `` you need to show your face in the public space '' and `` you ca n't wear religious attire to the beach '' ? 
  i have no horse in the race and no opinion on it . 
  so not sure why my view matters here . 
  it would appear that the burkini ban in france has popular support and i do n't quite see the difference between a general burka ban and a burkini ban . 
  so presumably if you ca n't ban the burkini , you ca n't generally ban the burka either . 
  so my guess would have been that if france wants to keep the blanket burqa ban then they will have to amend the constitution . 
  you do n't have to remove it , you can limit it . 
  same thing already is in the constitution of germany for instance . 
  i assume this ruling would also undo the burqua ban itself so there would be enough support to change the constitution if needed . 
  where there is a will ( and there is ) there is also a way . 
  ca n't tell if trolling , 
  aegean has the best frequent flyer program instar alliance . 
  austria too because of the neutrality . 
  what makes you like them ? 
   after this there will never be a national ban . 
  why ? 
  france can change the law whenever it wants . 
  turkey used to ban even the hijab in some public buildings until 2013 . 
  or would be an actual girl . 
  maybe we can collectively apply the same conclusion to the refugee crisis as well . 
  there are too many opinions and too few people actually doing something about it . 
  [ kaertneranzug ] ( http://static3.heute.at/storage/scl/bilder/news/lokales/1087515_m3w620h372q75v30585_1106_haider_20080928_pd0497.hr.jpg?version=1433968308 ), 
  but in neither case can easily solutions be provided . 
  in the case of earthquakes we can investigate better building standards , economic programs to upgrade houses , provide international support teams , financial and economic help . 
  in case of the refugee crisis we can investigate better foreign aid , work on solutions for better refugee centers near the original countries , send international support teams and work on ending the wars . 
  the idea that the refugee crisis is easier to solve than the prevention of earthquake deaths is ludicrous . 
   the refugee crisis is by its very nature a humanitarian crisis and an earthquake is not a humanitarian crisis ? 
   for which all kind of policies can be discussed and disagreed upon . 
  same applies to earthquakes . 
   than we should not want them . 
  if they are not willing to give up their citizenship they should not get the austrian one . 
  loyality is important for a nation . 
  i can only assume you do not realize what it means if you have to give you your own citizenship and why people do n't do it . 
  it has nothing to do with loyalty . 
  austria is one of the few countries that did not realize this yet . 
   than we should change that . 
  revoke that exclusion . 
  it does not make sense to hand out that privilege to people who do not contribute to our society . 
  that will not work . 
  international law prevents this . 
   we need to change our family politic than . 
  and how exactly do you plan on doing this ? 
  do you have children ? 
  as someone who has i can tell you that the family politics are not the reason people tend to not get children here . 
  it 's completely different things and you wo n't be able to change them . 
  also largely irrelevant because you can just look into other countries in europe that are doing better in what they are doing to achieve their numbers . 
   those hurdles are far from prohibitive . 
  if you hold a regular job and are not a heavy criminal you fulfil the requirements . 
  if you ca n't do that , we really should not want them here . 
  if these `` skilled '' immigrants do n't , that says a lot about our immigration policies . 
  my assumption is that you are not familiar with the actual situation on the ground that you have this opinion . 
  how many people on a skilled visa here do you know ? 
   explain that logic again . 
  it should be in the interest of the country to attract people becoming citizens from places where the citizenship is worth more than the austrian one , not the other way round . 
  we are effectively preventing people with a more valuable citizenship to become austrians with the incentives we set .
