   how did iraq fuck over azerbaijan & turkey again ? 
  nabucco was supposed to be provided with gas from iraq . 
   poland for one ... but given your other comments ... i do n't think you care much for poland , let alone it 's interests , anyway ... . . ah yes . 
  americans do n't like the polish much still , forgot . 
  they will still accept you traveling there . 
  not sure where you get the idea from that i would not care about the polish . 
  i do wonder though if you have actually been to either poland , russia ( or for that matter any eastern european country ) to judge the situation yourself or if you are just making your mind up from what you read on twitter and cnn . 
   if anything , it should be austrian soldiers responding to eastern europe 's request for reinforcement instead of americans ... 
  i like what rados\u0142aw sikorski did initially with ukraine , but currently bildt and sikorski are running a dangerous agenda . 
  do n't mistake the wishes of some politicians as the wishes of the people . 
   because that dependence on america worked so well ... . 
  it works better than if we would have our own local ( not so inter ) net . 
  that 's for sure . 
  the best way to escalate a war is to have countries defend other countries instead of countries defending themselves . 
  if you bring the us to defend ukraine you have a major international conflict . 
  if you have the ukraine defend their border you have a contained problem that while still ugly , is much less of an issue . 
  if you isolate a country you are just going to support it more . 
  if you do n't consider russia your enemy and we will have some proper cultural exchange the culture of russia will adjust . 
  isolating a country with a questionable leader does not help . 
   which is why the majority of companies extracting oil from iraq are european & chinese ? 
  in case you have not noticed , the discussion is about gas and not oil . 
   does all of europe have a visa-free regime with america ? 
  has ... has the us-eu fta been signed ? 
  which country in the eu can you not go visa free to as american ? 
  which ( non new ) eu country does not have visa free travel to the us ? 
  the free trade agreement is mostly uninteresting for the amount of influence the us already had . 
  you have access to our data and bank accounts , you already have no customs on almost everything excluding agricultural products . 
   if anything , you do n't know what line you 're standing in . 
  i 'm standing in the line of sensible politics in europe without risking a war . 
  something americans are clearly not very concerned about because all their war games play so far from home . 
   and yeah dude , energy dependence is totally insignificant . 
  my apologies . 
   european countries already depend on a lot of other things from other countries . 
  austria depends on nuclear power , on the money of tourists , the internet infrastructure of the americans etc. 
  if we do n't see russia as an enemy then depending on a chunk of gas from them is not nearly as big of an issue as you make it out to be . 
   yeah man , like i said , the best way to achieve that is to increase your dependence on russian gas instead of diversifying your supply so your not so beholden to a single country . 
  we tried to diversify our supply but the iraq war pretty much killed that project . 
  which we did not participate in . 
   and like i said , i 'm sure this will bode amazingly well with certain eu member-states in eastern europe and will in no way negatively impact or hinder eu foreign policy when it 's in competition with russia in the region . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of europeans would support a good relationship with russia . 
  that includes eastern europe . 
   it 's amazing how you can deplore the amount of influence that america has over the eu ... and then bend over for russia immediately after the words leave your mouth ... we do n't even have a visa free regime with russia , no trade agreements etc. 
  the only thing that we have with russia is energy trading . 
  you 're way out of line . 
   to me it seems like russia is already getting closer to eu . 
  i wish . 
  unfortunately the crimea crisis pretty much destroyed years of trying to build a good relationship . 
   but yeah , totes dude , what the european union definitely needs is more dependence on russian gas . 
  you know what europe needs ? 
  a good and healthy relationship with russia and not a new cold war . 
  nobody fucks with energy security of anyone . 
  if anything this deal is doing everybody a big favor by relaxing the shitty situations the us and eu have brought us all into . 
  try traveling to russia maybe . 
  turkey has electronic visas . 
  schengen does two things : no passport checks at borders within schengen , a unified visa regime . 
  once you have a visa to schengen you are ( within your visa rights ) free to travel within the schengen space . 
  british can enter schengen for instance without a visa , but britain is not part of schengen . 
  no , but no more visa restrictions . 
  you make no sense at all . 
  you draw arbitrary borders where there are none . 
  the only reason you could consider romania , the baltics , ukraine or poland not part of europe is by the time of when the soviet union existed which i might add , is an event that started 100 years ago and ended more than 20 ago . 
  i assume you have never been in ukraine ( or even the baltics ) and judge how european they are by an imaginary line on the map you drew yourself . 
  just stop before you dig yourself into this hole any further . 
  maybe because africa is neither geographically in europe , not inhabited by decedents of earlier european races nor speaking any decedent of a proto european languages ( besides the countries that were british and speak english ) . 
  so you 're judging europe by the last 20 years of politics ? 
  should i remind you that hungary was a soviet satellite state until the fall of the ussr ? 
  have you ever been there ? 
  kiev feels very , very european from a cultural point of view . 
  i feel much more at home in kiev than i do in greece or even southern italy . 
  reindling , usually combined with ham on top . 
  looks like this : http://media.get24.at/3dakmedia/ppm_3dak_kaernten08/2339_scaled_800x600.jpg in addition you eat horseraddish with apple and egg . 
  given that the eu has whole programs to regulate and support farmers and farmers markets i strongly doubt they would change their course . 
  even ryancrap let 's you check in for each flight independently up to three guys before , before your need to pay extra . 
  sounds very unlikely given how much money the eu pumps into farmers . 
  that was an honest comment . 
  / u/tanyalukyanova has a way of starting interesting conversations , 
  i think it 's a pipe dream to require that . 
  it would work if austria would have english as language but with german i do n't ever see this happening and i also do n't think it 's something that needs to happen for as long as everybody would speak english . 
   does that apply for those seeking asylum as well ? 
  asylum is something else entirely . 
  an asylum seeker is not allowed to do anything in the country , they have to wait until someone decides on the result of their application . 
  after that point they are handled like any other person that is a third party national . 
   in any case `` basic german '' might not be enough considering the reports of some elementary schools having trouble because sometimes a majority of the new students can not understand/speak the language . 
  that 's a completely different story because basic german abilities are not required from schoolchildren . 
  imagine how this would look like if you had a skilled worker who comes to austria and has to leave his children behind because they are not given permission to stay because their german is not good enough . 
  it 's already hard enough to get anyone into austria with our ridiculously complicated rules . 
  ( less than 5000 people get a red white red card each year ), 
  i was referring to the integrationsvereinbarung : https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/12/seite.120500.html but i 'm not sure if the requirements list is an `` and '' or `` or '' . 
  in austria i 'm pretty sure that 's not allowed but i would need to check . 
  pretty sure you are required to do language exercises and tests at a certified language school . 
  you already can not stay in austria unless you have basic german abilities and you have no welfare benefit unless you are a citizen or have worked here for a considerable amount of time . 
  we are already the most strict in europe i believe . 
   reread that , do n't you sound like a child that does n't want to brush his teeth now ? 
  i 'm not at all joking about this . 
  the general argument is that once you put responsibility on individual people they stop paying taxes . 
  in other words : unless a person has an accountant they are not paying taxes because it 's too complicated . 
  you are saying they are not paying taxes : i 'm saying they are supposed to . 
  it 's illegal on to pay taxes so that should not make a difference . 
  the fact that it does means that the way taxes are being collected might be too complicated for individuals . 
  if the drivers are not paying taxes it just shows that the way to report taxes is too complicated or can be avoided to easily .
