   if you have the money i would recommend you stay in venice , not in mestre . 
  venice is the most beautiful city in the world and you would want to spend as much time as possible there ( venice at night is spectacular ) . 
  ymmv . 
  i hate venice with a passion and i think it 's the most overcrowded touristy place in the world and not worth the money . 
  except yugoslavia was the entire opposite to north korea : it had the world 's best passport and people were free to move . 
  because otherwise carinthia would have gone bankrupt which is an entirely untested concept . 
  it 's not american . 
  it 's british . 
  ( scottish ? ), 
  we do , but only if you have reason for retaining it . 
  the turkish do n't like us . 
  i think it 's because we do n't allow dual citizenship and some turkish become austrian as a result . 
  i wonder what the retaliation will be . 
  we already are one of the only countries in the eu that need visas to turkey . 
  maybe they will raise the prices now . 
   why ? 
  my understanding is that these would happen : * banks would take a hit * follow-on effects due to derivatives * loss of confidence in markets privates , pensions and insurances by bonds . 
   a greek default was estimated to cost a trillion or two in 2010 ; in hindsight revised estimations ( made in 2013 ? 
  for a default in 2014 ) reduced that substantially . 
  but that does not count indirect effects of it . 
   that has n't happened yet , and it looks like it wo n't happen , ever [ ... ] hah , joke 's on you - only the lowest-paid workers were fired . 
  ( why ? 
  because the highest-paid ones got there by holding the country hostage in the past - power company , i 'm looking at you ) . 
  i 'm not up to date on what 's happening in greece . 
  however the greek austerity is pretty much a joke currently . 
   personally , i think greece should have gone bankrupt in 2010 . 
  the whole `` contagion '' spiel was just used by banks to justify the transfer of potential losses to eu states ( privatising profits , socializing losses etc ) . 
  would that been hard to greece ? 
  extremely - in the short term . 
  an early bankruptcy for greece would have been disastrous for the union so it was out of the question . 
  now however the general perception is that greece would be the only country that suffers which makes this a bit less risky . 
   ok let 's let the hospitals stop running , the economy grind to a halt and fight the greek government tooth and nail while they enact their reforms . 
  nobody forced the greece to take money from hospitals . 
  it 's not the ecb that hired back redundant state workers on high salaries , that were the greek themselves . 
   i 'm sure we 'll get a return on our investment from the shithole of a country that will produce and the eu will be a friendlier and more cohesive place for how well we treated our greek brethren when they were in need . 
  i think you 're too emotional about this issue and throw everything into a big bowl of `` greece is so poor , the ecb is so evil '' . 
  there are many issues you need to look at individually . 
  what do you propose . 
  let them go bankrupt ? 
  even the greek do n't want that . 
   greece is reforming right ? 
  otherwise why would they be supplying them money . 
  i think it 's debatable if greece is reforming . 
  the current government tries to undo pretty much all the first steps of reforms and put others in place . 
  if that 's a good idea or not i ca n't say . 
   the article says this problem was exacerbated by the fact that greece is paying the money back . 
  that greece ca n't pay back the money * and * pay it 's citizens is a problem . 
  but it 's not the ecb 's problem . 
   we could at least give them enough leeway to keep their people in groceries and their hospitals running if we wanted to be moral and european about it . 
  how much leeway do they need ? 
  this problem is * not * new . 
  this problem existed for years now and it always boils down to the same root cause : greece is too expensive . 
   it seems the ecb and imf cares more about getting paid than having greek hospitals running anyway . 
  so what exactly do you expect ? 
  that they keep supplying greece with money forever ? 
  it was a loan , not a gift . 
  greece has not reformed in years . 
  the situation will not magically improve . 
  also the description of soldiers for the marine are not exactly encouraging : http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-12-02/navy-personnel-open-up-about-border-protection/5933260, 
  is it really necessary to leave a snarky comment if you see you 're the first on a thread ? 
  the takes in austria ( one if the supposedly most ttip critical counties ) were less than 14.000 people . 
  i have the feeling that the ttip criticism among citizens is blown out of proportion . 
  we caused pretty much all the world wars or played a significant role in it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war, 
  let me guess : she was german ? 
  a lot by european measures . 
  also by growth . 
  in the last 10 years the muslim population increased by 70 % . 
   dude , they 'd investigate some lately urban planning and architecture changing made after bribes to local politicians . 
  from what i understand the bribes is not our fault . 
  it 's not hypo that bribed politicians , it 's hypo giving a credit ( that was never repaid ) to shady business men that then bribed local politicians . 
  it 's complicated but in a nutshell it 's that there are different categories of religion ( based on age , number of followers etc. ) . 
  depending on the category of the religion it gets more or less rights . 
  typically the rights to charge members money , to have it 's religion represented in schools , to get accepted holidays etc. 
  for that they also have to fulfill some requirements ( can not preach hate etc. 
  what i said . 
  there is no data collected on race . 
  there is data on religion however because there are different laws for different religions . 
   the vast majority of economic crimes in croatia had been conducted through them . 
  our criminals ( our media ... ) called them europe , but we all know hypo alpe adria and such were run by both croatian money and people . 
  to make you happier : hypo dragged austria down and criminal investigations started about the bank . 
  they have a higher chance of succeeding than the old insurance scheme which was basically just paid by taxes . 
  there never was enough money put aside for the process . 
  i think generally that system will make more sense . 
   ethnic austrians as in austrians of white/germanic descent . 
  we do n't track race so that would be impossible to say . 
  also a large part of the `` traditional '' ethnic background is slavic and not germanic . 
   are you talking about ethnic austrians ? 
  or austrians of immigrant descent ? 
  what is an `` ethnic austrian '' ? 
  austria only holds statistics by citizenship . 
   do n't most austrian muslims come from former yugoslav countries ? 
  most are austrians ( second generation , third generation ) followed by turkey and only then yugoslav countries ( when combined ) . 
  small part is russians ( chechen ) . 
  in 2013 , 6 % of belgians were muslim , beginning of 2014 7 % of austrians were muslim . 
  unfortunately i do n't have newer numbers . 
  austria has a lot of muslims but the general opinion is negative ( http://derstandard.at/2000010210943/jeder-zweite-sieht-islam-als-gefahr-fuer-oesterreichs-kultur ) most important points : * 65 % of austrians dislike behavior and clothing of muslims , 14 % disagree with that statement . 
  * 51 % of austrians see islam as a danger to austrian culture , 34 % disagree * 48 % of austrians see a favorable view of isis in austrian muslims , 20 % disagree i think we have the highest number of muslims in the eu after france by percentage . 
  well ... that 's obvious . 
  in fact , that 's exactly what enabled greece to be in big shit right now . 
  so let 's hope lithuania manages their country better .
