   if the income stream in ireland is actually because of economic activities in the uk , why are n't they paying tax there ? 
  the income in ireland is because of economic activities throughout europe . 
  the point of the eu is that you can do precisely that . 
   i do not know if fb is doing similar . 
  but you brought it up in this discussion regardless . 
  this is not helping in having a serious discourse about this issue . 
  the whole point of the eu is to not have to use local subsideries . 
  do you want to take this away ? 
   except when that corporation actually owes a bunch of money to the first organization , that just happens to be the owner of the other corporation and . 
  in that case , the interest paid is tax-free - eg . 
  the profit goes away . 
  it does not go away , it becomes the profit of the other organisation . 
  irrelevant in this case however from what i can tell . 
  unless someone can point out where this happened . 
   this is a known issue and the eu is working to stop it , see here . 
  in which he linked to an entirely unrelated issue ? 
   it 's based on shifting profits around . 
  [ citation needed ]  this is practically the same , they hide profits from taxmen in less favourable locations . 
  no , they do not have a profit on those locations to begin with . 
  facebook uk is not engaging in facebooks high revenue models like ads . 
  facebook uk is a local development spin-off that houses a few developers and marketing people . 
   more than a third of the uk population visits facebook every day . 
  it 's impossible to not make a profit from ads when you have more than 20m active daily users , you 'd have to be incredibly stupid or bad at marketing . 
  this is not the case . 
  again , those profits do not go to facebook uk , the ad business is run from somewhere else ( facebook ireland ? ) . 
  in any case it does not matter . 
  there is ( thankfully ) no legal requirement for having to have a local office for a certain branch of your business . 
  that would be the end of internet businesses in europe . 
   if they had no profit , then why are they paying such good bonuses ? 
  because facebook pays the bonuses on the performance of the entire company and not individual branches which would be ridiculous . 
  imagine you open up `` facebook brussels '' and they have 200 employees but no income . 
  they would write loss year after year and then the employees there would not be entitled to a bonus even though they do the same work as the sfo employees but they just happen to work below a office without a revenue stream ? 
  that would be more than unfair . 
   the problem is where the sale takes place and where the activity takes place which comes under i doubt that any significant portion of the facebook revenue stands in a relationship with this office . 
  there are many more office in europe and i would be that the majority of the ad business is run by the irish office . 
   whether the costs such as license fees used to transfer profit are real or artificial . 
  i doubt that a license fee is involved here . 
  if it is : [ citation needed ], 
   however they did not pay tax on profit where it was earned . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  what you want already exists which is how corporate tax works . 
  it 's just that the uk office * does not have a profit * to begin with . 
   corporate taxes are based on net profit . 
  yes , and hollywood accounting does not make that profit go away . 
  it makes it go away from * one specific organization * to avoid paying royalties that were contractually agreed on . 
  one corporation somewhere will have that left over as income and is taxed on it . 
   the point was that big companies have many tools to reduce ( or even erase ) the amount of tax they have to pay , compared to ordinary people . 
  that is true , but it 's not based on hiding profit . 
  it 's based on moving profit to different companies . 
  which from what i understand did not take place here given facebook has high costs in the london office and barely any income . 
  according to that article , staff alone eats up  75 % of the revenue . 
  this discussion also leaves out how much facebook actually pays on payroll tax and nhs every month in the uk . 
   one has to wonder how their uk business is ` doing really bad ' compared to other markets . 
  most likely because their `` uk business '' is paying a bunch of developers salaries but not making any income . 
  the advertising business is how facebook makes money and that 's on the american side . 
   double irish and a dutch sandwich for example ? 
  they did not get rid of profit , they avoided paying a lot of taxes by using a loophole . 
  their profit did not disappear , it was taxed in another country with lower tax . 
  not really , no . 
  i 'm not sure how much you have to do with running a business but there are limits to getting rid of profit . 
  especially for a company on the size of facebook where they plan on making profit eventually , there are limits . 
  hollywood accounting is not a way to not pay taxes , it 's a way to not revenue share with contract partners . 
  which funny enough , is exactly the opposite of what facebook did here , which revenue shared with the employees . 
  facebook uk probably made a tremendous loss . 
  / / edit : now that i actually read the article i wonder if the writer has any ideas at all how a company works . 
  facebook does pay payroll tax and nhs contributions . 
  / / edit2 : this means that facebook alone probably paid around 7.5 million pound in tax through paye and the bonuses that are paid out to the employees are probably taxed through capital gains on the employee side . 
  fpoe is not against immigration but it wants skilled immigration and stricter rules . 
  the party program in english is here btw : https://www.fpoe.at/themen/parteiprogramm/parteiprogramm-englisch/, 
  i like it in principle but i think it has no chances of passing because the package is just too large and people are already scared . 
  it 's also is not finalizednyet so it 's impossible to form a good opinion about the details yet . 
  no , but you are supposed to be sent back to the place of entry . 
  you ca n't be sent out of schengen but you are supposed to be sent to the country of entry where you were supposed to register . 
  crossing an inter schengen border without a document and schengen visa is illegal . 
  if you need any help ... :d, 
   is a taxi driver who brings people illegally over the border one ? 
  yes , but most likely he will not be held assuming he 's an austrian citizen or living in austria as he will be unlikely to escape . 
   is this the case where they took the two kids from their mother even though neither the police nor the court found no evidence of wrongdoing ? 
  child services can not share publicly what happened but they indicated sexual abuse . 
   i have never heard of anything like that . 
  ever . 
  primarily because there is no adoption . 
  however there are plenty of children that end up taken away by `` jugendamt '' and some of those decisions have been very controversial . 
  i think we only have capacity for about 9000 and they iust incarcerated 500 smugglers . 
  not surprised . 
  because we care less about green energy . 
  we buy cheap nuclear energy or foreign wind energy and use it to pump up water into the mountains . 
  then we sell it back if there is is demand for profit . 
   sorry , maybe i 'm too dense but i do n't understand why everything needs to be shared with every pod . 
  it does not have to be , it will be the natural consequence of limited sharing within a small world network split into multiple pods . 
  you can make the experiments with buttons if you do n't believe me . 
   since we were talking about the technical challenges , what stops facebook et al from using a pod-like infrastructure internally , with european users defaulting to european pods and with a notification/warning that data shared with users on american pods might end up in the hands of us authorities ? 
  because a social network is a small-world network which means that through very few connections everything is connected . 
  if you only have three pods ( us , eu , russia ) then all pods will eventually hold all data assuming no users delete their accounts . 
  but storing data on other pods would not be legally possible anyways under what we are discussing here . 
   there could even be a legal separation by splitting facebook eu from facebook us and using a diaspora-like federation in-between . 
  diaspora is based on other pods keeping your data around . 
  this precisely is not allowed unless all servers are in efta . 
  i have no idea what firendica does , but disapora is actually the worst that can happen to privacy because pods replicate data between each other . 
  so once you communicated with another pod , you lost control over your data forever .
