  but lavish government apartments are n't free . 
  you still pay for them , just in different ways . 
  yes ? 
  i figure that 's common sense . 
  however again , you are the one who is comparing salaries , 
  and how is that relevant to the topic being discussed here ? 
  since when do cows emit nox ? 
  the median household income in 2013 was 35k for austria vs 44k in the us . 
  the reason those numbers look differently at the moment is primarily because the euro fell in value . 
  with the new rukes you are only eligible when living in vienna for at least two years . 
  one thing that you forget is what you get for the salaries . 
  if you get 3000 a month before taxes your employer paid a hell of a lot on top of that for you already ( social insurance , pensions etc. ) . 
  so you have more from that money than in the us . 
  i like to critizise them for a lot of things but the building projects are great . 
  ca n't blame them for much on that front . 
   i remember reading a news article about that , that most of those asylum requests are by schizophrenic and other mentally ill people . 
  asylum was supposed to be an individual decision , not based on country or race . 
  for instance the idea is that you might be granted asylum if you aborted your child / are gay in a country where that is not legal and you go elsewhere to avoid prosecution if that 's not illegal in that country . 
  that in the past affected many europeans as well . 
  vienna probably comes from celtic origin and the romans picked up on it . 
  you could when e-voting was tested . 
  i know it was test driven at my university , but yeah . 
  technically it works , but it 's not done for security reasons . 
  you can vote with the austrian one . 
  but the uptake has been so abysmal that they replaced it with a sms authenticator . 
  so you can now go to a website and sign documents with your phone . 
  people get confused by those signatures though so in essence , it 's pretty useless unless you submit taxes and gov stuff . 
  it 's great to live on an island where some conveniently placed waters solve your foreign policy problems . 
  unfortunately if you are landlocked and most of your borders are less than 60 years old and have never been properly policed your foreign policy becomes a lot more ... nuanced . 
   anyway , they should rather get stuck in austria than in slovenia . 
  austria is a much richer , larger and extremely pro-germany country . 
  austria is one of the worst performers in europe currently economically . 
  there are countless internal structural problems that need fixing , the social system is already heavily under-financed , the location is losing attractiveness for business over the last 10 years and our economy is stagnation and right wing populists are winning power . 
  i 'm sure having a few tens of thousands of asylum seekers will not at all cause more problems . 
   these countries basically act in total unison in this crisis not because austria wants , but because austria has no choice . 
  and no , they do not act in total unison because not even within those countries people act in unison . 
  look at what comes out of bavaria for a change , and not just merkel . 
   i meant government . 
  your democratically elected government should be the people that make this kind of decision ... you did not ask about a decision but about `` wanting '' something . 
  i can ask you the same question about the united kingdom and i doubt you will come up with a conclusive answer . 
   austria should just take them to germany as fast as possible , just like all the other countries on the route . 
  i said this before : germany does not take them . 
  merkel might say the borders are open , but bavaria ( where the border is ) only lets small numbers pass . 
  also they are constantly threatening to close the border entirely which would then mean that we instantly have the chaos on our hands . 
   how many of the refugees want asylum in austria ? 
  i have no idea about want , but for the last few months 9000 applications were submitted a month . 
   how many is austria wanting to take ? 
  not sure who is `` austria '' in that question . 
  there are different opinions everywhere . 
  our government generally operates in a way that keeps public outcry to a minimum . 
  whatever can be done to prevent revolts is probably what the path leads to . 
  right now it seems like silently accepting refugees and trying to ship as many of them them off to germany is the one that works the most . 
  unlike most other countries around us neither did we have significant violence from either refugees or locals . 
  so in short : nobody is quite sure , we operate `` situationselastisch '' ( situation elastic ) . 
   stopping asylum seekers enter austria from slovenia really screws over slovenia badly and not doing it would screw over austria badly . 
   transporting asylum seekers to germany with maxium efficiency only screws over germany a little bit . 
  i think you are not aware of how the border to germany works . 
  they do n't accept an unlimited number of refugees and they are in constant discussions with the austrians to ship fewer over . 
  merkel ! = what 's happening in bavaria . 
   from the perspective of slovenia , surely the primarmy logistical challenge is a transport one , i.e. 
  transport migrants out of slovenia into austria as fast as croatia transports them into slovenia . 
  what are the limitations here ? 
  and what should austria do with them ? 
  everything here is already falling apart organization wise . 
  people sleep under open air , the germans are not taking them at the pace they are coming in . 
  okay . 
  i bite . 
  how was transylvania a vassal state of the habsburgs ? 
   however , the numbers in this link are clearly incorrect for the netherlands and germany if you define `` cost of starting a business '' as incorporation costs plus min . 
  invested capital . 
  especially misleading in the austrian case . 
  you still need to put money into the limited equivalent eventually , just not right at the beginning . 
  so it 's very misleading . 
  it 's just a translation of the original article titled `` 7 days germany '' . 
   if you 're austrian you do n't need a visa to the us . 
  not sure how that is relevant to my comment . 
  first of all many austrians apply for visas to the us because esta is only valid for a 90/180 visit . 
  secondly even if austrians would not have esta , a visa to the us is super easy to get and lasts for a long time . 
  that 's not the case for visas to russia unless you are american . 
  see . 
  it 's different for me . 
  i would love to have visa free access to russia and i could care less about visa free access to the us . 
  visas to the us last for ages , are multi entry and easy to get . 
  not so much . 
  i guess you are not really interested in it and just out for an argument . 
  not going to continue this . 
  you do n't notice the inconvenience until you live somewhere else . 
  the stability of names and compulsory registration is super useful : * marriage is super easy * opening bank accounts and renting places requires a lot less arbitrary proof of identity * no identity thefts from stealing utility bills * together with the registration system you do n't get your cars clamped  i have lived in the uk and in austria and i take strict naming laws and registration over my freedom to call my child `` anus '' and change my name whenever i want . 
  the uk and the us are historically weird with names due to the commin law heritage . 
  this is not without it 's problems either.l but you have less significance on the name and you can rename ar any point you want . 
  you could change your name on a daily basis . 
  you ca n't do that in most countries . 
  what country are you from and what are the rules there ? 
  / / edit : kim is not a valid sole first name in germany . 
  you can google it , 
  i 'm not sure if you have children but you got to pick the name of your child within 7 days . 
  at that point a human being gives very little indication of anything , let alone their preferred gender . 
  it 's called picking a safe default . 
  children have rights : the rights to not being beaten is not the only one here . 
  they also have the right to have a nice name that does not ridicule them .
