i think everybody is very curious to see where this is going . 
  from what i can tell most people support the new law but that 's obvious given that the majority of people is not muslim here . 
  that 's my point . 
  because of the border with the uk , ireland can not join schengen . 
   seeing as how russia are n't in the shengen or even the european union i do n't see why ireland 's non-shengen status matters . 
  it 's not about russians , it 's about russian ( or any other nationality ) people living on a irish working permit in ireland , or on a schengen permit in schengen . 
  when you are legally on a permit in any schengen country you are free to travel within the schengen area . 
  if you want to go to ireland however you need to apply for a visa to travel there . 
  it 's worse for russians living in ireland . 
  ( it 's not just russians though , even americans have problems with that due to the time rule ) . 
   people that move to ireland from a country like russia for instance need to apply for schengen visas constantly . 
  it 's a load of bullshit that is . 
  what does schengen get security wise ? 
  the schengen countries * want * ireland to be part of schengen and are as such more than willing to not check immigrants to ireland . 
  it 's ireland that does not want / can not join schengen due to the border with the uk . 
  it makes for me many people . 
  people that move to ireland from a country like russia for instance need to apply for schengen visas constantly . 
  oeople that move to the schengen area need to apply for irish and uk visas . 
  psople that come from the us to ireland can only stay kn schengen for 90 days in 180 days . 
  i love dublin , i wish it was in schengen . 
   kinda like austria , which is \u00d6sterreich in german \u00f6ster - = east , auster = south . 
  so not the same , 
  if you look closely you can see that the changes since the start of the test are already noted . 
  the portuguese bank still needs 1.15 billion . 
  some hotspots only accept italian numbers , some only speak italian . 
  to get an italian sim you need to provide a passport to a seller . 
  so safe !, 
  the cattenom nuclear power plant had more than 90 incidents since 2000 and i believe three fires . 
  this list looks pretty damn horrible : http://www.asn.fr/recherche/resultat/%28searchtext%29/cattenom/%28searchsite%29/35330%2c139%2c94669%2c120925/%28rubrique%29/contr%c3%b4ler%23%2331, 
  this is so painful . 
  that 's what they started to do here . 
  when the vienna airport exploded in cost they set up a maximum that must not be breached and they stopped well below that in the end . 
  what it looks like from above : http://oekastatic.orf.at/static/images/site/oeka/20120832/bahnhof11.5080508.jpg, 
  why not ? 
  then russia will be in a union state with belarus and in the eurasion union with kazakhstan and everything will be very confusing , 
  only condition for her replacement : has to be female . 
   have you been to ukraine much ? 
  do you really not experience culture shock there ? 
  i think it 's pretty hard to get a cultural shock in ukraine ( except maybe now that things are a bit rough ) . 
  your title was `` who recently left spain '' so it sounds like you 're moving back . 
  why did you go back ? 
  and i want to add before someone says that polarity is an issue : poland has the polarity safe version of the schuko plug but there is no requirement to properly polarize household electronics . 
  there also ( with the exception from wall lamps ) are no devices sold which require proper polarization as a safety feature . 
   wide , stable , grounded most important : they are cast so you can not pull the cables out . 
  i strongly disagree with that . 
  the closed holes are a good feature and schuko should gain that , but everything else either also applies to other plugs or is not relevant . 
  schuko plugs are now much better designed than the british plugs because unlike british plugs they are made so that you can not open them . 
  no matter how much you pull on the cable , you will not be able to pull out the wires . 
  the earth connects first just like on the british system , but the earth is exposed so that you can connect them to things yourself . 
  this is super useful if you have static somewhere on a metal surface . 
  impossible to do on the british plugs . 
  the british plugs always land feet up which is fun to step on . 
  they also need to have a fuse in the plug because of the wiring system . 
  this is also why you are not allowed to use a mechanical adapter to plug eu devices into a uk circuit . 
   i 'm not aware of this , what are you referring to ? 
   not being mindlessly patriotic here , our plugs are objectively a better design than the europlug . 
  the only feature the british plug has that is relevant and missing on schuko is the fact that it is closed by default so it 's child safe always . 
  pretty much everything about the uk electricity sucks balls unfortunately ( a post ww2 problem inherited until today ) and the plug saves it a little bit . 
  me too . 
  would have expected a lot more . 
  well , when i had my first holiday from the uk to the mainland after the 5eur note introduction i thought someone was fucking with me when he returned me one of those new 5ers . 
  we do n't all hide family members in our basement . 
  in fact , i do n't think we 're even high up statistics wise . 
  it 's just that nothing noteworthy happens here . 
  can we stop submitting any russia related crap here ? 
  it 's a military exercise , they happen commonly . 
  no reason to send this here , will only instigate bad discussions . 
  the current thinking it to prepare a law which would allow austria to roll up the army and police to have border controls . 
  nobody said anything about the end of schengen . 
   firstly , it is extremely unlikely scotland would be leaving the eu agreed . 
   secondly , even if they did it is inconceivable that the british government would automatically revoke the citizenship of any british citizen resident in scotland on the date of independence . 
  they would not even be allowed to . 
  you can not make a person stateless . 
   that 's a sort of `` no true scotsman '' ( heh ) as they can be permanent residents without ever acquiring citizenship . 
  also agreed . 
  however there is a difference between a eu citizen and a person with a permanent residence . 
  if you are a eu citizen in austria for instance , after a certain amount of time you need to apply for permanent residence anyways . 
  if they do n't move back , they should have the right to move and fully immigrate . 
   if what you were saying were true , that it makes no difference , that there would be no changes for them on independence , it makes no difference for scottish people either . 
  the assumption is that if scotland goes to shit then the eu people can leave whereas the scots are a bit locked in . 
   further you seem to have this conception that all `` immigrants '' are temporary , that they are going to feck off back `` home '' at some ( near ) stage in the future . 
  a person that permanently immigrates is by my definition not an immigrant but a scot . 
   who is `` them '' ? 
  eu citizens who have chosen to move to scotland and make it their home ? 
  people who work there ? 
  people who have had children there ? 
  if they live there , it affects their lives and they 're concerned . 
  period . 
  except that they have fewer reasons to be concerned than scotish people because they are in a better legal position . 
   that 's like saying it would make no difference if austria was reattached to germany tomorrow , because they 're both in the eu anyway . 
  that 's not comparable at all because you would change your legal system . 
  however if you would take bavaria for instance and make it into a separate country , a person from austria living in bavaria would not notice much . 
  the reason for that is that the legal system is not changing a single bit and people with a permit to stay will get permit cards , even if bavaria would leave the eu . 
  sure is . 
  it makes no difference for them if scotland is in the eu/uk or not . 
   i 'm saying that scotland does n't want euro + schengen , so the complexity might not be that `` low '' , as you say . 
  scotland could care less if it joins schengen or not . 
  from what i understand scotland never had any negative opinions about schengen . 
  with regards to the euro it has become pretty obvious that a change is necessary and from what i can tell , there is no strong push towards the euro at the moment . 
  given how much eu does business with scotland you can bet your ass off that they do n't want to see it go .
