  the international title is `` johnny hamlet '' or `` quella sporca storia nel west '' in italian . 
  the main person is not even called django in the original . 
   in european law we discussed a case in the netherlands where you could only buy drugs in a coffeeshop somewhere in limburg when you where a resident . 
  people thought this would be indirect discrimination since foreigners would be banned that way . 
  since any eu citizen can become a resident that 's definitely not discrimination . 
  this is unrelated to this case here . 
  not entirely sure what your point is . 
  are you disputing the population projections ? 
   chill out , serbia has nowhere as near as that number of people . 
  not any more . 
  correct . 
  those are the numbers at peak . 
  serbia had a peak population of 9.8 million in 1991 . 
  it has since declined to around 7 million ( exclusing kosovo ) or 8 . something including it . 
  so for former yugoslavia : serbia 's population is projected to decline from 9.8 million at peak to 5.3 million in 2100 ( to 54 % of its size ) , croatia from 4.7 million to 2.6 million ( to 55 % of its size ) , slovenia from 2.1 million to 1.7 million ( to 80 % of its size ) . 
  bosnia from 4.5 million to 1.9 million ( to 42 % of its size ) . 
  seems like freedom of movement does not affect this nearly as much as general economics do . 
  population decline and net emigration . 
  the best way to get people back is to reform the country . 
  ireland has still more people living outside ireland than within ireland but it has net immigration now . 
   yeah , i have to admit i 've grown somewhat bitter and resentful of the `` free movement of people '' , because 1/3 of our working population has left the country and those of us that stayed are going to be stuck with a very grim bill . 
  it 's unlikely to assume that people would not leave if it were harder . 
  look at what happened and is happening in serbia and it was never part of the freedom of movement . 
  if you do n't want to understand what i wrote that 's fair enough but my interest of continuing this discussion is gone . 
  except unemployment rate anong foreigners is lower than locals . 
  so your whole argument is wrong . 
   not really ... in essence , it is actually people from the eu who go to the uk to work because english is the common language everyone learns . 
  that would push down the labor participation rate and not up . 
   no because labour force participation reflects the total population working . 
  it means austria has an employment problem . 
  employment rate is a completely useless concept . 
  imagine you have a country which contains a fountain in every city that dispenses money . 
  under the assumption that said money is distributed in one form or another and a significant part of the population does not see the need to work does not mean there is an employment problem but that some people chose not to work because they do not have a necessity to do so . 
   thats why austria 's gdp is stalling ... austria 's gdp is stalling for many reasons none of which have to do with the labor force participation rate . 
  if it would , then you would expect it to rise because that 's what that rate is doing for the last 30 years . 
  however what is actually happening is that productivity went up but wage growth stalled out for a wide range of reasons . 
  as a result particularly the middle class now is in a worse spot than 30 years ago and more people see the need to pick up work where previously they could afford not to work . 
  also the number of early retired people went down and labor participation rate of women went up with the decrease of the birth rate . 
  the conclusions you are drawing are just wrong . 
   look at the labour force participation fml ... im the only one talking about the most important statistic with unemployment rate ... 
  the labor force participation rate is useless for inter country comparisons . 
  take uk vs austria as a simple example : people in the uk for a variety of different factors end their education 5 years earlier than austrians . 
  likewise different social safety nets have a different impact on how likely it is that people want / need to work . 
  there are so many differences in just how the systems fundamentally are structured that it 's pointless to compare them . 
   as they are currently identical i do n't see what the problem is . 
  because brexit is about control ( supposedly ) and having to accept foreign food standards and similar is the opposite of control . 
  but again . 
  point is that we do not know what the government 's position on this is . 
  among many other things . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is whaf the uk will do and we do not know . 
  this is hardely the only issue of that kind . 
  if british standards will be followed by foreign companies is a different story altogether and we do not know the answer to this yet since we do not even know what the uks plans are . 
  we will see when it happens . 
  so far very little has been said . 
   regulations are set by collaboration at an international level and the voluntarily adopted by nations the ones that really matter for the day trade were set by the eu ( food safety and co. ) . 
  so i wonder what the uk plans on doing there . 
  just accept anything ? 
  try to make their own standards ? 
  take the eu ones ? 
  i do n't get this focusing on tariffs . 
  tariffs do n't matter - regulation does . 
  and so far nobody was able to come forward with a plan of how that will look like . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will try to throw the city at least partially under the bus . 
  i just wonder what will replace that part of the tax revenue . 
  human trafficking is not an issue if you register the surrogacy early . 
  i will never understand why surrogacy is not legal in many parts of europe . 
  that woman wanted a child and nature does not cooperate . 
  is it so bad to have someone else carry a child for you ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i could care less what musk is doing with this company but my feeling is that musk did not wuite account for what makes german companies german . 
  we clearly are the frontrunners of populism in europe . 
  if you read the quote then it should be obvious what is meant . 
  by no means does he `` want women to wear headscarves '' . 
  the whole point was that people should dress as they please . 
  then you did not read the entire quote . 
  he said he does not want that to happen . 
   who wants women to wear headscarves in `` solidarity '' with muslim women he does n't . 
  either 80 % of austrians are idiots or what 's more likely is that the people polled are not representative . 
  just that other countries are not economically illiterate and would not introduce a robot tax . 
  funny how le pen did better in russia and belarus . 
  i know . 
  but i do not understand why . 
  apparently you ca n't . 
  is there a specific reason there are no postal ballots ? 
  that 's ridiculous because those people need to eat . 
  but you have a more stressful life . 
  the argument for sunday trading is not that stores make more revenue . 
  ao by that logic it would be fine if they only open a single day a week ? 
  if you have ever lived in a country where stores open on a sunday you can only shake your head when moving to a place where they do n't . 
  it 's a downgrade in quality of life . 
  there are lots of professions which get no extra pay on sundays . 
  good luck with that . 
  thankfully there is one . 
  ah , then i guess what i have in mind are different buildings . 
  they all look the same though :p, 
  a big difference between those and most is also the building height . 
  beru few were built that are only four or five floors tall . 
  landlords in austria might care about your last teo paychecks but do n't give a rat 's ass about your employment status . 
  money talks .
