  the hike is tiny all things concerned . 
  i doubt it will make a noticeable difference . 
  that 's good progress though . 
  that 's something the institutions can make work and most likely will support given that it 's a few years out . 
   my interpretation of that quote is drastically different . 
  then i do n't think you understand the basics of the problem at hand . 
   what is critical is that greece 's debt can not be paid off in the near future the specific debt that is repaid is the entire debt . 
  it 's paid by new debt under different conditions . 
  so the imf debt would be repaid in it 's entirety and replaced by new debt . 
  when someone asks for only 50 % to be repaid it means that 50 % of the debt are restructured and the rest is not repaid . 
  in the case of their proposal the rest of the debt ( the other 50 % ) would be repaid under a different schedule * in the future * . 
   greece is in a great depression . 
  it needs to be given some space . 
  yes , but that has nothing to do with the haircut . 
  that 's a separate problem . 
  the problem is that the demands that the institutions have is that spending is cut . 
  that 's in itself independent of the loan or eventual haircuts . 
   a debt that can not be paid , will not be paid . 
  i debt that is sufficiently dragged outwards below inflation will eventually become small . 
  the last british ww1 repayments were due sometime last year and were tiny . 
   someone has to pay for this indeed . 
  the question here is when . 
  if the debt repayment is scheduled ( as currently ) for something like 60 years or more then parts of that loan will trickle back to the countries that bought it as interest . 
  a proper haircut cuts this away not at that point , but immediately . 
  in that year where the haircut happens , your gdp takes a hit because the repayment does not arrive . 
  sure , it 's a play with numbers , but an important one . 
   i have never heard that , i would like a source . 
  for instance varoufakis here :  `` if a debt can no longer be paid off then that leads to a haircut , '' varoufakis told german magazine stern in an interview released on wednesday . 
  `` what is critical is that greece 's debt can not be paid off in the near future . '', 
  - ( [ source ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/02/11/eurozone-greece-idinkbn0lf03620150211 ) ) about this part :  even if it was said once , syriza has actually provided several smart solutions to a debt restructuring that does n't look like a haircut . 
  the only proposal i have seen by syriza ( other than the rumored 1.5 % of gdp thing ) is this one : http://www.tagesspiegel.de/downloads/11870514/2/regierungsvorschlag%20griechenland ( pdf ) and that one cut the imf servicing into two parts . 
  the first repayment would be 50 % by end of june and the rest in two years however without any indication in how that will work . 
  this is again , short term debt they want to cut to have more cash in their hands , because essentially the loan will only be 50 % repaid in the time-frame that counts . 
   but in my opinion it is a bit naive to say that germany is n't making the decisions . 
  for example , if schauble went to a eurogroup tomorrow and said `` you know what , lets give debt relief to greece and debt refinancing '' , there might be some voices but ultimately most , if not all , would go with that line . 
  that 's my opinion of course . 
  i do n't think you understand what this would mean . 
  say there would be a 50 % haircut on the debts greece owes . 
  all the sudden italy ( as an example ) effectively has to write off 20 billion eur or 1.5 % of their gdp !, 
  do n't forget that all of these were loans , not gifts . 
  someone will still have to pay for this . 
   actually , the debt issue is of great importance . 
  see here why . 
  to quote your quote :  2 ) cutting debt to foreign governments in half right now does n't get us anywhere because none of it is due until 2020 . 
  syriza does not just want a haircut , they want a haircut for the debt they issued with maturity of two years and less . 
  given how the debts are currently structured i doubt that will happen . 
  first of all you need to change some agreements in the union to make a debt relief possible and that make take some time . 
  however secondly , the terms on debt that needs to be repaid is issued with terms that would make such a haircut trickier . 
  it 's also not particularly relevant . 
  because they can refinance with new loans and then get their haircut at a later point . 
  syriza wants to show their citizens that they got a haircut now and they want a better `` cashflow '' for their country , because it allows them to postpone reforms and to become a bit more independent from the rules that the institutions set up . 
  but as i said : i doubt that 's going to happen in the form that syriza wants . 
  it 's also a rather pointless exercise . 
  / / edit : just to make one thing clear :  the first has to do with the idiotic infexible rigid rules of eu . 
  greece has to keep trying to lower the debt via maintaining huge surpluses as a depressed economy . 
  that 's not related to when a haircut happens , that 's a policy of the institutions . 
  the reasons those are not really up for discussion is because nobody wants to lend greece more money . 
  there are plenty of nations ( not just germany ) that do not want to subsidise greece any further on the near term . 
  krugman is not entirely trustworthy because at the end of the day he does carry his underlying belief and that 's largely what 's good for the us or what 's similar to how the us do , is good for everybody . 
  and that 's only partially true . 
  he also does have to consider debts that it 's not `` his citizens '' which will revolt . 
   an overwhelming majority of those who voted no -- about 88 percent -- believed that , as a result of an oxi vote , negotiations would continue , as you can see below . 
  only 5 percent believed that a no vote would mean greece would exit the euro zone . 
  so next time someone brings up how the election of syriza was the perfect example of how democracy should work can be referred to the above statement . 
  at the end of the day there is only so much difference between different parties . 
   which might have turned to be even worse in long run . 
  we will see . 
  i am quite sure that whatever greece and france are drafting up right now is more or less the same . 
  the differences ca n't be that big . 
  but if they are and accepted , i will be impressed . 
   they do n't want short-term solutions that troika requires because they believe it would kill greek economy totally in longer perspective . 
  the rest of europe however largely does not want to pay for greek people until their economy caught up . 
  if they want to keep the euro then they will have to do something in the short term . 
  the willingnes to support greece is notarticularly large . 
  i will read the article later in detail but i just want to clarify that i was talking about the current situation and not the last 5 years . 
  those are at this point in time white distinct problems with regards to how the economy is doing . 
  / / edit : after reading i do n't think the article is particularly relevant to the discussion at hand . 
  it basically just points out that greece is more fucked than the institutions predicted . 
  what is `` this '' ? 
  ultimately the discussion about the haircut is pretty irrelevant because you need to look into exactly which debts would be restructured . 
  it 's quite unlikely that they would hit the current scheduled repayments because of the terms that came with them . 
  my assumption is that syriza wants to have the haircut written down in paper to show something to their country , but most of their citizens will not realize that even if a haircut happens it will not change much on the present situation . 
   it 's not irrelevant . 
  it 's an important problem that needs to be addressed . 
  it might be for getting rid of the debts , i agree to that part . 
  however the bulk of the debt that needs repayment is out one or two generations . 
  when i die , greece still owes money to austria and germany . 
  there could be a legal change that would set up a framework that could allow a haircut many years from now , it does not change anything in the present however . 
   you 're missing the point . 
  the point is that there was hardly any recovery to speak of . 
  there was some recovery , and there was a lot of missteps in other directions . 
  i am not disagreeing with that . 
  however if you have a public sector that 's has been so tremendously mismanaged for years you can not just say : we can not reform that , because it would cost people 's jobs , so we carry onwards with it . 
  there is no silver bullet , but a ton of leaden bullets might do . 
  but it will be painful . 
   this is random rambling . 
  i made a simple point : greece did not have restored market access for its bonds . 
  simple . 
  try to dispute that . 
  talking about greeks not buying greek bonds is irrelevant .
