   ... but also wants an opt-out from the euro + schengen border controls but this is the part i totally do not understand . 
  no european country needs to join the euro given that ermii is optional -- they do n't even need to negotiate an opt-out . 
  likewise is the schengen area . 
  scotland * can not * implement the schengen requirements so it does not need to negotiate an opt-out . 
   i really do n't think it 's ethical for a non-british to vote in this . 
  sure , the independence or not of scotland affects his life if he 's living there , sure , an immigrant can have profound feelings for the country they now reside in . 
  especially considering that for eu citizens the outcome is completely irrelevant . 
  of course it would have to . 
  however it would already fulfill all requirements to the point where it has the laws implemented , so the complexity is very low . 
  and you know whose fault it is ? 
   why did you and me and all these hundreds of thousands of others choose to come to live in london ? 
  nobody forced us to which i can answer : and that 's exactly why i left before i would permanently settle . 
  that was misreported . 
  neither did russia . 
  russia delivered exactly what they owed to poland by contact . 
  they did not deliver the extra that poland wanted to sell to ukraine though . 
  do n't be so defensive . 
  i did not say there was anything wrong with muslims . 
  i 'm myself from a country with a large population of muslims . 
  i do hope you understand that there is a difference between christians and muslims though when it comes to believing . 
   france has nowhere near 27 % muslims . 
  not 27 % muslims of the population but it 's very likely that 27 % of believing young adults < 24 are muslim . 
  france has about 10 % muslims , they are from what i understand a comparatively young demographic and unlike french christians they actually believe in god . 
  the problem are all the extra complexities of being in different countries . 
  lots of people dodge the re-registration if they live in more than one place for instance . 
  as an austrian i see our bundeslaender ( which are similar ) to be a major pain . 
  i rather have us remkve them and make them be centrally organized , then have austria stay in the eu . 
  i fully expect interest rates in the uk not to go up this year , but let 's see . 
  well , the uk had a low interest rate for 5 years now . 
  flag of the exiled government : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarusian_people%27s_republic, 
  unfortunately it uses modern map data . 
  very obvious in vienna ( vindobona ) where it shows the danube as it exists since 1980 instead of the original land . 
  because the british do n't want to be in there and the french do n't speak english . 
  all other nations are too small . 
  learning german is a nightmare . 
  well , that one person will become two , no doubt . 
  for the head of party / chancellor the only person that really is an option is reinhold mitterlehner . 
  if they would split head of party from the vice chancellor kurz actually has a chance as the former . 
  as of who is going to become a finance minister ... 
   he even threatened to resign only half a year ago . 
  what was the saying ? 
  dogs that bark do n't bite ? 
  i think this is coming as a bit of a surprise to austrians . 
  while it was clear that the tax program is an utter failure , most people would not expect him to step back . 
  especially not given how recently he was given the position . 
  i personally hope it does not result in elections because that would further strengthen the right wing parties who are just waiting for all opportunities to point out that the government is incapable and then right on the popularity wave . 
  your insurance needs to pay for it . 
   here 's an easy solution to that problem : get the nation as a whole to reject far-right ideology there is no general consensus on what that is . 
  the last antifa protests were against the identitarian movement which ( from what i understand ) stands for cultural integrity and anti-multiculti which i would not call far right . 
  different people have different opinions . 
  for as long as that is the case , demonstrations must not escalate . 
  no matter what for or against they demonstrate . 
  austria has them criminalized but you do not get jail but mandatory treatment . 
  they give you replacement drugs and all kinds of stuff . 
  it 's the same shit everywhere . 
  in the last few years the left wing counter-demonstations have become more and more out of control : - /, 
  i thought it was 1 . 
  downhill ski 2 . 
  super g 3 . 
  giant slalom :p, 
   tldr : this is good for the consumers , really good . 
  it really is . 
  for instance courts recently ruled in germany and austria that people are allowed to use their washing machines overnight because modern machines are quiet enough that they do not disrupt neighbors if the house is built to the standards . 
  this is awesome because you can nicely safe money that way . 
  or because the frequence is too low . 
  a policeman in austria shot a suspect in january this year and when that happened austrian newspapers looked for more incidents and i believe they found about five or so killed suspects in 10 years . 
  because you are a police person and the car that just got into your radar trap was speeding . 
  because how else are you going to know where the license plate comes from ? 
  hmm . 
  i 'm bromley based ( though not right now ) and i would guess that about 10 percent of cars have the eu flag on it . 
   a public mark of some kind is a necessity to keep them from reoffending just wait a little bit and we will have sharia law and then you have your mark on thieves . 
   what i want to know is why mine says gb instead of uk . 
  the country code on the plate is the same as the one you used to have as a sticker on the car . 
  it 's the 1949 geneva convention on road traffic . 
  as of why the uk picked gb i am not sure . 
  probably because at that point uk and gb was pretty much the same ? 
  pretty sure the sticker was supposed to be phased out but not every country made the eu signs compulsory . 
  i know that very few cars in the uk actually have it . 
  there is no death penalty in russia and russia also urget belarus to abolish it . 
   i 'm all for integrating into europe , but i do n't understand why eu membership is seen as a goal in and of itself . 
  i think `` ready to join eu '' as a good goal , joining the eu not so much . 
  the requirements to join the eu are pretty reasonable . 
   so you ca n't speak anything aside from portuguese and english ? 
  this will significantly limit the kinds of jobs you can do . 
  depends on the industry . 
  it is english in no matter which country you are in . 
  someone made one of vienna in the style of house of cards a while ago : http://vimeo.com/98315356, 
   then why is the international red cross handing out food ? 
  because the red cross does not have to answer to anyone . 
  if they see someone suffering they will help them . 
  people in donezk are dying . 
   but after some research ( check out this video : muslims are taking over the world at an alarming ... : http://youtu.be/_kkky5epvpy ) i became very terrified by the fact that muslims are breeding a lot more/faster and thousands of muslims are still immigrating to the europe and america . 
  are n't you guys worried that one day muslims may outnumber europeans ? 
  i heard that britainfirst is working about this case . 
  i do n't have a problem with muslims ( or anyone else ) immigrating to austria . 
  you 're welcome . 
  but if that means that our local culture will cease to exist i am only okay with that if it has the same values . 
  i would hate to wake up in an `` i am legend '' situation where what i grew up with has been removed from the country i grew up in . 
   many muslims are moderate and secular religion is one thing , integration is another . 
  there are schools in austria where the predominant language is turkish and not german .
