  you are not going to get the people you * want * to be citizens unless dual citizenship is introduced . 
  no making rules more strict is going to increase the number of skilled applicants for as long as they have to give up their own . 
  we already have one of the lowest rates of naturalization in the european union . 
  austria is fast running out of actual citizens . 
  look at how much of the austrian population is actually allowed to vote . 
  it 's crazy . 
   we should raise the minimum household income significantly that would make it even worse btw as refugees are largely excluded from such things . 
  most people from third nation countries who are here on visas for skilled people have troubles with the hurdles that are already in place . 
  the more you raise that , the more you are going to encourage the `` wrong '' people to become citizens . 
  not too dissimilar to the refugee crisis . 
  [ dirndl ] ( http://ekstrabladet.dk/migration_catalog/nica/article4541032.ece/image_alternates/p900/no%20name ) . 
  various places in austria have local variations . 
  i find it disappointing to see how little reddit cares about an earthquake in italy that kills more than 200 people but a single refugee doing something dodgy is all over the frontpage for hours . 
  particularly the part about how dual citizenship is managed but also how it 's given . 
  it 's easy to get ( if you give up your own ) just requires waiting , passing language test and giving up your own which incentivizes people who are willing to give up their own ( particularly turkish who have the blue card or refugees ) but discourages people from nations with good passports to also become austrians . 
  bad incentives . 
  austria has a fucked up citizenship system . 
  do not copy . 
   london is trialing some fully electric buses at the moment , with the idea of a days use on a single charge . 
  not sure how successful they are so far . 
  i know nothing about those buses but i find this interesting :  vehicles will travel 180 miles on a single charge vienna 's buses can travel 90 kilometers on a single charge which is pretty much exactly half of it . 
  however they optimized the charging to go down to 15 minutes through pantograph based charging off the tram lines and they do that after each round . 
  from what i can tell they charge the bus 10-20 times a day . 
  does tfl drive fewer kilometers or how do they manage a days use with 180 miles ? 
  the main reason vienna went with pantograph charging is that it 's currently the fastest way to safely charge a bus as part of the regular schedule . 
  curious to hear how the tfl charges their buses . 
  the only pire electric buses currently in operation in europe are rubning either near tram lines and charge from there or have sinilar overhead setups at bus stops so they can actively charge between stops . 
  they require a lot of energy , are very heavy and generally seen as less efficient and more expensive than trams just more flexible . 
  you make it sound like people do n't build trams any more . 
  vienna is still getting new tram lines . 
  buses in vienna replace buses and not trams . 
  also electric buses in vienna charge through the tram system with pantographs because it has been found to be one of the most efficient ways to charge busses . 
   is there any point in having trams anymore ? 
  i do n't see any advantage over buses now we have electric vehicles . 
  very expensive also to set up and maintain the infrastructure . 
  a huge problem with buses is that they make the roads very expensive to maintain . 
  in particular in hot summer months where buses go , the road looks like a little hill . 
  wrt to efficiency non trolley buses are still miles away from trolleybuses and trams due to the loss of energy . 
   `` white flight '' is in full effect . 
  white flight is what happens in detroit and similar cities . 
  i assume you have not been there to see how that goes . 
  vienna does not have a white flight , it has a conservative viennese flight maybe . 
  where do those `` whites '' flee to ? 
  because those i assume you have in mind flee to the country side because they reject the entire concept of an international city . 
  if you live in vienna since you are little and you have friends all over the city ( which happens at least once you go to university ) it 's not tricky to have been drinking in all of them . 
  aside from that : 23th district has traditional austrian entertainment every once in a while ( kirchtag ) . 
   i 'd still be surprised if that many grumpy programmers from vienna could really make it big in ny this . 
  good programmers please approach me , 
  it 's not white or class flight , it 's influx of other people anyways . 
  this is not new in vienna either . 
  the city has always been that . 
  i think some people miss a really weird vienna they never experienced and was not standard : the post ww2 vienna their parents talked about . 
  where the immigrants were largely gone and the city was less multicultural than today . 
  but that was not the standard for vienna , 
  even if vienna was joburg the above statement would most likely still hold true . 
  the chance of being involved in a random crime on the streets are incredibly low just because of how infrequent it is in the grand scheme of things . 
   another interesting that was mentioned in the same article was like a throwaway line was that vienna was always sort of laid out to eventually 4 million people ( it 's still below 2 million at this point ) . 
  water supply was originally planned for north of 3.5 million and also rolled out that way . 
  just that water usage went up in the last 80 years :d, 
  depends on the place . 
  london for instance is enormously expensive and the quality of what you get unless you are a multi millionaire is abysmal . 
  i left that place after a few years and i do n't regret anything  the currency locks you in so you need to start putting assets into things that closer track the currency of the place you want to move to assuming you do not want to stay in the uk . 
  sf is not any better . 
  you earn a lot of money but rents are insane , property prices are too high to consider investment ( particularly now ) , huge social issues in the city , high levels of crime , bad school system , expensive childcare . 
  not a place to have a future unless you are in the 1 % . 
  this applies to many international cities . 
  if you push through it you can make it obviously , but so you can in vienna . 
  the idea that you go to another place and magic happens is just not right . 
  it does not apply to refugees moving to austria and it does not apply to austrians moving to sf . 
  if you start a company sure , there are some places that give you better capital access etc. 
  but these are then very specifically chosen places for very specific reasons and not because x is better than y out of principle . 
  even if you are a white male those places come with asterisks . 
  been there , done that , would only recommend to people who thought well about moving there . 
  you might not be okay with some of the effects of such a move . 
  until you get children and family . 
  for me moving back to austria was the best decision and once you know how it eorks the place where you live has little to do with your actual income . 
  native austrian here : vienna is great . 
  sure some want to go to the country side but there is no actual reason for it . 
  vienna is an international city and has always been it . 
  there are lots of people who just came to the city who flock into seestadt . 
  the city government is quick in putting fire under someone 's butt if things do n't work there . 
  jftr : that airport does not run the advert , it 's one of the shitty local newspapers . 
  not that it 's any better . 
  not sure . 
  vienna does natural births so bot sure if they would feed him . 
  my guess is yes but that might be up to the chinese government . 
  all pandas are owned by them . 
  afaik she will . 
  she just does not know which one yet . 
  turkish people in austria behave the same oddly enough : http://imgur.com/a/kcjua 61 % of turkish in austria only finish school to the legal mandatory minimum . 
  26 % make an apprenticeships , 9 % went to a school with a universe style degree and only 4 % finish an actual university . 
  second worst performance is non eu yugoslavian people with 32 % stopping at the mandatory minimum . 
  as a result it 's now mandatory to go to school until you are 18 instead of until you are 14 . 
   what is austria 's problem with turkey ? 
  i hope people do n't throw all of the news that is turkey related out of austria into the same bucket . 
  i do n't think we fundamentally have a problem with turkey in particular this headline is just stupid and inappropriate and does not represent the view of austrian people . 
  my personal feeling is that lots of austrians have no personal quarrel with turkish people but given the number of turkish people in austria combined with the large support for akp austria and the developments in turkey thinks might develop in a direction that `` ethnic ' austrians would not be happy with . 
  there is an awful lot of fear out there right now and that does not even have something to do with turkey primarily . 
  mostly just immigration in general . 
  i think the age of consent is just fine as it 's regulated and even currently lots of people have `` illegal '' sex between friends .
