  this means that they largely play in their own export pita and have little impact on local companies that want to do wood works . 
  they can just go to another company . 
  presently they are processing less than 30 % of the wood which would be the new legal limit . 
  so even if the new law lands it will not affect the present day operations of schweighofer . 
  just future investments . 
  dont ' t forget that a significant chunk of your gdp is thee export . 
  i think you are very naive if you believe that your problems would go away if foreign investors leave the country . 
  also it impresses me that you apparently already know who is to blame even without any investigation . 
  do you really think the problem would not exist if schweighofer was not in rumania ? 
  discrediting me as a shill is in no way helping the conversation . 
   the statements were in context . 
  the whole conversation was recorded with clear statements . 
  i watched the video and i do n't think one can tell wrongdoing or not from this . 
  the largest part that was uncut was them agreeing on him delivering more than what the agreed upon amount with schweighofer is . 
  that by itself is not even relevant to the discussion . 
  the other part about him cutting more than he is legally allowed to say is not answered by schweighofer 's managers in this video as far as i can tell . 
  not saying it did not happen , but that video is very weak evidence . 
   do you consider it acceptable that omv , partially owned by the austrian state , has a key control over romania 's energy market ? 
  the former austrian state telecommunications company is owned by mexicans . 
  you can find the same pattern all over the world . 
   i 'm not up to date with this investigation , just gave you some sources , however , it 's in the 1st paragraph of the 2nd article that : and it 's that particular investigation which has not managed to show any proofs of that happening other than that video with out of context statements by managers at that company . 
  i 'm not saying everything is fine there , but that is not a proper investigation . 
  the total number of wood processed by schweighofer in romania is tiny compared to the number of wood that is growing in comparison . 
  i strongly doubt they need to accept illegal timber , especially because they pay above everyone else there . 
  why would they pay more for illegally cut timber ? 
  they are independently audited and all the sold wood needs to have an origin stamp from what i understand . 
  my guess is that there is still a lot of illegal wood production going on in rumania in general and those companies and an enormous amount of logging is illegal or gray area ( like cutting more than the contract allows in a certain time frame ) . 
  instead of blaming this on the wood processors you should blame this on the loggers . 
  those are local companies , not austrian companies that supply illegal timber . 
  schweighofer only purchases legally cut wood . 
  there is quite a controversy going around that topic currently , especially if you read the statement on the website of schweighofer . 
  got some source for that ? 
  especially the illegal deforestation . 
  what 's the point of running a budget surplus as a country ? 
  i do n't think people complained that greece did not have a surplus . 
  i think lots of people forget how ass backwards russia traditionally was . 
  that was true for the time of the empire as well as the time of the soviet revolution or the time afterwards . 
  at no point were policies even remotely in line with western `` standards '' . 
   the post is explicitly stating there will be no work permit in the near future ... 
  i 'm not sure how a work permit would help . 
  if anything it would make it worse because then there is even less reason to process the applications quickly . 
  ideally it does not take more than a week or two to process an application . 
  the summary is basically that austria is not processing asylum applications for some period of time until a european solution has been found for distributing asylum seekers . 
   by what metric ( or in what year ) does austria rank first as destination for asylum seekers ? 
  i think this is by asylum seekers per capita if you include dependents . 
  austria has this law which allows an asylum seeker to apply for asylum and when granted drag their family along . 
  that said though , i have no idea if by that metric we actually are leading because that 's so specific to the country that it might be hard to compare . 
   i 'm just trying to understand the damage that has been caused to them that you are talking about . 
  the damage caused is uncertainty for companies and a high risk of cross border liabilities or what you want to call it . 
  the uk might be fairly self contained , but switzerland is not . 
  there are lots of companies that export and import to and from the eurozone and that the franc is now detached from the euro is something that worries a lot of companies . 
  not just them though , especially the banks . 
   what is the damage ? 
  they are still one of the most prosperous countries in the world , with very low unemployment and a very high standard of living . 
  it would be great if the uk had the same `` damage '' !, 
  that has very little to do with their currency . 
   switzerland 's currency does fluctuate against the euro . 
  switzerland appreciated massively against the euro and , frankly , it needed to do this . 
  so i think this is a bad example for your case . 
  i do n't think anybody really thinks that switzerland does n't have a great economy and does n't manage with its own currency . 
  not , it 's a good example because it showed that countries have a hard time controlling a currency in the real world , even if they are independent . 
  first their peg became too expensive , then when the released the peg it caused massive damage to their economy and now they are back with a soft peg . 
   the consensus among economists is that the drachma would lose 50 % of its value , which is what it needs to lose . 
  the drachma does not even have a value yet , it 's too early to say what it would do . 
   the ruination has been partly caused by being in the euro : it is not competitive with countries that it is in a currency union with and has no realistic prospect of becoming competitive with them . 
  the country has been in shambles long before the euro entered their economy . 
  it 's a problem of culture and policies . 
  i promise you that if the only thing the country would have done was pegging it 's currency softly against the euro it would have created just as much as a chaos but maybe in slightly different colors . 
   they have tried to solve this problem within the eurozone for five years and it has only got worse . 
  their only hope is the drachma . 
  this is not sufficient , but it is necessary . 
  i agree with you in a sense that the drachma is necessary in the sense that what greece is aiming towards a default . 
  however once that happens i have very little trust in the country recovering itself . 
  the euro might mean that countries have less control over their currency , but the same thing is true anyways because we do live in times of global trade and cross border lending . 
  the wiggle room for currency adjustments is very small . 
  just look at what happened in switzerland just recently . 
  there is a difference between the euro losing 20 % of its value and a hypothetical drachma losijg 90 % or more . 
  greece does not have a primary surplus and while it might be able to have oje now i doubt it will have if it leaves the eurozone . 
  the country is utterly ruined . 
  i do n't know if you have been there recently but the problems of that country are so systemic that a different monetary policy is not going to safe it . 
  if they leave the euro than this genration of greeks is pretty much done . 
  and nobody would trust such a currency and it woukd immediately devaluate tonull unhealthy lows . 
  the state is stikl not balanced and will need external support to stay afloat . 
  nobody will trust the currency and loans will be given in euro and dollars ( if at all ) . 
  how will that help ? 
  greece is fucked either way . 
  how are they affected ? 
  unless you make holidays in the us you did not lose anything really . 
  the nosedive was however a planned event and anticipated , 
   on the plus side the value of the # has n't fallen off a cliff like the euro has . 
  depends only on the timeframe . 
  the pound is still less worth than the euro compared to 2006 and earlier . 
  only recently did the pound actually gain in value to the euro . 
  this thing . 
  so very much . 
  oh god no . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i lived in london for the last few years and i could experience first hand what it is to live with and without euro and i take the euro experience over the sterling experience any day . 
  my british bank consistently rips me off when i travel anywhere in the eurozone or when i do international transactions . 
  in the first year i lost nearly 500 pounds in transaction fees , credit card foreign exchange fees etc.
