  try finding those cheeses at sainsbury . 
  that is implied . 
  you do n't get sky for free either ? 
  where did you get the idea from that this service was supposed to be for free ? 
   most british supermarkets have the same variety of cheese as you 'll find in a french or spanish supermarket , i 've lived in all three countries . 
  ymmv . 
  my supermarket of choice when i was living in the uk was waitrose after discovering that they had a large cheese section . 
  however the choice was still odd to me . 
  certain dairy products were really hard to get and some where heavily overrepresented ( the mentioned cheddar ) . 
  i have no idea how it 's in spain but france definitely has a much larger choice of cheese in supermarkets . 
  austria , germany and the netherlands have for sure . 
   no thanks . 
  the bbc works great for us and we would like to keep it that way . 
  you might be happy with how this is done , but not everybody is happy with their state broadcasters . 
  austrians for instance would be glad to see theirs being reformed and that reformation wo n't come from inside . 
  i generally hope so . 
  i would welcome any movement in making the state broadcasters modernize . 
  the way we pay for state television is not appropriate for this day and age and the content being locked into the country is frustrating for anyone who travels . 
  i was just used to a much greater cheese variety everywhere . 
  i know it exists , but it 's just a very different cheese culture i feel . 
   britain has a couple of good cheeses cheddar , cheddar and cheddar ? 
  when i was living in the uk i was so disappointed that in most stores cheddar seems to be the only thing you can find . 
  my point was that if you look at the `` tourism units '' in sweden , i would not be at all surprised if half were illegal as well ( people subletting etc. 
  my point was that if you look at the `` tourism units '' in sweden , i would not be at all surprised if half were illegal as well ( people subletting etc. 
  since we have two threads with basically the same topic , let 's stick ot this one . 
   but you need no business license . 
  the license is not the important part , following the law is . 
  in austria you are free to rent out a place in whatever form you want for as long as you follow the legal guidelines . 
  most places that are up on airbnb in austria do not follow those laws ( it 's people subletting , it 's people not paying the taxes , it 's people not registering their guests etc. 
  it 's people renting out the place for too long etc. ) . 
  everybody who owns a place can start to rent it out in austria if they follow the guidelines of the tax authority . 
  however they need to follow the rules regardless . 
  once they pass over a certain amount of nights / guests they need to follow more rules and regulations as they approach becoming a business or hotel . 
  i see nothing wrong in this approach and from my understanding , this is what it looks like in greece . 
   from what ? 
  the same laws that protects your neighbors from you protects them from your guest/tenants which pretty much says that there is a law in place that regulates holiday homes and rentals you need to follow . 
   there is no license required at all . 
  so everybody can make up an apartment or hotel and just rent it out just like that ? 
  what protects neighbors ? 
  neither of those can be the entire state of the law otherwise insurances would go crazy . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are rules and regulations that define how a condo works and who is legally liable for different parts . 
  there must be some sort of protection for someone who shares a condo with you when you start renting out your apartment to random people . 
  ( who 's responsible for damages , registration , insurance price hikes etc. 
   in greece it is different and many other users here seem to believe its not true . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in greece you need a license to rent out a place , that 's the same as in what i assume is most other european countries . 
  i bet it 's not any different in sweden , you just did not look up the law . 
   here is the requirements for airbnb in sweden : none . 
  just pay taxes on your rent income and they do n't care [ citation needed ] because that would be crazy . 
   from what i understand it 's because they make it really hard to pay those taxes by classifing them as if they were a hotel . 
  in which country is this different ? 
  you can only rent out a place in austria via airbnb under the same rules as if you rent out a spare room for tourism purposes . 
  i think that also has to do with reporting . 
  austria includes people in the aids statistics that were never tested for hiv on a statistical basis . 
  but estonia is improving , which can not be said about russia :( http://www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/en/dataanalysis/knowyourresponse/countryprogressreports/2014countries/est_narrative_report_2014.pdf, 
  ask some russians living in austria what they think of chechens living in austria . 
  if you think austrians have nothing nice to say , ... , 
  that makes it mich more appropriate . 
  plenty of tourists like to go to brothels in austria because it 's legal . 
  skum and sekoitus . 
  neither of those words sound like a fruit . 
  there is going to be a turkish party in vienna . 
  i perfect example of how well integration in austria works . 
  that 's not true for `` tarnen '' which was commonly used as well as `` tarnkappe '' because of stories . 
  clearly too many immigrants here . 
  there are loads of discussions about this online . 
  some summarised notes are here : http://europeanlawblog.eu/?p=1257, 
  what do you mean by their legal stance being inconsistent ? 
  correct and even schaeuble mentioned that already . 
  the article seems to be at least partially incorrect or leaving out vital parts . 
  because back the a court ruled that the particular bailout fit the spirit of the clause . 
  keep in mind that there was more time last time around to involve courts . 
  it does not matter who that person is unless that person is making the ruling in a court . 
  you can discredit me as much as you want for being a random guy on the internet but one does not need to be a genius to understand how these laws work . 
  the last time this happened it did not help that someone said it can be done : it had to go through courts . 
   that 's simply not true . 
  it is . 
  as much as some people try to read the rule in different forms , at present it still means that a country can not pay for debt of another country . 
  / / edit : to add to this : a court could decide to read the rule in new light which has happened in 2011 already , but some bloggers on the internet do not have that power . 
  nobody is in a position where a haircut is legally possible at the moment . 
  and yet the imf is not granting one . 
  what now ? 
  on my phone now but i think i just went to the link on the bottom and then selected the detail tables . 
  but in some countries they are included in those numbers . 
  that 's why i wonder how they can be compared . 
  i question some of those numbers , especially the austrian ones . 
  i looked into the detail numbers and they for instance do not have any unemployment contributions for austria in the tables . 
  as the data sets are very complex and large i did not have time to actually verify all the details , but there are lots of gaps for the austrian data at least . 
  i ca n't judge this , but just for the record : no bank can survive a bank run . 
  what happened in greece in the last few weeks would destroy any bank in any country . 
   the market forgets fast enough if high yields are on offer . 
  `` the market '' is not a hollistic thing . 
  there are different participants within it and they might have different opinions . 
  when a country sells bonds the first buyers will be tax payers ( either citizens but more commonly pension funds , banks etc. ) . 
  they will always pay for as long as they believe in paying taxes . 
  for international markets there will always be some that put some risky but high yield bonds into their portfolio . 
  however the volume of that is tiny . 
  do n't forget that argentina wanted to raise a lot more than that initially and they did n't manage in multiple attempts . 
  for greece the same problem would be a lot more challenging as it 's entirely based on working with the eurozone as it 's import and export largely goes there . 
  and they need more money than argentina to begin with .
