  has nothing to do with each other . 
  switzerland is free to leave the single market . 
   except the eu is fine with free flows of goods and capital with non-european nations without the flow of labour . 
  if all you want is a trade agreement then you do n't need the single market . 
  however the single market is the flow of labor , services , goods and people . 
  labour does not flow freely in the world outside of the european union , and services do not at all . 
  ever tried working in the united states as a eu citizen ? 
  or tried providing a service to the us ? 
  not sure how that is in any way related to what we are discussing . 
  financial passporting is primarily about handling financial products within the single market as if it was taking place in another country . 
  switzerland does not permit this * at all * . 
  an austrian bank for instance would not be permitted to manage a pension fund for swiss citizens that would be equivalent to the same financial product by a swiss bank in switzerland . 
   passporting allows legal financial activities in one member state to be carried out , for administrative reasons , in another member state . 
  a protectionist tactic , which we 're already seeing reduced under the upcoming mifid 2 legislation . 
  please explain to me how that is `` protectionist tactic '' ? 
  the whole point of the passporting was the entire opposite : to open up the banking which before that was local to a country like it still is in switzerland . 
  i find it interesting that you complain about it not going far enough when switzerland is the perfect example of a country with a very secluded banking system . 
   there is no logical reason why we can not have the flow of goods and capital , without the flow of labour . 
  there is . 
  you can not have the single market without the flow of labour . 
  that would severely damage the less fortunate countries . 
   if the eu did n't ban every member from accepting any non-eu official trade deal , i 'm sure almost every eu country would sign up to trade with us . 
  if every country is happy to sign up anyways then what 's the problem ? 
  if all countries agree a trade deal can be set up . 
   there is no necessity for financial transactions to be cleared in the jurisdiction of their currency or in some random political bloc . 
  correct . 
  there is not . 
  you are free to clear euro transactions outside of the single market . 
  but that 's not what this is about . 
  depends on what you want to apply for . 
  here is an overview page : http://europa.eu/about-eu/funding-grants/, 
  it means you make a formal application with budget , plan , etc. 
  and then you apply for funding . 
  if you are capable in presenting why you need money they will approve it . 
  it 's written in my passport ( austrian ) on the last page . 
  what most people do not know is that you can apply for eu funding if you can make your case and apply . 
  no need to be a big fancy company or local government . 
  the vgh hinted that social media changed the significance of it . 
  a single district doing something wrong is not a reason to redo an entire election . 
   i seem to recall hearing that this was common practice for the past 30 years definitely not 30 years . 
  this happened because the postal ballot became more and more popular after it was permitted in general . 
  so starting with ~ 2009 the amount of votes was large enough that local election officials decided to simplify the process apparently . 
  so not 30 years . 
  you 're acting like it 's impossible to keep results private . 
  it is not . 
  it has been shown to work in austria as well as in many other countries . 
  this time around ( and probably the last few others as well ) they deliberately released results early . 
  then that person will get jail time so i doubt that will happen . 
  it 's not hard to only release results to the election officials . 
  well . 
  people never thought that would happen in austria and voter registration is automatic here . 
   there were formal errors with the postal ballots there were two reasons the vote has to be repeated : * postal ballots were incorrectly handled * information was sent to media too early either of which would have been enough to repeat it . 
  it 's a really good watch and i wish people from both the leave and remain side have a look at it . 
   would n't want to continue free trade with the uk ignoring the fact that there is no free trade between the us and the eu ( and also not the uk ) nobody said there wo n't be trade deals if they would want one . 
  they just need to be negotiated . 
  if you remember the discussions the last year , the trade deal that the us and eu want to have is called ttip and was hugely controversial because neither side want to give up on some key points . 
  if the uk are willing to surrender some of their demands then i 'm sure a trade deal could be done in no time , 
   not entering schengen was agreed with ireland to maintain border controls in accordance with the existing common travel area in light of the troubles , that 's not exactly the same thing . 
  ireland wanted to join schengen but the uk did not , so ireland could n't either because of the cta . 
  that will not be necessary for another vote but for going forward . 
  the regulation around the counting of postal votes does not appear to work in practice with the increased number of them . 
  they will fix it an be done with it . 
  the witnesses did not mention one case of fraud . 
  it 's just that they were counted too early and in a slightly non conforming way . 
  we will see what the court rules . 
  a democracy has to allow for this process . 
  i think it 's good that this was investigated . 
  i trust our courts and whatever comes out of this is generally going to improve our election process . 
  both will move . 
  the interesting this is that the uk actually use the ema for drug testing , so they will probably have to replace it somehow . 
   nothing new that we already did n't know , but it 's nice to see it outlined in single document . 
  this document is not new , it 's from may . 
  it did get a bit of relevance all the sudden however as it documents the potential for scotland to veto the brexit . 
   i get that europeans in general are angry right now , this was an emotional issue for you guys . 
  what do you think would happen to the eu if britain gets handcrafted deals ? 
  then all countries want out and those deals . 
  this would not just kill the union but remove the funding which was necessary to make it work in the first place . 
  well , it 's 10 % of the gdp , 
  it is a massive drop . 
  but it is not `` almost empty '' as the headline states . 
  we will see in a few months how turkey 's gdp does . 
  just need to be patient . 
   to put that number in comparison i 'd say ireland ( republic ) gets more tourists per year than turkey . 
  you are wrong . 
  turkey will get 33 million tourists this year . 
  ireland might get 9 million if it 's lucky . 
  / / edit : if you want to see a small country that does well : austria will get ~ 27 million this year . 
  ( [ source ] ( https://www.austriatourism.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/2016g-welttourismus-2015-zusfassg-oew-unwto.pdf ) ), 
   the number of foreign visitors to turkey decreased by 16.5 percent to 5.82 million in the first four months of this year all things considered that 's not really all that damaging . 
  `` almost empty '' looks differently . 
  they just agreed on building it . 
  ( news in german : http://derstandard.at/2000036401465/dc-tower-2-wird-von-deutschem-fonds-gebaut ), 
  vienna is finally getting some fancy new buildings . 
  most of them are not high because there are building regulations that make it hard for big towers to exist but that does not make the architecture any less interesting . 
  for instance the new oeamtc building : http://www.fiaregion1.com/images/club_news/oamtc_new_building.png or the new wu buildings : https://www.wu.ac.at/fileadmin/wu/_processed_/csm_campus_52a27e73fa.jpg, 
  25hours hotel has the best price/value rooftop bar in vienna for sure . 
  not as high up but well priced and good atmosphere . 
  my personal takeaway from this is that debate in the uk means reading down talking points from a piece of paper . 
  and the arguments ( from either side ) are just bizarre . 
  in austria ?
