  from my understanding this is incorrect . 
  while you can use a forged internal passport to apply for a foreign passport biometric passport ( which is required for visa free travel ) it will be spotted because the number on the internal passport does not exist in the central register . 
  note that this is new with biometric passports . 
  non biometric passports will no longer be issued and are not valid for visa free travel . 
  wait what ? 
  now you 're making shit up . 
  how has transparency been a problem with the eu ? 
   the eu should have a law that prevents them from sending funds to countries in which a full audit is not possible that rules out any budget support in any country, 
   places can be persuaded , if you know what i mean . 
  we 're talking about the european kings of corruption here . 
  ( i 'm not judging , but it is how it is . ), 
  i do not know what you mean . 
  because this would imply corruption at the highest level , at a place where the eu has oversight as well . 
  do n't forget that visa free access means that ukraine implements a very stringent process to oversee the issuing of biometric passports and traveler registration . 
   the whole crimea hullabaloo . 
  i do n't imagine it 's that difficult for a russian to obtain ukrainian papers , or even citizenship . 
  someone could correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  acquiring a ukrainian passport as a russian will be tricky . 
  they are issued from a central place . 
  the blob on the map is klagenfurt . 
  villach voted hofer and is quite small in comparison . 
   yes , thats what i meant : how come klagenfurt is an outlier here , why did n't as many people from klagenfurt vote green ? 
  seems like a data mistake . 
   for comparison the `` real '' map , showing most of the rural areas voting for hofer ( blue ) , who lost , while van der bellen ( green ) won big in large cities and urban areas , including vienna by almost 2/3 . 
  except that 's not true at all . 
  there are a lot of rural areas that voted van der bellen . 
  vorarlberg and tyrol are full of rural areas that voted vdb . 
  same with hermagor which voted vdb even though being one of the most rural area in austria . 
  he has nothing to do with immigration anyways . 
  the immigration topic is handled by kurz and doskozil and they are both doing a good job at it . 
  not really worried there . 
  i 'm more worried about the lack of reforms . 
  we better get our shit together quickly though . 
  it takes a bloody long time to change anything in italy ( same as in austria ) and the population is afraid of reforms . 
  it 's a horrible situation to be in . 
  renzi was hoping he can make the process more efficient but apparently there is no way . 
  austria is going to have exactly the same problem . 
  there is only suffering from here on out . 
  you can vote early . 
  and other party origin stories are not particularly great either . 
  look . 
  it was the reason it was split up . 
  i really do n't see the value in discussing this . 
  so someone turns into a nazi because someone else might be one ? 
  is it contagious ? 
   any source for that ? 
  could n't find anything on this . 
  if we go by wikipedia :  by 1890 , standard oil controlled 88 percent of the refined oil flows in the united states . 
  the state of ohio successfully sued standard , compelling the dissolution of the trust in 1892 . 
  but standard simply separated standard oil of ohio and kept control of it . 
  [ ... ] in 1904 , standard controlled 91 percent of production and 85 percent of final sales . 
   10 % of the total us output ? 
  how does this even remotely qualify as a monopoly ? 
  it was split up in 1911 and not in 1970 . 
  when it was split it controlled more than 90 % of the oil flows . 
  it controlled more than 90 % of the production and more than 85 % of the sale . 
  that 's because you * can * hang wires from poles . 
  the same does not work if you need to agree on frequencies . 
  you * need * a regulator to get this right . 
  wild west does not work if you need to agree on frequencies . 
  i think what 's more impressive is that currently 48 districts went to hofer in comparison to first round , but 2037 districts went to van der bellen that were hofer before . 
  pretty impressive . 
  also overall the projected turnout is higher than the first one which is something that few people expected . 
  country not completely fucked yet !, 
   for one , how many non-government-granted monopolies are there ? 
  not that many because of antitrust laws . 
  see [ the creation of the mini bells ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breakup_of_the_bell_system ) , [ the end of standard oil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_oil_co._of_new_jersey_v._united_states ) , the [ microsoft antitrust cases ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_v._microsoft_corp . ), 
   do you have a link on how it works ( in any country where it 's a thing ) ? 
  how preventing tethering works ? 
  it 's two things . 
  for devices that allow the controlling of the flat you can disable it with a carrier command . 
  for instance on iphone the tethering functionality is entirely disabled . 
  secondarily tethering can be detected . 
  not sure how exactly it 's done but i assume it 's a machine learning thing based on port usage , urls etc. 
  it definitely works . 
  i had a giffgaff plan in the uk where tethering was not available and it killed my connection well . 
  it already changed two years ago . 
  roaming use went up when the charge dropped and carriers started to offer roaming packages . 
  we 're already way higher in actual data use . 
  not sure i understand the question . 
   genuinely asking : what evidence is there that the reason people use less data has to do with price and not just culture / habits ? 
  dfmonitor keeps looking into that question . 
  data usage strongly correlates with data allowances . 
  all countries with high data allowance have significantly higher average data use . 
   here in france most ( young ) people have at least 2gb of data included in their plan , i myself have 50gb , yet i hardly know anybody who comes close to using them . 
  everyone uses their home internet for most things . 
  you are correct that france has low data usage despite high allowances . 
  this if i remember correctly that 's because most plans do not permit tethering and lte coverage and speed is poor . 
  / / edit : lte is available for less than 50 % of the population : https://opensignal.com/reports/2016/11/state-of-lte#availability, 
  they do . 
  even the most liberals like peter thiel have the view . 
  thiel just does not see anything wrong with that because ij his opinion others will go in and disrupt the monopol if it gets too bad . 
   basically your message is that you want free roaming even if it results shitty service for us , where as the overwhelming majority of people do n't travel that much that they want to reduce their own service quality just so that the people that do travel can do it with their expense . 
  it makes sense to view things a bit more differentiated . 
  sooner or later roaming charges will have to go for a variety of reasons . 
  mostly because you have roaming devices and people and the interchange fees cause issues there already . 
  in particular for instance cars will need to use data for the new emergency systems . 
  likewise toll systems will want to switch to actual data sooner or later . 
  this progress is happening regardless of if people themselves want to have cheap roaming on holidays . 
  as a result of this someone will need to start regulating interchange fees .
