  and of course he had to sign it . 
  i would like to see a citation for him saying this . 
  i would say he stands for quite a few topics which do not have popular support in austria . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  i think that there is plenty of horrible voter base among fpoe voters . 
  but imagine for a moment the fpoe would not exists , would those people stop to exist ? 
   where did all the nazis go after they were allowed to vote again ? 
  i think we can all agree that austrians were not unhappy to join germany . 
  a huge part of the population can be classified as having supported national socialism . 
  people went to various different parties and those who retained their nationalistic views obviously preferred the fpoe . 
  however i believe the way austria dealt with national socialism after the war is a very complex topic that can not just be answered with `` all nazis went to the fpoe '' . 
  do n't forget that the initial `` we 're the victims '' viewpoint originated with other parties . 
   no other party has the problem of a siginificant number of right extremist functionaries and followers . 
  a lot more scrutiny is placed on the fpoe with regards to this than any other party . 
  no party disassociates themselves from voters , no matter who they are . 
  this is a general problem , not just with the fpoe . 
  homophobes vote for the oevp and that party would not distance themselves from it . 
  communists , antifa and anarchists vote for red and green and those parties would not try to get close to discussing this . 
   http://derstandard.at/ ( liberal ) left wing , not liberal . 
  for liberal try nzz.at , 
  neither did the fpoe . 
  i 'm sure there are questionable people in the history of the party and there are still a lot of questionable people in the party ( gudenus for starters ) but instead of making a broad sweep across the entirety of the party it would be a lot more reasonable to attack specifics and not just some association with nazis . 
  fpoe will become more and more relevant and we better find a way to have a reasonable discourse with them or this will end real bad . 
  well sure , too early . 
  the oevp started out as a collecting party of former austro-fascists and the spoe 's foundation was for the ( non hitler ) anschluss and karl renner himself had a very questionable relationship with the jewish people . 
  also ignoring completely that both those foundations went into a civil war there is plenty of questionable history in our political system . 
  pretty sure visegrad countries would not mind if their citizens would contribute to their own economies instead . 
  you always need two sides for a split . 
  our political left had no answers in the immigration problem and now we are left with this mess . 
  attacking fpoe on anything other but the topics has been a major disaster and gave them fuel . 
  the media and certain parties played into the hands of strache and hofer with this . 
  the longer it went on the worse it got . 
  to the point where hofer was accused of lies which could not be proven as such ( inaccuracies sure , but lies cleary not ) . 
   i 'm a regular guy , i have a wife and two kids , i work hard . 
  i 'm also someone who is concerned by the levels of immigration we 've seen in many european countries , and the ongoing migrant crisis . 
  i know many other people who are also concerned by these things . 
  see , i 'm in the same boat but i could not vote for hofer based on his very conservative views ( on homosexuality , rights of non citizens , etc. ) . 
  i was very disappointed that we were left with the extreme candidates after the first round . 
  it splits the country and that 's not good . 
   well , hofer believes in chemtrails and is part of a pan-german fraternity . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  actually he does not . 
  be moved forward a motion of disclosure on popular request . 
  which is no way less retarded but that was clearly a way to appeal to voters since nobody else was going to do it . 
   wait , so you should n't be attacked for the groups you are a member of of the actions of those groups surely , but last time i was checking it 's not the actions of those groups that are the problem but their charter . 
  people should be judged by their actions and not by association . 
  that goes for both sides . 
   i could attack him for all the other things but you chose not to do so ; repeatedly . 
  why ? 
  with regards to things they stand for they are not significantly different than the svp in switzerland i think . 
   you are right , but mr. hofer should be looked at rather doubiously for his membership in a `` burschenschaft '' that denies the independence of austria and for his made up stories from his trip to israel . 
  i think it 's pointless to attack people from that angle . 
  oevp and spoe have a terrible founding history as well and some of the things that parties stood for do not belong in present days . 
  hofer should be discussed for his views on marriage , immigration , the european union , the social state and not because of what people in his party did or what his fraternity did . 
  because most fraternities are bizarre in their rules and ideas - not just in austria . 
  i think it 's hard to say at this point . 
  hofer 's opinions are not something i support but they are not significantly different from conservatives . 
  the party consists of people of different beliefs from what i can tell with regards of how to deal with ww2 and national socialism . 
  however by no means are they comparable to npd in germany , jobbik in hungary or le penn. 
  there are worlds in between . 
  so i suppose the spectrum from right of center to right wing is pretty large these days and fpoe probably is closer to the center than the right . 
  i thought you still need to apply for a waffenpass for those which requires you to undergo talking to a psychologist . 
   the article does n't say , but did he own the gun legally ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it was not mentioned yet . 
   do n't you need a mental screening for gun ownership in austria ? 
  yes . 
  i would say so , yes . 
  that being said i 'm sure it can be improved . 
  hofer is the favorite . 
  it 's mostly a question by how much he will lead it would appear . 
  it 's hard to know how much people know . 
  my guess would be that people know that glock and red bull is from austria . 
  i would have said doppelmayr ( the skilift company ) but then again not many people know the company maybe ? 
  people seem to know that though . 
  they are in good company : http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2015/11/22/passport-cancelled-if-you-owe-irs-is-holding-travel-hostage-legal/#607bad4343c6, 
  if you only get 6 months until retirement you are not required to find a job . 
  people counted as unemployed in austria are adults in education programs by the state , people who already have a job but did not start yet , people who are too old to be given work but not old enough to be given a pension , people who are unemployed for less than x months ( not sure what the threshold is ) . 
   obviously there are methodological differences , but anyone has some insight/knowledge of the matter ? 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  european numbers are standardized so you can compare them . 
  national numbers are measured for what makes most sense for estimating expenditures of the social system . 
  it also measures differently for how long someone has to be unemployed to count in the statistic . 
  hilly countries vs flat countries . 
  sweden . 
  ca n't get enough of it . 
  nobody denies that the us are rich , did not say anything else . 
  just said the difference is not that significant . 
  case in point : the link you showed . 
  the numbers on this however are generally quite unreliable and hard to come by . 
   i think places like the usa pay far more for skilled work , and it 's very common to earn that amount - it 's only the people with absolutely nothing that drags the overall figures down . 
  in europe , there are very few of those outliers - it seems that 90 % of the population earns between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 - and lots of taxes to take an even bigger chunk of that too . 
  but in europe , extremely few people earn $ 100,000 + the numbers are almost impossible to compare because of different cost of living and social security . 
  for instance copays for medical insurance are damn high and some people do n't even have insurance from their employer and need to cover it themselves or pay bills outright . 
  pensions are not something that exists unless you work in public service . 
  it makes much more sense to compare disposable income and in that sense there is really not that much of a difference . 
  did n't we always have a jury ? 
  i like how germany and austria hate each other so much that they managed with 0:0 last year . 
  the uk is just as much of a blocker there as everybody else . 
  definitely not when you select other things like irban sprawl and starting a business .
