  russia needs its own color . 
  russian post is beyond abysmal . 
   nobody is forced to come to the uk though . 
  they choose to come , in their hundreds of thousands , every year , to take advantages of everything that the uk offers and that is relevant to the id system exactly how ? 
  people come in droves to any european country . 
  austria included . 
   i get the freedom of knowing that i am not required by the state to own an id card . 
  holy shit . 
  that 's so groundbreaking that you probably wake up every morning valuing this . 
   this is not a british problem any more than it is an austrian problem . 
  i think you might have missed the point of this thread ? 
  it had nothing to do with calais or immigrants . 
  it was about my statement about how i can not understand how the uk does not have id cards or registration . 
   the amount of random extra bureaucracy i faced in italy that has nothing to do with id cards or registration , but with how batshit insane italy is . 
   we do n't need id for these things mainly . 
  for registering for school , voting etc , you do n't need any id whatsoever . 
  i have never had any inconvenience whatsoever from lack of id in the uk . 
  lucky you . 
  everyone who moved there from a country with registration , things look batshit insane . 
  to the point where you end up with `` you need a bank account to get a flat ; you need an address to get a bank account '' circular bootstrapping dependencies . 
   i do n't think that the uk should change a fundamental thing like id just for people who want to move to the uk . 
  you are free to keep your crappy system , but do n't force people to accept it as good when it 's mediocre to terrible . 
  it 's a horrible idea and it 's causing problems for brits as well . 
   perhaps you do n't place value in not having state id cards , but i do . 
  i like the freedom . 
  what freedom exactly do you get ? 
   we do n't like id cards . 
  they do n't make things easier . 
  i encounter zero problems in the uk never taking id with me anywhere . 
  the problem of calais is in france , a country with id cards . 
  the problem is not in the uk , a country without them . 
  i have lived in london and vienna and i have seen both sides as well . 
  things registration in austria gives you : * super easy to open bank accounts * very few checks on anything , a single document to proof your address * simple school registration , automated voter registration * automatic access to digital signatures and document mail delivery * easy to call a key service and proof to them that you belong into the house you want to open . 
  none of those things exist in the uk . 
  if you move to the uk , proving your address is ridiculously complicated . 
  people do n't give you bank accounts because they are afraid you leave your address . 
  you ca n't get credit cards unless you have been resident in a place for long enough that you were registered there as a voter . 
  you need to ask individual organizations how to proof your address because there is no standardized method . 
  name changes are a pain and in practice , you need a deed poll . 
  there is zero advantage of not having an id card . 
  and do n't come with something about surveillance ; the uk lost any trust there . 
  / / edit : and i should add this has nothing to do with an id card . 
  the id card is boring , this is the mandatory registration and the document you get is called `` meldezettel '' . 
  the id card is completely separate but also very useful . 
   because in the uk , if you are stopped by the police , they ca n't just demand you show an id card . 
  hell even when driving you can be given time to produce the proper papers . 
  which is pretty ridiculous to be honest . 
  what 's the problem with id cards and registration ? 
  they make everything a lot easier . 
  the numbers for austria and italy ca n't be right . 
  is there a source for them ? 
  a few things . 
  first have a look at what the ecb is actually buying . 
  secondly what is the alternative ? 
  you need to buy debt in a debt based economy and that 's the one we have . 
  you achieve nothing by goving people money directly , you need to do it through an indirection and the best one is to buy assets nobody wants . 
  what do you propose ? 
  erm . 
  i think you did not understand the concept . 
  what ? 
  qe ia not helping the rich at all . 
  where is that perception coming from ? 
  what 's wrong with salo !, 
  wrong . 
  if you are married you can use your marriage certificate along for getting a visa and you are supposed to use just the marriage certificate for crossing a border when with your partner . 
   some of us do see the importance of foreign languages . 
  some of you do , but generally the uk is doing horribly with foreign languages and that has been an area of concern in the uk already . 
   a yougov poll of more than 4,000 uk adults found that three-quarters ( 75 % ) were unable to speak any of the 10 languages well enough to hold a conversation . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/education-25003828 ) last time the european commission checked on languages , there were only two countries in europe rating worse than the uk : italy and hungary . 
  / / edit : also i am not surprised the least about anything uk wise , i lived there . 
  i think you misspelt `` any foreign language '' . 
  the `` myagky znak '' ( soft sign ) makes it soft . 
   because nobody goes straight to living in the netherlands . 
  i beg to differ . 
  i know plenty of people that directly moved from russia or ukraine to the netherlands . 
  many of them did not even learn dutch properly until they got children . 
  ymmv . 
   i speak 4 . 
  at least for expats that 's like a minimum . 
  your native language + english + dutch + 1 extra . 
  and i know a whole bunch of people who fluently speak 5 or more . 
  erm what ? 
  why would be the minimum of an expat be four languages ? 
  three i get , but four ? 
  huh ? 
  what exactly is the problem with the euro ? 
  it 's slowly dropping in value but that 's happening in a very controlled manner . 
  euro mortgages are on an all time low . 
  we have never been more competitive pricing wise . 
  unless you 're italy or greece the euro works fine . 
  i thought the guide to dutch food is : sandwich and a glass of milk . 
  or kroketten , mustard and a glass of milk . 
  or some sausage and a glass of milk . 
   smart move , countries heavily reliant on fishing have no business joining the eu ( because their fisheries will get emptied by the rest of the union ) . 
  they never figured out if they would get exceptions or not . 
   it already has the free trade and freedom of movement deals it has capital controls . 
   especially with the eu still trying to push new member states into joining the eurozone general consensus is that iceland would be much happier with joining the euro because their currency is crap . 
  hmm . 
  i had the opposite reaction . 
  i thought it was double the size or more .
