  sure , but i know for a fact that your life consequences are insignificant in comparison , 
   how much in euros is that ? 
  can not be determined like that because that will be country specific . 
  / / edit : i ca n't find the link now but eurostat has a document where they explain how these units work . 
   us is more free with regards to marijuana and alcohol , what you are allowed to say in commercials , who you are allowed to target commercials to ( children ) , what you are allowed to put in groceries , sex work and porn , in what conditions you are allowed to breed farm animals , how you are allowed to slaughter animals , and obviously gun laws . 
  two edged sword . 
  federal drug crime laws are insane in the us . 
  combined with mandatory sentencing , three strike rules and the fact that you do not serve multiple counts concurrently makes for a horrible life if you engage in anything slightly iffy drug wise . 
  even if sweden does not legalize it your life does not end as a result of drug use or possession . 
  ppcs ( it 's pps but for consumption . 
  pps is an arbitrary normalized currency unit ), 
  how so ? 
  i doubt he has a strong view on this . 
  i think he personally would not do it but i doubt he would veto it . 
  he should try as a refugee , 
  if you can read german i wrote a piece about the situation as i see it . 
  still hoping some party will eventually have a look the general topic , after this when one can have a reasonable discussion about it : https://das-gfraster.at/articles/doppelstaatsbuergerschaften-in-oesterreich/, 
  austria 's exceptions only apply for natural born austrians or `` famous people '' . 
  they are not particularly useful . 
  austria 's stance on dual citizenship will sooner or later harm the country greatly . 
  only people who already have terrible passports and citizenships ( in particular people from iraq , afghanistan etc. ), 
  or people where their own country does not give a shit about austria and will not notify about citizenship changes ( eg : turkey ) will give up their own citizenship for austrian one . 
  in case of lack of notification protocols ( eg : turkey ) they can regain their original citizenship later and the austrian authorities are non the wiser anyways . 
   what about france and italy ? 
  austrian smokers smoke most cigarettes out of all countries in the eu . 
  austria in in the top 5 in exposure to tobacco smoke in restaurants or bars . 
  it and fr are nowhere anywhere close to that . 
  we 're not going to get a basic smoking ban in bars until next year which i believe will make us last in the eu . 
  but you are austrian . 
  probably the obly country in the eu where smoking is still seen positively . 
  i have to say that on the country side the integration of refugees generally seems to work really well . 
  i know it sounds ridiculous to teach people to ski but those are people doing it voluntarily in their free time anyways . 
  such things generally seem to have a positive effect . 
  definitely much better than some things that are happening in vienna . 
  most of his proposals are anything but popular . 
  also something that i do not understand . 
  the people living there would always revolt . 
  why keep a conflict within your borders ? 
  why would serbia even want kosovo ? 
  apparently someone forgot about austria . 
  however if you look closer austria does still exist : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:curative_care_beds_in_hospitals,_2008_and_2014_ ( per_100_000_inhabitants ) . png used to lead in hospital beds per population size but it 's down now because population increases faster than hospitals are being built, 
  never been there but from everybody who was in minsk i only heard great reports . 
  why not ? 
   austria austria 's system has two very big problems : * insurances do not incentivise prevention . 
  in a country full of smokers that 's an expensive problem . 
  alcohol , smoking and vaccination statistics are abysmal . 
  * healthcare providers are not rated by quality and the insurance system is very confusing, 
  i find this quite interesting . 
  thank god for public voting records . 
  fuck if i know . 
  fear of cameras i guess . 
   not google 's fault though , you banned it . 
  yeah , i 'm not complaining about google but our retarded society : - /, 
  evolution of an austrian road : * 2009 : street view not available * 2011 : street view not available * 2012 : street view not available * 2016 : street view not available, 
  without draghi the entire thing would have exploded already . 
  praterstern is praterstern . 
  case in point this glorious example of a quality viennese drunk : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33fakhsfkga this is by no means a new thing . 
  there is a huge park next to it , there is a billa store which is has long opening times , there is cheap food , transportation etc. 
  it 's where people go that have too much time to waste . 
  however now that it also became a known spot there is more police and it has become significantly nicer i think . 
   for the cited case of linz , the difference is 2.700 from an original 7.900 crimes . 
  this is outside of the even carefull standard deviations . 
  for almost all urban regions , the differences are at least a few hundred cases . 
  i did not look closer at this , but it doubt that a test would give point towards the numbers beeing not significant . 
  without knowing what things are included there it 's impossible to tell . 
  for instance last year burgenland had a spike in crime but that was largely because all illegal border crossing were recorded for it . 
  which is why i 'm careful making any conclusions from a document which was distributed with the explicit note to not draw any conclusions from it . 
   if an outside force such as the eu is telling austria that it is not allowed to safeguard it 's own citizens or security then it is probably time to either change the eu or leave the eu . 
  it 's not , so that comment makes little sense . 
   so your argument is that the quarters of the year are not comparable with those of previous years , because following your argument crime distributes completely randomly during the year ? 
  no , but crime statistics are not immediate ( eg : crime happens so it shows up ) . 
  so you can get odd effects when data appears after the fact . 
  aside from that you are partially looking at data of such small scale that it 's not event statistically significant . 
  data will be available soon enough and we will be able to learn something from it when it 's there . 
   i used to live in the 15th district , near the crossing johnstra\u00dfe / h\u00fctteldorfer stra\u00dfe . 
  neither i nor any of my neighbours had a problem there at any time of the day . 
  but as i hear from my former neighbours , several , sometimes violent crimes have been commited against people walking home from the subway station . 
  i strongly doubt that this increased significantly with the refugee crisis . 
  rudolfsheim fuenfhaus is famous for the large foreigner population and being a bit rough about the edges . 
  but we will be able to evaluate that once numbers land . 
   in the town of linz , crime has risen by 1/3 , according to the statistics for the first six months of 2016 . 
  those statistics are useless because you ca n't compare the first half year with the previous one . 
  crime does not distribute like that . 
  wait for the yearly statistics before drawing conclusions . 
  i 'm positively surprised austria does not read `` mafia '' . 
  it was on the frontpage yesterday : http://tirol.orf.at/news/stories/2817952/ and http://tirol.orf.at/news/stories/2817760/ same with zib : http://tvthek.orf.at/profile/zib-20/1218/zib-20/13901681/innsbruck-sexuelle-uebergriffe-zu-silvester/13946597, 
   and never will be if we just keep lowering our standards of what a no go area is `` well yeah you might get raped or murdered but no one is physically stopping you going there . '', 
  i go through both praterstern and westbahnhof multiple times a week . 
  both of which are labelled `` no go zones '' by international media . 
  i have been to berlin and paris and i can tell you that i feel less secure at night in any part of berlin and paris than i feel at praterstern or westbahnhof at night . 
  as an aside both praterstern and westbahnhof are full of police all the time patrolling . 
   because this approach seems naive . 
  you get gang assaulted , and you 're going to have time to reach for an alarm ? 
  how many times will you be assaulted before anyone arrives ? 
  no , but that was hardly the point . 
  it was a marketing of the viennese police forces to get in touch with worried citizens . 
   you need the draconian approach . 
  flood the streets with security personnel and actively monitor and follow the trouble-making groups closely . 
  there is plenty of police on viennese streets , i do n't think anything needs to change in that respect . 
  the problems that vienna has with refugees can not be solved by more police .
