   but the refugees wo n't be okay with being sent to countries like romania or bulgaria . 
  ( or hungary or slovakia for that matter . ), 
  that remains to be seen . 
  if the are a huge mob then obviously not . 
  if they individually get a notification after six months they will have a much harder time to congregate and complain . 
  in a mob they are strong , individually they are not . 
  i do not blame hungary for much , but if you pool them up until there are uncontrollable amounts of disenfranchised people in a train station then riots is the only thing that will happen . 
   i watched orf , the official state television in austria yesterday ( orf2 22:00 ) , and they were all but supportive . 
  they are generally supportive of a ) the support by the community and b ) opening up the borders once to prevent greater damage in hungary . 
  they are not at all supportive of this becoming a long term thing . 
  generally though the particular thing you watched is zib2 which traditionally is quite left leaning . 
  the zib24 for instance has a completely different tone . 
  open up any newspaper in the last few days that is not der standard / falter or kurier and all the sudden the news will be very different . 
  die presse for instance has a very different attitude if you read the latest news there . 
  while they only have a judgemental tone in the opinion columns you can pretty clearly see on which side they are , and they are not on the side of just opening up borders without thinking . 
   watching the german ( and recently the austrian ) media and newspapers the picture that they try to paint is that hungary is inhumane and brutal with these people who are now unsafe in hungary and need to be `` rescued '' heroically by germany . 
  there is plenty of media which supports hungary here , do n't take der standard for all media . 
  the reason the dublin agreement was temporary put on hold was because what austria and germany wanted to avoid is people getting sick and aggressive due to being stranded on a train station . 
  germany will re-distribute those people around europe after their application has been accepted anyways . 
  i agree however that the complaining about the border fence is pointless because the because the whole point of schengen was that the borders are defended . 
  i wanted , and then you guys started throwing grenades again and our interest faded quite quickly . 
  i still want to go back to kiev but it does not seem to be the most family friendly place right now . 
  that picture was made in iraq . 
  how can you tell they are not ? 
  our politicians are stupid . 
   gaddafi who was responsible for lockerbie bombings and sponsoring terrorism across the world . 
  the solution to an abhorrent thing is not to to create a bigger one . 
  libya is a clusterfuck beyond comprehension . 
   that 's probably got something to do with it . 
  it 's the same story everywhere though . 
  pretty much all the camps are overcrowded including the ones in germany . 
   wrong . 
  most syrian refugees end up in lebanon that that i support ops argument , but clearly the discussion is about people who go to germany and not people who end up in the countries you listed . 
  insecure , 
  i find this quite interesting because reports here were that refugees want to go to austria because it 's so great here . 
  but after they passed through some refugees yesterday it became clear that given a choice , less than 0.5 % of refugees would stay in austria but move onwards to germany . 
  they checked documents at the border before the trains went on but not sure if they checked all . 
   austria is dependent on tourism and with the current economical situation , that sector is not exactly exploding incorrect , tourism is growing . 
  the main reason is non growing economy , pension age changes and immigration . 
   800.000 predicted to apply this year , most of them from the balkans , so far it 's only been 200.000 and an expected 55 % will be rejected . 
  current numbers are on page 7 : https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
  if you take the larger trend and you take national measurements there is a clear trend : http://derstandard.at/2000021556808/384-500-arbeitslose-im-august, 
  ah there we go . 
  can you imagine we had lowest unemployment until last year ? 
  now we 're behind the uk and there is no reversal in sight . 
  you mean why did they not force them to register ? 
  because there were all the sudden trains full of immigrants from hungary . 
  they did not have much choice . 
  they did not want to come to austria to begin with and the largest camp in vienna only holds 4000 people and it 's already overfilled to 8000 and more . 
  want to force dump the 3600 on top of it ? 
  that 's not going to work . 
  at this point , this is just pure uncontrolled chaos . 
  nogs and people in the streets now seem to be more useful than the government at dealing with this problem and police is starting to side with just giving in than enforcing a code . 
  they temporarily stayed in vienna but they did not intend on staying there for long . 
  ~ 3.650 refugees were counted in vienna but only 6 registered there , the rest borded the train to munich . 
  this is interesting because this was the first time from my understanding where they were not forced to register as asylum seekers in austria but were given the choice to move onwards . 
  german source for the numbers is here : http://derstandard.at/2000021546988/moeglicherweise-1000-fluechtlinge-am-westbahnhof-angekommen, 
  this time refugees were given a choice to move onwards and they did . 
  before that they were basically required to register in austria when caught by police . 
  source is here for instance : http://derstandard.at/2000021546988/moeglicherweise-1000-fluechtlinge-am-westbahnhof-angekommen, 
  and it 's hilarious . 
  they stopped a train now from hungary to austria . 
  at the border the austrian rail team took over and declare the train too crowded for safe travels . 
  but because police came , they now have people stuck at the border and some without documents . 
  must be fun to be stuck in an overcrowded train in the sun . 
   the uk is currently facing a legal challenge to an emergency exemption it granted , allowing use of two of the substances , after protests by the national farmers union . 
   but they are basically never in the news ( compared to those countries ) unless something horrible happens . 
  there is just nothing interesting happening here normally . 
   why does it take 1-2 years to process an asylum request ( even if they are from the balkan countries ) and why can they stay for months afterwards ? 
  it only takes that long for the balkans because they go through all instances with their rejection . 
  in austria the maximum is 6 months per instance so 1\u00a01/2 years . 
  syrians have their requests processed much quicker ( < 3 months ) . 
  the coloring is absolutes . 
  austria only has 8 million inhabitants . 
  because most of our investment is eastern europe and it 's not doing well recently . 
  one of our largest banks just dumped a entire state in austria into factual bankruptcy , most key indicators are going the wrong way and our gdp is not growing unlike most other european countries par finland . 
  why is it that always austria comes up with this topic ? 
  we are * once * on this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_kidnappings, 
  historical performance only . 
  the trend is bad and no reversal in sight . 
  austria is going down the drain . 
  putin has no reason to cry . 
   i have come 5 times in turkey . 
  we just raised it twice . 
  it 's now 19 eur / day per person ( about 570 a month ) and 95 eur / day for children ( about 2850 eur ) without parents . 
  the 5 person family would indirectly get 2850 eur a month at the moment ( 19 * 30 * 5 ) but only a small part is paid out to them ( 40 * 5 = 200 eur in total for all of them ) . 
  most payouts are directly to the organizations hosting them or vouchers for clothes etc. 
  i am wrong apparently . 
  since 2012 it 's no longer the case . 
  up to that point it was classified as `` sittenwidrig '' which means it was in violation of moral principles . 
  at least in austria the situation is still stupid because you are not required by law to pay for the service . 
  no dealership network makes it an absolute no starter . 
  which makes it a spanish company . 
  it does not matter who owns it in the end . 
  as i said , the same exists in many other companies . 
  telekom austria is majority held by a spanish business man but for all intents and purposes it 's an austrian company . 
   it is though . 
  seat , s.a. - s.a. is sociedad an\u00f3nima . 
  so not german . 
  by your logic telekom austria would be a mexican company .
