  the swiss stole our flower . 
  i do n't understand how austria is now lowest . 
  complaining is the national sport . 
  libertarians are free to make themselves a non state state . 
  for the rest of us their ideas do not hold merit . 
  utterly irrelevant . 
  when the tax man comes and finds traces of undeclared bitcoin addresses there is one more evidence of tax fraud or whatever else the problem is . 
   they can legislate as much as they want , it 's technically not possible . 
  this is not a problem of technology but policy . 
  there is no reason why they could not mandate that people report their bitcoin addresses to a tax authority or something similar and then you make non reporting bitcoin addresses a punishable act . 
  problem solved . 
  i think a lot of bitcoin people do not understand that this is not about technology but plain and simple laws  it 's also possible to hold number accounts that tax authorities do not know about . 
  hiding money was never a problem but that does not mean we do not share that information with authorities as much as we are required to as citizens . 
  how so ? 
  there is a lot of discussion currently about restricting the organization of demonstrations to citizens . 
  this is something that previously was not required . 
  you have to admit erdogan is a very efficient president . 
  not three days later and the country looks nothing like it did before . 
   but if i register a company as somebody suggested , i would qualify for all that , right ? 
  the question is : do you want to retire in russia / ukraine ? 
  because all your financial planning will start to build up on those countries and there is no way for you to take that out into europe without a massive loss . 
  generally if you work in russia ( i do n't know about ukraine ) you are entitled to the barebones social system but i would no depend on it too much . 
  the general agreed upon way of live here ( i happen to be in russia right now ) seems to be to put money into assets that you can sell later ( mostly flats ) when you need money and to keep a cushion for all the things you need . 
  in particular medical care can become expensive if you need something done at a private facility . 
   because i want to learn ukrainian and russian . 
  my idea is learning one of the two and then learn the other one . 
  bulgarian is close to russian too   it seems to me that getting a work/resident permit in russia is harder than in ukraine , but it 's an option too , yeah . 
  work permit in russia is not tremendously hard to get if you are skilled . 
  not harder than in ukraine from what i remember . 
  i did not apply for either but i looked at it a few years back . 
  you should be considering however in either case if you are willing to relocate to a country like that . 
  in particular there are some long term implications that work negatively for you . 
  in particular with regards to family if you plan on having one , pensions and medical coverage . 
  you can go to bulgaria and romania , why go yo ukraine ? 
   uber is charging a percentage from the driver and this money will not be subject to taxation in the country where the value added took place . 
  sure it is . 
  uber has local subsidiaries and they pay corporation tax . 
  it 's irrelevant though unless uber is actually going to make a profit which it right now is not . 
  case in point : here is the austrian subsidiary : http://www.karriere.at/standort/uber-austria, 
  that 's why i hope that we can trade some folks to lower the chance of that happening . 
  often because i take a taxi for company purposes so no receipt , nothing i can put on my books . 
   that 's the problem . 
  you did n't insist on getting a receipt , so the taxi drivers took advantage of you . 
  or i just take an uber and do n't get fucked over . 
  receipt comes by email automatically . 
  disputes are handled with uber and not the driver or a shady taxi company, 
  i dislike the tactics of uber as much as everybody else but discussions really are pointless if they are based on halftruths . 
   spoilers : they 're refusing to actually pay out the bounties when bugs are resolved incorrect : https://hackerone.com/uber, 
  all the money for the employees currently comes from american vcs . 
  also all of this is a bit irrelevant . 
  europeans are welcomed to make their own ubers but unfortunately the climate for companies here in comparison is abysmal . 
   the local taxi companies have all their employees locals . 
  the taxi company that builds their own local apps i want to see . 
  pretty sure the ones that have one bought the app from a service provider in bulgaria or romania . 
   regulatory tax dodging is still tax dodging . 
  this is the first time i heared that taxi regulations are used for tax purposes . 
  this normally goes via income tax . 
  is this different in hungary ? 
   these include a range of regulations from yearly car inspections from certified vendors to passenger/driver insurance ( which they have some limited version of in some countries but it is still not compliant with the state legislation ) , to income equipment inspections this has nothing to do with tax . 
   and ensuring they are connected to the national taxing agency ( do n't know what is the hungarian alternative or name ) . 
  anyone who operates a business is registered with the tax authorities . 
  so are private individuals . 
  not sure how this is related to uber . 
   it is ok that they dodge taxes because they are able to have a lower price ? 
  again , how is any of what uber does related to tax dodging ? 
  for a start uber has independent contractors so the tax liability is on those not on uber . 
  uber would have to pay corporate tax but as you are probably aware , uber has tremendous losses from all the subsidizing . 
   they are there to protect the customers in austria the rules for customer protection are independent from the taxi license . 
  a private driver has to follow the same customer protection laws as a taxi so does an uber in austria and i 'm pretty sure so does an uber in hungary . 
  uber is in conflict with the regulations not because of taxes or customer protection but because of the fact that you can rate drivers , customers as well as the fact that the price for the distance and time travelled is not regulated by the state but uber . 
  it 's effectively outlawed . 
  in theory someone could build it but it 's basically impossible to fulfil the requirements of the law . 
  it basically requires manual review which is why it only exists for museums and skiing areas . 
  sure . 
  they are doging taxi regulations but not to dodge tax but to rate drivers , customers and to have flexible rates . 
  come to austria  would gladly trade some of the folks that love your politicians for some hungarians that do not . 
  what does uber have to do with tax dodging ? 
  there are many things you can blame them for but certainly not tax dodging . 
  uber has no profits, 
  uber in budapest was great . 
  sad :(, 
  eapecially austria . 
  people are nuts here . 
  germany has at least some streetview . 
  austria has none . 
  austrians are too scared . 
  the austrian numbers can only be wrong . 
  it 's interesting how people in the various uk subreddits want the eu to crash and burn . 
  really hard to grasp . 
  as someone who rubs a small business in austria for two years now i can attest that things are better now than they were two years ago . 
  would definitely do it again . 
  that 's national health service registrations which means that is a gross number . 
  you never lose yours . 
  i 'm still registered with the nhs but i have not lived in the uk for a few years now . 
  you need to look at the net numbers instead :  net migration for eu citizens was estimated to be 184,0001 in ye december 2015 ( compared with 174,000 in ye december 2014 ) . 
  romania and bulgaria ( eu2 on this page ) had a net immigration of 62.000 . 
  bring back the non metric pound . 
  i want to pay in pence and farthings next time i 'm in the uk . 
  i love those things so much . 
  it 's so cool to drive from vienna to hungary for instance and to see all those huge turbines .
