  they do n't like it that half of the pupils in the local primary school are first generation austrians , even if they do n't have children or even grandchildren in school . 
  there is a very simple reason this is happening . 
  austria has had no proper stance on how immigration should work for the last twenty years or so and it has led to problems . 
  cultures are different and the concept of multiculturalism is eroding the culture that austria once had . 
  i 'm not saying that 's good or bad , but it 's happening . 
  change however is happening at a faster pace than politics ( and lots of old people ) are adjusting . 
  because the fpoe is providing a very simple answer : stop immigration people are being attracted by them . 
  it 's a problem of the established parties that they did not find a better answer to the question . 
  none of that however is related to liberalism . 
  that 's just a badly managed stance on immigration . 
  to be fair . 
  if you go by the trend the country is becoming more and more liberal . 
  a big reason the fp\u00d6 is getting so many votes is largely the fact that all established parties in austria are absolutely crap . 
  this is an issue for americans and not for europeans . 
  we really should not mix south their politics if we want the same from america . 
  i wonder why the regions of belarus are not named and do n't have proper colors on this map . 
  that makes me think you do n't understand why the union exists or you do n't agree with its core ideals . 
  why the hell would that be preferable ? 
  that would make no sense in the context of freedom of movement . 
   no , i 'm just asking why a swede should be able to vote vote in italy while a senegalese can not , for example . 
  i 'm austrian and i was not allowed to vote in austria because i am living in the uk . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  should i not be allowed to vote at all then ? 
  we would have gotten 160km/h if it was not for the stupid green party :p, 
  it 's very hard to become a citizen usually : * have legally lived in austria for 10 years or more ( there are relaxations for some ) * need to have high proficiency of german with official certificate * need to have a high income ( changes every where but it 's a reason many stay on a permanent residence card instead of becoming citizens ) * renounce your old citizenship as austria does not allow dual citizenship in most cases ( this also can be waived for various reasons ) * no criminal record and that does not count getting a permit to immigrate in the first place . 
  i know this problem all too well . 
  that said , if you are actually curious about the citizenship test : last time i was looking it was entirely made up on multiple choice questions about history and politics and there is test material available . 
  you can take the test 5 times . 
  in addition to that you need to proof proficiency in the german language . 
  there are multiple ways in which this can be accomplished . 
  ah yes . 
  the left is the new right . 
  austria 's leftwing movement recently attempted to block a legitimate and peaceful rightwing demonstration and police had to protect the right wingers . 
  when it escalated they started the rumor that the police beat up a pregnant women and that she lost her child . 
  does not matter that the story was wrong . 
  they translated it to ten different languages and got the austrian twittersphere to support them . 
  one of the austrian politicians even declared he wants to ban the right wing movement even though they were not at all unconstitutional ( at least not any more than any center right party ) . 
  it 's hilarious because they apparently were told they need humanitarian visas instead of business visas . 
  which is utter bullshit . 
  you know why ? 
  because they argued the other way last time : http://www.interpretermag.com/madonna-has-violated-visa-regulations/ such an arbitrary country . 
  source for the visas is the interview with the guy who organized their appearance at teleclub in yekaterinburg . 
  can try to find the link . 
  and it 's very frustrating for non european citizens as a result . 
  i would not want any more countries outside of schengen . 
  not everybody is in the eu . 
  / / edit : for the ones downvoting i really recommend travelling with people from visa regime countries . 
  it 's not fun . 
  unlikely to happen . 
  both countries need to carry the investment costs . 
  if they back out they lose money . 
   2 ) would n't this require the production to be raised , or are we already assuming there will be no more gas flowing to europe ? 
  they are opening a whole new gas field for this . 
  no way they are building a pipeline through all of central europe to send gas to china . 
  not efficient enough . 
  this is a completely new project . 
   this is a two pronged issue . 
  it was normal for european nations ( pre-euro ) to issue debt in marks , pounds , dollars , and yen . 
  a deflationary monetary policy would make their debt more expensive in their native currency , but it would also make their exports more competitive , allowing the economy to grow . 
  you should keep in mind though that before the euro many countries were not even given credit in the amounts they are given now . 
  the core issue is not the euro , the core issue is the spending that is going on in greece and other countries . 
  yes , this would not have exploded without the euro but mainly because greece had a shitty credit rating and nobody gave it any money . 
  now richer european nations are implicitly carrying the capital guarantees through the euro . 
  now however that greece and other countries already have ridiculous debt in euro they will never be able to pay it back if they change the currency . 
  they can only default on their debts . 
  define failure . 
  losing value ? 
  unlikely to happen on a giant scale because taxpayers keep the currency afloat . 
  it might not be be as strong as some wish but it will not completely fail . 
  i think what a lot of people are missing is that getting rid of the euro is not a solution because of all the euro based debt . 
  if a country adopts its own currency it still has a debt in euros or dollars . 
  it would have to issue its own bonds in a different currency than its own to attract buyers . 
  so : it 's very unlikely to happen . 
  there will be many attempts to rescue it with more debt before it fails . 
  and if it does completely fail it will tear down some other economies as well . 
  austria has conservative parties . 
  conservative parties get angry easily . 
  i did not find an english translation of the article but essentially the court ruled that showing a nazi/hitler salture for 20 seconds at a public event is not promotion of national socialism but just declaration of a person 's personal opinion and as such not forbidden . 
  not sure what to think about it , but living in a country where pretty much everything about national socialism is forbidden such a ruling seems odd . 
  at the same time , our verbotsgesetz which categorically disallows the display of swastikas and other things has caused more than one discussion about lack of freedom of expression . 
  let me guess . 
  translated movies only . 
  abortion rates from ~ 10 years ago : https://fullfact.org/sites/fullfact.org/files/abortion%20rates%20in%20european%20countries.png, 
  and in case anyone is still reading this story : the woman was never pregnant to begin with . 
  well done . 
  that sure gives them credibility . 
  you would never mix obscene into the word . 
  the police did not `` beat the shit out of her '' . 
  the woman was where demonstrators vandalized a storefront and when they forcefully attempted to arrest people she said she was pregnant and the police sent her to hospital where she was released with minor injuries . 
  when the antifa is involved protests have a tendency to escalate . 
  aside from all the other stuff that has alreadh been said :  nazis from all over europe were allowed to march in vienna the identitarian movement are not nazis as much as you or the antifa wants  they are not even exrremely right . 
  the only extreme view point they have is that they are against arbitrary immigration and multi culturalism . 
  they are dedicated against racism and there were people from different european countries ( less than 100 ) marching peacefully . 
  this includes peaceful negotiations with the police for the route they should take . 
  comparen that with the insanity of the antifa again . 
  this is the second time in recent history where the antifa escalated a protest . 
  this time the counter demonstration was three times the size of the normal one and theynforcefully attempted to stop the march . 
  this is not helping . 
  if you do n't like the right wingers then do n't become extreme yourself . 
  all these antifa supported demonstrations have a very extreme angle to them .
