  you would he paid the same if not more . 
  i do n't want to lower your pay , i just want to space it out more evenly . 
   annual gross salary eur 50,000 gross ( to employee ) , cost to employer ( eur 65,000 per year ) . 
  would this change if the payments were split differently ? 
  not arguing , just curious . 
  say you are a company with 10 employees and everybody gets 49.000 eur gross . 
  this gives the following structure over a year : 49.000 eur gross payment + 15.200 eur social insurance . 
  let 's say this would be paid each month . 
  makes an even payment per month of 53500 eur per month . 
  now take a 14 salary scheme . 
  first of all it 's now almost impossible to calculate without a lot of understanding of how it works ( because you need to pro-rate the 13th and 14th for incomplete years ) it comes down to a per employee case of 12 times 4591 eur for the regular payments + twice a year 4564 eur . 
  which means that in january for instance the company needs to pay 45910 eur in payroll however in december it needs to pay 91550 eur in payroll . 
  this means that regular revenue for many companies can not cover december and june/july . 
  as such a companies compensate that in two ways : a ) they save up money on a separate account over the year . 
  with an increased size of workforce that becomes really expensive because there are no interest payments and everything over a certain amount is uninsured . 
  secondly they try to keep salaries low because it reduces the one time effect of having to pay salaries twice . 
  every time december comes my anxiety levels go up . 
  i need to pay a shit down of taxes and i need to pay employees twice . 
  not a great feeling to have . 
   with the 13th and 14th salary the company is more flexible . 
  it 's not . 
  the 13th and 14th is demanded by collective bargaining now and you ca n't change anything about it . 
  i would kill it if i was given the choice as a business owner . 
   i got ta say that i do n't totally understand the process of reserving extra salaries for particular times of the year . 
  it 's a stupid process where everybody loses . 
  the employers because they have accrued liabilities and the employees because they need to wait for their extra money ( and they are actually paid less overall as well because of the extra cost associated with it ) . 
  the reason it happened is historic . 
  for business owners this was a bonus payment originally and did not have payroll taxes associated . 
  so it was a hack to give employees higher salaries without paying higher payroll taxes . 
  then payroll taxes were also added to the 13th and 14th and now it 's just a fucked up system . 
  sadly most people do n't realize how broken it is so we will live with this forever . 
  the 13/14 rule is stupid . 
  i pay salaries to employees and i can tell you for a fact that employees get smaller salaries over the year than if they would be paid 12 times . 
  the reason for this is that i need to keep that money around for those two times of the year when the company has twice the expenses . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  one might not but a few would be enough to uniquely identify a person . 
  this can be improved . 
  you could pay that online for instance . 
  you can . 
  it 's not even hard . 
  why do you think you ca n't regulate it ? 
  even cash and gold is regulated . 
  or i can just not worry about data usage , 
  that 's already without ads . 
  with ads it 's closer to 9 . 
  aaah . 
  sneaky . 
  source data appears to be this . 
   not as good as in the west , but sure as hell better than in the east enslaved by the ruskis . 
  you do n't need a top notch economy to live an ok life . 
  there is a range though . 
  east germany did well and was not a member of the ussr . 
  however even in the ussr any countries did better than tugoslavia economically . 
  that said , citizens had fewer freedoms . 
  dictators do n't scale and that is a known issue . 
  they also do not manage their succession well . 
  that said , even under tito the issues of yugoslavia were already visible . 
  the rwason unemployment did not seem to raise was that an enormous number of citizens escaped the country to work abroad . 
  that was a long time before the death of tito . 
  this works better if you are neutral though . 
  let 's ask the question the other way round . 
  what did yugoslavia gain from not aligning ? 
  it was weakened economically and that development fuelled internal conflicts about who can lead it into a better future . 
  do you really think that war would have happened with a well working and growing economy ? 
  people do n't tend to have conflicts if the economy is doing well . 
  does not look like . 
  that one shows unlimited data in austria for sub 30 so it must be different data than what 's used in that image . 
  / / edit : it 's missing unlimited data on voice plans . 
  so thta 's why . 
  it 's all relative . 
  austria has not a single provider that provides world wide roaming unlike the us or switzerland . 
  there are downsides everywhere . 
  even then sounds like super light use . 
  a single page load of the verge eats up 6mb of data . 
  how do you use that little ? 
  there are different types of unlimited . 
  truely unlimited is mostly data only for home use or tablets . 
  plans with voice do exist for unlimited but they are often fair use though not sure what that means in practice . 
  i oay 35 eur for unlimited data and i download 1tb plus a month with it . 
  you can get unlimited in austria for 30 . 
  so misleading this is for sure . 
  example : http://www.upc.at/produktpakete/upc-mobile-lte-unlimited/ i pay 30 eur for 30gb and unused data carries over . 
  so sitting on something like 80gb at the moment . 
  also includes roaming for europe and the us . 
  and what does that have to do with this ? 
  and how does that help ? 
  people already do that . 
  did you see the turnout ? 
  what else would you vote for ? 
  as someone with friends and family in russia this is a very negative general development . 
  why do they have to pay for a shitty government . 
  and still no visa free travel for russians :(, 
   how can he ? 
  he has no mandate to do anything and tpp is still unpopular in america , just as ttip and ceta are unpopular over here . 
  from everything i have seen so far it would be a massive mistake for the us not to push something like tpp through . 
  in particular since trump is so obsessed with china beating the us he might want to reconsider his stance on tpp since not ratifying will just further strengthen china . 
  sure , lots of things are not popular with the population but life is complicated and you ca n't just always do the easy populistic things . 
  it 's not the normal price . 
  the normal price is 110 eur . 
  the problem is that any flight involving hub airports direct does not have a big allotment for non connecting flights .
