  that 's causing issues because it means that a separate culture is developing along another one . 
  this has the chance to grow into a conflict . 
  i really wish turkey would improving in all areas so that turkish immigrants to austria would in some numbers return to the country they are from . 
  not because i do not want the here , but if people return they can improve their country and send a good signal to the next generation . 
  ukraine is not a country you need to ship food over because they do n't have . 
  ukraine is a sizable food producer . 
  the reason russia needs to send trucks is because there is no way to send stuff past the military to donezk ( intentionally ) . 
  the hope was that if the occupy the area the rebels will eventually surrender . 
  that 's not happening because support for them is ( allegedly ) provided by russia . 
  the most common is probably `` et cetera '' . 
   what does the plate read ? 
  `` in this house ... '' that 's all the extent of my german . 
  hier schreib er das bedeutende werk marksismus und [ die ] nationale frage '' translated : `` j. w. stalin lived in this house in january of 1913 . 
  here he wrote the significant work `` marxism and the national question '' . 
  a common greeting in austria is `` servus '' which literally means `` slave '' in latin . 
  it 's the leftover of the phrase `` i am your servant '' ( * servus tuus sum * or something , my latin is rusty ) . 
  we might not have lenin , but we do have a memorial for stalin : http://www.sozialistische-gedenkstaetten.de/a_austria/wien/stalin/stalin.shtml, 
   anyway do you or anyone else know if other then trough the eu paid aid are there any specific european militaries active in the conflict and those drops besides the americans because i think i saw an italian flag at some point but could be wrong . 
  i have no idea . 
  i thought that the only army active in iraq at the moment is the iraqi one . 
  to get an idea what it looks like , one of the austrian meps shot a video of the air bridge a few days ago : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ixk7i-6ovu, 
  just depends on where you look . 
  more than 2000 people died . 
  that 's not a good sign at all . 
   i 've created an account on vk to see why russians preffer that network instead of facebook . 
  * much much better mobile phone application . 
  * vk music < 3 * really good privacy control * good support for cyrillic and latin mixed * very good chat application * super speedy interface i mainly use facebook but i can understand why people like vk . 
  that 's years of `` inflationary money systems are so horrible '' speak do to you . 
  tito was a dictator but under him yugoslavia did very well . 
  it 's not ideal but usually if you try to replace a dictator what follows is madness because there is no system in place to support a democracy . 
   you 're literally told not to say lukashenko 's name out loud by whom ? 
   because the kgb ( yes , the kgb still exists in full form in belarus ) has eavesdrop equipment installed everywhere . 
  and russia has the fsb , germany has the bnd , netherlands the aivd . 
  i am pretty sure one of the reasons that the belarusians kept the name was a combination of the fact that there was no need to change the name or and that dzerzhinsky is a national hero of belarus . 
   it ai n't paradise , sweetheart . 
  nobody said anything about paradise . 
  it 's a police state with a dictator . 
  it is what it says on the tin . 
  that does not invalidate that it 's a stable country and doing well . 
  i think nobody knows why belarus is sanctioned . 
  even the media has a hard time spinning belarus into a horrible place . 
  it 's a stable country and it 's going the right way -- in its own way . 
  the latest joke is that belarus will become a mussels producer . 
  because one accident like chernobyl or fukushima and our country is gone . 
  i think the public transit in vienna is outstanding for a bunch of reasons : * subways run over night on weekends * even if the subways do not run , the nightlines are very good * you have 3g reception on all subway lines * year ticket is only 1eur per day * you are allowed to take the bikes into the subway lines i think in international comparison very little you can complain about . 
  on the other hand : cars in vienna is wtf . 
  you need to put a card into the card from the first minute of parking and there are no machines to sell them . 
  you need to run to the next subway station ( which are miles away ) or newspaper stands ( which close before the parking becomes free ) . 
   and not every subway , and none of tramway lines i use have a/c . 
  seriously fuck everything about it , and that in vienna , austria , the city with the highest quality of living on the whole planet !, 
  i hate it when i get sweaty on my way to work and then get to sit in that all day . 
  of course back home in budapest it is much , much worse . 
  wiener linien is adding more and more air condition to everything . 
  and if you pay 18 euro you can return the card and they refund you back the unspent amount . 
  so even if you only need it for less than a year the year ticket is worth it . 
  very happy with the public transport here . 
  much more common police car in austria is this one : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/polizei_vw-touran_02.jpg, 
  and i was hoping that with the european union this whole border thing would end . 
  i mean , i would not mind a bigger austria either but i vastly prefer peace . 
  there were theirs not but theirs to keep . 
  no memories of marburger blutsonntag ? 
  just place detach your island already and move it to the us , 
  modernize our bureaucracy and laws . 
  some things are just ridiculous in this day and age . 
  for instance we have the law for registering people ( meldegesetz ) but it was written before the wars and for less people . 
  in theory if you have non austrian friends over at your place for more than three days you are required to register them and unregister them when they leave . 
  the only exception to this rule have been austrians that are already registered elsewhere . 
  this all made a lot of sense before the days of mass tourism and when there were more austrians and not so many europeans . 
  nowadays i am pretty sure the vast majority of people are in violation of that law but it 's only ever enforced to deport people that committed crimes . 
  in regards to austria : i have no idea what the purple one means . 
  in any case neither of them apply because of how our law is structured . 
  we do not have the concept of a `` hate crime '' but a whole range of punishments against all kinds of things and those laws take no difference between straight or gay , 
  could be any large city in the habsburg monarchy . 
  those buildings look the same in many places in the czech republic , austria , hungary etc. 
  just get mentally prepared for some cultural shocks and learning italian . 
  things in europe ( and especially italy ) are different than in the us . 
  for instance you will have a lot more contact with police and state . 
  there is mandatory registration for instance which is something i know americans find bizarre . 
  i do n't know if learning italian is mandatory or not but usually immigrants are expected to learn it . 
  for instance in austria the permit of stay requires you to proof an aceptable level of german after two years . 
  he has not practices being an emperor and has not been educated for that either . 
   i agree with the plan of the schwarz-gelbe allianz party : bring back the empire as a constitutional monarchy . 
  we can always widen his powers afterwards . 
  so the good news is that austrian law is still based on what the habsburgs had ( abgb still mentionds kronl\u00e4nder ) . 
  the main issue is that there is a whole bunch of other law thrown on top that basically requires a democracy . 
  also , monarchy would cost a bunch of money which we currently do not have i think . 
  that would only work if you would still have proper contenders for the throne and the system that supports the monarchy . 
  austria is way down the road where a monarchy would never be possible any more . 
  those were the swiss . 
  but it would be something i could imagine the austrian army do . 
  they are not very capable . 
  to the top with you !, 
  i would say most favorite is probably lichtenstein . 
  we run their train services , we have the same problem with banks ... , 
  [ walkie talkie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20_fenchurch_street ) best building . 
  comes with built-in death ray . 
  you still get salaries . 
  austria is far down because of a bunch of reasons . 
  the biggest is that there are lots of people living on the country side where the internet is traditionally not very fast . 
  the second largest one is that austria 's phone infrastructure is quite good and lots of people are actually surfing off mobile internet and driving the average down .
