  yes . 
  in sweden ? 
  doubt it . 
  why would muslims in sweden have higher birthrates than muslims in austria ? 
   if 6 % of the population is responsible for 13 % of the newborn births , that shows that muslim birthrates are not comparable to non-muslims in austria . 
  where was it stated that birthrates of muslims in austria are comparable to non-muslims in austria ? 
  i have however no reason to believe that muslims in sweden would have significantly different birth rates to muslims in austria . 
  by what reason would there be a difference ? 
  because it will be impossible to find the numbers of child births per muslim mother in sweden as those numbers are not collected . 
  we can however look at the same population structure in austria and draw some conclusions from it . 
  namely that a muslim mother 's birth rate in austria is comparable to a swedish mother 's in sweden . 
  for holidays typically yes because it 's way cheaper than individual holidays . 
  austrian mothers have low birth rates and did since the late 80ies . 
  that is something that does not apply to sweden so not sure how this is relevant . 
  the plot is not very believable which makes it quite hard to watch . 
  pretty sure austrians chose croatia as top holiday destination but you can drive there by car and you do n't need to go through a travel agency . 
   what are the birthrates of muslims in sweden vs. non-muslims ? 
  are they both 1.9 children per woman ? 
  i doubt it . 
  given that muslims in austria appear to have a birth rate of 1.8 i assume it ca n't be that much off in sweden . 
   that 's 5.600.000 in 35 years clearly that number does not appear realistic given the fact that the very article linked here does not predict a population expansion that would support this premise . 
  also the rest of your comment does not get any more reasonable as birth rates in sweden is stable and not declining . 
   anything can happen many things can happen , but not everything . 
  in particular you presently have a non muslim population of 95 % which would be 9.3 million swedes . 
  given that the growth to 2050 is projected to result in a sweden with 12.4 million people it would mean that ( to reach 25 % ) every single person that is a net addition to the population would be muslim . 
  your numbers are so hilariously off from anything grounded in the real world which makes me wonder how you could even assume that ? 
  i do n't have any numbers either but i can guarantee you that you 're significantly off , 
   apparently everyone here makes 200k a year , the 30 % youth unemployment does n't exist and rents do n't cost up to 17 $ / m \u00b2 , good to know that you know so much more about this city . 
  there are youth without jobs because they are badly educated and largely because they contributed to that . 
  there will never be significantly more jobs for uneducated people again in austria . 
  the youth unemployment is not 30 % , it 's 10 % and with that one of the lowest in europe . 
  the reason rents are high in vienna is because people want to go there . 
  feel free to settle somewhere else or get a mortgage . 
   my gut tells me sweden will be around 25 % muslim by 2050 your gut is bad at population predictions and math . 
  yep . 
  that sounds like what i remember british people in prague and budapest to be like . 
   fp\u00d6 suggests the same approach months ago : boo !, 
  pretty sure most people that do n't want fpoe have issues with their general party program , not with their specific stance on the refugee proposals . 
  i like the coloring . 
  germany legalized it in 1969 and austria in 1971 . 
  map makes it look more significant due to the brackets chosen . 
  looks like it was removed for being local news . 
   not really . 
  if you look at the somali community in the netherlands , for example ( which pretty much all came during the 90s to the netherlands to flee the somali civil war ) , today 70 % ( !!!!! ), 
  is on welfare . 
  which even in that extreme example would indicate that 30 % work , no ? 
  it 's similar in austria . 
  there are not enough jobs for uneducated people ( or people with lack of language skills ) . 
  i think refugees have higher chance with apprenticeships and similar things than regular jobs . 
  not sure how `` that '' will do it . 
  the amount of jobs in austria not covered by `` kollektivvertrag '' are rare and often overcrowded . 
  i assume refugees do not typically fall in those , but instead try jobs that give them education in the process . 
  austria does not have a minimum wage . 
   more than 1 % got jobs in other countries ? 
  any source on that ? 
  in austria you are only allowed to work if you have a positive result . 
  currently we have 19.000 accepted refugees without work and 4.700 with a job . 
  source : http://derstandard.at/2000023092136/19-000-fluechtlinge-in-oesterreich-ohne-job, 
  these numbers ca n't be right . 
  that would be abysmal performance and out of what you see in other countries . 
  are there any numbers for asylum seekers allowed to work in sweden ? 
  how could any even get a job . 
  processing takes a year and if you are not decided on you are not allowed to work . 
  i wonder if your father understands that europe are many different states with different problems and different social systems . 
  fun fact : the percentage of gdp spending in the us for medicare , medicaid and state pensions are on a similar level to austria . 
  in austria it 's only allowed with a headset . 
  i assume a lot of this has to do with if marriage makes sense or not . 
  i assume quite a lot of people marry not because of family but because of other reasons . 
   well this map is for 1910 . 
  ah indeed . 
  that said , the current map does not look very different for austria : http://derstandard.at/2000008176108/anteil-unehelicher-geburten, 
  but that was a looong time ago . 
  i doubt that this ffecta the present times at all . 
  what is his policy ? 
  but they bring bikes . 
   danzig and memel in poland and lithuania , but they do n't use the german names for cities in kaliningrad . 
  kaliningrad is the official german name since 1946 as danzig and memel are still the official german name of gdansk and nemunas . 
   so why do n't use german names in konigsberg ? 
  because the city is called `` kaliningrad '' since 1946 ? 
  not sure what you are asking . 
  that map is using the german names of the cities . 
  i think this conversation went on long enough . 
  clearly you like to put a certain stamp on me ( `` stereotypical leftist '' ) without even considering ones positions . 
  maybe you will learn to see things more nuanced . 
   programs for what exactly ? 
  programs for dealing with individual problems ? 
   also , you are grouping european immigrants with african and mideastern immigrants . 
  i do not , hofer does . 
   you also rely solely on the economic argument - economics is not everything , culture is more important . 
  not even sure what to reply to that . 
  culture is a complicated topic and also entirely out of the discussion . 
  neither candidate dared to touch culture as topic ( other than maybe hofer who mentioned christian belief ) because austria has always been a multicultural country . 
   tell me how many people you have accepted in 2015 , and if you think that is a good thing for your society . 
  19000 positive asylum cases were accepted in 2015 . 
  we 're a country with 8.5 million people . 
  that number surely will kill us . 
   so to make people not commit crimes , instead of deporting them ( which you can ) , you give them taxpayer money ? 
  people commit crimes for different reasons and it 's hard to solve them all in one go . 
  a lot of them are caused by very complex root causes that take years to fix . 
   do you even realize that you are pretty much admitting that a large amount of these people are trash ?
