  germany 's eu trade is actually balanced . 
  it 's not a german company . 
  svery time i fly with finnair infead their booklet where stubb has a page in with some oppinion piece . 
  he seems like a cool fellow . 
  curry . 
  i think our largest minority at this point is turkish . 
  why are they a minority ? 
  because they did not have enough time yet to become a majority , 
  which isp does ssl stripping ? 
  none whatsoever . 
  if anything the crisis has shown that we need more central power and not less if the euro is there to stay . 
  i have not witnessed it in person but judging by the stories it 's a really neat concept . 
   a caff\u00e8 sospeso ( italian : suspended coffee ) or pending coffee is a cup of coffee paid for in advance as an anonymous act of charity . 
  the tradition began in the working-class caf\u00e9s of naples , where someone who had experienced good luck would order a sospeso , paying the price of two coffees but receiving and consuming only one . 
  a poor person enquiring later whether there was a sospeso available would then be served a coffee for free . 
   of course , there 's a decent chance this story is full of shit . 
  the story was recorded in the 13th century and the flag was re-adapted in the 19th century . 
  so , this could also be one of the oldest flags in use . 
  our 's is there since 1230 !, 
  the punchline obviously is : greeks !, 
  alternatively : a whole bunch of euro in cash . 
  austria hands out material to teachers for children aged 6-12 now . 
  it 's quite funny in a way : http://www.selbstlaut.org/_tcgi_images/selbstlaut/20121027204152_selbstlaut_gsi_web_korr.pdf ( comes in german and turkish ) encourages children to ask questions like : `` teacher , do you also make love and with whom ? 
  how is that relevant at all ? 
  what has the dollar to do with this ? 
  i can calculate a countries gdp in fantasy coins too . 
  i think this is largely because he danish industry did not respond . 
  i remember that austria started to certify their meat products for china and korea after it became clear that the situation would not improve . 
  poland started to produce cider because they had too many apples . 
  it forced soke movement into otherwise stale environments . 
  some german sources on the numbers can be found on der standard : http://derstandard.at/2000020158127-2000003155931/unbegleitete-minderjaehrige-fluechtlinge-user-fragen-eine-expertin-antwortet, 
  prague is lovely . 
  but the language would kill me for moving there . 
  surely you mean londonderry :p, 
  in vienna you do n't even have to eat austrian food . 
  there is plenty of international food around . 
  no schengen visa in the uk or ireland . 
  but the same problem applies to anyone not from the eu . 
  it just becomes more annoying the worse your passport is because of all the visas . 
  but inhave american friends living in ireland that want ireland to be part of schengen because of their limited travel time to schengen . 
  if they need to fo there for business they use up all the time for private travel too due to be 90/180 rule . 
  except that this is completely different for married couples where the married have different passports . 
  my wife can go anywhere within schengen but she ca n't gonto the uk or ireland without applying for a visa . 
  schengen is more than just lack of passport control . 
  so the other side of the coin is that facebook without real names becomes really useless . 
  i have a lot of troubles finding some friends of mine because they keep changing their names or have really unrelatable names . 
  inwish there was a way to set an alias for them like on steam . 
   yet libya under gaddafi was a corrupt , third world shithole . 
  from my understaning libya before gaddafi was probably not corrupt but definitely a lot less developed . 
  pretty much all the numbers and reports support the idea that gaddafi did well for the country overall even if he became a dictator in the process . 
  germany could easily devaluate a new currency if they want to . 
  international marriages/partnerships in europe without the eu rights would be a fucking nightmare . 
  vat is only paid by end consumer . 
  true , but i still need to charge it for a b2b transaction . 
  it 's just that the company can claim it back at the end of the quarter . 
  so say i invoice a company 1500 eur , i will have to add 20 % for a total of 1800 eur . 
  my customer needs to pay 1800 eur for this , 300 eur of which i send as taxes to the state . 
  at the end of the quarter my customer can get those 300 eur tax back from the state . 
  for many transactions ( like b2b service transactions ) this is entirely unnecessary . 
  * simplify our tax code ; maybe introduce an opt-in simplified tax code for new companies or private individuals . 
  * untangle our social security system to have fewer insurance companies . 
  especially i would reform the sva ( insurance for entrepreneurs and self employed ) for people that are employed and have another employment . 
  right now you need to have two insurances because of how the pension system is structured , that should be changed . 
  * move more competences from the 9 states to the country as a whole . 
  * make it easier to get a `` gewerbeschein '' in certain professions where it currently makes no sense to have them linked to specific requirements . 
  * remove vat for national b2b transactions . 
  i 'm sure there are more , but those are the ones that annoy me at least the most , 
   nobody in the uk wants to watch orf austrian expat will . 
   but you have to admit it would n't really be a good trade-off from the perspective of the uk license-fee payer . 
  i do n't understand how you consider that a trade ? 
  just leet me as an austrian , optionally pay the bbc fee from austria to watch iplayer content in austria . 
  or if i am in the uk and pay the fee , send me a login i can use when travelling to watch iplayer . 
  maybe we 're reading the comment differently . 
  i did not understand that / u/pwndbyautocorrect implied it would have to be free . 
   this is n't about sky , is it ? 
  it was in response to a comment about the bbc you are replying to a thread about geo blocking and sky uk . 
  to which someone said he 's afraid this might also apply to the bbc iplayer . 
  to which i replied that i hope it also affects state broadcasters . 
  nowhere did this discussion ever say that these services have to be free as this was clearly also not the case with the original complaint : the sky geoblocking . 
  i have no idea where the idea comes from that this has to be free . 
  apparently i lived in another uk than people here . 
  do n't worry , they are going to change it soon enough that everybody just has to pay regardless of if they watch tv or not . 
   why should 600 million people get the bbc broadcast for free because 60 million fund it ? 
  you 're talking about free again . 
  nobody here said anything about free . 
  right now you can not get iplayer * at all * outside of the uk regardless of if with ads or with paying . 
   i said if people want it then people should pay for it , then he implied it should be free the whole discussion started because of sky 's geoblocking and nobody said anything about sky having to be free . 
   in the uk if you have a tv you have to pay . 
  it 's the same in austria . 
  however when i 'm not in the uk i can not watch bbc and when i 'm not in austria i can not watch orf . 
  in this day and age that to me sounds like a very archaic concept ( let alone how we pay for it ) . 
  can i just pay for it and watch it from wherever i am ? 
   so lets make things clear , you think it is a good idea for people in the uk to fund the bbc only for others within the eu to get it for free ? 
  who said anything about providing the services for free ? 
   that 's austria 's problem not ours . 
  i do n't see why we should be made to suffer because of them . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you would suffer if the bbc would start offering it 's service europe wide . 
  surely it ca n't hurt if more people pay ? 
   so i just took a look at the waitrose website waitrose website ! = what waitrose stocks in store . 
  and you picked the store i finally went to * because * of it 's big cheese selection .
