  how exactly is it taken down ? 
  it 's on youtube on the original url and it has been posted to reddit multiple times even under this url and many more . 
  tinfoil hat much ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's a redirect to nordic.bi in sweden as well :(, 
  how much cheaper was uberpop to uberx ? 
  i used the latter in stockholm and it seems really cheap . 
  case in point : austria went from four networks to three . 
  while one of the networks ( three ) got better coverage in the process , prices went up throughout the industry despite promises that this would not happen . 
  you do n't need them to merge for that . 
  in austria for instance three roams on t-mobile if out of coverage . 
  what about austria ? 
  some people have pleasure driving cars . 
  if not for that i could just take a plane , train or public transportation . 
  manly, 
  north and south pole after all these years are indeed still cars !, 
  inspired by the other pyramid posts here . 
  [ mmm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mmm_ ( ponzi_scheme_company ) ) was the largest pyramid ponzi scheme in russia after the fall of the soviet union, 
  how did this never get demolished ? 
  it looks horrible and the internet suggests it was never used other than the box on the ground . 
  still looks pretty clean . 
  this is praterstern a few months back and that train station is 12 years old . 
  this one is even better . 
   the problem is , in europe there are similar `` lingering '' issues between many countries . 
  issues , which thanks to the eu usually remain buried . 
  nobody cares right now , but if one of the two countries in question would ever leave schengen shit would be on fire fast . 
  i wrote there for a few years . 
  then stopped when the nice people left . 
  came back a few days ago and earned a ban for this comment : https://twitter.com/mitsuhiko/status/846148853929783300, 
  `` beautiful view '' in italian . 
  post good articles and they are being upvoted . 
  this is a bad example for a post because it 's lacking the source and if you look for the german text which was translated it 's significantly longer and has a slightly different tone to it because it looks into the legal background of them as well . 
  good to see that greece and turkey are getting along . 
   the legal case for paying a dime is shaky at best maybe the legal case for the part from the structural funds and the financial framework . 
  the uk will have to settle , the question is just for how much and how it can do that . 
  generally `` legal case '' here is a bit a misnomer because that 's just not how bilateral relationships work . 
  whatever countries or blocks negotiate becomes the agreement . 
  for going to court the eu and the uk would have to agree to a jurisdiction first to settle the dispute . 
  seems like a risky bet because open bills alone come to 29 billion . 
   this sub is going to be quite upset when it comes to that # 52bn figure . . 
  this sub so far has adopted quite a balanced view of the situation as far as i can see . 
  i doubt that people will be upset about details of brexit . 
   the following is what will happen : we do not know what will happen . 
  we have some educated guesses but since nothing like brexit ever happened we can not predict what it will look like . 
  there are so many details that are yet to emerge that we just can not be sure for quite some time . 
   so if you make a contract with me to buy something , under napoleonic law that thing is yours as soon as the contract is complete ( i.e. 
  we both agreed to it ) , while under german law the thing does not becomes yours until i actually give it to you . 
  also works the other way round . 
  you posess an item when it 's given to you even if you did not pay for it yet . 
  only 4 % ? 
  lucky you . 
  you do n't want to see numbers from austria . 
  our foreign minister wants strong eu borders . 
  ca n't do that on our own though . 
  generally less safe than the countries that see jewish emigration . 
  i always find this surprising given the state israel is in but i guess there is something i 'm missing . 
  the austrian ones are a mess and they could actually safe some money by just giving them all a consistent design . 
  the customs union and the eurasian union are attempting to so the same . 
  the federal government of the us in many ways is too for the us as a whole . 
  sica is heading the same way in particular because they get their own schengen like setup . 
   this is one of the prototypical definitions of tax haven . 
  as such i find it curious that a country that at least until very recently was considered an `` offshore tax haven '' is apparently `` allergic to tax evasion '' . 
  the citizens are and they have been for a long time . 
  the end of the banking secrecy did not come from the politicians but from the population . 
  and to put the attitude to taxes into perspective : austria has one of the smallest shadow economies in europe which means that the * citizens * have a positive attitude towards paying taxes : http://www.econ.jku.at/members/schneider/files/publications/2015/shadeceurope31.pdf sadly what happens from the government is less than ideal . 
  but this was not a government poll but one of the population . 
   the same points are true for luxembourg . 
  it was still being used for evading taxes . 
  that you can hide money where nobody finds it does not make it legal however . 
  tax haven for me implies that there are low taxes to be paid in a country and there is absolutely nothing low tax in austria . 
  the only thing which is remotely low tax here is that you are only taxed on residence . 
   yes you do . 
  only 5 countries ( iirc ) in the eu do not have so called advanced tax rulings . 
  obviously you have those because otherwise you will have troubles getting transfer pricing agreed . 
  even the countries that do not have them will issue guidances in good faith . 
  however if you do know about constructs that would push the corporate tax rate in austria below the 25 % rate i would love to hear about that . 
  as far as i know we do not have any such cases . 
  there is a huge pressure from the public to reduce the amount of loopholes in the system and any such constructs going public would put a huge fire under the ass of politicians . 
  you are correct that there used to be a banking secrecy but that is a ) gone and b ) that did not mean you could evade your taxes legally . 
  we do n't have any tax deals with companies like ireland or others . 
   austria is still considered a tax haven . 
  so austrians are also allergic to their country ? 
  what makes austria a tax haven ? 
  navalny is not eligible so that 's not exactly refuting my original comment . 
  i agree it 's shitty that there is not real choice and i did not defend that . 
  maybe but i would say at least as far as austrian leaders are concerned this is probably the first time in years that austrians are not entirely unhappy with who leads the country . 
   any nameless person pursuing peaceful relations with the world would be far better . 
  true , but you ca n't elect any nameless person . 
  out of the people you can vote for putin is sadly the best choice . 
  i mean who are you realistically going to replace putin with ? 
  the choices are all abysmal . 
  austrians have an allergic reaction to tax dodging . 
  so the luxleaks made him very unpopular . 
  i found that one quite interesting because i would not have predicted some of the results . 
  the choice was between `` does the best for the country '' and `` someone else could do it better '' . 
  turns out lots of railway is a bad indicator . 
  austria still has way too many stops causing slow rail service . 
  now that there are more fast trains that do n't stop in every town people actually give a shit about trains again . 
  love how you manage to drag brexit into a discussion that has nothing to do with it . 
   first of all , austria will likely not use nuclear power in the foreseeable future .
