  the drivers are * not * employees in that case , they act as independent companies . 
  taxi regulation in austria is absolutely disgusting . 
  i have no idea how it is in belgium but i would love to see some competition for taxis here . 
  uber is paying taxes just fine . 
   why do you type in 2 languages ? 
  the quote is easily google-able . 
  why in russian ? 
  because that 's the origin of it . 
  this is / r/europe , other languages than engish showing up is not entirely uncommon . 
   you can usually call a taxi company in advance and they 'll send a cab to your location in most european countries . 
  is n't that exactly what uber does ? 
  correct , but that was never the problem . 
  the problem is private driver vs taxi . 
  there are private drivers and limo services and they are clearly not taxis . 
  however with uber the difference between a taxi service and a limo service is a very small one . 
  the uk has the best legislation there by separating cabs ( you hail ) and minicabs ( you prebook ) and it works very well . 
  i guess i should add that it depends on the jurisdiction of the country . 
  in the uk for instance there is a big difference between a cab and a minicab/uber . 
  one can be hailed the other must be prebooked . 
   what i do n't get is what the difference to a normal taxi service is and why they think they do n't have to comply with normal taxi regulations . 
  because they are not taxis . 
  a taxi is defined as a service you hail down . 
  uber operates like private hires just that they changed it so that you do n't have to phone them but that you can do it from your mobile phone . 
   that they never actually use it . 
  they do use it . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jan/14/secret-papers-royals-veto-bills aside from that their ownership of land gives them a lot of power to keep the status quo . 
   you have kings , queens , state churches etc. 
  the us does n't . 
  the only country with a queen or king with power is the uk and they are leaving  state churches are a bit of a problematic thing , i agree . 
  i am just pointing out why some people might want to leave before the uk leaves the eu because it will become much harder afterwards . 
  the united states did not start out as a religious country obviously as can be seen by the first amendment . 
  that however has very little to do with contemporary practice or lifestyle . 
  as an example the last president not sworn in on a bible was theodore roosevelt in 1901 . 
  yes , there was a ruling that creationism being taught at schools is unconstitutional but the fact that this was necessary in the first place is not a supporting sign that the us are not a religious country . 
  religious belief in the us is very high : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:religious_belief_in_usa-states.png as a comparison to europe : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_belief_in_god.png, 
   you just painted the whole us as a gun toting christian country , which makes you sound quite a bit ignorant yourself . 
  presidents are being sworn on on the bible , pretty much have to declare their religion , it 's one nation under god , creationism is a thing some schools are actually teaching . 
  i ca n't think of a single european country that does that ( at least i do n't know of one ) . 
  the freedom of movement is a european concept . 
  without that you need to adhere to the laws of the country you want to emigrate to . 
  for instance if the uk was not in the eu to immigrate into austria you need to * earn more then 2400 eur before taxes per month ( afaik , number gets adjusted each year ) * speak the german language at basic level and attend mandatory language courses * have a profession that is on the list of required professions or be married to a european citizen living in austria . 
   do land locked countries just not have boarder people how does it work in a common travel area like that ? 
  we used to be a schengen border for a long time . 
  since we have way too much politics here lately and the picture of tallinn got some positive feedback , figured i might submit something from other european cities , 
  these people have to apply for permanent stay . 
  you can not just randomly move between countries , no exceptions . 
  many are also entirely illegally staying because they overstay . 
   presumably you also have friends in parts of the world that are n't in the eu ? 
  we will all stay friends ... as someone in this situation : great fun . 
  if family outside the eu would fall sick i ca n't even help them because i 'm not legally allowed to stay in the country for more than three months . 
  awesome stuff . 
  doch had equivalents : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/yes_and_no#the_early_english_four-form_system, 
  feed translates to `` f\u00fcttern '' in german and not to `` fressen '' and it 's more commonly used as the act of giving food to someone or an animal than as a word for eatjng on your own . 
  the english word used to be `` fret '' but nobody uses it any more . 
  * doch * used to have an english equivalent : * yes * . 
  there was yay/ney/yes / no . 
  in german there is ja/nein/doch / nein . 
   german ( geschwister ) just because people started misusing the word . 
  nowadays geschwister means both but notice that there is no singular for the word . 
  we got rid of ours a few years ago and literally nothing changed besides all people now working at the police and with different uniforms . 
  oh god why . 
  austrians work close to the most in the union though per week with the exceptions . 
  maybe not workers though . 
  same with austria . 
  it 's not about tourists but people overstaying their visas . 
  many russian visas are rejected upon either entering the country or when applying for the visa . 
  not all of russia is moscow and spb . 
  there are many rural areas were people are very , very different . 
  getting a biometric passport is a lot easier than getting a visa ( and cheaper ) . 
  russia 's visa rejection rate is too high , to a large part because russians like to travel and the requirements for being issued a visa are high . 
  chicken and egg . 
  unless there will be exemptions if the rule for russia this will never happen . 
  russia is never going to happen :'(, 
  well , you say it 's not a problem , it is for programming . 
  because some systems will have switched time correctly others will not . 
  unless the systems were running in utc time it 's now impossible to reconciliate records from different systems properly . 
  oh fuck you . 
  does nobody care about computing systems ... 
  let me replace stand with fight . 
  sorry no . 
  a coup is pretty clearly defined and this is not one , as much as russian media would like that to be the case . 
  the only remotely illegitimate thing about this is the question if the parliament had the power to replace yanukovych but that actually plays zero role in this case . 
  how is it a coup ? 
  but regardless of what it is it 's about what happens next . 
  putting a label on it now is a little bit pointless is n't it ? 
  the ussr started out with a coup and did reasonably well for some time . 
  you do realize how the revolution went right ? 
  not having them in there would mean people would still stand on maidan . 
  you need to start somewhere . 
  this sort of thing is not unique to ukraine either . 
  it happens after revolutions . 
  give it time . 
  thankfully everybody becomes a final stage cancer patient at one point if not given care . 
  so i guess that 's good news then . 
  you might be dying of cancer , but at least you have free wifi . 
  hello , we 're sorry too . 
  maybe they will then stop pestering us about the hypo bank thing . 
  nothing hopefully . 
  the fewer languages the better . 
  can we get south tyrol back ?
