  i think facebook messenger is now bigger than whatsapp . 
  from personal experience it 's facebook messenger , then whatsapp and telegram . 
  probably russian and mandarin . 
  both are very useful from a business point of view because they have little overlap with english usage . 
  austria has no requirement to bail out one of its provinces . 
  carinthia can already not get credit . 
  so not sure what you are suggesting . 
   very few government entities have ever gone bankrupt . 
  but they will still . 
  loads of states in the us are for all intents and purposes bankrupt . 
  aside from that a city government defaults every year in the states . 
   you ca n't make guarantees if you do n't have the ability to honour those guarantees . 
  sure you can and they did . 
   what if the only reason some investors bought the bonds was the guarantee ? 
  then that 's the investor 's problem . 
   what 's done is done , they ca n't run away from it now . 
  not even a child is so irresponsible . 
  they absolutely can run away from it . 
  they can just default and the creditors get nothing . 
  people should not have bought these non bonds . 
  everybody was aware that the province ca n't possibly be a guarantor for these ridiculous amounts . 
  i think austria is quite clean to begin with . 
  i ca n't think of many places in austria that are dirty . 
  maybe some abandoned mining towns . 
  will be interesting to see what happens . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  they money they `` siphon '' is money the accrue locally and you get to keep a small part of it . 
  if they fall to independence/austria you lose the rest of the money . 
  autonomy is not a guarantee for success . 
  few ither parts of italy could pull this off successfully . 
  at most south tyrol , i.e. 
  they are just 500k people and are fine with the current situation : they are allowed to keep 90 % of their tax revenue , thing that permitted them to avoid a serious increase in unemployment . 
  it 's quite noticeable that italy plays less and less role in south tyrol at this point . 
  they are basically already independent . 
   how can there still be grass ? 
  usually chickens destroy grass within days . 
  unless it 's a really big area or very few chickens . 
  marketing shot . 
  grass is gone within days . 
  and yet you manage this : http://www.bbc.com/sport/winter-sports/35164700, 
  they photographed everything in austria too . 
  just that our people and politicians are afraid of everything new . 
  klagenfurt represent : http://www.panoramio.com/photo/109300529, 
  austrian navy for comparison : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/26/2010-07-20_0005_wien02_mexikoplatz_ex_oebh-patrouillenboot_niederoesterreich.jpg, 
  austria has a similar system . 
  if you use your bicycle to go to work you can assume 0,24 eur / km ( or 0,38 eur / km if more than 2km ) of compensation . 
  you could have your employer pay you that . 
   by not inviting two crucial countries in the west balkan route , greece and germany , austria is basically trolling ... 
  correction : this time . 
  there was a meeting a week earlier where greece was invited but it did not lead anywhere . 
  a debt is a debt is a debt . 
  not paying it makes it worse for all of us . 
  i 'm not interested to drag this further . 
  it is legal in all european countries . 
  that 's how the mortgage market works . 
  you basically just said that rent aboidance is such a big problem that the government will encourage getting an insurance . 
  great . 
  and i assume you do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  so your assumption is that he will never ever want international services again ? 
  there is really nonreason not to cancel the bills but a ton of reasons to cancel . 
  why are you so defensive about it ? 
  schufa uses international information . 
  i doubt other countries would not do the same . 
  so you are allowed to use your experience for germany but i am not ? 
  that 's bizarre . 
  but not one with a contract . 
   goddamn since when did a student become a dubai expat . 
  no one would give a flying shit . 
  credit check companies care a lot . 
   dude the landlord got the deposit . 
  the multi-billion dollar utility companies do n't give a rat 's ass . 
  they do . 
  in fact , they do very much . 
  unpaid phone bills for subsidized phones of students who fucked off to other countries have become such a huge problem in austria that you can not buy a phone as a foreigner any more unless you have lived here for some period of time . 
  this did not use to be the case but the collective shittiness of people has degraded it for everybody . 
   so my i ask why did n't you take an insurance ? 
  i have no idea how it is in france but `` mietausfallversicherungen '' in austria are borderline useless and ridiculously expensive . 
  i know nobody sane who uses them . 
  instead they just use a higher deposit . 
  citation needed . 
  because austria is not really afraid of dublin given that it can easily argue that all immigrants came from orher schengen states . 
  also at least one of the parties in the coalition already wanted to change that law months ago . 
  we would be but unfortunately someone decided to invite them all . 
  there are plenty of countries who would sign a `` enforce schengen borders '' policy . 
   and what happens to these people ? 
  how will austria keep them from entering the country ? 
  in practical terms because our politicians went to all other countries along the route and decided to enforce it at basically every country . 
  which also means that austrian police at this point is providing support in other countries to help out with that cause . 
  essentially though it means that the refugees will stockpile in greece and it becomes greece 's problem . 
   will there be orders to shoot unarmed civilians ? 
  you do not need to shoot civilians . 
  there are plenty of non lethal crowd control solutions . 
  as i said . 
  it 's a million down from peak which was in 2000 . 
  it did not fuether shrink recently due tonimmigration but rhat 's not a long term trend . 
  it 's definitely not . 
  it shrank by a good million from peak . 
  germany is also shrinking so you would expect this statistic to get better as time goes on . 
  oh the horror . 
  we might turn into slightly different people .
