  so prices surge fast . 
  that would happen to any airline using muc as a hub . 
  i wonder if trump pulls through with it though . 
  i feel like once he talks to the right people his opinion on it might change . 
  lot ? 
  but that wo n't be cheaper . 
  lufthansa/lot mixed costs 110 eur round trip . 
  that 's pretty low for a direct flight involving muc . 
  for short distance flights nobody flies lufthansa . 
  for that there is germanwings and eurowings . 
  direct flight to fra and muc is impossible to pay for . 
  any hub direct flight has that issue . 
  so what would you fly other than lufthansa ? 
   what 's so great about lufthansa ? 
  best flights via hub . 
  for instance vie -  fra -  sfo has an express shuttle service with integrated passport control . 
  they manage < 50min transfer time . 
  compare that to vie -  lhr -  sfo with united where you need to queue for a ticket in lhr after making it through the terminal transfer . 
  i was stranded there once without a seat because they overbooked the connecting flight and another time i missed the connecting flight because the security took too long between t3 and t5 . 
   so people that are genuinely concerned about the change in their countries are racists by default ? 
  no , people who make racist remarks are racist . 
  you can have a party that is concerned about the change in the country without being racist . 
  as an example of that you can look at oevp in austria which is a party which tries to do big changes to the immigration system without being racist however it does not manage to appeal to the masses against the right wing fpoe party which does have some very questionable members and ideas . 
  absolutely . 
  however if you do n't make that association you could imagine a different country than there actually is , 
  the numbers for austria are super misleading . 
  they use the numbers of how much value per capita is produced and not how much people earn . 
  that means that places like burgenland and lower austria which are so close to vienna look like being at a huge disadvantage but this is largely based on the fact that companies register in vienna . 
  the actual average household income of austrians is a lot closer together . 
  / / edit : this is disposable income per capita ( post tax , pension contributions , social security ) : http://i.imgur.com/dz7xis4.png, 
  but is it ? 
  it looks a bit like the problem of the tragedy of the commons to me . 
  but is it ? 
  it looks a bit like the problem of the tragedy of the commons to me . 
  austria is so free if bribery , no point in reporting !, 
  it 's not that it 's dirty . 
  the architecture i disagree with . 
  that 's not ugly -- it 's vintage . 
  [ sure ? 
  same in vienna . 
  should get a prize for that . 
  the stations are huge . 
  easy to walk around people . 
  interesting . 
  did not know that . 
  do you have some references for that ? 
  i 'm curious because i never realized that ireland has that position . 
  because of ryanair ? 
  austria 's approach is now to propose to build two useless powerlines to bavaria to prove to the eu that the problem is not the connection to austria . 
  that 's not actually correct . 
  the actual underlying issue is very complex and is actualky not between austria and germany but northern and southn parts of germany . 
  essentially to supply bavaria with energy electricity flows out of the country and comes back via czechia and some others . 
  because it works like insurance . 
  cost is tok high for the individuals using it but if you split it across the entire population it becomes a solvable problem . 
  i checked german which has `` completely comfortable '' ( though the connotation is a bit stronger than comfortable , see here for words that translate to it : http://www.dict.cc/?s=vollkommen ) the same and russian has '' \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u044c\u044e \u043a\u043e\u043c\u0444\u043e\u0440\u0442\u043d\u043e '' which is totally comfortable . 
  french has `` tout \u00e0 fait \u00e0 l'aise '' which sounds a lot less strong . 
   they did the same in slovak it 's similar in german . 
  10 is `` w\u00fcrde mich vollkommen wohlf\u00fchlen '' which literally translates to `` i would feel absolutely comfortable '' . 
  they are generally a failed state now that it 's a headless chicken . 
   where `` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 '' is supposed to be equivalent to `` comfortable '' . 
  the english one says `` completely comfortable '' and the german says the same in german . 
  the questions are differently though ? 
  they are just patrolling the continuous zone which is perfectly legal for them to do . 
  you know you can deposit cash . 
  also what job do you do that you get paid in cash ? 
  that sounds super dodgy . 
   i use cash all the time and still a must for daily life . 
  only to release the shopping carts though :p, 
  i do not see how that contradicts what i said . 
  it even explicitly limits this to the mandates of the parties involved . 
  the italians do not want to keep police or military on board : they want to be able to enter the boat . 
  you can absolutely have armed forces on a red cross vessel temporarily . 
  by msf would not be armed ? 
  so why would the red cross care . 
  how so ? 
  good . 
  because that law is crap . 
  it completely destroys the point of the single market . 
   strange that they would use a synthetic voice for that . 
  they use a combination of prerecorded sound bites and a custom synthesized voice ( from the same speaker ) . 
  you can hear the announcements here : http://diepresse.com/home/panorama/oesterreich/4879348/chris-lohner_die-oebb-bekommen-ihre-stimme-zurueck first sound bite is a recording second one is the synthesized voice . 
  completely garbled . 
  you hear artefacts from the synthesization process . 
  it 's because the oebb system can only pronounce german and english names . 
  we have a local train that goes between meidling and znojmo < -  payerbach-reichenau . 
  when it announces znojmo it completely fails . 
  the town that is amazingly badly pronounced by austrian 's oebb 's automatic train announcement system . 
  i wish i had a recording . 
  yeah . 
  fuck those puns . 
  sure . 
  that 's why they have canvas bags . 
  my local billa stops people from using small plastic bags though . 
   you get at the checkout but people now just take 3 or 4 of the small plastic bags meant for fruits and vegetables and just stick all of their groceries in them after checkout . 
  that might be a local phenomenon . 
  you ca n't do that at the stores around me . 
  in austria you ca n't buy plastic bags any more . 
  it 's canvas or paper now . 
   so , yeah , treating animals decently has the same effect of washing them in chlorine . 
  doubtful .
