   do they force a change of names of people who 's names swap gender ? 
  like kimberley used to be a guys name iirc i am not sure how it works in germany but there is a good chance that you can not name your child kimberly hecause it does not uniquely identify th gender . 
  you can give them a second name . 
  like kimberly anna mueller or kimberly samuel mueller . 
  they are a tiny , tiny part of the population and suffer from plenty other problems anyways . 
  parents could not judge how a child wants to identify until way later in the process and then they can still give him or her a nick . 
  peiple do n't like to be taken for a other gender , especially esrly on in their lives when other children start making jokes about them . 
  so i find that rule reasonable . 
  which part ? 
  i think it 's a good law because children ca n't change their name . 
  so they are stuck with it . 
  i bet this is also the reason the uk numbers are this high . 
  true but in german you need a pronoun . 
  in french the adjectives get adjusted to the gender . 
  probably less of an issue in france given how much gender plays a role in the grammar . 
  it 's very hard to mistake a person for a different gender in colloquial speech . 
  it 's the same in germany and to a lesser extend in austria . 
  also the first name must be clearly identifying the gender . 
  it would be interesting if this would be set in relation to places you actually want to visit . 
  for instance visa free access to russia , austrialia , eu or the united states is significantly more valuable than visa free access to burkina faso . 
  as an example the israeli passport ranks quite badly but is one of the best when it comes to places many people would want to go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_israeli_citizens even better if you are from chile : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_chilean_citizens, 
  austria and germany have no streetview because ... reasons . 
  that 's one of the few reasons to use the train over a plane . 
  does not make much sense to get rid of that advantage . 
   you totally fail to understand what the eu is for and that is is not supposed to give companies unfair advantages for tax avoidance . 
  you are starting to realize maybe why certain countries in the eu want a fiscal transfer . 
  however this is not an example of tax avoidance to begin with because the eu revenue of facebook is taxed ... in ireland . 
   should the uk pull out of the eu , it is interesting to see what would happen to such `` fictional losses '' . 
  not much unless the uk wants to make it illegal for european companies to sell services into the uk . 
  and if that happens , i think it 's the uks loss more than the eus . 
  i find this entire thread bizarre because on the one hand you seem halfway competent to discuss business related terms , and yet you fail to completely understand how business operate in the european union . 
   if it is profit making , should n't the profit be linked to the location of the business activity that generates it ? 
  not in the eu , no . 
  it 's one of the four core principles of it . 
  again : the uk office has nothing to do with the facebook business that generates revenue from eu citizens . 
  that 's the irish one . 
  i already explained that before . 
  if you do not understand this basic principle then i really see no value in continuing this discussion . 
  in case someone is curious what an office complex in a 100 people town looks like : https://www.google.at/maps/@53.2878061,10.8730545,340m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en, 
  if you do jot have a car then yes . 
  taxi is more expensive than a flight . 
  every evening in the last few weeks it has been 90 minutes plus at the extremes . 
  it 's already 45 minutes in the afternoon . 
  it 's 10 in the morning ( not a travel time ) and right now the delays are 30 minutes already . 
  yeah , but that 's because you were probably flying some specialised route form a budget airline . 
  they are hard to compare with other things . 
  the alternative was a train here . 
  flying graz to brussels via munich is 3 hours one way , 3:30 the other and the roundtrip ticket costs 230 eur . 
  a one way train ticket for graz -  brussels already costs you 200 eur and takes 14 hours . 
  so train never wins there . 
  grz < -  muc is 120 eur both ways . 
  that 's comparable to the non existing train . 
  for many distances in austria . 
  like graz -  munich you 're an idiot not to fly . 
  the border is absolutely insane at the moment . 
  it 's faster to fly than to take a car now and trains are only for asylum seekers at this point . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  that 's not how the eu works . 
  the only tax that is local is vat . 
  facebook 's revenue is b2b and as such reverse charged across border and vat free . 
  it does not matter where the customer is , in the eu you can sell a service from one member state into another . 
  there is never any obligation to tax anything in another member state than the kne where you have your business . 
  facebook 's main business in the eu is in ireland . 
  what the uk office does is independe mnt of that . 
  that reply does not even make sense . 
  i assume you are not familiar with how internal subcontracting works . 
  the advertising business of facebook in europe is done by facebook ireland . 
   but the point being that if there is revenue coming from uk operations most likely that `` revenue '' is the parent company paying the invoices the uk office sends there for the cost of their workforce . 
  the revenue is basically what the company costs . 
  what profit generating day business does facebook uk do in your mind ? 
   but it seems like they still are basing some operations in britain yes , they have a few developers and business people there in their office . 
  but i doubt they have customer facing stuff there . 
  the revenue of the company is probably from the mothership for work performed for it . 
   why would fb not want to be based in the uk ( serious question ) ? 
  the more interesting question is why would it pick the uk over ireland ? 
  ireland works for facebook , they have been there since they started operating in europe and they like it there . 
  no reason to move . 
   yep , and the subbies would be fully liable for tax in the uk . 
  what about `` does not make a profit '' is not clear to you ? 
   if you have no other operation in the uk . 
  what is an operation ? 
  then they will call the business `` development services llc '' and just work as subcontractors . 
   seriously # 4500 tax and # 35m in bonuses smells and warrants a thorough investigation . 
  i do n't see how bonuses are related to either tax or profit . 
   the problem with not having subsidiaries within the eu for eu companies ( or eu divisions of companies ) is that it means companies can pay tax through what are in effect relative tax havens ( ireland in this case ) . 
  facebook has subsidiaries for their european operations in the eu : in ireland . 
  facebook ireland is also great in dodging taxes btw , and i would direct the anger at their operations , but not at the uk as this is definitely the wrong place to do it . 
   the solution being to have similar , or the same , corporate tax rate across the eu , removing the incentive for companies to do this . 
  that does not help here either because this issue is that you want the tax to go to the uk . 
  however facebook does not want to be based in the uk to begin with . 
  the office in the uk exists for local engineering , not for the main business part . 
   if the office is so unprofitable should n't it be closed ? 
  and then how do you employ the people in the uk ? 
  the only reason for this office to exist is the ability to hire local talent . 
   my point . 
  if you are advertising a uk only product to uk residents , should n't the advertising revenue be uk based ? 
  the point of the european union is that you do not have to do this . 
  imagine you would have to have a local subsidiary to provide service to british customers . 
  that might work for de and uk as large countries , but this would totally wreck small european country as services would no longer be available . 
  nobody is going to open a facebook office in austria or slovakia given the size of the countries .
