  inspectors have deliberately focused initially on the buildings whose cladding posed most concern . 
  mr javid sought in his statement to give some reassurance about the implications of the tests . 
  he wrote : `` it is important to stress that cladding itself is not dangerous , but it is important that the right type is used . '' cladding has been fitted to 1960s and 1970s tower blocks to solve long-standing problems with damp and poor energy-efficiency that have blighted many since they were first put up . 
  even buildings with relatively flammable cladding can be safe in fires if there are appropriate fire breaks between sections , to ensure any fire remains localised in one flat . 
  however , the revelation that all the cladding samples tested so far failed to meet the required standards will raise significant questions about how well safety standards in british social housing have been maintained . 
  `` we should not be in the position where buildings have such cladding on them , '' mr javid wrote . 
  `` how this occurred -- and preventing this from happening again -- is likely to be a key question for the public inquiry . '', 
  it 's an academic title . 
  austrians are absolutely in love with titles and that goes to absurd degrees . 
  you have them on your insurance documents , passports and id cards . 
  when you 're at a doctor they even call patients with their full academic title into the room . 
  sometimes i hate this country . 
  [ maria musterfrau ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/personalausweis_austria.jpg/1280px-personalausweis_austria.jpg ), 
  i would take a bigger pay over public holidays . 
  we also have way too many anyways in my opinion . 
  it depends on which part of the country you live in . 
  but the fire alarm in austria is less important . 
  buildings are smaller and the building code a lot stricter . 
  that building would not be legal here . 
  it 's not like they could not travel before . 
  also finding the job was never the issue , getting a permit is . 
  makes no difference for finding a job but it requires less paperwork for residency permits . 
  unlikely . 
  the fees three has to pay now are lower than before . 
  lucky for ukrainians : austria has no such requirements . 
  irrelevant . 
  austrians still want to be neutral if you ask them now . 
  austria wants to be neutral . 
  the track record of the interventions that america had after ww2 are abysmal . 
  i ca n't remember a single case where a war they were involved with ended in a way where the country ended up in a better situation than before . 
  the amount of ill-will the world has against america at this point alone should be reason enough to at least consider a path forward which does not involve the us army . 
  we do not know the effects because we do not know how other nations respond . 
  it 's not particularly absurd to propose however given what american military activities did in recent years . 
  it would at the very least ease tensions with russia . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think this is something we gnerally can not estimate the effects of but i would be willing to try . 
  give it time . 
  big changes always take a bit . 
  it seems pretty absurd to assume that there would be a war where those bases are . 
  one could just as well make an argument that removing those bases could help peace in europe because it removes an element of aggression . 
  i think it would be a nice experiment to see what happens if we just get rid of them all . 
  us states can not make trade deals either . 
   to understand austria , visit the karl-marx-hof . 
  this vast municipal housing complex in vienna is still riddled with bullet holes -- not from fighting between russians and germans in 1945 , but from a little-known civil war in 1934 , when austrian leftists and conservatives took up arms against each other . 
  after the second world war , the country adopted a political system designed to prevent this from ever happening again : the social democrats ( sp\u00d6 ) and the christian democrats ( \u00d6vp ) would rule together and divvy up public offices under a system known as proporz . 
   for 43 of the past 72 years the two parties have run austria jointly , in grand coalitions . 
  their networks politicise everything from school boards and business groups to social clubs and unions . 
  the result is a uniquely corporatist country . 
   today , however , that system is breaking up . 
  other parties -- first the far-right fp\u00d6 , then the greens , then the liberal neos -- have challenged the old duopoly . 
  both the sp\u00d6 and the \u00d6vp have lost members . 
  economic stress adds to the pressure . 
  a decade ago austrian unemployment was a little over half that of germany ; now it is 50 % higher . 
  on may 10th reinhold mitterlehner , the \u00d6vp vice-chancellor , resigned and brought down the dysfunctional sp\u00d6-led grand coalition . 
  elections will take place on october 15th . 
  `` what is happening in this country ? '' marvelled profil , a news magazine : `` austria is unrecognisable , and redefining itself breathtakingly fast . '' at the heart of the drama is sebastian kurz , austria 's 30-year-old foreign minister , its most popular politician and the \u00d6vp 's new candidate for chancellor . 
  in one sense , he is a product of the old-fashioned associational system , having soared through his party 's ranks as head of its youth organisation . 
  he turned this from a stagnant backwater into a dynamic network of local groups , putting on parties , pub nights , bike rides and various other opportunities for teenagers and 20-somethings to get it on with one another . 
  in 2013 his youthful , liberal base , centred on vienna , propelled him to the post of foreign minister . 
  he then won over the party 's right-wingers by taking a tough stance on immigration . 
   yet mr kurz is also determined to break austria 's old political architecture . 
  he accepted his party 's crown only after its bosses had agreed to several demands . 
  these include the freedom to transform the \u00d6vp into a list of candidates , pick names for that list , bypass its powerful state bosses and formal interest groups ( known as b\u00fcnde ) and set its policies . 
  having soared in the polls ( see chart ) , he is now trying to persuade prominent figures in neos , the greens and civil society to join his list . 
  though his manifesto is a closely-guarded secret , insiders hint at liberalisations of austria 's schools , labour market and transfer payments . 
  `` taking money in taxes and paying it straight back in subsidies is wrong , '' mr kurz argues . 
  christian kern , the sp\u00d6 leader and current chancellor , is more defensive of the old model : `` it made austria strong '' , he says . 
  he suggests that mr kurz is more image than substance , and doubts whether he can escape the old \u00d6vp structures . 
  but like his rival , mr kern is a businesslike type who reckons austria 's paternalist model is dying . 
  `` in the past it ran from cradle to grave : you would spend your free time in the alpine club , at work you would be a member of an sp\u00d6 or \u00d6vp trade union , from the nurseries to the emergency services everything was parcelled up . 
  these connections have dissolved dramatically . '' mr kern 's response is what he calls plan a , a package of liberalising economic reforms and infrastructure investments . 
   will mr kern or mr kurz succeed in remaking the system ? 
  critics accuse the former of being a game-player whose grand plans amount to little . 
  and they accuse the latter of merely rebranding the \u00d6vp . 
  ( important tests include whether he omits unimpressive \u00d6vp placeholders from his list , whether he can persuade his party to support gay marriage and whether he can stand up to the teachers ' bund in support of education reform . ), 
  of the two , mr kurz is the most ambitious . 
  but the real barrier will probably be that of coalition formation . 
  messrs kurz and kern may agree , largely , on what is wrong with austria , but after ten years of grand coalition their parties hate each other . 
  both would like to form a government with neos and the greens , but the numbers look unpromising . 
  that leaves the fp\u00d6 , with which both the \u00d6vp and sp\u00d6 govern at state level and with which both are willing to form a federal government in october , well aware of the diplomatic opprobrium this would attract . 
   both of austria 's prospective leaders accept that the country 's political system is breaking up . 
  the problem is that , unless polls shift , whoever wins will probably be saddled with a government too weak to allow a thorough programme of reforms . 
  austrian society is evolving . 
  but whether its politics can keep up is uncertain . 
   actually starting 2018 in january . 
  not that far behind . 
  only 14 years behind most western eu countries . 
  austria is low because people study a lot longer and used to retire early . 
  i would say / r/austria is left leaning , always complaining but a generally okay sub . 
  could be worse . 
  i wish we had more people from the liberal and right political spectrum to balance it out a bit . 
  austria never had neo-liberal politics . 
  austria just has a history of really shitty politics and corruption in different colors . 
  i kinda doubt that fpoe would cause a bigger damage in that regard than our old parties . 
   i hate how more than half of the people here are stupid , xenophobic and ignorant sure , but they are that way with our without fpoe in power . 
  so that seems like a non sequitur . 
  i would be curious to hear what you think will happen if oevp and fpoe become a coalition . 
  more frustratingly that continues like that . 
  food in germany is cheaper than in austria . 
   django is his nickname and the whole line is the german title of django unchained no , it 's not django unchained but the old django movie which was popular in austria .
