  it 's the worst . 
  binge drinking happens because people go there after work and then need to be hammered by the time they leave . 
  fun fact : historically those towns were somtimes referred to as `` wischegrad '' in german which is hilarious in a way because `` wischegrad '' literally translates to `` level of mopping/brushing '' . 
   [ ... ] here 's a link to the ipsos-mori poll in question which shows jeremy corbyn at -3 net satisfaction ? 
  that 's oncorrect insofar as germany deports few people and gives other a `` duldung '' entitlement . 
  til . 
   yes , at the expense of higher nox and other emissions ( particles are also a problem ) at the expense of nox and nano particles . 
  the latter is a mostly solved problem for many years with exhaust filters and the former is a solved problem with def . 
  the issue is not that vw ca n't make engines that do not emit them over legal limits but that they decided to emit them intentionally when they thought nobody noticed . 
  why ? 
  less def consumption , more milage before you need to clean filters most likely . 
  why do you ask me ? 
  the study on the numbers is circulating around and the only numbers that are significantly out of line are nox . 
  at the end of the day i think it 's quite pointless to discuss `` what if / did they do '' at this point because i am pretty damn sure that this is just the start of a big unveiling of a general problem in the industry . 
  it 's well known among car enthusiasts that the uk , germany and france were always trying to force less strict regulations for all emissions , i 'm pretty sure those governments were lobbied by car manufacturers . 
   we have known it was shitty but now it turns out the amount of pollution being spewed is way worse than we imagined . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  you can build clean diesel engines where clean is within the parameters of what 's legally possible . 
  i assume the reason they did not is because they did not want to invest into def early enough and when the finally did , they wanted to optimize the use of it so that customers do not have to refill because that would have been seen as a disadvantage to petrol . 
  do n't think any country taxes based on nox . 
   i do n't quite see the basis for a lawsuit , also given that serbia was first to ban all goods and cargo vehicles from croatia . 
  any discrimination is the basis for a lawsuit , croatia could also have sued . 
  however there is a big difference between carrying goods and cargo vehicles ( which is mostly just a violation of trade agreements ) and banning all individuals to cross a border . 
   also , at what international court would the lawsuit take place ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i have no idea , you can probably google it . 
  association agreement with the eu at the very least . 
  well , for one the uk and ireland would probably be in schengen . 
   over 100 poles from mariupol why would poles need asylum in poland ? 
   there might be engineering problems with s21 in the future , but so far , they 're doing just fine - all problems were purely political . 
  the project is already delayed by two years , the costs are already 50 % higher than at the beginning of the construction phase and 150 % over the original estimate . 
  so while it 's not an engineering problem it still qualifies as a problematic infrastructure project . 
   look at an austrian and a german patting themselves on the back . 
  who is patting whom on the back here ? 
  to begin with an austrian would never pat a german on the back . 
  yeah , i think german engineering is still fine . 
  german infrastructure projects however ? 
  if you consider it with the pictures from the war it 's nice to see that they also fixed up a lot of other things around the bridge . 
  different measurements . 
  both are correct in their own way . 
  he is a clown :(, 
  does that mean there are no trains from hungary to serbia now ? 
  it was a ridiculous comparison and utterly inappropriate . 
  a country like austria especially should be very careful with comparisons like that . 
  fayman just wanted his few minutes of fame . 
  doubt it . 
  at least not before whining about how all of this is europe 's fault . 
   it will be interesting what austria does next . 
  since faymann could play big boy the last few weeks and criticise hungary in ever escalating ways , he now has the ability to show how it 's done . 
  ( unfortunately he 's the most spineless of politicians so he will just start complaining now how that is everybody 's but austrias fault ), 
  die presse tries to be centrist . 
   then why say `` i agree for future refugees '' if you do n't actually want to deport future refugees ? 
  because the whole goal would be that future refugees do not come through the current channels to the eu but legal ones with applications outside the borders . 
  this is also what the uk currently advocates for . 
  but you can not apply that rule retroactively . 
   why should they be given citizenship at all ... 
  citizenship eligibility is independent of asylum . 
  you are eligible after 10 years if you speak german and pass the immigration test . 
   diplomacy requires all countries have something to gain , but several eu countries ( like the uk or estonia ) have nothing to gain by accepting these quotas . 
  but they have a lot to lose . 
  namely schengen and the eu could fall because of this . 
  that 's what diplomacy exists for . 
  i do n't believe that denying asylum is the right thing to do . 
  that opens up a worm of cans you do n't want to open . 
  die presse for instance . 
  all editorials have been on the side of it becoming a problem because it advertises the country and making the situation worse . 
   so what are the traveling rules for accepted refugees ? 
  the same as for any person that has a schengen permit : you can stay up to three months in the schengen area outside of your own country if you have documents with you . 
  but they are basically locked into austria for 10 years . 
   unless schengen is ended , all these people will `` re-distribute '' themselves back to germany . 
  that still makes it illegal and something police can deal with . 
  it 's not individuals that are the problem but the mob . 
  and first priority is to manage the mob , then you can deal with the rest when it 's calm . 
   after your application has been accepted , you 're a eu citizen and can move where ever you want withing schengen . . no ? 
  you only become a eu citizen after becoming a citizen of a european country . 
  in austria that takes you 10 years of residency . 
  and what is that ? 
  as far as i know all the ones who entered australia before the date of the start of their boat thing were able to apply there . 
  krone is like the sun . 
  they are saying whatever the hell is popular opinion at that time of the day . 
   though given that austria is in schengen , it has limited options as it ca n't really close the border with hungary the border is not even the problem here . 
  the refugees were not allowed across the border according to the schengen agreements in the first place as they did not have valid visas . 
  so schengen is actually not the problem here . 
  the reason they were allowed to pass temporarily without documents was the fear that thing would get really sour . 
  the uk have their own immigrant crisis , but most people do n't see it because the migrants are stranded on the mainland . 
   i think all asylum seekers who make their way to europe across sea and land by dangerous boats and so forth should be returned to refugee camps around syria . 
  [ ... ] anything else just encourages even more people to make dangerous and expensive journeys . 
  surely this is a mistake ? 
  i agree for future refugees , i do not agree we should send the ones here back . 
  the cost of doing so is very high and it will cause a ton of unrest . 
   lol just like germany accepted distribution of refugees from italy and greece over the last few decades . 
  there were not even requests for resettlement until recently . 
  look at the global unhcr resettlement numbers from 2013 : http://www.unhcr.org/52693bd09.html, 
  and what do you want to do with the ones already here ? 
  that 's a separate problem , likewise is the war in syria as such . 
  if you move the registration centers to syria then you will have just the same number of people coming , just less money to smugglers . 
  but you still need to deal with them once they are here . 
  it seems like people here sometimes forget that not just an asylum seeker costs money , but an accepted refugee does just as much . 
  they will have to . 
  the only alternative is to just not accept asylum seekers at all and that will be hard to argue for .
