  and while we 're at it ... 
  like always , austria basically does not exist . 
  someone should do a marketing campaign there . 
  this is just sad . 
  svoboda is one of many . 
  the country needs elections , badly . 
  i was already wondering when someone would bring up \u0434\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0449\u0438\u043d\u0430 . 
  well . 
  it 's pravda . 
  maybe we should submit more sun articles here to compensate . 
  keep in mind that nabucco 's plans predate the iraq war . 
  he said , linking to a page with mogilevich on the fbi 's list `` of the ten most wanted fugitives '' . 
  pretty sure it 's not just the lowest for more than a decade but the lowest ever . 
  the new ruble was only introduced in 1998 as a replacement for the old ruble after russia defaulted on their debts . 
  works here for me but someone was claiming on twitter this morning that rostelecom in spb blocked off the whole site . 
  not sure if correct though . 
  i thought he was held on request of the fbi . 
  in that case i doubt austria will even have any say in that . 
  please keep them . 
   the fact that things are so expensive in london ( and also elsewhere in the uk ) , does not really seem to be a deterrent for people . 
  everyone knows that the uk is overpriced , and yet people still chose to cross europe to live there . 
  so i do n't really see any solutions to the question of high-price-uk . 
  i know quite a few people ( me included ) that went to the uk for work but would never ever settle there . 
  i wonder if that will show up in 20 years time or so . 
   this kind of shows why your orginal argument , that mandatory travel will show people the benefit of the eu , is not going to work in countries like uk , germany , netherlands , france . 
  i think it still works . 
  i 'm austrian for instance , but without the benefits of the eu my life would have looked very differently . 
  i would not have just managed to work from one day to the other in the uk for instance . 
  i know how hard the uk immigration laws are these days because my girlfriend is not in the same lucky situation as i am , where you can just go there and just start working . 
   there are already small countries that are n't that already have easy travel arrangements with much of the world , e.g. 
  switzerland , norway , singapore , south korea , new zealand . 
  all of those countries are very wealthy . 
  obviously the uk , germany , the netherlands , france etc. 
  would not have a problem leaving the eu . 
  but they would drag all other countries down in the process . 
   but we ca n't even decide whether we want to use seatbelts or not i really hope that 's sarcasm . 
   but that was n't very hard before the eu either . 
  * strongly * depends on the country and time . 
  try being polish 20 years ago or romanian even a few years ago . 
  and if someone is going to bring up the argument now , that before the world wars that was so easy , even there it depended on the country . 
  within the austro-hungarian empire for instance you could freely travel , but not so much into other places . 
   going between sweden and norway illustrates quite nicely that if there 's a will to make travel easy you have to realize that without the european union each country needs to have relationships to each other to allow that . 
  given the huge number of countries in this world , that means if you 're a small country your citizens are severely limited . 
  do you want to go back to those days ? 
  were no longer there . 
  try travelling to russia or doing business with there . 
  today . 
  great fun . 
  or marrying an american girl . 
  you do realize lichtenstein is in the eea ? 
  three european union makes it easy to meet people from other countries , bond and even consider working in another eu country . 
  people find live in other countries , work , friends and they do n't have to fill out even a single paper ( for the basics ) . 
  i am in love with this concept . 
  austria produces almost exclusively green energy ( the only non green energy is gas and coal ) but that does not mean much because we need to import double the energy we produce and the green energies we have , do n't work well enough for peak consumption . 
  it 's a bit of a weird game anyways . 
  many of the water reservoirs just buy cheap nuclear power and pump up water and then later sell `` green '' energy to their customers . 
  i got to the conclusion that the only way to convince people of the european union is to show them what the lack of it is . 
   doing what ? 
  by promoting openness and transparency ? 
  do n't ask me what the requirements are . 
  but a few years ago [ the start of the process was announced ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-11-894_en.pdf ) and last week [ it was suspended ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2014/03/06/eu-suspends-talks-on-visa-free-travel-with-russia-and-threatens-further-/ ) . 
  in other words : process with russia was started in 2011 . 
  with the ukraine just now . 
   everybody ? 
  russia is one of hardest countries to enter and ukraine has visa-free entry for eu citizens . 
  tell me about it . 
  that said , it does not matter how hard you make it for someone to enter your country in regards to how easy it is for your own citizens . 
  from what i gather the main complexity about visa free travel is automated data exchange and a bunch of extra things ( insurance ? ) . 
  russia is trying to get visa free travel to the schengen area for quite a while . 
  who would have thought that ukrainians will get visa free travel to the schengen area before russia . 
   i expect he will argue for asylum on political grounds and argue that he would get an unfair trial in the us . 
  this has nothing to do with being a stateless person . 
  that will be quite hard to do since he 's arriving from an already secure third country ( russia ) . 
  i do n't think he can apply for an asylum on political grounds . 
  ( though i guess that depends on the country . 
  germany and austria are out . 
  google for `` safe third country rule '' ) . 
  so how exactly is he going to apply for stay then ? 
  renouncing your citizenship does not require your country 's permission . 
  / / edit :  a de facto stateless person is someone who is outside the country of his or her nationality and is unable or , for valid reasons , unwilling to avail himself or herself of the protection of that country . 
  [ 2 ] this can be a result of persecution or a consequence of lack of diplomatic relations between the state of nationality and the state of residence . 
  you need to apply as a stateless citizen if you do n't have a way to present a passport . 
  that 's a very simplistic way of looking at present day geopolitics . 
  temporary stay is not temporary citizenship . 
  snowden would have to apply as a stateless person for visas when going to a european country as his country of origin revoked his passport . 
  he 's not russian . 
  that is correct : https://twitter.com/rt_com/status/441611953828421632/photo/1, 
  that makes no sense . 
  the combined import and export for belarus to russia or the other way around was 47 billion usd in 2012 according to wikipedia which would rank it higher than the us , japan and the ukraine in this graph . 
  that seems incomplete ? 
  where is kazakhstan or belarus for instance ? 
  ( or is the customs union just categorically declared not export/import ? ), 
  if ukraine associates with the eu and russia continues its course then ukrainians week have to leave crimea sooner or later or there week be practical problems with borders at one point . 
  i wonder what this would mean for the future of the country . 
  if ukraine tries to associate with the european union that might have ridiculous consequences for the future . 
  i do n't think there is a conspiracy here . 
  rt is constantly banned by different subreddits and at one point it just means that it gets into the spam filter . 
  i have seen similar things happening in other subreddits . 
  i do n't know . 
  dating is fine line to walk .
