  who cares . 
  krone/kleine ( whoever made that advert ) should just should the fuck up and not try to badmouth turkey not matter what . 
  age of consent is 14 give or take in austria . 
  it 's a banner run bei krone or kleine . 
  definitely not the airport . 
  mean to californian wine . 
  any bank will exchange them . 
   efta ( switzerland ) is different efta negotiates trade deals however switzerland has their own which i suppose is rooted in the fact that they are not eea members . 
  does not change the underlying situation however . 
   so if this quota system were to go through , it would automatically apply to eea states as well ( with them having no say ) that is incorrect . 
  first of all you are mixing things here badly which makes this discussion really hard . 
  what applies to eea efta countries is not defined by the eu but by a process : http://www.efta.int/eea/eea-agreement/eea-basic-features#13 since neither you or me are familiar with eu law i 'm pretty sure neither of us can answer the question how changes to the refugee policy would affect efta states . 
   while for the uk it does not due to the opt-out as i said which however is an opt-out the uk has on prior negotiations with the eu . 
  when the uk leaves and joins efta it will not have an opt-out which again makes it uninteresting in this discussion . 
  the fear that norway has is that if the uk joins efta there will be tough renegotiations about the entire efta project in which norway can lose . 
  switzerland is less concerned because switzerland is a very special member within efta . 
  i am very well aware of the situation of the discussion in question . 
  however you brought this up in the context of the efta which i think is not useful for a handful of reasons : * we do not know what happens because so far not even the eu members have consensus to these changes . 
  in particular there is no way this is going to pass with the visegrad countries * if even the eu members most likely will not agree to this , then efta has to fear even less you make it sound like there is some mystical organization that puts laws and rules over the member states without the member states having a say . 
  it would be more interesting to compare something that actually happened in which norway would have a reason to see the uk as a partner that would positively influence something that it ca n't do without it . 
  so far nothing has been decided on the refugee quotas so not sure how the uk has an opt-out of something that has not happened . 
   the uk of course has negotiated an opt-out from this , and could just stick with dublin 2 . 
  pretty sure that the uk and ireland are signatories to dublin iii . 
  true , but that particular oddity is why norway is currently the `` strongest '' efta member despite being smaller than switzerland . 
  switzerland does not negotiate trade deals through the efta for instance . 
  iceland would probably welcome someone else given that norway runs the show largely . 
   a liechtensteiner minister once said that they never had problems in the efta due to their size efta was reduced to 4 countries . 
  when efta was larger it had very much an eu style to it . 
  austria for instance was very happy to have left efta . 
  the efta today is not the efta that was there when it was 8 countries ( not counting liechtenstein and finland who joined late ) . 
  liechtenstein never saw a large efta as it joined when most countries left it . 
   having a bigger country as a negotiating partner would probably help our bargaining position . 
  i actually really have doubts about this purely from the pov that the more countries join efta the higher the chance that efta will play a more significant role and that custom cut deals are a thing of the past . 
  the more countries in efta the harder it becomes for smaller countries to get their will across . 
  in particular once the uk is in there , norway will no longer have the role it has today . 
  so this is incorrect ? 
  afaik you are not allowed to have employees work on a sunday . 
  but you will soon , 
  you need to go with something . 
  i went with that . 
   do you have anything to back up that claim ? 
  just me investigating this topic before . 
  it 's a natural consequence of some of the rules and regulations that are in places in countries that restrict sunday shopping . 
  those typically permit it around tourism areas or near airports and train stations . 
  as a result the larger the city the higher the chance to encounter open stores on sundays . 
  capitals are typically among the largest cities . 
   sp\u00e4tis vienna does not even have those :(, 
  i lived in other countries where you could shop on sundays and it makes no sense to me . 
  in fact : i have never met a person who moved to austria or germany and said that they prefer stores to be closed on sundays . 
  as a married man with a little child : fuck sundays in austria . 
  everything is overrun and stores are closed . 
  we take time off and move work to the weekend for this very reason . 
  i did !, 
  not sure about other countries but in austria it 's a combination of these : * christian country `` sunday is holy '' * women are still considered to be housewifes / part time workers , sunday shopping is not as missed since someone can shop during working time . 
  * considered to be a worker protection thing for those who work in stores, 
  i took espoo 's ikea for finland . 
  google said it 's 20 minutes by car which is not much different to how long it takes you to get to any london ikea from a flat in london :d, 
  that 's precisely why i picked the capitals of the countries . 
  however your point is moot because there is no ikea open anywhere in germany on a sunday . 
   you could have looked for normal sunday work regulations though , ikea stores might have different policies . 
  the point was not to look at regulations but how it works in practice . 
  i also checked some general shopping malls . 
  the rules and regulations are pointless to compare because they are too complex . 
  most european countries have some regulation for sunday opening times . 
  they go from very lax to very strict . 
  typically they are most lax in capitals . 
  however of the countries in red here none of the rules that would permit a store to open on a sunday apply : * norway : only stores < 100 sqm floor space can open * austria : only grocery stores and bookstores on train stations are allowed to open ( or stores in tourist areas during tourist months ) * german/belgium : do not know the rules , but probably similar to austria * switzerland : different everywhere however ikea does not fall into any of the rules that would permit it . 
  generally strict however there are * some * shopping centers that are open on sundays . 
  made this after someone in / r/wien claimed that most countries in europe do not have sunday shopping in capitals . 
  i looked this up directly on the ikea websites . 
  special notes on some : * switzerland : assumed bern as capital but it does not matter , nowhere in switzerland there is an ikea that opens on sundays * serbia : store will open in 2017 * slovenia : store will open in 2018, 
  [ works for me ] ( https://www.google.at/search?q=lederhosen+madl&amp;tbm=isch ), 
  tradition meets the 21st century . 
  also the camera angle of those selfies is way cooler as a memory . 
  how is slovenia least visted ? 
  everybody go goes to croatia by car from the north needs to go through it ( and pay for the vignette :d ) . 
  he 's a populist politician . 
  he will push inquiries for people to win points . 
  nobody else would bring that in . 
  he 's an airline mechanic . 
  do you really believe he believes in chemtrails ? 
  he said himself in interviews he does not . 
  better attack him on actual issues than this crap . 
  only strengthens him . 
  by what metric is portgual safer than austria ? 
  he does not believe in chemtrails . 
   this is the village where i was born ( like 40 houses ? 
  ) , we had a railroad station there once . 
  when was it closed ? 
  i like how you can still see where the train went . 
  you can do that too . 
  so they are subsidized :p, 
  then that one should become czestochowa , 
  do we ? 
  i have not seen bruenn written on a map or street sign ever i think . 
  / / edit : apparently google maps calls it bruenn indeed . 
  then take laibach -  ljubljana as an example instead . 
  why forgot ? 
  the historical name is no longer used in german . 
  same for bruenn which is now brno and some others .
