  that would explain a lot because many pensioners in austria are living in homes for the elderly or have caretakers and the vast majority of their income goes into these services , only very little remains for themselves as disposable income . 
  austria is doing terrible bt that does not mean all countries are . 
   do hospitals/doctors in austria give you a bill when you are insured ? 
  i think that would be great to have some transparency and make people aware of the cost of healthcare . 
  depends on the insurance carrier . 
  i am sva insured and they send me the cost at the end of the quarter . 
  it 's because sva is the insurance for entrepreneurs and generally people who have companies and works differently than insurances for employed ones . 
  we have to carry 10 % or 20 % of our cost but it is deducted from out taxes . 
   starting in 2014 , every person in the u.s. must have minimum health coverage or an exemption -- otherwise they may pay a fee on their federal tax return - healthcare.gov as i mentioned there are exemptions if you do not earn enough . 
   i 'm not disagreeing with your point , but no one ever pays that quoted cost . 
  you pay a percentage of it . 
  i can tell you that a friend of mine gave birth where the cost she had to pay for her delivery and tests ( just the 20 % deductible ) was more than the total cost it would cost to have a birth if you are uninsured here . 
  ignoring the fact that the birth of my son was completely covered by the state insurance . 
  also it 's not illegal to not have insurance in the us . 
  first of all obama care is not implemented in all states and if you are too poor you do not need to insure yourself . 
  there is a gap between medicaid and mandatory insurance . 
  none of the european healthcare models make any sense in the context of the united states because everything just works differently . 
  we do n't just pay higher taxes for healthcare but for general governmental services . 
  this includes pensions , healthcare , sick pay , maternity leaves , road maintenance etc. 
  as an austrian : yes our taxes are high and they are partially used for crappy purposes but overall our infrastructure is in great shape , people here do not have to beg on the streets , they will not die because they can not pay for hospital and generally you need to worry about a lot less than you do in the states . 
  is it worth it ? 
   if you have had experience with universal healthcare and the current united states healthcare system , how would you compare them ? 
  the us healthcare system is fucked . 
  the cost hospitals quote you are insane because they try to recoup the costs of the uninsured through the insured . 
  makes absolutely no sense . 
  there are certainly some things where hospitals in the us are better than over here , but my private insurance i add on top of my state insurance ( covers travelling , improved service etc. ), 
  would fly me to the us for treatment if needed . 
  in ausyria remaining silent can indicate admission of guilt so i would not fo that if you are innocent . 
   i feel that there 's a chance that belarus might become another ukraine . 
  from what i saw so far , belarusians have no intention to create another ukraine . 
  they rather have a authoritarian state than a failed one . 
  my guess is that this developed a life on its own . 
  there are so many russians who would do anything to harm turkey now independently of what russia as the state does . 
  which part exactly ? 
  because this does look pretty bad . 
  how exactly is that hilarious ? 
  op is hungarian and it 's maffia in hungary . 
  i 'm actually quite impressed with the russian post lately . 
  stuff arrives , passes customs and the website is new too , 
   the danish post wants you to send economy letters the austrian post is doing the same but it 's a new letter category . 
  the regular letter still has the same price and behavior but there is a cheaper option now . 
  presumably they are going to jack up the prices on the rest gradually over time . 
  i 'm aware how diesel engines work . 
  however i am also aware how how petrol engines work and i can tell you that unless se go zero emission the discussion is very pointless with regards to which engine type kills us more . 
  but a lot less co2 and the amount of paeticles they emit is very low . 
  i know in light of vw discussons about diesel on rhe internet are one sided but there is plenty of reason to go with a diesel in general . 
  not on modern diesels . 
  this is how it is communicated . 
  because of the fear if an attack they started to di spot checks at the border crossing with translators . 
  can not reproduce : http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=tesla,+bmw&amp;geo=no, 
   well , the supply of credit would be much lower , hence the subprime bubble , if it even existed , would be much smaller . 
  that 's possible , but we probably would have seen breakage in other parts . 
  i think it 's very hard to say what would or would not have happened under a completely different monetary model . 
  the same thing happened in austria . 
   it 's not hard to notice that some crisises we had could we avoided if we were using gold standard , such as the recent 2008 meltdown elaborate please . 
  because correct me if i 'm wrong , but we largely came out of this due to qe which would not have worked with the gold standard . 
  represent . 
  it will not pass . 
  yeah no . 
  there is a damn good reason we are no longer using the gold standard . 
  why is it that if too much time passes people magically forget why certain decisions were made ? 
  it 's not like it 's impossible to read wikipedia . 
  we have the same . 
  you can send a letter there : pa christkindl ; christkindlweg 6 ; 4411 christkindl ; austria, 
   on the other hand , when an austrian company like holzindustrie schweighofer uses the local corruption to its advantage to completely cut down entire forests , the austrian authorities are silent . 
  what exactly do you want the authorities to do ? 
  they are not responsible for prosecuting foreign subsidiaries , especially not on the basis of youtube videos . 
  if there will be a case made against schweighofer then something will happen . 
  from what i understand there is nothing concrete . 
   the eu fight against corruption is only talk . 
  the americans are taking action . 
  does austria have anything like the american `` foreign corrupt practices act '' ? 
  austria does : https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/geltendefassung.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;gesetzesnummer=20000108 you take one example and compare it against one other example . 
  not exactly a scientific discussion . 
  i have no numbers for either the us or austria but i 'm pretty sure both countries are working against corruption in some areas and are probably not doing enough in others . 
  it feels to me this is more a case of romanians blaming local corruption on others . 
  great . 
  we still get the bad reputation . 
  are you sure the difference is not just different taxation ? 
  why do they sell it more expensively ? 
  got some number on that ? 
  i just love that fucking tunnel . 
   really ? 
  i mean the thousands of people who went protesting in vienna , day in and out . 
  the ridicilous light concert on the heldenplatz \u201e voices for refugees `` where the `` die totenhosen '' frontman campino basically called everyone who wanted to control the refugee influx a nazi . 
  last time i checked that was organized by individuals / ngos and not our government . 
   there would not be any refugees in slovenia if refugees could not get to germany and austria and were not promised safe heaven there . 
  where exactly did austria promise a safe heaven ? 
  citations needed . 
   but if austria let them leave to germany and other country ( and it happened ) then is breaking the international law . 
  it is not , and that has been discussed to death already . 
  let alone that it could not be practically enforced . 
  the only place where you could enforce border controls is at the actual schengen borders, 
   we actually did . 
  if you mean `` refugees welcome '' then that 's individuals . 
   well i dunno . 
  refugees do not want to be in slovenia . 
  they are only there because they want to get to austria and germany . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  they will be redistributed if they want or not .
