  you try to gauge the other person , try to judge his or her interests , send signals . 
  at the same time you might have misjudged the other side . 
   i welcome arguments that bring new information into the discussion but flooding this thread with dismissal of the problem is not really the way . 
  dismissal of the study \u2260 dismissal of the problem, 
  an incorrect study is doing damage . 
  i have very , very strong doubts in any of those numbers . 
   so could we please discuss this in a civil manner instead of just looking for excuses ? 
  what 's there to discuss that 's new ? 
  the only thing this study showed that there are apparently ( perceived ? ), 
  differences in different countries about the issue . 
  the whole topic in total is [ not new ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/violence_against_women ) . 
  sounds like a very questionable study . 
  section c in the [ pdf ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-at-a-glance_en_0.pdf ) for instance mentions `` inappropriate invitations to go out on a date '' as a case for sexual harassment . 
   how about we tell them to face the russian cutting power themselves or go f. . . themselves ? 
  we 'll need energy independance and quickly if things continue that way . 
  saving polar bear and radioactivity baseless fears are good and nice at peace but we ca n't exactly risk the entire infrastructure and a blackout/brownout causing thousands of deaths just for their green bullshit . 
  i 'm all for more nuclear power but the core issue is that it 's so financially risky that companies do fuck all to factor in accidents or cleanup . 
  the only way nuclear power will get less dangerous or less of a problem for future generations is when we put more funding behind development of new technologies and by finding a way to finance those damn things . 
  both chernobyl and fukushima are not just a problem for nature , they are a huge financial burden for many , many years . 
  maybe we should lease sevastopol on crimea . 
  geopolitics always become more fun if austrians are involved . 
  what a shame . 
  leftover . 
  i think two ships in the danube . 
  what a strong contrast to the frontpage of rt right now . 
  i wonder what the outcome of this is going to be . 
  there is good financial support for students and the family support payments to your parents . 
  do n't get me wrong , austria is doing quite well , but we 're cheating with the numbers . 
  for at least one year for instance job seekers that were on ams paid education courses were not counted as unemployed . 
  the tuition is laughably low . 
  that 's because being a student is free and you do n't show up as unemployed . 
  wishful much ? 
  i 'm currently living in the uk so that would not even cause me a problem , 
  this makes me incredibly happy . 
  jftr : burning of country flags in germany can get you into prison for 3 years . 
  to be honest , all of the pictures and videos currently look like non lethal ammunition . 
  i wish the ukrainian people a lot of luck and support , but this looks surprisingly tame given the nature of the protests in international comparison . 
   why are so many of you so enthusiastic about the eu . 
  ( this is something i do n't get . ), 
  because many of us know why it was formed and how it works . 
  europe 's problems are largely by design . 
  it was formed to unify people and it comes with downsides . 
  as an austrian living in the united kingdom working in the tech sector i am taking advantage of the european union every day . 
  i have lots of friends from different countries and i can see how much easier it is in the european union compared to the relationships i have with people outside of it . 
  as someone in london none of that looks out of the ordinary . 
  london is not exactly a beautiful place unless you are on the southbank , in the city of london or westminster . 
  there are many people and the infrastructure is suffering . 
  how so ? 
  it 's a bit cheap to complain that the uk is paying so much money into the eu and then not taking back . 
  the uk like any other european country is paying into a disaster fund for exactly this purpose . 
  at the moment very few people like the eun general because all politicians blame the economic crisis on it to avoid taking blame themselves . 
  i really do n't want too make an ad-hominem here but judging by your flair you 're a swiss expat . 
  you yourself probably take advantage of immigration yourself . 
  things like schengen come with their ups and downs . 
  everybody is aware that they are coming with higher risks but also opportunity . 
  people take advantage of the freedom of movement in the eu . 
  nice to see some activity there . 
  wish it was more english speaking though to get some more non austrians interested . 
   where the hell do you come up with inventing a `` jewish '' state in the middle of europe ? 
  are you from the previous century or something ? 
  do you constantly want to segregate and divide people in borders ? 
  erm . 
  the topic of a jewish state has been a long discussion : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposals_for_a_jewish_state see also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_autonomous_oblast, 
       unless you 're anarchist in principle , i ca n't see how that is anything but a specious argument : do you consider traffic rules to be oppressive too ? 
  taxes ? 
  law in general ? 
  it 's not about an anarchist principle but about how it changes behavior . 
  this is game theory and not some wishy , washy world view . 
   how do you know that ? 
  you just assume that . 
  no , there have been observations on this topic . 
  this particular issue ( mandatory decisions ) are something that comes up in proper game design ( an industry where i work ) quite frequently . 
  the difference between `` not voting '' and `` explicitly voting 'em pty ' '' works out very differently in practice . 
   is that a problem ? 
  imo that 's preferably over people being ignored when they stay home . 
  i would argue that it 's a problem because it undermines the electoral process . 
   so clearly it 's not brutally enforced , and yet it succeeds in motivating people to go vote . 
  it does not motivate , it forces . 
  big difference . 
  motivation is when you feel like you do something on your own . 
  the results you get from forces behavior look very different . 
   that 's an argument against fines , not against compulsory voting . 
  compulsory voting only works if there are fines , otherwise it 's just normal voting . 
   it forces people to take responsibility as you said : it forces people . 
  which has bad consequences . 
  first of all it amplifies the effectiveness of marketing because the people that do n't care still need to vote and will just vote for whatever they remember . 
  secondly it amplifies the rogue votes where people just vote at random . 
  you have countries with compulsory voting only achieving a turnout of 90 % , so clearly that is not helping even though there are hefty fines . 
  instead you should make it interesting for people to vote , not force it . 
  it also punishes the poor who ca n't even pay their fine back and might need to go to prison instead . 
   why ? 
  because you give government a vehicle to fine people that do not vote . 
  the human rights conventions give you freedom and rights of political opinion which includes not voting . 
   i really ca n't grasp why compulsory voting is considered bad ( http://pages.eiu.com/rs/eiu2/images/democracy-index-2012.pdf ) . 
  why would it be considered good ? 
  it 's against your basic human freedoms to begin with , it can be used to oppress citizens ( and has generally usually been used for exactly this reason ) . 
  erm , no , they did not . 
  some might have done that , but the demonstration was under a completely different umbrella than `` russia without putin '' . 
  misplaced sarcasm ? 
  in 1910 , vienna was larger than moscow .
