  i notice lots of smoking there . 
   i have to say though , we sanctioned russia and survived . 
  you really think turkey would start a war ? 
  erdogan ca n't really be that stupid . . 
  i hope . 
  we have an fta with turkey . 
  we did not have ( and will not have any time soon ) an fta with russia . 
   has he ever made such statements ? 
  but not with the goal of letting turkey keep the refugees . 
  with the goal of patrolling the border against immigrants . 
   i want to point out that vague talk about bolstering external borders is not the same as proactively dealing with turkey 's attitude problems . 
  do you want a war ? 
  that 's how you get a war . 
   if this is already a lost battle , we might as well do what 's morally right . 
  morally right would be resettlement programs . 
   start taking some action ? 
  maybe threaten turkey with sanctions ? 
  deploy patrols in the aegean instead of letting nato deal with it . 
  is n't that exactly what kurz wants ? 
   and this is where my agreement with mr kurz ends . 
  it 's quite easy to take hard decisions when the consequences do n't apply to you . 
  i ca n't judge it . 
  i think all paths forwards are shitty including not doing anything . 
  i do agree that from a humanitarian and integration pov the current method of accepting whomever manages to get here is problematic . 
  it sets up a path for getting the `` strongest '' young men over instead of the most motivated for integration or most in need . 
  that 's why i would love to see resettlement programs . 
  however as far as border defence goes i am not sure what i would do . 
   edit : does he want to reinforce external eu borders or just borders between eu countries ? 
  if it 's the former , i think it 's been made quite clear the eu ca n't handle turkey , otherwise we would n't be in this situation in the first place . 
  external eu borders . 
  internal border controls are a massive problem for central europe already as it directly hurts tourism and economy . 
   i apologize if i 'm being pedantic here but for the sake of clarity i have to ask . 
  to start ascension talks you need unanimous vote . 
  if the vote to freeze talks does n't pass , austria will exercise their right to veto . 
  is that right ? 
  pretty much . 
  kurz wants to invest money into protecting schengen borders through the eu and have refugee hotspots and resettlement programs instead of using turkey as a buffer zone . 
  in his mind a temporary influx of refugees if turkey sends them over is a price that is worth paying over behind held hostage by turkey . 
  if that tactic manages to get a majority in europe however is unclear . 
  and yet i encounter less smoke in restaurants in russia than in austria . 
  there people at least stop smoking near children . 
  and the law was drafted in 2015 . 
  only takes three years to implement something !, 
  these resolutions require an unanimous vote . 
   freeze = blocked to make this more clear : if the result of next week is not that they will be frozen austria will block the resolution . 
   or those with legit authorizations that are supposed to reforest after they cut down trees but do n't . 
  that should be something that 's easy to catch with satellites though . 
  and austria is still an abomination wrt to smoking . 
  i think there is not a single country i have been to other than maybe israel where the smoking culture annoys me more . 
  people smoke * everywhere * and completely disregard smoking bans on playgrounds or train stations . 
  there are so many bars and restaurants where you need to walk through the smoking area first to reach the non smoking one and there are even places where no non smoking area exists . 
  and this in 2016 - . -, 
  i know the content is in german but it translates quite well with google . 
  it has not been picked up by other news outlets so there is no better source for it . 
  if you ca n't draw conclusions then i ca n't help you , 
  my comment was obviously about targeting american companies . 
  sadly cars are super locally regulated . 
  for instance just buying a car in germany and importing it into austria requires you to pay a carbon tax in austria for it . 
  it did n't . 
  i would translate it as `` postponement of the repetition of the run-off election for federal president '' . 
  household income is not available on a per state basis but you can look at the overall numbers here if you are curious : http://www.statistik.at/web_de/statistiken/menschen_und_gesellschaft/soziales/haushalts-einkommen/022295.html ( also shows our ridiculous gender gap quite well ), 
  that 's people `` in erwerbsf\u00e4higen alter '' ( eg : does not count children or people who retired ) . 
  so for the average household you take this times two . 
  note that austria does not really have tax breaks for married families that would significantly shift the numbers here . 
  why not decide that on a case by case basis ? 
  if i were given the task to make a guideline for an announcement in public transport at no point would i consider `` ladies and gentlemen '' an appropriate saluation for the basic reason that i also want to address children and rude people as well . 
  do n't be an ass . 
  is that what you do in finland ? 
  vienna uses `` liebe fahrgaeste '' ( dear passengers ) and nobody ever complained . 
  seems like a reasonable and uncontroversial change . 
   there is no central register for paper ids , only paper registries my understanding is that the issuing of biometric passports you will be added to a central registry . 
  i do not know what registry is that however . 
  last time i looked into the visa free requirements for europe it mentioned stable central citizen ids as rewuirement within the signed data blob of the nfc chip . 
  yeah . 
  produce . 
  it 's interesting how most areas of europe improved . 
  the only one i quickly spotted with a trend downwards is the uk . 
   its not . 
  as far as austria is concerned , burgenland is its poorest part by gdp sure , but not by actual household disposable income . 
  austria has a very strong monetary redistribution system . 
  this is the net disposable income per year ( post tax , pension contributions , social security etc. 
   why would n't austrians avail themselves of hungarian offerings a handful of kilometers away , and why would n't hungarians cross the border to work ? 
  because the main thing that does not have the same price is food and i consider food in austria of significantly higher quality than in hungary . 
  at the same time hungary has a much higher vat rate on products so many hungarians actually come to austria to buy clothing etc. 
  turkey has changed significantly to the worse in the last 10 years and the close proximity to isis is not helping . 
   it 's been know for years that the mafia is a long term recipient of eu funding . 
  no one is accusing any eu official of directly handing money to the mafia but if you are handing out millions of tax payer money you should have a duty of care to make sure it is spent wisely !, 
  you 're making it sound like nobody cares that money is improperly spent . 
  while the eu follows transparency rules , the countries where the money often goes do not . 
  this used to be a particular problem in poland when the highway construction started . 
   i do n't think that is true . 
  if you look at this article on the 2013 budge , the audit had an error rate of over 3 % . 
  that is for money * out of the eu budget * . 
  not money that goes into * a country 's budget * . 
  most money the eu distributes is bound to individual projects ( eg : road construction ) and can be audited as a result . 
  this is not what happened in ukraine 's case where the money was directly provided to the country 's budget . 
  you only get visa free access for 90 in 180 days . 
  since you could already walk up to the border anyways to claim refugee status i doubt this is going to change anything . 
   paper id 's ( aka internal passport ) were issued locally and are easily forged . 
  with internal id you can get legit passport to travel to eu .
