  for detailed numbers see here : http://www.netindex.com/download/2,20/austria/, 
  good luck immigrating into china . 
  for austria the time until ww1 when the monarchy ended . 
  from that point onwards the country did still relatively well but it lost all relevance internationally and former states in the monarchy fell apart . 
  sure . 
  it was a monarchy but it was a pretty damn good one . 
  let 's see how much we are going to fuck up next year ... 
   by quoting some `` russian official '' is it crazy ? 
  in case of doubt it 's vladimir zhirinovsky . 
   which might be true , but do you think they will also block asian carriers flying to europe ? 
  in which case you will still have a large number of flights going between asia and europe anyway . 
  they are not going to block anything . 
  the russians do n't have their own booking systems so if they would go as far as blocking airspace for commercial passenger planes they would immediately be in a situation where their domestic carriers ca n't get any passengers either . 
   just looking at a map , there does not appear to be a huge number of flights that go through russian airspace to begin with . 
  that 's more of a case of flightradar24 not having enough ground stations in russia . 
  i like the new small busses vienna has . 
  they are electric with a battery but they can charge from the overhead wires of the tram : http://www.trolleymotion.eu/www/index.php?id=38&amp;l=3&amp;n_id=1786 advantage is that they can charge whenever they are waiting , but not bound to any tram lines and much safer . 
  [ the tyrolean rebellion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyrolean_rebellion ) . 
  i have to listen to my tyrolean friends all the time about how important andreas hofer was and how much they owe him . 
  irrelevant . 
  the vast majority of professions are the same everywhere ( people working for the government , workers for construction , garbage disposal etc. 
  but also lots of small companies , etc. ), 
  you do n't need huge industry to have employment . 
  that 's because foreigners swamp to vienna because it 's the most international part of austria . 
  not exactly comparable with the rest of austria . 
  with a country with ever changing borders taking credit for is always a tricky thing . 
  i am pretty sure we take full credit for schwarzenegger and christoph waltz but also hitler , fritzl and jack unterweger :d, 
  it 's this : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rjaschenka ( could n't find an english article ), 
  oh i wish for more ukrainian milk products in austria . 
  getting \u0440\u044f\u0436\u0435\u043d\u043a\u0430 here is pretty much impossible . 
  it 's ours . 
  give it back . 
  because `` kinder '' and `` sch\u00f6ne '' das not rhyme . 
   ^ they literally account for this they do not . 
  look at the eurostat explanation of the linked statistics . 
  they are doing quarterly reports as reported by the countries ( except for countries that do not do quarterly reports or have missing quarters in which case they attempt to reconstruct the data ) . 
  in other words : you need to average out the quarters and set them in relation with the year before to get the numbers . 
  that process + setting it in relation with the total available workforce is the unemployment rate . 
  and that was my point i was trying to make . 
   if you 're counting net jobs created . 
  he absolutely is correct , if only because net the eu has created almost no jobs no . 
  because `` job creation '' goes with economic growth . 
  it took the uk two years longer than germany to recover as mentioned above which is why if you only look at the last two years and compare the countries , the uk `` created more jobs '' . 
  just look at the unemployment statistics of the uk and germany over the last five years and compare them . 
   i 'm for reverting it a lot more though . 
  also , we should bring the emperor back . 
  i like the old hymn a lot more as well but i do not agree with zombie emperor . 
   fyi , that 's literally what they do . 
  i encourage you to learn more about the statistics you are discussing before denouncing them i do n't understand your comment . 
  first of all i did not denounce the statistics , secondly read my comment again . 
  what i wrote was why unemployment statistics exist in response to this :  all countries have statistics for the total number of people employed - these figures tend not to be the headlines in newspapers , unlike unemployment rates . 
  i was saying that unemployment rates exist ( and are in the news ) exactly because they are representable . 
  i denounced the conclusion that the `` uk has created far more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . '', 
   it is actually very clear from these statistics that more than a million jobs have been created in the uk in the last two years . 
  true , but not in the two years before that . 
  if you look at the unemployment statistics , the uk has not recovered until mid 2013 whereas germany 's unemployment went down in 2010 already . 
  so yes . 
  if you set `` jobs created '' to the number you defined with those numbers then indeed , the uk is leading , because the uk is two years behind germany which `` created '' those jobs a little bit earlier . 
   see this data from eurostat and hopefully the link works . 
  [ ... ] austria is also creating new jobs . 
  you ca n't see that from the graph for austria , i have no idea for the uk . 
  in austria the employment varies from quarter to quarter because of seasonal workers . 
  unless you say job destroyed in spring and created in fall counts as `` creating a job '' it 's very hard to judge from these statistics . 
  you would have to average it out over multiple years and compared it to the size of the population in which case you essentially end up with the unemployment rate . 
  but he said `` jobs created '' not unemployment rate going down . 
  austria for instance has a consistently low unemployment rate but it 's entirely unrelated to the number of jobs available because the demand and the supply of workforce does not match each other . 
  i 'm wondering because i 'm pretty sure austria has no statistics for `` jobs created '' . 
   in the last couple of years the uk has created far more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   well , changing to the euro did not change the currency of our debt before 2001 . 
  i really do not think that the currency our debt was in makes any difference , especially if you consider the fact that we also could just go bankrupt and not pay it at all ( something that is a lot more difficult within the eurozone . ), 
  let me ask you this way : can greek survive without loans ? 
  i assume the answer is no because that 's what is currently being said is the biggest problem ( greek can not cover its own costs ) . 
  let 's say the answer is yes : greek needs to borrow more money , then who is going to give you money if you default on your debt by going bankrupt ? 
  because that 's the core of the problem : your government is sufficiently fucked that it 's expenses are * still * above what its tax revenue is . 
  that particular problem needs fixing and has absolutely nothing to do with the euro . 
   but , as it turns out , you can not do both things at once . 
  greece has now a second even bigger structural problem and that is the lack of a welfare state . 
  this , combined with the high unemployment rate creates a vicious cycle , from which i can see no end . 
  i agree . 
  greece is fucked and nobody has any clues about how to reconstruct it . 
  but i do n't believe at all that having a different currency than the euro has any benefit at all . 
  what would have happened if greece never go the euro at all is a different question but there is quite a bit of belief that not much would have changed at all given the development of greece in the years leading up to the euro . 
   i do not remember us ever having problems borrowing money though . 
  if it was internal or external debt does not really matter , all that matters is that we financed our deficits . 
  you said that with the euro you lost the ability to devalue the currency . 
  i pointed out that your debt was in foreign currencies so devaluing the currency would have done nothing to this debt . 
  yes , you can run a leaner state if your currency is worth nothing , but you can also just reconstruct the state and tax system which is necessary anyways . 
   it is very related to the euro . 
  as i said before , we borrowed a lot of cheap money because of the euro . 
  in additon to that , we could not devalue it because athens could not print money . 
  if we had our own currency we would borrow less and could react to the crisis by printing money . 
  that was my whole point . 
  you could not fix the problem before the euro either because nobody wanted your bonds any more on drachma . 
  just look at what currencies your debt was in since the earlier 90ies . 
  yes . 
  if you would not have had the euro you would not have been able to borrow that much . 
   nope . 
  look at the figures : your debt skyrocketed completely independent to the adoption of the euro by your graph . 
  it did however go up after the auditing and after more scrutiny was applied to greece 's finances .
