  are you trying to argue specifics ? 
  in june 2014 greek made 11 billion eur selling bonds : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/apr/09/greek-return-financial-markets-attracts-investors  all in all , thank you for wasting my time . 
  sometimes i wonder why i try to have a discussion here when this is the level it degrades to . 
   unsustainable debt which no one cared to acknowlege . 
  some people did , but all in all , it 's irrelevant . 
  even if the debt is unsustainable you could start to bring up discussions about a haircut at a later point , where you already demonstrated that you performed reforms . 
  not demand the haircut now . 
  the country * needs * to become leaner , greece is ( even if you do n't like to hear it ) living way above the standards the economy can support . 
  if the would have taken the proposal the debt would have been restructured and they could have gone and started reforming . 
  what syriza promises they can not deliver to no matter what . 
   one semester of growth without even counting for deflation . 
  you can bend the numbers like you want , but if you apply the same bending to the numbers from the time syriza was in power , those numbers will look significantly worse . 
   hahahaha , are you for real ? 
  i 'm never supported the idea of buying greek bonds and i made comments here on reddit before , that i thought the idea was crazy , but that 's irrelevant . 
  if the own people would buy bonds it would help the country . 
  but even the greek do n't trust their own country so that was probably a pointless exercise . 
   just the fact that sch\u00e4uble had to admit that the greek debt is unsustainable is a small victory ( but of course by itself it 's worthless because of all the sacrifices you mentioned ) . 
  `` i rather die with dignity ... '' is a valid mantra , but it 's one that ends in death . 
   you make no logical connection between syriza in power and those consequences , it might have been as bad or even worse under different government . 
  you mean another government might also have defaulted on an imf credit ? 
  maybe . 
  there however was already an alternative on the table and what 's being discussed currently most likely will not look that far apart from the proposal the greek had a referendum for . 
  the situation greek is in * right now * ( the new one , the one where the country basically already defaulted on a substantial debt ) seems to be caused by syriza promising something they can not deliver on . 
  they situation they were hoping to be in on the weekend after the no vote did not happen and that was something even people on reddit predicted . 
  ( which rarely happens ) again : sure , another government might have done the same . 
  but syriza has to take deliberate action to bring the country to where they are now , and they need to live with that now . 
   sure , a 300 billion unsustainable debt came on their watch . 
  no wait , they inherited a disastrous government with a disastrous economy and a disastrous debt . 
  not sure how that is relevant to the discussion at hand ? 
  where we were in 2014 : * greek is in debt * greek is slowly recovering * greek is back on the financial markets where we are 6 months later : * greek is in a technical default with the imf * greek is close to an actual default * greek is close to leaving the eurozone * greek has no working economy any more * greek has capital controls * greek has a banking sector that does not have access to money * greek has an insanely high capital flight that has nothing to do with earlier governments , that 's the direct result of syriza 's policies and behavior . 
  they have demands the rest of the eurozone will never agree to and their only possible outcome is either to default and leave the eurozone or to take a modified version of the proposal any government of greece would have gotten . 
  the people do n't want out of the eurozone , but they are too blinded by a left wing party about their actual options . 
  harder for translators to mistranslate or bend meaning . 
  this regularly happens unfortunately . 
  just think of schelling 's popular mistranslation about grexit a few weeks ago . 
   they kept attacking the one guy who was trying to get the economy of greece back on its feet , and subsequently make the loans sustainable . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  syriza has torpedoed any progress that the country made in the little time they have been elected . 
  greece has a completely broken economy as of last week and the popular opinion is now definitely on the grexit side . 
  so i 'm not sure how tsipras can defend their actions given the situation they are in now . 
  this is something that came on their watch and they ca n't blame that situation on anyone else . 
  hahaha . 
  yeah . 
  it would not . 
  the demand would be to have a backdoor in the ciphers which is something the us did many years ago already . 
  it 's more than possible to implement this without destroying the internet . 
   if you get fired at 62-65 no one is going to hire you that 's not any different than in austria though . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the right thing to do , but i am surprised that you are automatically sent into early retirement . 
   you have to consider that troika wanted massive layoffs from the public sector and the greek government `` fired '' the older people by forcing them to receive an exit with pension . 
  huh ? 
  is that how it works ? 
  if you get let go here you do n't go into retirement , you become unemployed and have to look for another job until you hit your retirement age . 
  it still comes to a bank account first and he then withdraws it at a bank . 
  however there are plenty of seniors who instead use bank cards . 
  not for business . 
  wires and debit cards rule the world . 
  pensions are not cash either . 
  austria will never leave the union , but there is no way to prevent such stupid petitions not to appear . 
  no , ars technica is correct . 
  the decided on rules definitely are not net neutral . 
  the package that three/drei/3 offer in austria in combination with spotify where spotify is unmetered is definitely not net neutral , but it 's now legal according to the new definition the eu came up with . 
  erm . 
  yes ? 
  the current law basically allows isps to support services if they want . 
  hey everybody : roaming charges ban ^ ^ we ^ ^ just ^ ^ had ^ ^ to ^ ^ kill ^ ^ net ^ ^ neutrality ^ ^ in ^ ^ the ^ ^ process , ^ ^ move ^ ^ along . 
  at the very least they will hear the wrath of the local economy and thaf will be the end of it . 
  they have no spine . 
  the fpoe is mostly loud . 
  if they would become the largest party austria would still not leave the eu because it would be suicide and they know that . 
  that a vehicle for balancing funds across the union would be useful is pretty clear . 
  unfortunately this is something most citizens in rich european countries would not agree with . 
  neither the uk nor germany would agree to such a thing . 
  however it appears thst even if you have a fiscal transfer like the us have , it does not actually fully eliminate the effects the problems of an imbalanced econoky and tax revenue ( see detroid for instance ) . 
  what i find interesting is how kurgman and consorts describe this as a purely eurozone problem when this is actually something you can find in the states as well . 
  for instance if you take detroid as an american equivalent of greece there are not that many differences . 
  they ca n't orint their own money , they are in debt , have problems running their infrastructure and do n't get support from the jation in a way the greek would demand . 
  yet that is something that is not discussed . 
  obviously it 's apples and oranges but i doubt that human suffering is any less if the eurozone would not be there . 
  it might have worked but just when it started to do something the government made a 180 degree turn . 
   among younger people , many want to see the eur taking a strong hit countries other than greece would probably love to see this . 
   the official stance of the greek government is that on the referendum , the voters will vote if they agree with accepting conditions in 2 documents produced by the eurogroup . 
  this referendum shows how politicians change before and after election . 
  in 2011 tsipras was against a referendum saying that the democratic method are elections . 
   greece will never be allowed to leave the eu . 
  that 's irrelevant anyways because membership to the eu becomes a more and more mushy concept . 
  they can leave individual programs and if it continues like that the things they might leave are the eurozone , schengen and certain free movement provisions . 
  all on probably a temporary basis . 
  the scary thing is that some of those anti vaxxers are doctors ... 
  it would not work well in austria , we have too many international names . 
  prague or brno . 
  it feels so familiar . 
  and yet i do n't think london is a particularly attractive city outside the city of london and westminster . 
  that has nothing to do with the eu . 
  that 's local policies and they are not that crazy . 
  if you have employment and you earn above a certain amount you can basically immigrate which is a hell of a lot easier as - say - the u.s. :p, 
  there are currently two posts about it on / r/worldnews . 
  he 's austrian , not bosnian . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  first : they might be the largest timber company but not the only one by far . 
  secondly they pay the highest prices of all of them .
