  for people familiar with the issue this is not surprising . 
  basically you have countries like germany , greece or hungary where the monthly data use per sim on average is around 500mb . 
  then you have countries like sweden and austria where the data use is above 3gb and the extreme case of finland with  9gb per month . 
  for as long as germany and some other countries restrict their mobile networks that much and overcharge them there is little that the eu body can do about it . 
  so effectively all other countries will now have to subsidize germany and others when we travel there for roaming . 
  we will see how this all works out . 
  effectively a lot of the interesting data only sims in austria are issued with roaming disabled for the last two years in anticipation of this . 
  i do n't know what your links should tell me but denmark has a regulator . 
  [ ens ] ( https://ens.dk/en/our-responsibilities/telecom/telecom-numbers ), 
  that is unlikely . 
  most countries with low prices not only have a working market but also an effective regulator . 
  without the regulator markets would tend towards a monopoly . 
  because it 's our first attempt . 
  how many people care about the president at all in austria ? 
  it traditionally has one of the lowest turnouts and reruns are even worse if we go by history . 
  i do n't know because i do n't care any more . 
  we managed this far without a president . 
  we could do without one going forward . 
  this circus is costing us a lot of money and i just want to see it being over . 
  did not watch any of the new debates . 
  hard to predict . 
  fewer people will vote now so it depends on who mobilizes better . 
   our laws have to protect the weakest from the worst that 's fine by me . 
  how the 13th and 14th has anything to do with employee protection however is absolutely unclear to me . 
   there are enough greedy people who try to misuse every system . 
  i hope you realize that the current system makes abuse of the employee very easy . 
   in austria , when we negotiate about salary , we do n't talk about euro/hour or euro/year . 
  we negotiate about the net salary per month what we need trust me , on the business side of things we punch your numbers into a calculator and see what it costs us over the year . 
  if you want to be paid 3500 brutto it means that the average monthly cost is ~ 5350 eur per month to the employer ( which also means that you get 2255 eur net and the state gets 3095 eur . 
  amazing is n't it ) most people in austria do not even know how much money they give to the state because of this system . 
  this however is irrelevant from the business perspective . 
  the 13th and 14th costs almost the same as the other salaries to me . 
  last time i looked into it it comes from a hack of saving payroll taxes . 
  however later social insurance was tacked on to it and now it 's just annoying . 
  the 13th is depending on the contract . 
  for the industry i am in it gets paid whenever your longest holiday starts . 
  usually just paid somewhere in june or july . 
   / edit : also 13/14 is actually higher because it 's tax free reduced ( excluding social contributions ) - it is meant as bonus . 
  : / the differences at higher salaries are insignificant . 
   ... which is different from paying out the wages evenly how ... ? 
    i 'm not trying to be snarky , i just do n't see the difference . 
  for me as a small business right now i practically lose quite a bit of money to banks , people that run payroll taxes as a result of having to maintain a complex payroll calculation and putting this money into a bank account . 
  this is money which disappears in the complexity if the system and does not benefit either the company or employees . 
  it 's a high risk to maintain it and it means putting money aside that might be potentially uninsured , might be miscalculated , might not cover all eventualities ( for instance the 14th in austria in theory an employee could force me to pay at a different date [ whenever their largest holiday starts ] etc ; they might not use up their holiday and want it to be paid out when the leave the company etc. ) . 
  there is a lot that makes a lot of headache with these non standard payments in austria and to deal with this without putting the company at risk costs me a lot of money every year . 
  i have seen the system in the uk and in california and in comparison it 's ridiculously simple . 
  you can even do payroll yourself without having to consult someone who interprets the complex bargaining contracts and figures out how to prorate etc. 
   what 's stopping you from putting aside some money the other 10 months of the year ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's what everybody does . 
  but storing money somewhere you can not access for other means does not imply liquidity for the company . 
  it 's a liability on the books you can not freely use for other things . 
  you basically have to assume that money does not exist . 
   so , because our saleries are already lower than in other countries , we should even lower it by paying people less ? 
  nobody talks about paying less . 
  it 's about changing the interval of payments . 
  where do you get the idea from that someone wants to pay less ? 
  companies calculate payroll annually and not monthly . 
  i need to do that anyways even as a small company because payroll taxes space out badly in austria , i need to pay people to calculate your payroll which is a half year payment , i have liabilities for your unused holiday use etc. 
  your monthly salary is irrelevant in many ways . 
  salaries in austria are stagnant and way below other countries . 
  i doubt rhat the 13th and 14th are positively contributing to salary development . 
  i would love to see some data that backs it up . 
  where ? 
  banks do n't give interest and you are not allowed to invest hat money . 
  i paid 106 eur for the account a year and earned 1 eur in interest after taxes . 
  not allowed by law . 
  only the people who negotiate the collective bargaining contracts could change that and they do n't care about small and medium businesses . 
   well , we could talk about this things all day , but it 's pointless . 
  you 're a boss , i 'm an employee - we 're natural born enemies . 
   why are we enenies ? 
  that 's not how things are supposed to be . 
  the fact that a line is drawn there at all makes no sense . 
  employees should see how the company is doing an benefit from good performance . 
  austria makes that hard unforhbately but i would always aim for that . 
   however , i just have to look and countries with lower standards why not look at countries with higher standards ? 
  sweden , dennark etc. 
  all much better enployee protection , higher standard of living and they manage that with 12 salaries . 
   the only complication is that you have to keep this 49/12k part of the salary on a separate account for a year . 
  that and the enormous issues calculating it . 
  austrian companies often go bancrupt when they have to pay the 13th or 14th . 
  reason is that most revenue is monthly and if one client with a larger contract fails to pay youbare immediately required to file for insolvency assuming you can not pay those salaries . 
  salaries are the highest expense of companies typically . 
  anyways my point is that it pushes down salaries because of the associated risks . 
   because companies/bosses would just lower the monthly salery + 13/14 split up 12 times = tada , it looks like a lot of money , but in reality you would just get the same amount of money but without 13/14 . 
  in which situation ? 
  when the switch is made to 12 salaries ? 
  define by law that the annual pay is the base and a switchover must not lower the annual income . 
  problem solved . 
  in austria it 's defined by the collective bargaining contract of your industry . 
  the one i am in the 14th needs to be paid by the first of december and the 13th at the beginning of the longest holiday an employee wants to take . 
  i ca n't overrule the contract terms by law . 
   as an employee i disagree with you . 
  that 's mostly because i like being able to pay my bills and buy stuff . 
  so , more money is better than less money . 
   i do n't understand why you say you would get less money if i pay it 12 times instead of 14 times . 
  you get the same annual pay ( and i can even raise it with less risk ) . 
  why would you want to bring in the argument of being paid less money ? 
   of course you would , just like most companies - and that 's the reason i 'm gladful we have unions which protect us . 
  huh ?
