  austrian newspapers reported that the strongest force in continuing discussions with turkey was apparently the uk . 
  given the marketing from the leave campaign this is quite interesting to hear . 
  what are all the dutch doing in serbia ? 
  that 's not why you are a party of it . 
  you are a party of it because you were given the right to confiscate . 
   it may not be the signatory from paris but it is a signatory later on when it had to recognize the new country . 
  it 's not a signatory it 's a party to the treaty . 
   most are against , at least in slovenia . 
  if that is the case then slovenia has broken politicians because they voted for ceta and not against . 
  however i would love to see numbers on that because last that was sent around that i saw had overwhelming ceta support in slovenia . 
   it should have been let to legaly binding referendums the eu does not regulate that , that 's up to the local countries . 
  slovenia is free to implement legally binding referendums and could use that to stop ceta . 
   everion hated them wuth theri opt-outs [ ... ] the pound , refuzal to join schengen ect ect a ) learn to type . 
  b ) sources on this . 
  nowhere did the opt-outs come up in the eu as a problem with the uk . 
  neither for schengen nor the pound . 
  the uk polled better with popular support in the eu than serbia does . 
   not as much , in the eu everething is delegated to owerly conoluted system of nonelected bodies . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  seriously , i think you have absolutely no understanding of how the eu works . 
   not good enouth to prevent franco-german hegemony . 
  absolutely wrong , particularly beacuse you brought up ceta . 
  a single local parliament can block ceta for the entirety of the eu . 
   it gets a news name and powers on . 
  brics are growing ( hence the s ) shanghay pact is sucesfull , i dont wory about russia i worry a lot about russia . 
  i have friends and family there and the last 10 years have been a constant rollercoaster for them . 
  as of recently the economic planning is in total shambles . 
  it might look good for you from the distance but plenty of people outside of moscow and spb are suffering . 
  corruption is at an all time high , participation in the democratic processes is eroding quickly and the personal situation of most people is worsening by the month . 
  brics is not even an economic anything . 
  it 's a lose group of countries without any common policies . 
   victors of ww2 . 
  yugoslavia is also a signatorie of the austrian state trety . 
  yugoslavia is not a signatory of the state treaty not any more than brazil is , 
  it 's a schizophrenic country in many ways . 
   not countries with corupt pro eu goverments . 
  i mean look at what happened with ceta most people are against it , but the corupt bruxels controled goverments pushed it frew . 
  most people are for ceta not against it . 
  ceta however is a more complex beast because it changes the rules of the single market so it requires an unanimous agreement which is why it took so bloody long to make . 
  even a local parliament can overrule it . 
   that has not happened . 
  i do n't follow . 
  what exactly was the problem with the uk in the eu that it made it `` ostrazised '' . 
   their opt-outs erned them a lot of hate from the rest of the eu even before brexit . 
  i have not seen any negative responses to the erm opt-outs . 
  the uk opt-outs were not even that controversial compared to the rebate system they have . 
  what exactly are you referring to ? 
   each country has a voice . 
  its far more confederative compared to the federative nature of eu so do countries in the eu or how do you think it works ? 
  the eu is made from individual states and in fact , smaller states get a lot more power relatively than larger ones . 
   meh dont wory about them , they have been doing some stuf for a long time they will last very few things that russia did in that direction lasted . 
  remember the union state ? 
   can the people of an eu member actualy decide againt those laws ? 
  to the people of the eu actualy elect the comission drafting those laws ? 
  i do n't understand your question about the election of the commission but sure , countries can decide against laws or how do you think countries opted out of erm , euro and other controversial policy frameworks ? 
   and become ostricised like the uk did . 
  as opposed to being ostrazised like a country that never joins the eu to begin with ? 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  the uk decide to leave the eu which is their right but i 'm pretty sure the british will quickly discover that life outside the union is not beneficial for them . 
   in eeu members have a lot more say in what happens . 
  in which sense ? 
  my understanding is that in the eeu members have very little say unless they are russia . 
  neither is there a comprehensive framework set up about the decision making process nor are their proven independent courts for disputes . 
  we will see how the eeu will do in a few years from now but right now it 's unclear . 
  that 's not what loss of sovereignty means . 
  losing sovereignty means that you can not decide against those laws . 
  you have many choices as an eu member . 
  you can participate in the law making process , you can negotiate an opt-out , you can leave the european union . 
  the reason countries do not do that in general is because they value the single market membership and that system is set up that the overall rules and regulations are harmonized across the european union . 
  this simplifies working in other countries , transferring social contributions etc. 
  for what it 's worth russia is setting up the same system . 
  as of ~ two years ago russia has their own single market to replace cis largely by the name of eurasian union and it also has a very related setup . 
  and you consider a lax smoking law a good reason not to join the eu ? 
  even russia has strict anti smoking laws . 
  nobody says you should not care about your country . 
  the question came up why you as a person living , born or working in an eu country exercising eu treaty rights would not want to give serbs the right to eu membership . 
  it feels a bit hypocritical , that is all . 
  generally i understand that serbs feel culturally connected with russia yet at the same time the vast majority of serbs not living in serbia live in eu countries and not russia . 
  something does not add up here . 
  there are many serbs living in my house alone that hope for eu membership for serbia . 
  i suppose the question is why do you care so much about other countries policies if you do n't live there . 
  i ca n't vouch for the numbers of other countries but in austria the numbers are definitely including social transfers coming from the state ( eg : unemployment money ) . 
  i looked the numbers up for 2015 in austria just a few weeks ago . 
  i do n't even think you can get the numbers otherwise because the way the numbers are calculated in austria is from people 's yearly tax returns as far as i know . 
   if you want data on what the actual individual consumption per capita of the various european states is , then consult this paper . 
  but that 's already completely different numbers because that for is extrapolated from gdp and only done on a country basis . 
  it 's also indicating spending behavior and not disposable income . 
  those are included though ( to quote the source data 's preamble ) :  pps ( based on final consumption ) per inhabitant the disposable income of private households is the balance of primary income ( operating surplus/mixed income plus compensation of employees plus property income received minus property income paid ) and the redistribution of income in cash . 
  these transactions comprise social contributions paid , social benefits in cash received , current taxes on income and wealth paid , as well as other current transfers . 
  disposable income does not include social transfers in kind coming from public administrations or non-profit institutions serving households . 
  at least for austria i know the numbers befor transfers and austria and burgenland would do significantly worse . 
  what do you mean with governmental transfers ? 
  but now they can see that from a central place and prosecute the corrupt local politician . 
  in theory . 
  well to quote wikipedia :  the social market economy is a socioeconomic model combining a ** free market capitalist economic system ** alongside social policies which establish both fair competition within the market and a welfare state . 
  the uk is not void of a social state either . 
  they have relatively high taxes , a strong social net , the nhs and many more things that make it very comparable to the german style of a social market economy . 
  the main difference is that the uk likes to privatize everything , 
  and germany is not a free-market economy ? 
  maybe i just hang out with the wrong crowd when i 'm there but yeah .
