  not sure what you are talking about , austria is using nuclear energy through imports . 
  sure , but the chinese companies there run a standard `` do n't register for vat '' scheme . 
  the articel you reply to talks about doding import duty and vat upon import which is a conpletely different system and procedure . 
  the fact that people you linked to are chinese companies is a coincidence here more rhan anythong else . 
  i buy stuff on amazon from german companies that are not vat registered in austria for instance and i doubt that they are below the threshold . 
  hmm . 
  i do not see how that is even somewhat similar but i might be missing something here . 
  how is that alike ? 
  we 're third or fourth highest in per capita of applications taken and refugees accepted in the eu . 
  significantly above italy . 
  why do we have to take them ? 
  we do n't want them any more you do . 
  ca n't wait to have an even bigger tax haven swimming next to france . 
  i hope you are aware that this `` fence '' would have been 150 meters or something to enable border controls . 
  not sure what is wrong about that . 
  how many more refugees should we take ? 
  i 'm not even sure what you are referring to nor what it has to do with the topic here . 
  in which way ? 
  what about traffic and it ? 
  the vaccination rate is most likely below 85 % but numbers do not exist . 
  that estimate comes from the number of children contracting measles . 
  yes . 
  very low vaccination rates for measles :(, 
  if you read the article they are not any more and introduced fraud detection . 
  nothing we can do against that . 
  from what i can see she does not have sensible views either . 
  just the other extreme . 
  i think it is more interesting to ask the inverse : why would you vote for her ? 
  most likely yes , because you can not discriminate against eu nationals . 
  because people carry their passports with them ... 
  paragraph 8 of the assembly law restricts the bulk of public assembly to citizens . 
  passive attendence is allowed but leading is not . 
  in germany maybe , definitely not in austria . 
  aside from that is the border crossing not permitted on a tourist or business visa ( or visa waiver ) if you plan on participating in a demonstration . 
   so , erdogan as private person has the full right of freedom of expression . 
  and he has no right to cross a european border . 
  at any point before that he can be denied entry . 
  in fact , the default visa policies of schengen do not even permit assembly . 
  art 10 is restricted in enough ways that erdogan can be stopped from speaking even if he 's already in the country . 
   who says it 's erdogan himself doing the speaking ? 
  previous events of his in austria are the point of reference here . 
  where he did speak . 
  foreigners generally do not have a right to cross a border . 
  so you could just disallow him to show up without breaking your legal system . 
  why does erdogsn have free speech rights in the eu ? 
  non citizens are not even allowed to demonstrate , so why does a foreign head of state have the right to show up at election events all over europe ? 
  but also bis family is in russia . 
  i think you had some pretty bad experiences all around . 
  maybe austria was not the worst ? 
  give in , let it happen . 
  it just hurts in the beginning , 
  what do you think about this : we unite , get croatia on board and get some real ships . 
   joint ownership and inheritance is another thing , too : if you make a home and family and live together with someone for the rest of your life , why should that fact affect inheritance less than some crusty old religious ceremony some twat in an elvis wig can cast over your drunk arse on a forlorn night in las vegas ? 
  why do n't you just marry if you live together with another person ? 
  you do n't need the religious part or las vegas . 
  not exactly sure what the problem is . 
   but ca n't we also assess why marriage is ? 
  marriage is primarily to declare joint ownership over property and simplified custody rights . 
  it 's a pretty good concept and it comes with pretty good benefits . 
  i do n't see much i would want to improve about the concept . 
  still not exactly sure what you are suggesting exactly . 
  if you think marriage is going to give you an advantage you can marry otherwise just do n't . 
  for most people the reason to marry is not even taxes but join ownership and inheritance rights . 
  plenty of couples also marry after getting children . 
   in many countries , tax laws and such seem to assume an economic codependency to be present in marriages . 
  some of these are quite nice -- the tax break , for instance . 
  however , the break sort of implies the assumption of a single-employment household , and it is hardly fair on the people who choose not to marry . 
  so your problem is not with marriage then but that you want tax breaks even without marrying ? 
  the tax breaks are largely there because the state wants you to have children and not because you share a household . 
  what 's so antiquated about it and how would you improve it ? 
  so then why not let them marry ? 
  nevermind , there is already a thread here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vcrz6/european_political_party_families_vote/?st=izgzp5qf&amp;sh=747b0038, 
  the source for this is simon hix : https://twitter.com/simonjhix/status/833679900678750209, 
  i really like that wienerlinien ( public transit in vienna ) has a policy of never running trains with graffiti on . 
  so even if those assholes put their shitty drawings or names on nobody will see it . 
  sadly the same policy does not work with public buildings . 
  i like te glacis there . 
  what 's that town called ? 
  i do n't consider that a good feature . 
  parliament votes whatever the fuck public opinion is and the idiotic masses think that ceta is going to mean privatized water , gmos , supporting american multinationals and whatever else they have in mind . 
  austria is basically trump country looking at this . 
  an export nation against trade deals with a country like canada . 
  it 's insane . 
  the comments in this thread are a perfect example why this is a good change . 
  if not outlawed this will be passed on from generation to generation because it 's seen as the norm . 
  it '' s even worse in austria . 
  unlike switzerland austria does not have dual citizenship for many so many just do n't become citizens even though they could . 
  i feel like if you want to find the origin of populism in austria : the anti nuclear movement might have been it . 
  we built one plant and then never used it . 
  365 eur for a public transport all included pass in vienna . 
  covers subway , trams , buses and trains within the city boundaries . 
  not sure what this is but this is not the questionaire for visas or esta . 
  the form asks you currently this :  have you ever been arrested or convicted for an offense or crime that resulted in serious damage to property , or serious harm to another person or government authority ; or ever violated any law related to possessing , using , or distributing illegal drugs ? 
  no conviction necessary . 
   you will be barred from most jobs that require a security clearance `` it 's complicated '' is the answer there . 
  can be true but does not have to be . 
   getting a driver 's license can get difficult ( especially in norway , i 've heard ) , and non-eu countries like the us , canada , australia , and japan can bar your entry and deny visas , and they often do , even if weed was legal in the state you 're flying to . 
  you can be barred from entry if you took drugs regardless of if you were sentenced . 
  in the us is a felony to lie on the immigration form and it literally asks you that . 
  yet i 'm sure many people will just lie on it since how should they check ?
