   look at what happens to our debt right after we adopt the euro . 
  it skyrocketed from manageable numbers to unmanageable ones . 
  that graph shows that since 1995 your debt was the size of the gdp . 
  the skyrocketing after 2004 happened because of the auditing more than the euro . 
  after the audit the rates for loans went up and because greece depends on loans to run it 's governments this only had the way to spiral out of control . 
  but that 's entirely unrelated to the euro . 
  except that 's completely wrong . 
  mortgages are the highest risk you can have because you have a very long time over which you pay it back and you hope the value of your house does not go down . 
  which it will . 
  for the money saved through renting you csn by yourself a place before someone else is halfway through their mortgage repayments . 
  aside from thatbare you left with nothing if you go in foreclosure whereas a person renting can always downgrade to a cheaper place . 
  do n't rent something that 's too expensive for you . 
  rent something cheap and save up . 
  it 's very tricky though . 
  i think you will be fine but i wonder how europeans in the uk will feel . 
   this is simply not true . 
  if the country was in such a state that it would not recover with its own currency it would have gone down a lot faster than 2008 . 
  sure , the greek state had its problems , most of which are systemic , but they were not big enough to inhibit it from working . 
  i mean , no matter how bit tax evasion is , it has been this way since the late 1970ies . 
  if your explanation is a failed state , then how could this state function for almost forty years , like it did ( out of the euro ) ? 
  you are missing that greece 's problem started well before the euro . 
  years before the euro was adopted the vast majority of greece 's debt was in foreign currencies because nobody wanted to buy government bonds in drachma . 
  by 2000 more than 99 % of all greek debt was in foreign currencies . 
  tell me how not having the euro would help there ? 
  we 're not in 1970 any more . 
  comparing then to now is pointless . 
  compare it just before the euro instead and you can see that sticking to the drachma would have changed nothing . 
   we did not have a huge debt ( our debt was comparable or even smaller than many states that today have no problem . ), 
  greek debt was gdp sized since 1995 . 
  worse than that , the vast majority of that debt was in a foreign currency so very much out of control of the greek state already . 
   a ) who did n't ? 
  back then we thought that if we did not borrow that money we would be `` left behind '' by the other small eu players . 
  it was understood ( partly because the eu had no problem accepting and certifying our cooked numbers ) that that was what we should do . 
  it 's not just the greek 's fault . 
  the eu should never ever have let the greek join because everybody was aware that the numbers were bogus . 
  but the mindset in the late nighties was very different from now . 
   if you lend me money and i , being completely irresponsible , are unable to pay it back , i can then default . 
  you can not `` just default '' . 
  you default with consequences . 
  the consequences of a greek default are dire and everybody actively advocates against it . 
   see , that is where we disagree . 
  greece is afloat only in the eyes of the creditors and the eu . 
  with over 50 % unemployment for young people , a huge immigration wave , every second business closing etc. 
  if you were actually living in greece ( like i did before immigrating to germany ) you would hardly call it `` afloat . '', 
  that problem however is only partially related to the financial troubles of the country . 
  greece built up two generations of people that have no economic understanding and make a sport out of dodging taxes . 
  even if greece would get a different currency it will not recover . 
  the country was not fucked by the euro , it was fucked by politicians without economical planning building up huge debts and banks knowing that they will recoup through other countries that act as bailors . 
  the only difference is that without the euro greece can not create any more external debt . 
  but the inherent problems of the country would only get worse by that . 
   up to 100k . 
  there 's 10-20 .000 deposits in all romanian banks above that , depending on who you listen to . 
  the distribution probably has a long tail , but i do n't see ` nearly impossible ' anywhere here . 
  it can be paid cash out of pocket ( reserves ) by the national bank - and you know that 's not what would happen . 
  austria recently considered driving a bank into insolvency but ultimately decided against it which made many people very unhappy . 
  the situation is much more fucked up there though because the government acts as a guarantor for the bank up to a ludicrous sum . 
  what they did not is to erase lots of the debts on the argument that it should have been obvious for large investors that the country can not be held liable to that sum as it goes beyond the gdp of the country ( not of austria but a subcountry in it , carinthia ) . 
  large scale investors are very angry now . 
  you would think people are supportive of this , but they are now arguing that an insolvency would have been better `` to show those bankers '' . 
  given that one of the largest investors into the bank has been an insurance company i wonder how people feel about the lack of bailout when prices for the insurances will go upwards . 
   of course they have part of the blame , and they should also face the consequences . 
  but they do n't . 
  when they default on the loan it 's not their problem . 
  sure , they will be out of a home and their credit score will be in the cellar but ultimately that mortgage generated wealth which now is not based on anything any more , so it 's missing somewhere else now . 
   but tell me you do n't think `` get a personal credit with just your id '' is reasonable , for a bank . 
  to be honest , i believe the whole concept of a mortgage or loan to private people is a terrible system and it should not be encouraged . 
  there is nothing wrong with renting and saving up money to buy later . 
  by saying it 's okay for a bank to collapse you pretty much deem it not important . 
   i never said they are n't . 
  but that does n't mean they should have their losses covered by everyone else ( worst case : bailouts ) . 
  private account holders are usually insured by government so there is always a liability the tax payer needs to cover even if everything else falls apart . 
  the cost of an insolvent bank is very high and nearly impossible to account for . 
   the `` systemic risks '' were created by the banks themselves , when they handed out bad loans . 
  sure , but at the same time people wanted those loans . 
  you can go a step further and say that the problems of the banks were caused by the people themselves by taking mortgages they can not possibly pay back . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  why do you consider banks not important ? 
  i think it always depends . 
  stuttgard 's train station i have no clue about so no comment there , but ber is a nightmare on ever level and should have been fixed a long time ago . 
  vienna had a similar problem with their airport but they suspended any further work a long time ago and brought everybody back to the planning table to set a upper limit for the costs and heavily enforced this . 
  the end result was that the project was well below the defined upper limit in the end . 
  that said , for the vienna airport there were lots of people complaining about it on the grounds of the airport losing passenger numbers ( guess what , passengers do not like old airports . 
  with the new terminal they more than recovered and are on the rise ) , construction noise , development costs , design etc. 
  it 's a bit of both . 
  infrastructure projects are hard . 
   ah , so austria 's a bit different than some other places . 
  i thought this might be less ambiguous . 
  we 're talking about construction sound here . 
  please show me one country where there is a legislation which defines threshold values for this . 
  i already understand that you do not agree with this so i really do not see a value in continuing this fruitless discussion . 
   almost no people that do n't speak danish , speak a little danish . 
  almost no people speak danish . 
  including danish people . 
  fixed that for you . 
   you said that it was excessive noise at someone 's house , so someone lives in that middle of nowhere . 
  as long as there 's a law protecting people from construction noise in their homes in austria do n't you think that should apply equally to everyone ? 
  do you think that construction companies can create noise with impunity near residential houses in rural areas ? 
  we raze people 's homes if they are in the way of street and reimburse them for the value lost . 
  that concept stands at odds with protection for noise . 
  and no .
