   just half month ago our banks passed the cash tests with flying colors am i missing something ? 
  the last stress test as far as i know three out of four banks failed . 
  not that often of countries . 
  many defaulting countries try to repay old debt to show goodwill for future creditors . 
  to be fair : very rarely does debt disappear . 
  most of the time it just gets repaid very late . 
  yeah , that worked out so well for them . 
  argentina is in constant legal battle about their default . 
   greece can simply refuse to repay the loans . 
  but they depend on external financing as you can see . 
  if they would print the drachma it would lose so much value that the whole economy would collapse to a hold , the living standards would drop to a third world country . 
  the country would depend on the european member states sending humanitarian help for food and medicine into the country . 
  i do n't think anyone wants that . 
  current numbers : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/balance-of-trade  germany dispatched goods to the value of $ 56.5 billion ( +6.2 percent year-on-year ) to the member states of the european union , while it received goods to the value of $ 51.0 billion ( +5.2 percent ) from those countries . 
  goods to the value of $ 35.6 billion ( +5.1 percent ) were dispatched to the euro area countries in may 0f 2015 , while the value of the goods received from those countries was $ 35.1 billion ( +5.5 percent ) . 
  sales to eu countries not belonging to the euro area increased by 8.2 percent to $ 20.8 billion while the value of the goods which arrived from those countries was 15.9 billion euros ( +4.6 percent ) . 
  and yet germany 's trade balance in the euro zone is neutral . 
  thdy do n't have a mandate to print new euros then and they have no way to get more currency . 
  as greece is in a time of capital flight they would immediately run out of euros . 
  people hoard them . 
  theybwould want to get paid in euros and thrn use a different cirrency for groceries , taxes and rent . 
   the trouble is , greece is only the beginning . 
  we will see the same thing in other european countries too . 
  which is why the eurozone needs new rules of engagement as quickly as possible . 
  it needs to be very clearly defined what happens with countries like greece . 
  ( no matter what else happens ) because getting rid of the euro would ( if it would happen ) be a very slow and painful process . 
   it 's absolutely outrageous that we 're not only entertaining the idea of a country surrendering its sovereignty , but that people like you actually support it . 
  what the fuck . 
  you can disagree with me as much as you want , but if you want the greece to keep the euro there are only two options : convert the eurozone into a transfer union or do what the eurogroup is discussing : set up a very strict set of reforms and push it through no matter what . 
  there is very little wiggle room in between as we have seen the last few years . 
  what 's wrong with this whole situation is that people here think the european union is some sort of bizarrely managed charity . 
  you know , i rarely agree with you but you are right on that part . 
  however this is precisely why i think what 's happening right now is the right step . 
  they should either leave or bring other people on board to set up guidelines and rules that will be pushed through no matter what . 
   so pleased that the uk has no part in this farce . 
  and yet if the uk was in this situation it would not provide with loans either . 
  look at what happened after ww2 with germany for instance : the americans came and presented the marshall plan . 
  they were not asked , they were not given any options really , they were given instructions of how to use the money . 
  and yet , germany was not in a dictatorship . 
  it was still help , but it came with conditions . 
  this would be the same . 
   i would give them the bailout loan , and then write off portions of their debt upon successful completion of each reform . 
  let 's say that woudl happen , they would pay back with the first chunk of money the outstanding loans and then not do anything ? 
  same situation as before . 
  as it has happened the last two times . 
  why would it be different now ? 
   use the carrot instead of the stick to heal the economy . 
  it did not work so far . 
   greece is an ally , not a hostile nation . 
  which is why it continues getting bailouts . 
  however not all allies are competent . 
   they 've fulfilled all their obligations expect the literally impossible . 
  they did not and i find it bizarre that we are having this discussion here now . 
  the whole point of electing syriza was that ( for better or worse ) the people did not want to fulfil the obligations and in parts they were undone . 
   what more do you want ? 
  a modern and reformed greece . 
   syriza 's proposal was actually based on facts . 
  like , reality ? 
  you know , that thing that objectively exists ? 
  none of those proposals are actually based on a lot of facts . 
  they are all ( from both eurogroup and greece ) written by writing down some numbers on a piece of paper . 
  as greece basically decided to commit suicide a few weeks ago we 're not presented with a situation where nobody actually crunched numbers to see how the situation looks like . 
  the current discussions are purely done to make greece realize that they have only two options : leave or accept to give up part of your sovereignty to finally get reforms across . 
   you do n't trust syriza with the money , you do what you already did for all other bailouts : you portion the money out and only give out portions at fixed intervals if the plan is being put in motion correctly . 
  and why would it work this time around ? 
  not even the people of greece want the proposal apparently . 
   the only alternative if you do n't want to deal with the perils of democracy is dictatorship . 
  no , you can have an elected prime minister appoint someone to push through a reform . 
  it does not matter who proposed the plan . 
   because they 're the democratically elected government of greece . 
  how is that related ? 
  the british government is democratically elected and i would not trust them one bit in certain aspects . 
   okay . 
  give them more money then . 
  ah yes . 
  one fucks up again and again , and the other just pays ... because reasons . 
   accept syriza 's offer . 
  and why would anyone trust syriza or a new government later ? 
  first of all the money that syriza had in their proposal is not nearly enough to recover the country , secondly the citizens voted * against * syriza 's offer basically . 
  so why exactly would we not be back in the same situation with the next government ? 
   who do you mean ? 
  since you clearly disagree with the plan of the eurogroup : what would * you * make them do ? 
  you do n't even need that . 
  the banks are already out of cash , no list necessary . 
  i really want to hear your opinion on what they should do . 
  because in all honest , i really do n't see many options . 
  faymann is also a tool . 
  he 's babbling whatever the souffleur says . 
  huge hailstorm in south of austria with about 80 million euro damage . 
  only took 20 minutes or so : http://m.kleinezeitung.at/k/kaernten/osttirol/peak_osttirol/4772427/index.do, 
   and the fucking cookie warning on every site i go to is doing my fucking head in . 
  the cookie law was created by the uk . 
  jftr . 
  that link says it 's balanced for the eurozone :  goods to the value of $ 35.6 billion ( +5.1 percent ) were dispatched to the euro area countries in may 0f 2015 , while the value of the goods received from those countries was $ 35.1 billion ( +5.5 percent ) . 
  i would not worry about it unless you are dependent on certain medicine as pharmacies are probably not very well stocked now . 
  just get enough cash with you , register with your foreign ministry if the dutch have such a thing and enjoy your holidays . 
  i 'm not sure how that is supposed to generate a lot of revenue . 
  the cost of commercials for airing is not very high compared to the development costs which would not be taxed . 
  i would like to see an estimation for that . 
  raised vat will not change much in tourism for visitors .
