  you do n't have to guess , you can read interviews with the person behind the persona . 
  **  im interview mit conchita wurst . 
  source : http://derstandard.at/2000007399211/will-dass-mich-frauen-beneiden thomas neuwirth is a man and identifies as a man and he never hid that . 
  conchita wurst is a persona that is female . 
  he gives interviews himself and as conchita , though since the songcontest only as conchita . 
  ca n't blame him . 
  she 's the persona of a gay man . 
  who do you congratulate ? 
  the man or the persona . 
  not sure . 
  i do n't remember how that was . 
  a quick googling shows that they have a `` thank you '' message on the website . 
   but they ca n't marry and ca n't have kids , yet . 
  they can be in a partnership however and by 31st of december there needs to be a law to allow them to adopt . 
  things are changing . 
   \u00d6vp ( conservatives ) holding this development back cause their mentality is still stuck in the 50s and they only care about how to make monez or rather , the oevp is painfully aware of our problematic demographic developments . 
  the way they attempt to promote family values however are pretty terrible . 
  depends on which one . 
  in schengen there are different transit visas ( an airport transit visa does not allow you to leave the international transit area ) . 
  if you arrive international and you need to connect regional you need to walk through a 2km long tunnel ( or no idea how long it actually is ) . 
  but it takes bloody ages . 
  when your flight is late that shit is hilarious . 
  ( to get to that tunnel you also need to take a staircase which looks like it 's an emergency door ), 
  never been to frankfurt then i guess . 
  worst layout ever . 
  sweden is getting a bit crazy recently . 
  i think this still takes the cake : http://www.tickster.com/sv/p/teaterverket/garningskvinnor  to deal with your emotions through external violence is a healthy behavior and something all women should adopt . 
  the sooner , the better . 
   in our world , a woman who butchered her husband is nothing other than an admirable woman . 
  i know it 's art , but bloody hell . 
  fun fact : croatia 's mobile internet is faster than broadband . 
   you 're being deliberately obtuse . 
  people are answering your question and you 're just giving smart-arse responses . 
  did you actually want them to answer you or not ? 
  what 's the point of a debate when you do n't bring counter arguments ? 
  i already understand that plenty of people support the idea that either british people do n't learn german because they do n't want to assimilate in the culture and are only there because of a job , that does not require them to use german or do not have the need to learn german because most people understand english and english is a popular language . 
   come on armin , you of all people should appreciate the need for a working knowledge of english in software engineering . 
  not sure how that is related to anything in relation to the comments i made ? 
  i 'm the first one to subscribe to the concept of using english as a language for software development . 
   on top of this , there 's little incentive to learn the native tongue when a sizable portion of the native population speaks your language . 
  primarily because there is not a legal reason you have to . 
  australians and americans for instance need to learn german because they are not exempt through the freedom of movement from having to learn it . 
  i 'm not complaining btw , i 'm pointing out the current situation . 
  i have neither the opinion that immigration is bad nor that british are terrible . 
  i do think though that it would do the uk good to take a less `` holier than thou '' attitude towards immigration in their own country given that this is a situation each and everyone of us has to deal with . 
  not saying everyone is the same , 
   because there are substantially more austrians who speak english than austrians who speak croatian or polish ? 
  and more austrians speak german and more polish speak english . 
  by that logic i think we would either expect britsh to learn german or polish to stick to english when in austria . 
  that 's my guess . 
  i have no idea what the actual reason is . 
  ( also impossible to compare with americans who need to learn german to stay here . ), 
  the same jobs as british . 
  the willingness of learning new languages is just higher when you already learned a foreign language . 
  go into any software company and you can split the poles from the brits by their german language skills , 
  by that logic poles would not have to learn german either since they use english at work ? 
  yeah , some companies use english as work language and some universities are english . 
  also at least by austrian measues brits do n't learn the language . 
  since they are eu immigrants they do n't have to . 
  yet many other eu immigrants ( especially croats and polish ) learn german . 
  i wonder what the reason for this is . 
   nope , the data say exactly the opposite this people got from 0 to millionaires is a very short amount of time first of all that is not a sentence . 
  secondly you do n't get to become a millionaire slowly . 
  the amount of people that slowly became millionaires is probably less than a percent of all millionaires . 
  from the moment a successful venture starts , to that person being a millionaire typically less than 5 years pass . 
  let alone the fact that we 're talking about a billionaire here . 
  the possibilities of making more money after having a ton of money are much larger than when you have very little . 
   mathematically is impossible because the margins are way too low to allow anyone make a shit town of money and that person will earn more or less the same amount of money like everybody else that 's not `` mathematically '' but `` according to / u/belahbloh '' . 
  there so very little relationship between maths and economics . 
  of course it 's possible to make a ton of money in a field that is well established . 
  in fact , pretty much all the largest companies in the world are in well established fields . 
  i hope they will do that for my playstation network account as well :p, 
   there is literally no such thing in the law . 
  it may reference to older legal dispositions which have never be used to arrest a prostitute for their clothes . 
  is that the same law mentioned in the article ? 
  the date on that law you linked is from 2013 if i 'm not mistaken . 
  well , i 'm not bavarian . 
  it 's commonplace in austria among friends and family however . 
  i suppose that 's because you have never been there ? 
  it 's called [ bussi ] ( http://de.wiktionary.org/wiki/bussi ) / [ busserl ] ( http://de.wiktionary.org/wiki/busserl ) in austria / bavaria . 
  i think this kissing shit gets really awkward between countries . 
  austrians kiss twice , russians kiss once , americans not at all . 
  i confused american friends to the point where they looked at me like i 'm from a different planet . 
  wrong kiss count is a problem too , but the awkwardness does n't last that long :d, 
  i do n't see how that conflicts neutrality . 
  if we would do that in other countries then yes , but allowing foreign secret agencies to operate bit so much . 
  you 're conveniently ignoring that it 's not just the schisms but other countries as well that set base in vienna . 
  not sure how that is related to our neutrality ? 
   they could do some things if they really cared . 
  for example they could end the cooperation between nsa and our services ( hna and abwehramt ) for starters . 
  and that would accomplish what exactly other than setting a pointless political statement ? 
   just ignore these irrelevant politicians trying to suck up towards their constituents . 
  there 's a reason why it 's only `` a call for action '' instead of something more drastic , it 's symbolic so that they can say : `` see austrians , we tried but it did n't work out ! '' . 
  i think you need to see this in the general light of austrian `` wurschtigkeit '' . 
  not showing initiative at all is a problem but we 're not going to demand our rights , just something that comes sufficiently close . 
  nobody here really expects anything out of this , but it might get the discussion into a new direction . 
  it 's ridiculous to expect that austrian politicians would have any reasonable power to change anything relevant , but they can attempt to guide future legislation and diplomacy into better territory . 
  for instance i think many politicians ( and probably citizens as well ) are perfectly happy with the concept of surveillance for as long as it 's not them who is being surveyed . 
  so if there would be stronger co-operation with the us , it would be an acceptable solution . 
  not what net activists or libertarians want to hear i suppose .
