  and who even comes up with something this ridiculous . 
  corruption european style ? 
  i do n't think that is true at all . 
  it works with many people not from europe ( half of asia for a start ) . 
  it does not work once religious differences clash . 
  if you have a religion that kills tou for denouncing the faith and seeing itself above everything else though that is a big problem . 
  then call it something else . 
  but i do not want to miss * that * because of recent events . 
  if you want to start an argument i 'm not the person for you . 
  islamism . 
  why do we have to question multiculturalism just because one culture seems to be making issues ? 
  i love the freedom of movement , the fact that where i live i have tons of friends and collegues from different european countries . 
  south tyrol should be labelled `` germany '' , 
  so verfolgte ein zeuge den t\u00e4ter und half der polizei ( just to quote the first page of google news results ) . 
  german media for a start . 
  i love how the media was already celebrating the hero that followed the man . 
  now it turns out it 's not the guy . 
  except there were no concrete warnings about any of those . 
  there was an explicit warning about christmas markets which is the warning we are talking about here . 
  but we are talking about five terroristic attacks in 2016 . 
  this is a significant uptick from before . 
  before there was one in 2015 and before that i do n't even remember one other than nsu . 
   the same can be said about larger groups of people in general . 
  concerts , events , christmas markets . 
  not really related to the nature of the market imo . 
  except for none of those there were warnings . 
  how many terror attacks do you need before you call it statistically relevant ? 
   i disagree . 
  the level of danger remains the same . 
  not at all . 
  until someone actually attacks a christmas market one does not know if those warnings are warranted or not . 
  the moment one actually does get attacked it changes the situation drastically . 
   does n't make visiting one unsafe . 
  it really does . 
  there are only so many nights a year and so many christmas markets where people go . 
  the fact that they are targeted raises your individual change to be a victim of a terror attack greatly if you chose to go to them . 
  police reports 9 dead and many injured :( https://twitter.com/polizeiberlin/status/810940347006197760, 
  if this turns out to be an attack then it does indeed make christmas markets less safe because it means those warnings were warranted . 
   why would i feel unsafe at a christmas market . 
  it 's still extremely safe . 
  there were warnings about christmas markets for quite some time however . 
  so calling it `` extremely safe '' is a bit of a stretch . 
   holy shit . 
  apparently he was shot while at an art exhibition ?? 
  i hope he 's alright . 
  reuters reports that he died . 
  life impressonment in austria is at least 15 years and on average 22, 
  the eu is already working on fixing this mess for quite some time independent of trump . 
  there is an argument to be made that apple is not even guilty right now because what they did was at the time considered legal . 
  largely this is an issue of appearance and popular support . 
  right now apple 's tax practices do not enjoy popular support but this might quickly change . 
  the source of the disagreement is well hidden here :  cook thanked vestager for a `` candid and constructive exchange of views , '' and reasserted that apple 's earnings are `` subject to deferred taxation in the u.s. until those profits are repatriated . '' which is why i 'm worried about trump as a european . 
  he 's going to give companies a big discount on repatriation which means that european countries will not see any of that money . 
  right now the money is sitting in a vacuum and it looks really bad for apple because no tax has been paid . 
  however if they ever repatriate they will instantly pay a hefty tax and then there is a good chance that apple will not look that guilty . 
  i ca n't tell you how well it works but the social net is pretty strong in austria . 
   wait are you deporting people before they served their prison sentence ? 
  no , we 're not . 
   rotherham happened over six years ago , not last fucking week . 
  the case in the article also did not happen last week either . 
  also not sure how that is related because as far as actual sex crime from foreigners goes i 'm pretty sure austria has to fuck up for quite some time before it hits levels that bad . 
   meanwhile the uk immigration policy is to stop them at calais rather than let them prowl our streets and swimming pools . 
  in case you missed it , austria has border controls for a year now . 
  given the fact that you have this thing going on , i 'm not so sure your system is working particularly well : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal also looking at this it sounds like the punishment in the uk is comparable : http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/p_to_r/rape_and_sexual_offences/sentencing/, 
   well it worked though did n't it ? 
  he 's getting a disgustingly-light sentence . 
  austria 's justice system is set up for resocialization . 
  it 's hard to get a longer sentence than that . 
  given how rampant identity theft in the uk is i would assume it 's not that hard to get an nhs number from a payslip . 
  when i was living in the uk i do n't remember anything security wise even for your gp . 
  i think they took name and your nhs number thing and that was it . 
  and what if foreigners come ? 
  not entirely clear . 
  but again , the problem is not the law , it 's the people . 
  any filming of people 's faces is illegal without their permission and addition any video surveillance is illegal without a permit . 
  i agree that the law is retarded but it 's a result of what the population wants . 
  i have an inability to understand what goes on in the typical austrian 's mind . 
  sure , you can do that . 
  but i doubt it will happen in this case . 
  there is no money to be extracted from this person so i doubt they will bother with a civil suit . 
  but why take that right from people ? 
  also why even go against any publication of pictures like street view image data ? 
   in austria you can get a $ 10.000 fine for it sadly this is not the lawmakers that come up with this shit but the population . 
  austrians are scared out of their mind of cameras . 
  they want it that way ( which is also why we 're the only country other than bosnia herzegovina and moldova without any sort of steet view . 
  do n't blame the lawmakers , blame the population . 
   this was one of the more shocking incidents since the migrant crisis began . 
  that line of defense was and is absolutely absurd . 
  sure , but he is entitled to a defence and it 's quite hard to come up with less ridiculous defences . 
   i do n't know the austrian law , but in germany you are deported automatically , when you have been sentenced to jail for more than two years . 
  i 'm sure the austrians have something similar . 
  in austria you get deported if you the crime you are convicted of has a sentence of three years or longer independent of how long your individual sentence is . 
  additionally with the most recent changes they will start the process of deportation the moment you are caught and not when you are convicted . 
  that way they can deport you quicker and you can be deported for less severe crimes if convicted ( not sure what the actual rules are ) . 
   what an insult to his victim , e5 ,000 for a lifetime of counselling , likely drug/alcohol issues , and the serious pressure this will put on the child 's ability to trust anyone for the rest of his life . 
  the state pays for a lifetime of counselling and other issues as a result of this anyways . 
  austria does not dish out high damages for anything . 
   he is the absolute wrong person for this job and has no legal understanding he seems a lot better than the two people that came before him in that position . 
  i understand that . 
  but how can a marketing campaign blame this on the eu when it 's their own delegates that are pushing that policy .
