  i suppose this is a problem on my side of not understanding the terminology . 
  i assumed that you do not call what you described as short selling which does not appear to be the case :  as far as going long another currency pair that is what shorting is, 
  i 'm not trading but surely if you take a `` loan '' or whatever you call it in a currency it 's priced in the opposing pair , eg : usd or eur in this case . 
   it 's nothing like what you 're saying . 
  then please point out what exactly is wrong about my comment . 
  if you want to have a debate on the principles of short selling currency then i 'm not the person for you . 
  i just pointed out that what is commonly referred as having a short position is something you can not do with currencies . 
  if you want to bet against a currency you go long on the other side of the pair . 
  liquidity has nothing to do with that . 
   when you short a share instead of sterling you go long on usd or euro and want the share in the end . 
  i do n't get how sterling is any different ? 
  when you short a share you trade with a borrowed share . 
  you can not borrow a currency pair . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't do it at all but it 's not easy . 
  a traditional short involves borrowing an instrument that is not done in forex as there is no real market for it . 
  the closest you can do is just to betting by trading accordingly . 
  shorting a currency is just trading which is why goldman is unlikely to have a `` net short position '' . 
  that is not shorting but being long on usd . 
  it requires you to want gbp in the end . 
  it 's not easy to short forex . 
  / / edit : apparently i 'm wrong . 
  i would like to learn though how it 's done . 
  the graphic is wrong . 
  austria offers 30 +6 months if you want but it pays less than if you take 12 +2 months . 
   how is that a working legal system ? 
  the argument is that a 10yr old could 've given consent to sexual intercourse . 
  that is incorrect and that is not what the court decision is based on . 
  how is a working legal system a sign of a fucked up country ? 
  if russia gets kant , why ca n't germany get hitler ? 
  we are trying to make deals with any relevant economy . 
  we just suck at it . 
  we do it every three years give or take . 
   the woman was pregnant thanks to a fertility treatment , it was n't a natural pregnancy . 
  not surprised . 
  with the raising age of mothers more and more fertility treatment is performed and with that twins and triplets are happening more commonly and with that birth complications . 
  it 's quite a development we 're going through as humanity . 
   so i can only presume that he 's using brexit as an excuse ( brexcuse ) and doing this for very cheap eastern european labour . 
  they are moving the headquarters not the production . 
  fucked up policies . 
  smoking is still cool here . 
  a shit load of money will be paid . 
  i doubt that . 
  the government payed a shitton of money for that house in rent to make sure nobody else can make it into something questionable . 
  if all they cared about is making it go away they would not have paid anything . 
  is this number derived from condom sales or how does that work ? 
  lol yeah . 
  that is heavily outdated . 
  austria 's system is fucked . 
  i do n't know but when i told someone recently to get a `` daueraufenthaltsbescheinigung '' he thought i was making a joke and only then i realized long words are an uncommon thing . 
  i love how you actually find an image of toomas hendrik when you google `` bowtie man estonia '' . 
  that 's not why they are crooked , that 's why the lean towards the street . 
  the leading is called `` op de vlucht '' and you can google it . 
  it was building code . 
  why would this affect non swedes ? 
  this is for swedes only . 
  secondly i want to see an explanation how militay service affects birth rates . 
  sweden already has some of the highest in europe . 
  so does israel btw and they have three years of service for both sexes . 
  it was a long fight for partnerships to become equivalent with marriage and it still is not in many ways . 
  why can we not just let them marry and not waste our tax money rewriting law after law just to give homosexuals another label ? 
  surely there is more to it . 
  if you are a tourist you do not have a residence permit and i 'm pretty sure you are allowed to take taxis . 
  vienna is claimed to have immigration problems yet we do not have hand grenades flying around . 
  i am pretty sure that immigration issues and gang violence are independent issues . 
  malmoe still looks great in fact i would say it looks way better than it did in the 50s . 
  also when you 're there you would not get any idea there would be something dodgy going on in some places . 
  not in all departments or they would not be licensing components in other countries . 
  i doubt it . 
  ever since our neutrality the only thing we ca n't do is join germany and military alliances . 
  i do n't think anything is especially unique on the grand scale but there are not that many european companies in that space to begin with so the forerunners have some competitive advantage now that german car manufacturers are scrambling to get tech . 
  the four freedoms are defended all throughout the treaty and things like protocol 27 . 
  it 's pretty clear cut . 
  you would need a referendum in all eu states to change that . 
   the aim of airbnb is to rent out their spare rooms , not entire apartments . 
  what ? 
  since when ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most property on airbnb is apartments . 
  i use it on a regular basis and not once did i rent a spare room . 
  i was referring to this report ; http://www.zeit.de/2016/35/grenzoeffnung-fluechtlinge-september-2015-wochenende-angela-merkel-ungarn-oesterreich/komplettansicht, 
  that 's a broad simplification of what actually happened . 
  merkel announced that the dublin agreement no longer applies tonsyrians and then a horde lf people walked through hungary and austria . 
  the only conversation that took place between merkel and feymann was faumann asking if a ) germany will take them and b ) confirming that they can be sent onwards . 
  there was zero conversation before that and there are many reports about what happened on that day b, 
  how sid merkel consult austria exactly ? 
  welcome to austria where entrepreneurs are not worth anything . 
  i 'm on my phone and ca n't easiky search the pdf here but you can download it here : https://www.bmeia.gv.at/en/integration/integration-report/ i think 1.3 for austrians and 1.7 for turkish or something . 
  you can look at the yearly integration report from austria for those numbers . 
  lol . 
  vienna too pricey . 
  maybe we can just concede on that secrecy thing and implement internet voting . 
  at least germany has some street view . 
  austria has * nothing * . 
  if you can name the things that are being sacrificed then they can be compared against what is being gained and judged . 
  this is also regularly done for what it 's worth . 
  unlike the uk we do n't want to throw sacrifice the european project because of it . 
  visa free access to mozambique and iran , 
   plus , if i ever go travelling in the eu i 'd likely be with mrs mikeemoo , and she has no irish passport , so it does n't help much ( if there were visa restrictions.etc . ) . 
  however in the hypothetical situation that you were to relocate to mainland europe she would automatically get residence by being your wife so it would help . 
   i 'm entitled to one , but would n't get one . 
  out of curiosity : why ?
