  mothers are irreplaceable . 
   and this is a lie . 
  a lie is an intentionally incorrect statement . 
  in the extreme case i made an incorrect statement but i stand by it . 
  unless you decide not to have children , i do n't think it will be possible to not be disadvantaged in the labor market just by the pure fact that mothers take at least half a year off . 
  theoretically this responsibility could be shared more but it 's often not done because economically it makes no sense in most families . 
  the fact of the matter is that men ca n't get children which helps tremendously . 
   yeah , because that 's nothing right ? 
  just `` pay money '' . 
  being forced to give away half of your wealth is not `` nothing '' , specially in countries with alimony -- and that 's not even taking into account child support . 
  it 's just money . 
  you can still do all the things you would have done . 
  nobody forces you as a man to take responsibility of the child if you do n't want . 
   however , are you arguing that the uk should have a higher level of immigration ? 
  what figure do you think it should be ? 
  ( iirc latest figures is net approx . 
  300,000 immigrants a year . ), 
  i do n't care at all what the level of immigration into the uk is . 
  but as an individual living in the uk that is not a uk citizen i can tell you two of the biggest problems with the uk immigration system : * you are severely disadvantaged as a foreigner where the amount of money you pay to the state and the services you receive will never come close to what a citizen makes . 
  * the british residency permit is one of the weakest . 
  it only gives you access to the uk and northern ireland as the uk opted out of schengen . 
  compare this to any residency permit anywhere else in the eu ( ignoring ireland ) and you can see how bad this is . 
  people on passports that require visas to the eu can not just spend a weekend elsewhere without having to apply to a visa . 
  * the risk of residency in the uk is significant due to the monetary requirements . 
  if you have a car accident and you 're unable to work , you will be deported no matter how many years you worked in the uk . 
  it 's a high risk proposition to build up a life in the uk . 
  unless you work in finance or something similar which significantly overpays you from the average , so that you can save up enough money to live years in the uk even without work , you will always have the feeling that you are there on a temporary basis only . 
   just marriage , de-facto marriage and other similar cohabitation schemes that overwhelmingly prejudice men . 
  not sure what you mean with `` prejudice '' . 
  generally the disadvantaged ( not just in relationships ) are women , not men . 
  they bear the responsibility for children , they are disadvantaged in the labor force in particular if they have single mothers . 
  not sure how you can possibly paint the picture that men would be disadvantaged . 
  the worst that can happen to a man is that he will have to pay money . 
   take one bullet out of the chamber ; you 're still playing russian roulette . 
  because the only thing that stops people from having long lasting relationships is chance ? 
  what a depressing view of the world . 
  this discussion was about relationships . 
  if you have to bring up a paternity test after getting your child , your relationship was problematic to begin with . 
  everything else that has been thrown into the mix as a justification is already so far away from the point i was making that i 'm not even sure why we are discussing it . 
   there are literally thousands of people in calais desperate to leave france and get to the uk . 
  because those are the kinds of people you want to get . 
  i do however already understand that it 's very unlikely you will ever see anything wrong in the british immigration system which is why i do n't think continuing this discussion is a worthwhile endeavour . 
  we 're discussing a population statistic and you 're all coming up with hypothetical situations . 
  none of this is in any way relevant to the discussion at all . 
  nobody of us has any ideas of what the individual situations look like but you 're all drawing some pretty dire pictures . 
  but hey , i 'm sure you reddit is the best place to get relationship advice . 
  i really have zero interest in going into a relationship discussion on reddit . 
  however purely statistically it 's more likely that the man is cheating so if you want to argue about cheating , then not sure why that is something that plays a role here . 
   i am eusceptic and i love foreigners . 
  but you would not at all understand that some foreigners leave the country precisely because of the immigration system . 
  case in point : i left the uk when i married my wife because it was not at all welcoming . 
  ( and i 'm not talking about the monetary requirements ), 
  deception implies intent . 
  i 'm pretty sure in those 2 % of people there are not an insignificant number of people that just do not know who the father is . 
   50 % of marriages in the us end in divorce but not 50 % of married couples divorce . 
   there are plenty of people that enjoy hand gliding and motorcross , 1 out of 1000 of them will still die a horrible death . 
  because the uk is known for it 's lenient and sensible immigration strategy . 
  you appear to be a sad or frustrated person . 
  there are plenty of people who are in happy relationships . 
  if that is even remotely an issue i do n't think you are in a good relationship . 
  `` i wo n't work but i want to be paid '', 
  what 's the trust of austrians into their own country ? 
  i do n't even know how to respond to that comment . 
   that is super fucked up . 
  it is not . 
  people have to adhere to the laws and rules of the country they travel to . 
  they had a promising reboot but then they kicked out the person that made it work . 
   also ruling austrian germans weren \u00b4 t fans of his ideas citation needed . 
  because pretty sure they were aware that everything would fall apart if something like this would not be implemented . 
  too bad you did not visit vienna . 
  the logo of the city makes me mad : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/stadt_wien_logo.svg, 
  try to find any old picture where people smiled . 
  for a start it was really hard to do that because you had to stand for minutes . 
   if germany & france think poorly of the uk , why do germans and french come to this country en masse ? 
  what is `` en masse '' ? 
  last time i was checking a higher percentage of brits live in germany than germans in great britain . 
  there was a single attack in austria in 30 tyears and that was a paychologically unstable person . 
  that attack killed two . 
  does not seem statistically relevant . 
  it 's also mandatory but the driver is not required to check it . 
  sometimes they announce it . 
  pretty sure ids are mandatory in italy . 
  i thought you love russian tourists ? 
  at least in austria russians have a good reputation because the leave the most money of all . 
  at least did until the ukrainian conflict . 
   also please not that i did not really mean to say it is as bad as a `` real '' ponzi scheme i meant it with a bit of humor . 
  sure , i 'm not disagreeing with it anyways . 
  i just notice that the discussion about pensions in general is lacking a bit of substance . 
   a high tax on inheritance ( up to the total of the recieved pension/other transferes ) could cover some of the bad years . 
  i think this is unlikely to work . 
  inheritance tax generally does not really work the way people think it does because the ones with the wealth have the methods and opportunities to shift the money around so that the actual inheritance is not significant . 
  however the ones barely above the threshold will most likely lose their entire inheritance in the process and have to liquidate it to pay for the tax . 
   not have pensions ( / s ) which means that the state replaces pensions with benefits which is in no way a more stable system . 
  i would say the biggest one in austria is [ lyoness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lyoness ) but the company claims it 's not one but more a mlm scheme . 
  they are allowed to operate because proving that they are a pyramid has been challenging apparently . 
  as they are still growing mad there does not seem to be an end to their bubble so far . 
  the problem is that the main replacement for paygo is a chilean style pension system which is not significantly better . 
  it has the short term advantage that people feel more ownership about their pensions that they are more likely to balance it out better but even there you have the state to fall in for failed contributions so the same problem resurfaces , just outside of the main pension system . 
  he 's using bitcoin for his pyramids now . 
  are you saying i 'm an old fart now ?
