  if they are not happy where they end up they can leave the union again back to their home . 
  this is already handled through the dublin regulation and completely irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
   no they are not . 
  yes they are and it 's pointless to continue discussing this topic . 
   refugee status does not give a person schengen visa `` refugee status '' is irrelevant because we are talking about asylum seekers and not accepted refugees . 
  it does not matter if you cross a border irregularly before becoming an accepted refugee . 
  if you apply for asylum then the protocol kicks in an everything goes through a process . 
  when you come out as a refugee then none of your irregular border crossings matter . 
  if you are rejected then you are given the choice to leave the country without consequences . 
  if you decide to stay * then * you crossed a border illegally . 
   what austria and germany get from the eu is far far far more than what these `` racist '' countries get . 
  nowhere was racism part of the discussion , but if you want to erode this discussion even further you can have it alone . 
   this is why you will never see austria or germany threatening to leave the eu . 
  no , because `` threatening '' to do something is just a way to extort people for getting your way . 
  and that 's not something germany or austria generally do . 
  we 're not going to devolve to this sort of behavior . 
  there are plenty of people in austria who would love to leave the union . 
  in fact , close to 50 % . 
   what 's the difference if slovenia is gon na get your refugees anyways an order of magnitude at the least . 
   problem is that refugees are illegally in eu they are not . 
  they are here completely legal . 
   refugees do not have schengen visa . 
  they are not allowed to cross austrian boarder or leave austria . 
  also i believe dublin ii might be in violation too . 
  you are very wrong on this and i 'm honestly no longer going to discuss this topic here . 
  i have already understood that this subreddit has a problems with refugees . 
  you can read the directives yourself if you do n't want to believe me . 
   so you wo n't defend your borders because refugees would need to end up in accumulating in different country way to spin the situation . 
  say you are slovenia : would you want austria to close the border to slovenia ? 
  surely not . 
  what twisted logic is this ? 
  the whole point was to * not * put up borders within schengen and that does not work if there is no redistribution of refugees . 
   i do n't recall arrangement saying that if austria ignores international laws and lets hundred of thousand of people loiter around it 's territory it becomes other member state problem . 
  which international law are we ignoring exactly ? 
   there is also another question . 
  were was austria when italy and greece were struggling ? 
  paying into the european union as always . 
  what exactly should we have done in addition ? 
   you realize that we still have huge wealth gap you realize that refugees are a tiny , tine expenditure for a country ? 
  it 's insignificant if properly distributed . 
  if the eu would have applied your thinking then it would never have expanded . 
  i 'm sure you have better ideas than a deal with turkey . 
   instead of criticizing hungary your government could help them and perhaps limit number of refugees . 
  we ca n't limit shit . 
  if we limit anything then everything breaks down because they will start to accumulate elsewhere . 
  also what do you want . 
  build a border within schengen to hungary ? 
  we already decided on putting up small barriers to control the flow and that is happening . 
  that faymann critized hungary has already been heavily discussed within austria and our foreign minister and others disagrees with the complaint about the fence . 
  faymann is not austria . 
   i was rather under impression that eu is based on partnership . 
  it is . 
  so what kind of partnership is it if countries accept eu funding but do not even want to take refugees from the ones who pay ? 
   now , austria first was quick to criticize those opposing refugees and now wants to force other country to take theirs why is this our fault ? 
  we did not invite them and we have more than we can deal with . 
  the countries not wanting them get more out of the eu than they pay in . 
  is this not an unfair concept ? 
  you misspelt londonderry :p, 
   so is what russia is doing . 
  erm , no . 
  that is not an act of war . 
   they are , because they create a parallel society , who deny rights to women , engage in excessive production of children in comparison to secular society and are involved in much of the backwards conservatism that dominates everyday life and politics . 
  in austria ? 
  citation needed . 
  there has not been any extremist catholic kindergartens for many , many years . 
   so what do islamic schools have to do with integration ? 
  first of all we 're talking about kindergartens and not schools . 
  secondly the purpose of the mandatory kindergarten visit is to be integrated into society so that children can start with their proper school education . 
  this means that when the leave kindergarten they are supposed to speaking german on an acceptable level and understand the society they are living in . 
  this works independently of which kindergarten you go to . 
  the criticism against those kindergartens in question is that they are partially funded by the state and raise the children into a parallel society . 
  he 's not calling for the closure of all islamic kindergartens either . 
  he 's concerned about the ones where children do not learn german and are integrated into austrian societies . 
  closing the strait is an act of war . 
  austria is missing in the list . 
  irrelevance proven once again , 
   current figures are in . 
  austria is now at 9,2 % , compared to the 5,6 % in the graphic . 
  different measurement . 
  national unemployment statistics are useless for international comparison . 
   austria was able to `` hide '' several percentage points of unemployed via counting people in training courses the ams ( arbeitsmarktservice , the national ( un ) employment agency ) for a long time and politicans able to play the `` compared to the rest of the eu ... '' - card ; but since a lack of money has forced them to drastically reduce the number of ( often worthless ) training courses , even the buttered-up figures ca n't be tweaked to hide the truth anymore . 
  yeah , that 's not actually why the unemployment numbers are raising but keep telling yourself that , 
  that 's the same argument people brought up about malaysia however . 
  and that just got sharia law in some places very recently . 
  the daily mail has [ a different headline ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3336523/russian-mp-blown-having-sex-husband-car-detonated-explosive-fit-jealousy.html ) : `` glamorous russian mp is blown up while having sex with her husband in the back of their car ` after he detonated explosives in a fit of jealousy ' '', 
  the distance i drive regularly is higher than what a base model s can do in winter . 
  the base range is a little over 400 , so you can only do about ~ 320 in winter which is not enough . 
  the 86kw model barely does the 400km in winter . 
  that was my point . 
  ( also the 86kw model is north of 95.000 eur which is significantly more than i 'm willing to pay for a car , even with leasing ) not saying it 's not a cool car , but it would not work for me . 
   you actually do get that kind of range ( ~ 400 km ) . 
  see the experience of norwegian tesla owners here . 
  that is for the 85 kwh model which is quite a bit more expensive . 
  the base model only does 400 . 
   tesla model s range is 426km / 265mi . 
  only on the 85kw model and you do not have that range at colder temperatures . 
  i was seriously considering the car because with leasing it 's not too bad , but in the end i decided differently just because i do not want to bother with it right now . 
  next time . 
  there is actually one right next to me which is neat , but there is none halfway into the trip . 
  / / edit : apparently they now opened in in graz , still a detour from the highway .
