  and you continue to insist to let trash in ? 
  `` trash '' is a disgusting word to use on humans . 
  there are good and bad people in all populations . 
  there are plenty of austrians who do things i would consider questionable and i still have to live with them . 
  the only way to solve this is to solve education and give police and courts a framework to work with . 
   hahaha , no wonder western europeans are pathetic weaklings mate . 
  no wonder your culture is faltering more with each decade . 
  it 's not weak to be accepting of change . 
  if anything i would argue that fear of change is the policy of the weak mind . 
  what exactly you mean by `` faltering '' you probably do n't even know yourself . 
  what exactly would you describe as a country which has better answers to the problems of the modern world ? 
   that is because you do not think much of the potential threat of a significant demographic shift . 
  i 'm pretty sure at this point in austria this demographic degradation has already happened , specifically referring to your young population . 
  if only demographic development can be projected   people with completely different cultures , ethnicity , and heritage will completely integrate and as a group be no different than a native austrian , right ? 
  oh if anything i hope they will be different . 
  we all should evolve as a society and not hold on to old times . 
  we need a more liberal and open minded population if we want to stay relevant in the next 100 years . 
   this is why switzerland will always be better than shithole austria . 
  i suppose it 's your right to call austria a `` shithole '' but that does not mean that an austrian has to agree with this . 
  you 're welcome to have your opinions and to contribute to your own country ( whatever that is ) going the way of your views . 
  switzerland did a lot right historically and is surely a country to keep as a reference . 
  however in the last 70 years i think austria did tremendous development which made it raise from the ashes of ww2 better than many others . 
  switzerland had a big benefit of being neutral in the war and surviving it without major problems . 
  not everybody was in that lucky of a situation . 
  switzerland and austria traditionally have very similar asylum numbers and the immigration population in switzerland is significantly higher than the one of austria . 
  not even sure why you picked that one was a comparison . 
  for starters that 's not even the president 's decision to make . 
  but nobody in austria has an open borders policy . 
  he is conceptionally positive to it ( so are many others including myself ) . 
  he dislikes the current version of it ( which also includes many others like myself ) . 
   wait , are you painting all foreign groups under the same brush ? 
  so are you saying that all foreign groups contribute economically ? 
  or just european ones ? 
  i did exactly the opposite : i pointed out that not all groups are the same and i mentioned that overall foreigners are an important part of austrian culture , the economy and social system . 
  making a broad stroke like hofer did in throwing all foreigners into the same bucket is going to ruin the country . 
  we already have a government which is working on policies to break `` the immigration problem '' into smaller manageable junks with different programs . 
   also , social services is n't everything . 
  not even sure what that means in this discussion . 
   did you just say your country , being a wealthy western european country , is incapable of stripping benefits to foreigners/refugees , giving nothing to those denied asylum , changing asylum rules to cater to people who are in immediate danger in their society , and deport those who ere denied asylum ? 
  ignoring the fact that this topic has nothing to do with the president of austria and as such is completely irrelevant in this discussion let me give you some insight into this which you appear to lack entirely : accepted refugees and foreigners are given benefits ; denied asylum seekers do not . 
  we do not need a new law for this , this has been the case since forever . 
   the solution exactly is to identify which groups are shitty and which are n't . 
  i agree , and neither hofer nor vdb will make that a thing since they are presidents and not in the government . 
  we already have a government which is working on this . 
  if fpoe would get elected to the government then they would just take a shitty shortcut and push through policies which would do great harm to the country and economy by not doing this . 
  instead they would set a simple time limit on when you are able to claim benefits missing entirely the knock-on effects . 
   what the fuck is your solution and vdb 's solution anyway lmao ? 
  let in more muslims and africans ? 
  i do not know what vdb 's solution is because it 's irrelevant . 
  he was elected president and not chancellor . 
  i 'm not sure what problem you are talking about however where you want to know my opinion . 
  solution to the refugee influx ? 
  solution to the integration problematic ? 
  those are very different problems . 
  the refugree influx is currently not really a hot issue and it 's mostly out of the hands of austria . 
  we already have temporary border controls which put some pressure on finding international solutions . 
  ideally hotspots for refugee applications would be erected on the schengen borders and then rank applications in likelyhood of being accepted and then start a redistribution program . 
  if it happens or not however i can not judge . 
  not sure what realistic alternatives to it would exist however . 
  note that the main reason for the influx of refugees is a psychological issue and not a management or legal issue . 
  there would be fewer refugees if the consequences of denial would be more severe or if ngos would not pour some fuel into the fire . 
  i think very little of the idea of stripping refugees from benefits in general . 
  the worst that can happen to a society is a society where some have to live off so little that they become an issue for everybody else . 
  first of all it 's not right , secondly it turns into a nasty environment quickly . 
  we do not need more beggars , drug dealers or lingering disease , yet exactly that happens if you have thousands of people living in a country without money or a reasonable way to get income . 
  solution to the integration problematic ? 
  i think we 're doing a much better job now than two or three years ago . 
  the processes were streamlined , german courses are offered on all levels now and the funding for them is bound to a feedback system where the funding depends on the success rate of the courses as such . 
  people are given value courses , soft punishment systems are put in place to deal with some of the most common problems that refusal can cause . 
  the criminal law is tightened up for dealing on the streets to give some power back to police which can lead to stronger enforcement of petty crime . 
  but those are not the real issues of the country . 
  i am not sure what your educational background is or how much you actually know about the country and economy , but i can tell you that i 'm spending a ton of time looking at the underlying issues here . 
  the situation is complex and rooted in many broken institutions and an administrative overhead . 
  none of those things are even remotely related to the refugee situation . 
  if anything something very good happened as a result of it : government itself now slowly has to deal with itself in other aspects that shortcomings of the system become more obvious . 
  nostrification is simplified now as a direct result of it and the government was for the first time exposed to the overly strict building regulations that the individual states have . 
  i can see that this new insight will at least manifest itself in the sense that it 's now a known issue and not hearsay . 
  we have a new chancellor who appears to be heading the right direction and i want to give that a chance . 
  elections will come anyways . 
   could n't they make it open both ways then ? 
  ( to save space ) double hinges maybe ? 
  windows and doors that open both ways are incredibly hard to isolate . 
  also generally opening to the inside has turned out to be preferable for a few reasons : easier to clean and safer when in tilt mode ( if tilted the window is held by a small metal lash and gravity . 
  if the lash breaks the window can fall down . 
  it 's safer to fall to the inside where it will drop down a mere meter than outside where it can fall down tens of meters ) . 
   why would n't you be able to do that on a window thats opening on the outside ? 
  just tilt outwards ? 
  you can have windows that tilt outwards but the mechanism is different . 
  for instance in the us you often see windows that hinge outwards with a little crank . 
  however generally a tilt and turn window is just more expensive to begin with from the construction and because it requires a really sturdy frame . 
  so if you already have to invest more money , why would you go with the inferior opening method ( to the outside ) ? 
  people prefer windows opening to the inside for cleaning and aesthetic reasons . 
   anyone know why ? 
  basically because of the mechanism in the video . 
  if you want to tilt it you can only do that on a window that opens to the inside . 
  the main reason windows to the outside are popular in the uk and denmark is that they are cheaper to build to sustain strong winds and wetness as the wind presses the window inwards . 
  in germany/austria and many other countries however the weather gets really cold that you need massive windows and insolation anyways that you ca n't save cost by making it open to the outside . 
   there are attempts to `` modernize '' austrian families ? 
  wow . 
  in what way ?
