  uber is not even responsible for that . 
  it 's a shitty law that should be changed anyways . 
  there is np reason for taxi concessions to exist with the new technology . 
  a return is not required if they immediately pick up someone again . 
  see the very paragraph you quoted . 
  the law was written before services like uber appeared . 
  it 's absolutely permitted to drive to pick up someone you just can not respond to hailing or be a taxi . 
  the website intentionally does not do that . 
  use the app . 
  uberpop is a hack for some european markets . 
  uberx is the same one you have in us cities . 
  not sure why they have to return to a depot . 
  rental car services do n't do that in austria either . 
  uber is significantly cheaper than regular taxis in vienna , more reliable , always accepts cards and sends a receipy by mail . 
  i 'm a happy customer . 
  huh ? 
  neither uberx nor uber black are illegal in austria . 
  which regulation are talking about and which uber service are you missing ? 
  i 'm travelling right now and got a volume upgrade as a result of this . 
  does not work : see austria . 
  people smoking everywhere . 
  and it 's retarded and should not be a law . 
  thankfully though prison sentences because of defamation do not happen . 
  cool country you have there :p, 
   i use an ad blocker and i completely agree . 
  i do n't see why i have the right to force someone to show me their content if they do n't like the conditions i 'm imposing . 
  i do n't think that was implied . 
  they can just require a paywall . 
   `` her whole family wanted us to try to save the child , '' she added . 
  since the family wanted the child to live , why should it have died ? 
  travel does not imply offline usage . 
  and poland ( to which i replied ) : up from 860 titles to 1063 . 
  also austria is up from 1406 to 1533 last month . 
  it just had a set back two months ago . 
  the libraries are expanding and of course you can watch while travelling . 
  this is very misleading because it 's not the count that matters but the content . 
  i take many european netflix versions over the us . 
   you can sue in the us as well and it 's happening regularly by regularly you mean that from 1992 to 2004 there were a total of six convictions for defamation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_defamation_law that 's completely incomparable . 
   with \u00a7 185 , b\u00f6hmermann would probably just get a fine . 
  with \u00a7 103 , if found guilty of slanderous insult , the minimum punishment they can give him is 3 months prison . 
  the minimum for \u00a7 103 in it 's entirety is a fine , not imprisonment . 
  when you want to talk about imprisonment then both paragraphs can do that . 
  this is where our idea of law differs . 
  i vastly prefer the american system where freedom of speech does not end when someone gets offended . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  how would killing \u00a7 103 help if erdogan could just sue through \u00a7 185 and achieve the same result . 
  let alone why would we send people to prison for defamation . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
   \u00a7 103 stgb should just be abolished . 
  everyones agrees on this . 
  it probably wo n't be abolished after this whole thing has blown over . 
  why not kill \u00a7 185 stgb in the process ? 
  oh sure , but same applies to germany . 
  and yet there is a page about censorship in the uk and the laws that restrict freedom of expression : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_in_the_united_kingdom, 
   if someone makes a video making fun of merkel , they can get prosecuted ? 
  same as in the uk libel is against the law . 
  making fun ! = libel . 
  what boemermann did was not making fun of erdogan but to call him a goat fucker and worse . 
  even without that law he could still be prosecuted for libel . 
   this concept is known in a lot of countries . 
  sure . 
  but this was a discussion about freedom of speech . 
  most countries with laws like this do not claim they have it . 
  for instance the uk do not claim that they have it . 
   really ? 
  how so ? 
   i wonder why you , although you seem to know about all this meinungsfreiheitsthing , say that there is no freedom of speech in germany . 
  because under my definition of what freedom of speech is , germany does not have it ( and it 's not the only country ) . 
  i would not claim that austria has freedom of speech either . 
  i think this depends on how you defined `` meinungsfreiheit '' vs `` freedom of speech '' . 
  the latter is the catchphrase in the states which allows you to share pretty much all opinions you have . 
  the former restricts you to what is permitted by the laws . 
  in particular you are not allowed to express a positive opinion towards national sozialism in germany , but you can in the united states . 
  likewise germany knows the concept of `` volksverhetzung '' yet the same thing is largely absent in the united states where negative opinions are not censored . 
  in particular what boemermann did is by no definition something you could get criminal charges for in the us , whereas there are multiple ways in which you could be prosecuted in germany even in the absence of the paragraph currently used . 
  pretty sure there is no freedom of speech in germany but i might be wrong . 
  / / edit : unfucked spelling, 
  you will always be czechia to me , 
   why would you not tax stock options like normal income ? 
  because the law says you pay 30 % on capital gains . 
  the leftover is taxed as income . 
   not sure how is that possible . 
  some tax issue ? 
  pretty sure a company is free to offer its stock as it pleases . 
  and then employees pay 70 % tax on it or whatever it is in sweden . 
  why would anyone accept stock options ? 
  source for luxembourg ? 
  they seem to be registered in sweden : http://www.allabolag.se/5567037485/spotify_ab, 
  unfortunately it 's hard to get better numbers . 
  i do n't know how many overstay but the visa refusal rage is 4 . 
  ( % for turkey which is significantly higher than other countries . 
  russia as an example has 0.9 % . 
   did n't he call erdogan goat-fucker , kurd-genocider ? 
  basically what he enumerate a list of things you can not call erodgan because they would be illegal in germany in a hypothetical situation . 
  so he gave a commentary along his poem about how this is not appropriate and beyond what is legal . 
  and then he outlined what erdogan could do to prosecute him and what would happen . 
  unfortunately what he said would happen did not happen , instead of the normal legal path it 's now a state affair . 
   the two are less and less connected , yes . 
  biggest correlation of life event and marriage in my social circles are moving to another country .
