  however the nhs also costs a lot less to run than other countries . 
  look at how much of your paycheck goes to social services in germany compared to the nhs in the uk . 
  the could just raise the taxes and fix the funding . 
  the waiting times are not that bad and private extra insurance is not very expensive . 
   if our economy is stable and growing despite the sanctions , we are not weakened . 
  you narrowly avoided negative growth this recently . 
   the policy towards russia is not made by germany alone . 
  no , but it in the end it was germany that fully supported that move . 
  i 'm not blaming germany alone with this , but if anyone should have said no then it was germany given the exposure to russia it has . 
   its not up to germany to allow qe . 
  it was germany which blocked qe in all the discussions it came up . 
  and yes , it is the individual countries that appoint the euro zone finance ministers . 
   they can actually lobby for whatever they want . 
  the uk has lobbied for limiting the regulations on the financial services . 
  did they get a hit after the crisis because of it ? 
  i dont think so . 
  it 's news to me that the finance crisis was the fault of the british alone . 
  also the financial crisis was at the end of the day a failure and not a deliberate attempt to bypass legislation . 
   actually a lot of people do . 
  especially considering the possible economic consequences for the uk . 
  point me to one published study that accurately describes that the uk leaving the union is easy peasy and not a problem . 
   i would like to politely disagree . 
  should germany get ( as it is planned ) up to 500k per year in refugees from syria for the next couple of years i do think that that would have a rather crass influence on factors like birthrate , total population etc. 
  mostly it would have an abysmal impact on the gdp of germany . 
  refugees are not skilled immigrants and it will take a very long time for them to become useful in the general economy . 
   i would also like to point out , that the correction was made mostly for the non german population , the correction for the german population , but for migrants and asylum seekers . 
  of the 1.5 mio correction , 1.1 mio were non germans . 
  the correction is irrelevant . 
  i was pointing the current numbers and the trend which is recalculated every year from published births/deaths/net migration . 
  they are mostly the same with some offset differences . 
  not for population development because of the ramp up rate due to births . 
  people live a really long time . 
  / / edit : also :  while that is correct , that was not your source , it actually is way below the number you used as a comparison . 
  no matter which numbers you take , germany is not doing well . 
  even with strong immigration they predict that germany will shrink significantly : https://www-genesis.destatis.de/genesis/online/link/tabelleergebnis/12421-0001 even by the biggest immigration imaginable statistically you will be less than 76 million people in 2050, 
  the population number includes european citizens that immigrate as germany has a mandatory registration system . 
   what regulations are you talking about ? 
  i dont think that the uk should serve as a role model in many areas , especially not education and health . 
  * inability to open stores on sunday or employ people on sundays * hilarious amounts of regulation for what you need to pay people . 
  lots of business models do not work at all here because you can not compensate employees properly . 
  * strong employment protections that make it hard to let people go in many situations . 
  * inflexibility in employee compensation ( try to get any sort of profit sharing going in either austria or germany ) * an inactive employee ( due to pregnancy for instance or prolonged health problems ) still costs companies a lot of social security benefits . 
  there is plenty more . 
  also why should the uk not serve as a role model with regards to education and health ? 
  the uk has very well respected universities and the healthcare system is considered one of the best in the world . 
   of course its not pleasant for our economy . 
  austria suffering is actually not the point here - it was simply a counterargument to the article claiming that germany is ` weakened ' because we are hit so hard by the sanctions . 
  germany * is * weakened . 
  just because you did not fall into recession does not mean you did not take a hit from this . 
   how did we fuck it up ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
  how exactly is the current relationship between the european union and russia not exactly a clusterfuck of enormous proportions ? 
  all the progress built up over years and years wiped out in less than 6 months of failed policymaking . 
   we for one did not mismanage our finances . 
  you heavily mismanaged the financial situation of the eurozone . 
  qe should have happened years ago but germany did not want and we have been stuck in terrible economic growth since . 
  germany acted very selfish all through the past few years and it has let europe down a dangerous path . 
  you will find very few economists that support what germany did since 2009 . 
   this is not about immigration but about asylum . 
  this is a general problem with germany and it has very little to do with asylum per-se . 
  while the lack of enforcement in the last few months with asylum cases is abysmal management , the general problem started a long time ago . 
  and austria is just as badly situated there . 
  people have immigrated into germany for many years now and the actual integration that took place is horrible compared to countries that did a much better job at it ( canada , uk as examples ) . 
  germany 's immigration policies are almost entirely based on `` closing your eyes and hoping it works '' . 
  ( and again , austria for a long time was suffering from the same )  this does not really weaken our government . 
  your government was lobbying for weaker regulation for exhaust fumes . 
  it will be merkel 's cabinet that was complicit in what vw did and there will be consequences . 
   the predicted losses are actually neglectable for us . 
  nobody dares to make any predictions on what will happen if the uk leaves europe . 
  i 'm surprised you can already claim that it will not affect you . 
   that is with a shrinking german population , something that wo n't happen if you see how many people are coming to germany this year alone . 
  germany has been shrinking since 2005 and there is no real reversal in sight . 
  compare the development : http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+germany+vs+population+of+united+kingdom, 
   uk politicians tend to overestimate the importance of their country . 
  fog in the channel , continent cut off ... 
  if anything uk politicians are not enough taking advantage of how important the country actually is . 
  compare that to germany which rides the `` leader '' role for many years now . 
   but on what basis ? 
  the uk has mainly focused on internal politics over the last years . 
  where does the sudden improvement come from ? 
  to be honest : i would love to see the uk be involved in eu politics . 
  the fact that they have not been on the scale they could has left a terrible imprint on europe . 
  germany is a terrible leader for the thought process in the union . 
   not gon na happen . 
  but it should . 
  it 's ridiculous that countries like germany and austria keep employment regulations which are utterly unsustainable and expensive . 
  it might work for germany , but it 's utterly frustrating for being a business owner in a country like austria which has very much the same policies in place . 
   uhm . 
  not really . 
  despite the sanctions on russia being in place , our economy has rarely been in a better position . 
  good for germany . 
  we 're suffering . 
  ( however if you look at germany in detail you can see that almost any larger business is frustrated about the sanctions )  i dont know how he can come to these conclusions ? 
  merkel is at her weakest point . 
  under her reign germany made many mistakes and lost a ton of credibility ( fucked up russia strategy , completely mismanagement of the european finances , complete failure of immigration policies , the largest car manufacturer scandal in europea etc. ) . 
   i think he is misinterpreting the german public opinion here . 
  if germany doesnt give in to specific demands of the uk and the uk leaves because of that , i imagine it will be positive for angela merkel , not the contrary . 
  people are annoyed by the special treatment the uk gets and they are not to keen on giving more to them . 
  german public opinion is largely irrelevant for what the uk does * normally * . 
  however if the uk leave the union then germany will suffer from that the most and this will be a problem for merkel .
