  the eu numbers on salmonella are traditionally an order of magnitude higher than in the us . 
  chlorine * is * the better way to prevent salmonella . 
  that is probably true . 
  i find those numbers hard to believe because if eu chicken would have 15 % -20 % salmonella we would have significantly higher cases of salmonella in the foodchain . 
  however our notification rate is 20 cases per 100000 and dropping compared to 16 in the us which has been hovering around this for quite some time . 
  so the numbers should be comparable but a tenfold increase in poultry would not indicate that . 
   salmonella is still prevalent in eu chicken , while much less so in the us . 
  i was discussing this topic during the ceta/ttip discussions with some people here and apparently the numbers can not be trusted on either side of the ocean . 
  the reason for that is that by far not all salmonella cases are reported . 
  the eu assumes that less than 2 % of all salmonella cases are currently reliably reported but that they are working on increasing it . 
  i assume the situation is not particularly different in the us . 
   well , no , it 's really not a left-wing thing : correct . 
  but it is also not a right-wing thing . 
  that was my point . 
  that might just be because a lot of left wing ideas that are not commonly implemented are just not very well supported . 
  i think a lot of people forgot how successful leftwing ideas actually were . 
  social security is in many ways a product of the political left and it became well liked even from conservatives . 
  the german version even was a product of the conservatives back then . 
  but economical liberalism is not a left or right thing . 
   very basically neoliberal ( economist ) eh . 
  i would not call the economist neoliberal . 
  it 's all over the place and because all authors are anonymous you ca n't even subscribe to one viewpoint easily . 
   indeed , given a choice i 'd take more holidays rather than higher wages . 
  however not everybody wants to make that choice . 
  the biggest reason why there is a brain drain from austria is because the law makes it impossible to trade holidays for higher wages . 
  is it supposed to be viewed as something bad ? 
  i agree . 
  but the terms are important . 
  it 's not illegal . 
  it 's just hard to get . 
   how does it work in practice ? 
  pretty sure we do n't need to share with any country about which nationals we 've given citizenship to . 
  it does not . 
  austria fails to execute its own dual citizenship restrictions precisely because of that reason . 
   in austria , where dual citizenship is illegal , it has triggered heated debates centred around the large number of people with turkish roots living in the country . 
  dual citizenship is not illegal in austria , it 's just hard to get . 
  if you are born austrian you can apply for dual citizenship based on family reasons . 
  if you are foreign born you can only achieve dual citizenship if it would be too expensive / hard to renounce your old one ( eg : afghans ) or if the government permits you do have two citizenships ( eg : netrebko ) . 
   yeah , the glory days of european restaurant cars are long over henry on the train is really good . 
  they are ( still ) catering on oebb trains but the contract is running out . 
  / / edit : how the train catering logistics look like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbmfdgqbtom, 
  nicknamed `` slimfit chancellor '' and `` humphrey bogart '' . 
  i understand that though since marketing is still full of it . 
  same on crete where you see images like this : https://i.ytimg.com/vi/itkx6tjzj1q/maxresdefault.jpg ( when in reality barely any of these windmills still exist ), 
  there are not that many tgi friday 's but they are just always in really good locations whereas mcdonald 's and others are just literally everywhere . 
  i was amazed to see a tgi friday 's in minsk . 
  belarus is indeed a country of contrast , 
  they are not in the list . 
  also austria has no business being in central europe with recent politics . 
  will there be a new train that replaces it ? 
  they have some cool things like the yeltsin museum . 
   due to the uniform blue-green `` b '' sign across bank brands used to be . 
  that sign is restricted to psa powered amts and they are no longer interested in expanding the network . 
  so now more other atms are popping up and they do not have a unified logo . 
  because you need to earn more than 12000 euro or something to start paying taxes . 
  the 6 years is not only for married couples but also refugees . 
  the path to citizenship is two fold . 
  one is the default 10 year path but there is no requirement to pay taxes . 
  there is a minimum income you need to show . 
  you can also get it after 6 years if you pass german on a higher level and you are active in a nonprofit activity such as being a firefighter . 
  generally however the bar is reasonably easy to pass if you wait . 
  would they have voted differently if they only had turkish citizenship ? 
  / / edit : maybe the problem is not that they have dual citizenship but that they got german citizenship in the first place . 
   and that 's been going really well for us lately , has n't it ? 
  from my understanding of looking into this topic for a length time dual citizenship has generally been a benefit for countries in particular also because if terrorists have dual citizenship you can strip them of your own citizenship an option . 
  most issues were related to people getting citizenship in the first place that should not have it , not the fact that they have two citizenships . 
  which case do you have in mind where the fact that someone had dual citizenship was a problem ? 
   hoooo . 
  you are a rude fella . 
  what exactly did i do that is rude ? 
   but as you brought it up : i do n't want migrants that are a burdon to my country . 
  sorry most afghans are . 
  why even bring that to the conversation ? 
  i do not want migrants to be a burden to the country either . 
   not giving up your first citizenship while aquiring the austrian one is illegal . 
  get your facts straight . 
  you do not get austrian citizenship if you do not first renounce your foreign citizenship . 
  so no , there has never been a provision that would make anything like this illegal because it does not happen in the first place . 
  it has been proposed to introduce a fine if you get another foreign citizenship and you do not notify the austrian consulate however . 
  that is still a proposal and not really relevant to this case because it would only apply to people that come to austria , then renounce their own citizenship , get austrian citizenship and go back to their own country and re-acquire their original citizenship . 
  the statement `` get your facts straight '' is interesting because i can only assume you did not spend a minute actually reading the citizenship law in austria or otherwise you would not talk about `` illegal dual citizenships '' . 
  there are no illegal dual citizenships . 
  the most there is is unrecognized putativoesterreicher . 
  dual citizenship is legal . 
  it is not forbidden . 
  most processes of citizenship acquisition will however require you to renounce your old one . 
  if you get another you will lose austrian citizenship . 
  afghans if they apply are unlikely to lose citizenship because of the process for renouncing afghan citizenship being expensive and complex . 
  but again : nothing in this conversation touches the original topic here and you also seem to not be familiar with our citizenship law , so i would propose we leave the discussion here . 
   well why should those expats acquire austrian citizenship . 
  because they want to contribute to the country they live in . 
   those with illegal dual citizenship should loose it . 
  that 's a misnomer because that does not exist in austria . 
  you either only have one citizenship or you have your dual citizenship legally . 
  afghans get it legally . 
   ... and they should not get citizenship at all . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  if they pass the requirements and pay for it , they can have citizenship like every other person applying to it . 
  if you make that list you need to exactly show how dual citizenship is causing them problems . 
  and as i mentioned before : obviously getting citizenship should be hard .
