  it 's not hard in austria . 
  it 's just impossible to retain your old one . 
   well that has nothing to do with dual citizenship . 
  that would devalue it even more . 
  the value of citizenship is determined largely by two factors : 1 . number of countries you have visa free access to 2 . number of countries you have a freedom of movement to . 
  number 2 is largely an effect of agreements like the eu or the nordic passport union . 
  however number 1 is largely based on how good citizens behave . 
  so it 's vital that you are careful with handing out citizenship to not devalue it for others . 
  additionally obviously citizenship is a status symbol . 
  austrian citizenship has stopped being a desirable goal among wealthy expats and that is not very surprising given the constraints . 
   i do n't think it 's a problem to have migrants , especially europeans with different citizenships living in austria . 
  - i think it is a problem to have citizens with little relation to the country . 
  but this is * precisely * what you get . 
  you get people that acquire austrian citizenship based on practicality more than because they are connected to the country . 
  worse though : many of those actually do end up with dual citizenship anyways because they cannot/cannot easily renounce their original citizenship . 
  for instance all afghans become dual citizens legally out of the box in austria . 
   you can not run with the hare and hunt with the hounds . 
  what a pointless comment because clearly dual citizenship is the norm in europe . 
  there are only a handful of countries where it is not permitted or hard to get . 
  so yeah , apparently you can . 
  just not here . 
  and that is precisely what is happening . 
  austrian citizenship has been devalued in the last 15 years from something you want to have to something that you only want if your own citizenship is worthless . 
  i do not consider that a great development . 
   but someone who does not commit to the country should not get it . 
  that has nothing to do with dual citizenship . 
  if someone commits to a country is not determined by a piece of paper but behavior . 
  giving up citizenship comes with high prices and many people can not do it because the associated costs can be life destroying . 
   other europeans keep their passport no matter what other europeans in other countries however acquire additional citizenships . 
  there are lots of people who live in more than one eu country and have more than none citizenship . 
  this is particularly relevant now with brexit . 
   if you have two citizenships it is towards two countries . 
  and that is a problem why exactly ? 
  there are a lot of people who currently live in austria and do not become austrian citizens not because they do not want or not because they are not integrated , but because they can not give up their own born citizenship . 
  giving up citizenships is for citizens of developed countries a very problematic process ( you often lose visa free access , you can not quickly visits friends and relatives , you often lose certain inheritance rights , etc. ), 
  trust me as someone who knows way too many foreigners in austria : not having the possibility of dual citizenship is not great . 
  it harms the wrong people . 
   i do n't want a bunch of poorly integrated migrants to get citizenship just for the benefits while staying loyal to another country . 
  you have to commit to the country . 
  but that is exactly what is happening if you do n't permit dual citizenship . 
  austrian citizenship is incredibly easy to get . 
  the only real requirement is : speak a basic level of german and give up your old one . 
  if you look into the citizenship statistics it 's mostly immigrants from countries with bad passports ( afghanistan , iran , iraq , syria , in the past turkey ) that get citizenship where as europeans and other westerners do not apply . 
  not sure if that is a sensible policy . 
  ( also not sure what your comment exactly has to do with dual citizenship now . 
  it just sounds like you want stricter citizenship rules ), 
  not exactly sure how you would consider this good . 
  the main result of this is that statistically only people with truly shitty passports become austrians and others do not . 
  assuming he/she has turkish citizenship : they could apply for austrian citizenship but austria sadly does not permit dual citizenship for non austrian born people so they would have to give up the turkish one . 
  do n't think so . 
  fwiw , photography was in the same boat for many years . 
  that thankfully was changed . 
  pretty sure the license is for austrocontrol to make money , 
  but you do n't have to man the store 24/7 . 
  just open when people go shopping . 
  not every area has the same footfall . 
  you could open half the stores here after 12:00 . 
   this is very sensible given the privacy implications . 
  then why not have a separate privacy law like we have for other things ? 
  why should the pilot license be coupled to the presence of the camera ? 
  that makes little sense . 
   there are certifications for every other job , too . 
  for good reasons . 
  is it really though ? 
  because right now you can not bringe a tourist guide with you from another country that shows you around in vienna without that person doing a test locally ( which costs a ton of money for starters ) . 
  more so it 's absurd . 
  for instance the `` ugly vienna '' tour is acceptable without license in vienna because it shows nothing positive of the city . 
  if it would however show something positive then the guides would have to pass a test . 
  there is a lot of pressure currently to undo some of those rules , for instance the mandatory test for tourist guides . 
   do you mean stores where the only worker is the owner ? 
  either that or self checkout without oversight . 
  it 's a bit absurd because a security guard is allowed to work and oversee but the store itself is not allowed to open . 
  to go by my own country ( austria ) : - if you want to offer fruits and vegetables as free perks in the office someone needs to be designated to verify the safety aspects of them - each employee is entitled to a windows to the outside . 
  while the rule is a good idea it causes problems for places where this is not possible ( for instance imagine someone working in a server room in an office ) - to film with a drone you need to apply for a `` pilot license light '' and for every flight you take you need to file for a permit . 
  flights are also not possible on sundays or after 18:00 and in some places permits for filming are not given at all . 
  - to show tourists around as a tour guide you need to pass an exam . 
  - stores are not allowed to open on sundays even if they do n't have any employees . 
  it 's upsetting that we seem to be going from one extreme to the other all the time . 
  there are plenty of regulations i would love to kill but that would not be one of them . 
  personally this event has shocked/surprised me because it means that regulation is either really bad or apparently nobody checks on it . 
  if that happens to the uk surely that can happen to other countries as well . 
  sadly there seems very little transparency on this issue in most countries i looked into even if it would appear the standards are at least clearer to understand in most places . 
  since ft is usually behind a paywall , here the text from the article : --------------- every sample of cladding from high-rise buildings that officials have tested in the wake of the grenfell tower disaster has failed tests for combustibility , the government has announced , in a development that will significantly magnify worries over the issue . 
  sajid javid , secretary of state for communities and local government , announced the failure rate in a statement issued on saturday evening . 
  mr javid said in the notice that samples from 34 sites in 17 local authority areas had failed tests for combustibility . 
  the testing programme has been under way since thursday , when theresa may , the prime minister , told the house of commons that cladding used on a number of high-rise residential buildings had failed tests for combustibility . 
  the issue has been a concern since a fire swept through grenfell tower in west london in the early hours of june 14 , apparently travelling along flammable exterior cladding . 
  the blaze left at least 79 people dead or missing . 
  the government has announced there will be a public inquiry into the circumstances of the grenfell tower disaster , while the metropolitan police said on friday it was considering manslaughter charges . 
  the department for communities and local government had previously given only figures for the number of buildings failing the combustibility tests , without saying what proportion of those tested were failing . 
  mr javid 's statement said : `` the fact that all samples so far have failed the tests underlines the value of the testing programme we have set up with the building research establishment to get samples checked properly in the laboratories . '' the failure rate significantly raises the risk that further local authorities will feel compelled to follow the lead of camden council , in north london , which on friday night evacuated 4,000 people from four tower blocks whose cladding had failed the tests . 
  the council stressed that it took the step because of a number of fire safety concerns , not just the cladding . 
  the government has said there are around 600 residential blocks in england fitted with cladding . 
  the london fire brigade on saturday outlined the factors that made the camden blocks -- on a development known as the chalcots estate -- especially dangerous . 
  the fitting of gas pipes had potentially made it easier for fire to spread across the building , while fire doors were not working as intended . 
  mr javid said in his statement it was `` very important '' for local authorities and housing associations to continue to submit samples as a `` matter of urgency '' . 
  `` in the meantime , local authorities are contacting fire and rescue services in their area to conduct fire safety inspections of these tower blocks to inform them on what remedial works might be required , '' he wrote . 
  the government has not identified all the areas where buildings have failed tests . 
  but it has said manchester , plymouth , hounslow , portsmouth , barnet and brent all have buildings that failed tests , as well as camden . 
  it remains possible that some buildings will pass the inspections .
