oh , you mean the what ... one million or more german soldiers that do n't need to be on the eastern front ? 
  that would be some serious resistance . 
  i think the us and allies could have ` survived ' a war with germany , but it would have been a stalemate at best , possibly with the english throne being moved to canada . 
  i have n't read `` day of the bomb '' , but yes , you are correct . 
  thank you for supporting my points . 
  perhaps i was n't clear , but when i said ,  that 's why nagasaki and hiroshima were picked over tokyo . 
  i was referencing that tokyo had been bombed and that hiroshima and nagasaki were in much better shape . 
  most of germany was in shambles and would not have made a good ` control ' for the real power of the weapon . 
  additionally , again , the building materials were sturdier than those used in most japanese cities , so the effect would not have been as drastic . 
  they suffered major setbacks when the germans took the ukrainian fields ; that would have been just about game over , when the vehicles stopped moving . 
  they were only really able to produce those , because what the uk & us gave them allowed them to survive in order to mobilize such an effort . 
  without those , they would have not been able to survive long enough to produce . 
  okay , do let 's assume that , then . 
  that would certainly be enough to finish an ailing germany . 
  likely , even the relatively low-yield warheads they were using would be enough to stop even a healthy germany , riding on a defeat of stalin . 
  the question would be how much the germans could move west to deal with allied air and ground power . 
  at least 1,000,000 troops would be moving west and some soviets would change sides . 
  could western europe fight that back enough to nuke germany ? 
  i do n't think that 's quite right . 
  would you be so kind as to provide a source for that ? 
  if accurate , that would change the metrics a bit . 
  the invasion of the ussr did n't take place until june of 41 , so , assuming that the attack on pearl harbor took place and the us declares war on both fronts in december of that year , that means that the ussr falls in less than 6 months . 
  is this also assuming lend-lease programs were not in effect prior to pearl ( which may have not happened , when it did , if at all ) ? 
  oh , they knew quite a bit . 
  do n't think that nuking people who look different was n't part of the equation . 
  who was in camps in the us for the war ? 
  tall , blonde , europeans ? 
  japan had already offered a conditional surrender , prior to he nukes being dropped . 
  the nukes were used to attain an unconditional surrender and to warn the soviets what the post-war global stage looked like . 
  if germany had the ussr , then the complete recreation of the ussr would have been unlikely and that message would not have been needed . 
  now , however , there is the question of the effect on germany and her people . 
  with most of germany already burning by 45 and the stronger building materials used in german cities that in japanese , the destruction and thus the effect , too , would have been greatly diminished . 
  though , with no eastern front , i do n't know how pre-burned germany would have been in 45 . 
  the question is : in this hypothetical , when did the ussr fall ? 
  the building materials in germany 's major cities would prevent similar destruction and a diminished reaction . 
  not to mention that by 45 , most of germany was already a pile if rubble . 
  that 's why nagasaki and hiroshima were picked over tokyo . 
  there were only three nukes - fat man , little boy , and trinity . 
  trinity was used in the desert as a test and the last two on japan . 
  it takes months to make one now , let alone when they were new . 
  they did n't have them to use , besides , only the us had them . 
  additionally , the small yield warheads that they could have made would have had a greatly diminished effect on cities made of concrete , stone , and steel than they did on the largely wooden cities of japan . 
  the allied firebombing of germany killed many more people than did the nuclear bombs in japan . 
  the us started making meaningful contributions in 1942 . 
  the war would not likely have ended in europe when it did without the us front in italy and the d-day landings , not to mention the technology the us brought to bare and the fact that her industry was not in a war zone . 
  point one assumes that the us contributed nothing from 42-45 , as the war would still end in berlin in 1945 , without them and that 's just not true . 
  1/3 of all wwii dead were from the ussr . 
  between 18 and 25 million died . 
  the ussr did n't win the war , but without them it would have been nearly unwinnable . 
  likewise , the us did n't win the war , but without the us , it would have also been . 
  it was a complete team effort . 
  no one nation ` made the difference ' . 
  most contributed ? 
  ussr brought people , the us brought equipment , the rest of the allies provided bloody , unyielding resistance . 
  asking , ` who contributes the most ? ', 
  is like asking ` which bite of food made you full ? ', 
   the us would sell taiwan out to china ... 
  i think we would really have to ` wait and see ' for this result . 
  as much as the world stage has been changing and as much as it looks like it will at the increasing rate it is , especially given the us current behavior , i think that an accurate prediction on this is damn-near impossible . 
  i think that if it came to it , the us would ignore chinese aggression toward taiwan , but give it a week or two . 
   this may not be as big of an issue for china as you may think . 
  i think you make a real valid point . 
  have you seen the [ empty cities they 've been building ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3xfpyxhkco ) they are n't all from some previous economic boom , but some i think are just to keep people at work . 
   the problem is though that it will take years to build up the factories again , i say that with the rust belt ( which is rotting and may as well just be empty fields ) there are other more recent factories . 
  a lot of machines that go into manufacturing , both high and low tech , are built in the us still . 
  that is not to say that it would be flipping a switch ; it would not . 
  it would take time , but in many areas in the us the infrastructure is there and the facilities are there , it just needs to be resuscitated with labor force and finances . 
  again , when i say , `` just '' , i do n't mean a light switch ; we are talking years of reconstruction , but that in itself will be an economic stimulant . 
   i have observed that over the last decade or so i had a european roommate that pointed this out to me . 
  i thought it was rubbish , when he first said it , but it is getting scary . 
  i mean that honestly . 
  the idea that everything is for ` the veterans ' and that every single person in uniform is a died in the wool hero and that every one is constantly risking their lives for freedom and liberty and american unborn , baby fetus jesus and ... 
  the indoctrination is disturbing . 
  do you know how much of unnecessary stuff is clad in american flags ? 
  every mcdonald 's has at least one . 
   it seems almost as if the anglosphere never left wwii you are very close here , but what the overwhelming majority of people from outside the us do n't seem to realize is that the overwhelming majority of americans ` know for a fact ' that the us of a won the second world war . 
  not that the us contributed to the allied war effort and was on the victorious side , but that the us won the war for the allies and the ` ungrateful people of europe would be speaking german if not for us ' . 
  this is actually the view . 
  most americans do n't even know that 1/3 dead during the war were from the ussr or that the us lost barely more than 400,000 while germany lost 10,000,000 + , the ussr lost ~ 27,000,000 , or that poland lost 3,000,000 . 
  most of them think wwii started when pearl harbor was bombed in 1941 and do n't think that operation barbarossa in 1939 counts . 
  it 's really sad . 
   all the while there is a lot of chest thumping going on on how this could never happen here see the discussion on indoctrination , above ...  yeah i am aware of these things , but my impression is that although most people secretly think that way , the public narrative is a different one americans love the idea of the ` rugged individual ' . 
  the libertarian party in the us is the primary push behind this , these days . 
  many think that , `` if they 'd just get a job ... '' , ignoring all the intrinsic factors in classism , racism , sexism , etc and economically depressed areas , '' ... then they would be better off . 
  they have n't * earned * what * i * have earned . '', 
  it 's disgusting , frankly , but i do n't totally disagree with you , here . 
   they seem to be more interested in taking out the internal opposition than to have a united country oh , it 's about unity . 
  they want to eliminate the internal opposition , so that they can unite the power of the nation for themselves over the opposition . 
  much like symbols in the past , the tea party , et al , have taken a great symbol of cross-culture , cross-border unity , [ the gadsden flag ] ( http://blog.cvsflags.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/gadsden-flag-for-contest.gif ) , which originally was more like [ this ] ( http://www.loeser.us/flags/images/protest/join%20or%20die%20flag.gif ) - an image to unite the states under the federal government - and turned it into the opposite of its meaning in some sick , hypocritical , orwellian double-speak . 
  it is a federalist symbol , used to unite a people against an external threat , that is now used as a wedge for bigots to utilize the ` southern strategy ' and continue to divide the proletariat against itself . 
   the question for the last decade for me always was who the us will take with them as they exit the stage left . 
  as many as possible . 
  the fall of the us will bring havoc . 
  the us may be ( have been ? ), 
  a rather ruthless hegemony , but it was stable . 
  what replaces it could be better , but it could be much worse . 
   originally from germany ... 
  i 'm from the midwest . 
  been here the whole time .
