  it 's red , but it 's not [ my kind of red ] ( http://www.docspopuli.org/articles/fist_images/psmfist.jpg ) . i 've been watching harper , too . 
  he really has been spending too much time with the american right . 
   if the us is really at this point then i guess we 'll see the end of the empire sooner than expected . 
  my bet was more on a war with china over taiwan , but i guess an old enemy does just as well . 
   they could simply stop shipping goods to the us ... like it or not , they are still the workshop of the world ... 
  i 'm going to roll these together , because my response to them is applicable to both . 
  the prospect of an american war with china , without either one openly declaring a desire to rule the world and waging a war of conquest over the entire earth , is just not realistic . 
  the us would sell taiwan out to china with even less discussion than there has been over ukraine . 
  sure , their little island is strategically located , but it 's one of many regional allies that lets the us use their territory and airspace . 
  now , as we have both discussed in one regard or another , the us and china also have economic ties . 
  those ties are worth more to both than an open war for ... taiwan ? 
  those senkaku rocks ? 
  that submerged korean mountain ? 
  the us would rather keep china as the workshop and chinese leadership would rather not risk loosing its best customer , thrusting tens to hundreds of millions of their people into unemployment . 
  30,000-50 ,000 have been protesting at their nike plant . 
  imagine if they had just 10 % unemployment . 
  they ca n't keep building empty cities forever . 
  that 's not to say that it 's a one way relationship by any means . 
  the current us economy needs cheap chinese crap to keep the knuckle-dragging lumpen-consumer appeased . 
  that said , the united states can mass produce , can manufacture , has the human capital , the raw materials , and the facilities , technology , and the cash to build - it 's just not . 
  china makes products cheaper , because of lower labor costs and regulations . 
  i am a strong supporter of the ` living wage ' and strong regulation , combined with labor unions and worker-directed enterprises , but have you seen who 's gaining ground in our political system ? 
  people that want to get rid of the minimum wage , end child labor laws , and use `` religious freedom '' as a reason to deny health insurance ( i know , i know ... it * should * be universal ) to their employees . 
  they want to compete for the bottom and in a situation where chinese manufacturing dries up or becomes too costly , those are the policies that will come to fruition . 
   so they do have some leverage and apparently they also have a nice new aircraft carrier killer out there . 
  i know a lot of soldiers . 
  guys and ladies that were and were not scarred from iraq and afghanistan . 
  people that are frustrated with the wars , but would go back again and again , because they were told to , because that 's what a soldier does . 
  this is just a new ` boss level ' in their * call of duty * . 
  [ here 's how ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qawe8r9lfc4 ) the military is recruiting in the us , now . 
  these things are fun ; do n't get me wrong , but while there are people opposed to this kind of thing , they know that most american kids grew up in a nearly perpetual state of war - it 's normal for them ; it 's like a video game . 
   see this i am not so sure about . 
  many people , you too , draw parallels to wwii , but that was a different time , the country was more blue collar and many people still had strong relations back to europe . 
  much of that is no longer the case in today 's world . 
  there are two things here . 
  the first is that i was not exactly intending to use patton 's words as a comparison to wwii . 
  patton is a hero among people in america , still today and his words still ring true to many . 
  hell , our education system is so bad that i 'd be surprised if most of those people that thought him a hero would know where he fought , how he fought , or anything else , but the speech at the beginning of the movie ( which was made from actual speeches given by the real patton , just performed by george c scott ) . 
  the second is that most americans love wwii and any chance they get to remind the world of how ' * we saved yer ass in dubya-dubya two * . ', 
  so , while the parallels to world war two may be questionable , americans compare any military operation to the glory of wwii . 
  they compared noriega , hussein , milosevic , bin laden , hussein ( again ) , bashar al assad , even our own president to adolf hitler . 
   self-preservation ( of lifestyle ) seems to be a much higher priority than anything else . 
  what lifestyle ? 
  most americans are in debt up to their eyeballs and would love to have a war economy to ` put america back to work ' . 
  we have more homeless than ever and to cover it up , we arrest the people sleeping on the streets and put them in jail or [ in many cases just kill them for ` resisting arrest ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_kelly_thomas ) - i 'd post the videos , but it 's not something i 'd subject a person to , without proper warning . 
  [ we 've made it illegal to sleep in cars ] ( http://www.truthdig.com/eartotheground/item/the_rich_aim_to_ban_people_from_sleeping_in_cars_because_it_harms_20140416 ) , without finding a way to help those that have to . 
  [ we have prisons , owned by private interests that force inmates to labor for $ 1 per day ] ( http://truth-out.org/news/item/10548-voluntary-work-program-run-in-private-detention-centers-pays-detained-immigrants-1-a-day ) , sometimes to make products to sell to american consumers . 
  america puts on a brave face , but one more shock to the american economy is going to produce a lot a desperate people , who will look to blame someone . 
  it wo n't be hard to convince them that the reason is an external threat ; one that will unify the american people behind their ` leadership ' . 
  note : out of curiosity , as you said , `` someone who looks from the outside in , '' where are you from ? 
   they would have no concept on the idea of what the soviet union was or what kind of threat it presented . 
    furthermore , many of their peers already were in the military in iraq and afghanistan , so expect a lot of desertion / no shows . 
  and forcing people to serve will not be good for morale , at home or abroad , nor will it sit well at the home front . 
  as someone who sits in some of the most conservative parts of the us , i can tell you without any doubt that most americans , especially many of the young people , think of russia and the ussr as the same thing . 
  the fact that putin is ex-kgb only reinforces such ( however inaccurate ) thoughts . 
  now , as to the second point , in the us , being in the us military , regardless of the mission , regardless of the morality , is an honor and a privilege . 
  sure , there are some dissenters - there always are and will be - but in a war with the * red menace * from moscow , desertion will be minimal , like it was for the actions in vietnam . 
  to many americans , especially young americans with little to no concept of history and world affairs , except that since they were four-years-old * their nation has been at war to preserve freedom * , to come home wrapped in a flag is to have died protecting american lives , liberty , freedom , and justice ; it is a hero 's death , steeped in eternal glory . 
   yeah , the problem there is how will the rest of the world deal with this ? 
  especially the chinese . 
  they may not like the russians , but the last thing they want is a fully mobilized us either . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  mobilize their military ? 
  the one with no way to attack on a large scale that , while large , really is no more than a regional power , because of the defensive nature and posture they have preserved and maintained for decades ? 
  it would be a challenge to be sure , but only in scope , not quality . 
  economically ? 
  the $ 1.5 t of us assets they own is an order of magnitude less than america 's annual gdp . 
  let them call the debt in and watch the us tell them to piss off . 
  as that loss of cash cripples their economy and causes only minor damage to the us ` credit status ' , they 'll back off . 
  if the us is at war with russia , europe will be , too and they 'll keep taking financial ` risk ' in the us , because , after all , who else can they get to wield a military that size to protect them that they do n't have to pay for ? 
   let 's presume the us goes all in and images of shot down b-52s , b-2 and the smoldering wreck of a carrier show up ... what will happen then ? 
  more volunteers . 
  allow me , if you will , to quote general george s patton of the american 3rd army in wwii to explain the american mentality ( regardless of accuracy ) on the topic , '' * all real americans love the sting and clash of battle . 
  when you were kids , you all admired the champion marble shooter , the fastest runner , the big-league ball players and the toughest boxers . 
  americans love a winner and will not tolerate a loser . 
  americans play to win all the time . 
  that 's why americans have never lost and will never lose a war . 
  the very thought of losing is hateful to americans . 
  battle is the most significant competition in which a man can indulge . 
  it brings out all that is best and it removes all that is base . 
  * ''  the fear of a falling empire . 
  just ask the british on how they went about it . 
  indeed . 
   i 'd be very careful how much i bite off if i 'd be obama or any other western nation . 
  they may `` win '' , the question is if they can afford the price . 
  this is 100 % accurate . 
  i think that they can afford the price , because the us has been turning the police forces into a paramilitary force . 
  they will use this to subdue any kind of soft resistance and ignore anything that does n't present a real threat to the leadership and elites . 
  you see how much pistol ammo the us federal govt has been hoarding along with extra emergency supplies and the new bunkers they 've been constructing ? 
  it 's pretty clear who that 's for . 
  so long as the bourgeoisie are safe , they do n't care about the rest . 
   you 're also forgetting that the us just `` finished '' a decade long war on two fronts which , at best , could be described as a phyrric victory . 
  how well do you think the us could hold out / secure the area right now ? 
  i 've considered this . 
  i 've actually made this same argument , but i was convinced by the counterpoint that ` terrorists ' are a faceless , nationless boogieman and only a volunteer military ( 1 % of the population ) has been fighting them . 
  in a conflict with russia ( a concept that raises all kinds of imagery in the american mind ) , there would necessarily be a draft . 
  the people would have to fight the war . 
  with the us on a wartime footing and economy , every person would be ` fighting a great patriotic war ' . 
  the us could do it . 
  the american people would come along , not without standard anti-war protests , of course and routine opposition , but they would , because of 100 % employment and a ` booming economy ' .
