  it would have the same kind of effect that the * new deal * followed by wwii had - a massive federal spending plan to end a depression . 
  the only question remaining is : would they do it ? 
  i do n't know if they would . 
  a booming economy is good inspiration , but i do n't think it 's enough to take on the russians in full force . 
  what would sweeten the pot ? 
  place the call to the united states . 
  if there is one nation in the world that has been chomping at the bit for the chance to go toe-to-toe with moscow , it 's the united states . 
  the russian military would turn to dust in the stone crusher that is the us conventional arsenal . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=united-states-of-america&amp;country2=russia&amp;submit=compare+countries true , they have more men , but unlike when stalin said of war with hitler , `` i 've got more men than he 's got bullets , '' the us has plenty of bullets . 
  if the military runs short , they 'll ask the department of homeland security . 
  if the dhs runs short , they 'll ask the police . 
  if the police run short , they 'll ask the civilians . 
  the battle of britain and the air war over moscow would be footnotes . 
  it would be an awesome - meaning that any who witnessed it , took place in it , or even saw it on television would be awestruck - thing to see . 
  tens of billions of dollars of the best built aircraft and anti-air weaponry turning each other into shrapnel for weeks , while raining their remains down on the population below would be an unreal thing to bare witness to . 
  the supply lines would be a concern , but i think a lot of people grossly underestimate the amount of fire power and supplies in just one us navy carrier group , let alone one of the navy 's fleets . 
  combine that with the newest air to air unmanned combat air vehicles , where one person can control five or six aircraft at a time , attack submarines that can deploy over a dozen vertical launch system cruise missiles ( conventional warheads ) , the b-2 stealth and b-52 heavy bombers ( both of which can circumnavigate the globe , with little concern for supply lines , so long as the midwestern us is secure and two airborne fuel tankers are flying in friendly airspace ) , and the fact that the uk , france , germany , and poland ( just to name a few ) will gladly grant airspace and resources and you 've all but eliminated the supply line concerns . 
  the us has been preparing for the ` war with the ruskies ' for 70 years ; for good or ill , right or wrong , for whatever thought out or ill-conceived or propagand-tastic or any other reason , the us military has been waiting for this and has been preparing for it . 
  balls and lack of iq is what i commented on . 
  though i must point out the most powerful and capable air force in the world is the us air force and the second most powerful and capable is the us navy . 
  russian air power would not be easy to subdue , but if the us committed , russia could n't but submit to it without resorting to extreme measures . 
  there is one . 
  see : / r/murica, 
  if you wish to define `` war '' , a term that any half-decent historian or political scientist or military leader will tell you ha no generally accepted definition , then so be it , but an a-symmetric war is still war , insurgency is still war , resistance is war . 
  just because there is no official declaration of hostilities ( and there usually is from the resistance/insurgency , etc ) , does not make it any less of a war . 
  oh , a ` police action ' ? 
  still war . 
  ` terrorism ' ? 
  war . 
  undeclared invasion into a sovereign nation followed by corrupt vote and annexation ? 
  war . 
  insurgency ? 
  war . 
  if you paint the box small enough , eventually nothing is war . 
  it was plenty to kick the tar out of the russians in the winter war , which ended up fought , also as an insurgency . 
  it 's called a-symmetric warfare ; it 's how you fight a vastly more powerful , conventionally capable standing army . 
  have you ever read what che guevara wrote about guerrilla warfare ? 
  have you ever read the seven pillars of wisdom , by t. e. lawrence ? 
  the french resistance to nazi occupation ? 
  ` never let the enemy control any land that 's not directly under his boots . ', 
  warfare 101 , broseph . 
  it 's not just about marshal zhukov 's meat-grinder approach of , ` lots of men dying ... add more men . ', 
  there is actual strategy involved . 
  that ` ethnic russian ' bullshit is just an excuse . 
  putin wants ukraine . 
  mountains . 
  they can be a real bitch for tanks . 
  ask russia and the us about afghanistan . 
  `` the outcome of war is determinated by the number of planes and tanks , not bravery and courage , '' you say ? 
  is that why the resistance to the us invasion/occupation in afghanistan and iraq ended so quickly ? 
  i mean , it only lasted a decade ... and then some . 
  as an american , i get concerned about nato involvement . 
  i know that ukraine is not a nato member , but many eastern european nations are , including poland , which has been rather vocal in their opposition to russia and requests for military backing from nato and the eu . 
  to me , if warsaw is asking to be put between berlin and moscow , it 's probably a rather rough situation . 
  now , being from the us , i am also quite disconnected from the ground level discourse , but if i remember correctly , finland really does n't have much to worry about , even if russia came across their border . 
  there 's an old joke about that ... * in the winter war , there was a russian column marching to war . 
  across a frozen lake , a fin soldier stood up from behind a hill and started yelling , `` hey !, 
  hey !, 
  over here , you cowards !, 
  send me your best man ; i dare you ! '', 
  and the russian general sent his best man across the lake to ` deal with ' the fin . 
  a few moments after the russian disappeared from view , the fin popped his head up over the hill again , `` i said your best man , not the cook !, 
  if that 's the best you got , you better send more than one ! '', 
  the russian general was furious , so he sent a squad of five men . 
  a few moments later , a couple gun shots were heard and the general was feeling confident . 
  then , the fin , again , stood up from behind the hill , `` i just saved you five pensions !, 
  i 'm guessing that 's a decent amount of dirt and vodka ! '', 
  the general was irate and so he sent his entire column to kill the fin . 
  tanks and machine guns and artillery rumbled across the ice and , for some time , explosions and machine guns and screams of pain could be heard . 
  the general was beaming . 
  a few moments later , the noise subsided and one bloody , badly beaten russian soldier came running back to the , now quite concerned , general screaming , `` those rotten cowards lied to us , sir !, 
  it 's not one fin ... 
  it 's two !, 
  so , when russia intervenes to ` protect ethnic russians ' , how do other european nations - and/or the eu as a whole - respond ? 
  will poland and their mutual protection bloc react or no ... how ? 
  is this a major concern for many europeans ? 
  ` murican here . 
  i support this , but with your concerns and reservations about american-style laisses-faire capitalism . 
  capitalism , in general , is terrible , but in the us it means privatized profits and socialized risk . 
  we also need to have completely open borders and a super-national legislative body , which too many americans will be waaaay to fearful of . 
  maybe , but * again * i remind you that russia does n't have anything to fire them from . 
  like the czar bomb and the czar cannon , there is basically no way to really use them . 
  okay , so maybe the put it on all their boats . 
  the us has more subs , with back breaking vertical launch systems that russia ca n't detect than russia has of all the boats they have mounted the missiles to . 
  in short , they 'd never get to use them . 
  additionally , large parts of st. petersburg are still rubble from the siege of leningrad . 
  i 'm not too concerned about the military effectiveness of a nation that 's still being bombed by hermann fucking goring . 
  yeah ... real worried about russia 's untested `` deployed '' missiles , on all their non-existent platforms ( no boats , no planes , no bases ) , when the us has a deployed rail gun and laser defenses . 
  welcome to the 21st century . 
  maybe if russia digs marshal zhukov out of the ground they 'd have a chance at the zerg rush strategy again , but they need like another hundred years to breed the cannon fodder to run across the mine fields , again . 
  russia has always had good tech - on paper - but when it comes to deployment , they do n't have the money , they do n't have the resources , and they do n't have the people . 
  they sent them all off to die in great patriotic war or starved them to death , with their brilliant planning . 
  russia is so good at anti-surface that they have nothing there themselves !!!!, 
  hahaha !, 
  not to mention i can google the disposition of the entire russian fleet , including submarines . 
  those ship to ship missiles are n't even deployed , because russia ca n't afford them , because they 're too broke . 
  america buys tanks they do n't need , just in case russia gets even more stupid than putin . 
  and lastly , russian nukes are for shit , because they got their fuzes wet and the guy that owned the lighter drank himself to death - like half of russian men - and no one could afford to buy a new one . 
  lol ... 
  the war to defend estonia would take place right up the volga river , not in paris or hamburg and the us does n't * need * air craft carriers to hit their targets ( the us has long range bombers that can hit moscow , novosibirsk , kamchatka sub bases , and come home before landing ) .
