well the start was pretty good ... 
  the end looked like things were starting to improve , just those middle 70 - 80 years were a bit rubbish / s, 
  funny that few five eyes new zealand does n't appear to be ignored in the questions . . 
  they are the weakest five eyes member i suppose, 
  blue reindeer maybe ... blue pine tree ... blue mosquito ... 
  suomi can into baltic or into \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f , they have lines as well ... 
  but then again they were also oppressors ... 
  so perhaps the lines idea is now out the window ... 
  very very metal !, 
  eesti can into nordic now !, 
  keep the colours blue background , black cross with white outlines on the cross . . looks pretty bad arse !, 
  very metal, 
  first they have to change their flag into the nordic cross pattern and then they can into nordic . . 
  not harsh at all ... 
  i have looked at apartments but because of the massive building boom particularly in apartments , most banks will no longer lend to purchase apartments . 
  on the point of further out , due to a precious accident and resultant injury i am reliant on public transport to get everywhere . 
  i have looked further out but even suburbs an hour from the city that were once working class and suffer poor public transport are still ridiculous in price ... 
  if i look at it as a long term investment then i ca n't justify places in those suburbs, 
  you think you 've got a bubble ? 
  look what i have to deal with in sydney . 
  despite the fact i earn $ 180k a year i still ca n't get a decent house close to the city unless i save 20 % deposit . 
  problem is , prices are increasing faster than i can save , so 20 % is always just that little bit out of reach ... 
  depends what part of denmark you live in . . are you in hovedstadsregionen ? 
  i could take a guess that it would be vestjylland leading the charge , maybe lolland , \u00c6r\u00f8 etc. 
  traditionally i would always throw my home town of s\u00f8nderborg in when we discuss udkantsdanmark , but the exposure to the importance of german trade and the fact that most of the island of als works for danfoss means most seem to be for the eu but against the euro . 
  smart sweden is smart !, 
  loan them out and at the same time they can negotiate a free trade agreement with the eu and aunz closer economic relations agreement . . save some time ... 
  they do n't have a plan to solve things !, 
  the strategy is complain !, 
  complain until you have no breath left !, 
  maybe if they complain long and hard enough , someone else will come up with the answers . 
  leavers do n't have a plan for the future , it is about what they do n't like about today . 
  i will try and find a video i watched the other day and it was about people in the north of england saying that they had to vote leave because it was the only chance in their life to keep england white , and if the uk stayed , then poles and the pakistanis and the bangladeshis etc would keep coming . 
  they think europe will use be using sharia law if muslim immigration keeps up . 
  then the interviewer said , but in a generation , wo n't the poles have english accents and when you walk down the street look like normal english people and they would n't want sharia law either . 
  the peoples face . . they had never thought about it that way ... 
  they had tied polish immigration with that of a islamic europe ... 
  they had never thought that the polish would be their allies against their perceived threats . 
  its how you show people that you like them silly !, 
  we 've been there shoulder to shoulder with you in germany , japan , iraq and vietnam . . could n't be there for the phillippines , the british had us busy building naval bases to protect us from you guys , and we were fighting with ourselves as to how to form our commonwealth . 
  well ... 
  if brexit was really about getting all the poles and romanians out , how do you think ukip is going to feel when you suggest allowing 1.2 billion indians in ... haha not going to happen , people would resort to a scorched earth policy . 
  from an australian perspective , we are happy to take more british/european/north americans expats if they have skills that we require ( we have a defined list and if you meet the requirements you are welcome to come and work here ) . 
  its about a balanced immigration policy matching foreign students ( around 400k a year now study in australia ) with skilled labour ... just do n't mention boat people ... 
  on that point , my parents who spend 6 months of the year in india say that most indian people dislike the english based on sports rivalry . . my dad ( australian , but indians just assume english ) says that most educated indians praise the british for the systems of government and education and unifying the country of hundreds of different ethnic backgrounds etc into one . 
  dad says the poorer indians only ever treat him poorly around cricket matches etc. . 
  along the same lines of you ... 
  this is how some indians feel , i can not say that there are not a group of indians that still harbour disdain as a result of the british empire and its actions . 
  after the uk joined the eec in the 70 's the commonwealth countries were forced to find new trading partners etc. 
  even after brexit , the idea that britain could become the main destination for australian goods is laughable . . however , we have a very long and strong history of government co-operation , migration , working holiday programs etc. 
  leave campaigners have said that they would make it easier for australians to come to britain to work in skilled roles , something that have got harder and harder in recent years as the eu included requirements to source from within the eu first , and as the british tried to decrease overall immigration numbers . 
  the idea of the closer co-operation with the commonwealth includes all commonwealth members including the non white majority countries . 
  the idea of visa free travel between the dominions ( i.e. 
  dominions being australia canada and new zealand ) is more from a practical sense . 
  you could never suggest visa free travel and include countries like india and south africa because of their large populations who unfortunately suffer from lower quality of life and as such , would be on the first plane out to the dominions . 
  free movement between countries with similar quality of life , earnings , education standards is workable . . 
  i think australian republicans are using it as a chance to discuss our current relationship with uk at a time when the uk features incredibly high in our news cycle . 
  2 things will affect australia as a result of brexit : 1 . 
  volatility on the share market . 
  our market has not performed as well as the likes of the us , britain and europe the last few years . 
  this is a result of a weakening australian dollar moving away from the parity we enjoyed a number of years ago , and the fact that as a result of our relatively strong economy , we have not moved to quantitative easing like other economies had . 
  this cash has not flowed into our stock market . 
  volatility means that people are less likely to invest and sell out of their positions . 
  britain is our second largest source of foreign direct investment after the usa . 
  if firms in the uk do n't have any certainty as to the way forward , they ca n't make investment decisions and will withhold this spend until they can make informed choices . 
  a recession in britain alone would have a very small impact on australia . 
  even in recession time , british firms still invest overseas . 
  a recession that begins in britain that spreads to other nations could have huge consequences for australia . 
  i 'm not sure if we are still suffering due to the tariffs today ... 
  in the 1970 's , it was a massive shock , the country was betrayed , we were still classified as british citizens technically until 1986 and here our `` mother '' had decided to turn her back on us and team up with her old enemies . 
  meh we have moved on ... we have re-orientated our national trade towards asia , and the chinese and the vietnamese and the indonesians buy far more cows sheep wheat etc than the english ever did . 
  the british emigrate everywhere ... not just within europe , but within the old dominions . 
  they are welcome here , they usually emigrate as professionals working in areas where we need skills , and bring young families etc or cashed up old people who can still use their nhs to access the australian health services . 
  i read an article that british people are beginning to retire in india , as their government pensions mean they can live a life of luxury there compared to what they can get in the south of spain ... 
  totally off topic . . but ... 
  this is like the 5th time i have seen this link to this wiki page . 
  as i always say when this page is linked , i do not condone the actions of the british in india , however in your own linked article it goes on further to discuss all causes of the famine , not just it was the british ' fault , but the inability of the national indian government to implement coherent policy . 
  from the wiki page : `` whatever the cause of the famine , deaths could only be prevented by supplies of food from elsewhere in india . 
  this was not forthcoming '' '' in 1942 , with the permission of the central government , trade barriers were introduced by the democratically elected provincial governments . 
  the politicians and civil servants of surplus provinces like the punjab introduced regulations to prevent grain leaving their provinces for the famine areas of bengal , madras and cochin . 
  there was the desire to see that , first , local populations and , second , the populations of neighbouring provinces were well fed , partly to prevent civil unrest . '', 
  `` even when the government of india decreed that there should be free trade in grain , politicians , civil servants , local government officers and police obstructed the movement of grain to famine areas '' `` eventually there was a clear threat by the government of india to force the elected governments to provide grain , when the new viceroy , archibald wavell , who was a successful general , was about to take office . 
  for the first time substantial quantities of grain started to move to bengal '' even if the british were able to assist : `` any imports would have had to come from australia , north america or south america . 
  some supplies from australia entered the region . 
  the main constraint was shipping . 
  the battle of the atlantic was at its peak from mid-1942 to mid-1943 , with submarine wolf packs sinking so many ships that the allies were on the verge of defeat , so shipping could not be spared for india '' it is worth remembering that at this time , britain was at war with the nazi 's , their presence in asia had been greatly reduced and india was largely in control of its affairs . 
  as i said previously , some british policies helped contribute to the famine , but it was not the only cause and people need to recognise this when they continue to link to this wiki page . 
  as i said , i am not condoning british actions , i just wish that when we discuss issues and provide evidence to back our claims , that we discuss all factors in the conversation . 
  very much off topic , but denmark had been forced to commit denmark-norway to support napoleon after the british burnt copenhagen to the ground in 1807 for refusing to join the british and remaining neutral ... 
  ah interesting ... 
  i always assumed ( now corrected ) that the \u00c5land flag was representative of all swedish speaking finns ... 
  hey you have the sk\u00e5nske flag ... havent seen that around here much !, 
  yeah holland ... how did you vote on the ukraine referendum again ? 
  interestingly , i actually do n't think the australian government has a problem with it . 
  there was a news story yesterday that said that australia and nz are wanting to negotiate new trade and migration agreements together with the uk ... might lead to a three way agreement rather than an aus uk and a nz uk . 
  come on , we 've stuck around with you guys despite you forgetting us since 1973 ... give us something , why do we need to be treated like third world citizens when we arrive at heathrow and asked a 1000 questions as to why an australian would ever want to visit the uk . . 
  the reason would be that i would assume that aus and nz would not allow the full free movement of people . 
  australia with 24 million people and nz with 4 mill could be potentially flooded if 500 million europeans were suddenly granted free access ... 
  i mean it would be amazing for our tourism operators , but horrible for our real estate prices etc. ... 
  but it would be a massive boost to our economy , i mean if 1 million people arrived in the first year ... bam 5 % gdp growth !,
