  the paper which i linked to does overlook this . 
  it comes at it from a geopolitical and military sense . . 
  it says that the eu loses most of its relevance and that turkey and poland lead their neighbours following the vacuum ... 
  news alert !, 
  poland predicted to become major power by 2040 , eclipsing germany . 
  https://geopoliticalfutures.com/the-road-to-2040-a-summary-of-the-forecast/ i read the full document a while ago , and this whole article reminded me of this white paper . 
  it predicts that poland will lead its neighbours into a regional bloc , and here we have something that seems to be working towards that goal . 
  it seems a bit far fetched because of the demographic changes happening in eastern europe , but you never know what the future holds !, 
  starting watching this early morning australian time , and there was no one else watching ( if the ticker is correct ) , now at 14500 , people are either waking up or getting out of bed to hear the result !, 
  but you do , you understand the total situation and as such , you will decide who gets to publish opinion now . 
  always got ta have the other side of the argument or else there is no conversation, 
  while not stated , i believe the naive end game is that over centuries , humans will move around and there will no longer be the idea that a race belongs to a geographic location . 
  but in reality , it wo n't happen , as europe , north america , australia etc have developed economically faster , which means that they are attracting all of the immigrants and white people are not immigrating outside of these areas to africa or asia in large enough numbers to `` mix the population '' . 
  even though we may be very old or dead when it happens , we should care though . 
  we should be able to be very proud of our genetic history , and our cultural history !, 
  there should always be an `` austrian homeland '' , a `` danish homeland '' an `` english homeland '' etc where we can celebrate our differences and allow people to live lives that epitomises the ideals that these countries were founded on . 
  if you want to live in a muslim country you have lots of choices , if you want to live in a majority black country you have lots of choices , but if you want to live in a country where the ideals of the magna carta , the rule of law , the separation of church and state , our options are slowly being limited and rights chipped away ... 
  i think the point here has been taken out of context . 
  from what i read , u/nikolaz72 may mean that if you look back at the demographics of 1950 's europe before immigration and the guest workers scheme , then you would see something that would closer resemble the current demographics of poland i.e. 
  largely from one ethnic group , with a large population that `` identify '' as the same religion ( does not mean practice , just that if they had to tick a box ) . 
  i think it is ridiculous how asian and indian media love to portray australian as racist ( come on india , get rid of your caste system which is your own legal form of discrimination against your own people and then we can talk ) , but the un recognises that these societies would not accept refugees and this is perfectly understandable . 
  to state that places such as japan and south korea should take refugees apparently `` dismisses the unique cultural homogeneity of these countries , and reflects the difficulty of the languages for outsiders to learn '' bullshit !, 
  you want homogeneous societies and a difficult language , look at places like scandinavia and finland before immigration . 
  this is a policy of forcing western nations to carry all the load , while allowing other societies and active opt out card ... 
  if the japanese people are excused because they would not accept outsiders , then all countries should have an opt out . . 
  it should be one rule for all . . not one rule for the west and one for everyone else . 
  they were hoping that after 40 years of telling you that it was a good thing that you would stop questioning it ... it must be in page 1 of the political `` how to '' book, 
  thanks for the tip ... added to my netflix list to start watching, 
  a what what what ? 
  can you explain to a non citizen ? 
  is it still the law that all streets in belgium must be lit , which means that the borders of the country are clearly seen at night time ? 
  it looks to be the case in this photo since belgium looks like the whole place is one giant city , when we all know belgium is quite boring !, 
  the treaty says they have up to 2 years ... 
  but if france feels like punishing britain , then they could end all agreements within weeks ... 
  thats the problem , and why financial markets are stressing out !, 
  his solution is , it works for norway , so lets be like norway !, 
  forgetting that norway still pays 80 % on a per person basis of what the uk pays to the eu to be part of the eec ... 
  but they do n't get in any say on rules ... 
  there is no plan , its just appealing to emotions and hoping for the best ... australia , canada and new zealand are like the uk and they do ok outside of the eu , so surely we can ... 
  the uk is n't ready , nigel farage admitted yesterday that he actually does n't know what will happen if the uk votes to exit . 
  he said he is focusing on winning the referendum and then we plan from there . 
  so basically , lets get out , not sure how things will work , but i assure you everything will be better and in the background , we will run around trying to plan things while assuring you everything is under control . 
  yeah you didnt ' force anyone to sign the tpp but you are still trying !, 
  i would love to be in the negotiation room , but that is just me cause i , unlike most people , find government very interesting !, 
  but iraq you sort of did force people to join . 
  australia without the anzus treaty is fucked ... 
  i am great with dutch ... 
  understood 50 % of what they were saying straight away , but i suppose with danish german and english already under my belt , that it is not too much of a reach . 
  icelandic though , i went to iceland and could actually understand the basics of the conversation . . 
  i am not saying i understood the whole sentence , but i could understand enough stuff that i could respond in english or in danish ... after a week or so , i could start to make basic sentences just from watching tv and listening to conversations . 
  actually nothing better than when icelanders at dinner parties are talking about you , thinking that you wo n't understand and then come back with a response straight away ... it actually threw a lot of people off . . 
  i was n't talking down to you at all man , i honest was n't sure . . 
  i 'm sure if you reread your comment you may be able to see how i could also read it that way . 
  in serious answer to your question , i think there are a number of cases where the us recently has tried to use their size as a leverage against allies and friends . 
  trans-pacific partnership/transatlantic trade and investment partnership are 2 great examples . 
  these arrangements seeks to use the sheer size of the american economy as a carrot to get countries to adopt american investment , safety , environmental , financial , copyright and trademark and ip laws . 
  it seeks to give corporations the ability to sue countries who seek to pass laws that would damage their businesses . 
  these agreements were originally explained as harmonising laws across regions , but as text has leaked out , they are not about taking best practice from across the world and sharing this knowledge , it is about ensuring that american pharmaceuticals , entertainment industry , industrials etc get rid of any foreign restrictions that limit them in raising prices etc. 
  the second point would have to be the iraq war . 
  i really do n't want to get into it to much , but 2 points must be covered . 
  the first is old europe/new europe ... 
  the germans and the french believed that we should never have gone in and there was a huge amount of pressure applied to them to commit to the war , and when they refused , american rhetoric changed to `` we do n't need them anyway , they are old and outdated '' . 
  if you believe the leaked documents , there was also sufficient pressure placed on countries like australia to commit to the cause , as questions were raised about the validity of the anzus treaty if we were to decline assistance . 
  not saying you guys are horrible , not at all , but all i am saying is that in international relations , americans have a take it or leave it type of negotiation style ... 
  haha not sure if sarcastic or really asking the question ... 
  well as long as you are bringing the hills hoist for goon of fortune , this is acceptable . 
  see , i do n't have an issue with america being part of it , but i think that the au ca nz uk combination would be something where everyone would respect each other and would be equals . 
  america , purely based on its population and economy , i think would try and use it as a way to enforce their ideas and goals ... thats just the american psyche ... 
  if the rest of us did n't agree , you would do it anyway ... 
  i 'm not talking political union , cause fuck would i ever agree to something that would mean we would have to adopt some of the more out there ideas and procedures of america ... 
  but i think particularly between the uk and the dominions there should be some form of free travel ... 
  haha they already have one of those . . african union . . 
  what hat does new zealand get ? 
  one of those sheep hats which also act as hand warmers ? 
  but he 's still lurking ... 
  seriously i had a dutch mate who in the space of 2 months went from not knowing a single word , to being able to speak it so well people thought he was local ... 
  he even had our local accent pretty much sorted if he concentrated, 
  and then you just gave it all away !, 
  must have been a hidden clause in the trans pacific partnership ... 
  he gave his a fucking koala to hold , but he got the last laugh . . 
  the koala probably had an std , as was the fashion at the time . . 
  we are just good dudes , and do n't mind helping nato in iraq , azerbaijan and stopping the pirates off somalia, 
  i do n't know how our new overlord china would feel about us signing new treaties ... 
  ca n't be ... north atlantic treaty organisation . 
  we fought under nato commanders in afghanistan , but we are not a member and not covered by the `` attack one , attack all '' clause . 
  we have the anzus treaty with america that is the basis of our security arrangement, 
  i 'll have to keep an eye out to how you guys vote next eurovision !, 
  well abbott had plans to deploy 200 sas to ukraine when russia shot down the malaysian jet , so its actually not too far fetched . . 
  well australia is a continent , and we are pretty functional hahah, 
  do n't worry , we may not be in nato , but australia has your back, 
  well we will have to dictate that there is a mandatory tea break for the brits , usually during east enders . . 
  it ca n't be all ruling of the world and making others speak our language ... got ta have some downtime, 
  what about the danes ? 
  my family have fought generation after generation to ensure that sweden has all the territory that you wanted ... sk\u00e5ne , estonia , pomerania ... whatever you wanted you always got . . 
  so based on eurovision ... everyone loves australia ? 
  as an outsider , why ? 
  i know you share a border , but culturally and linguistically , there are big differences yeah ? 
  once the uk leaves the eu , we may actually be able to build a anglosphere !, 
  yes !, 
  we also get a cute little hat !,
