  it is a satirical way of mirroring to rightwing people , why that `` we are the folk . '', 
  stuff pisses people of . 
  just as they dont feel represented by the german people of that video , many people do as well not feel represented by them . 
  nobody would care about them yelling `` we are part of the folk , we dont agree with the politics . '', 
  but by using their typical we are the folk shit , they are implying that their oppinion were the only one that normal german people have , which is far from correct . 
  is it aggressive or meant as jokes ? 
  among suiss/austrian/german people it is as well habbit to do verbal pranks and shittalk on each other , but normally it is not meant in an aggressive way . 
  more like german and suiss-german dialect . 
  yop . 
  your benefit i understand . 
  but what benefit do i have ? 
  i think playing computer games is interesting and fun , still no stranger got the idea to loan me their pc-games for free or give me access to their steam library . 
  nothing against you people , but i dont know you , so there is no need for me to have you visit my place , and so there is no need that you know what my place looks like , when you wont visit it anyway . 
  if google decides , that it is to much hazzle for them to remove the places of the people that dont want to join in , it is up to them . 
  as an austrian they are quite comfortable to buy in german internet shops , gametime ... never needed it otherwise . 
  please tell me how is it useful to me , that you can see my garden ? 
  wow . 
  just because i received a kid , i suddenly have the full knowledge of my sisters medicine studies ? 
  cool , where can i get my dr. title by showing my kids birth certificate ? 
  dont know where that guilt complex myths always comes form . 
  should we have the responsibility to learn from our parents and grandparents history ? 
  absolutely . 
  should we feel responsible for what they did ? 
  why the hell should i feel personally responsible for things other people did 40 years before i existed ? 
  nobody would expect justin bieber to feel personally guilty for the nagasaki bomb . 
  i dont understand your argument . 
  `` see , these numbers proof that the actual political situation causes palestinense kids to being radicalized . 
  the actual politic resulted in tons of people hating us . 
  why are you trying to support a change of this situation ? '', 
  if you mention yourself how shitty it actually is , why would you like to support the actual policy , so that it stays shitty ? 
  i think it depends on the role . 
  for non-direct-combat profession , you simply should be fit and healthy , which usually has different standards for men and women . 
  but in direct combat , there are simply certain things that need to be physically done ( like being physical active all day with a lot of weight on you or being able to carry a comerade into safety ) and if you cant do that , you are out . 
  someone getting sufficiant support to feed , cloth , educate and healthcare 5 kids with a factory minimum job , does not seem that fucked . 
  i am half french , half austrian , two countries that are rather near , and there are many cultural differances between the countries in my oppinion . 
  maybe not about music and television series , but when it comes to work/life balance , motherhood - child raising , patriotism , ... maybe your friend should have spent less time watching television and visiting music-bars , and more time actually talking and getting to know people ? 
  i dont think so , school education is based on uk english . 
  not to mention chemtrails . 
  in my rural austrian area it is kind of an insider thing . 
  if you decorate your house with obvious helloween decoration it means that you are fine with kids asking for sweets , but it is considered rude to bother people that obviously are not into it . 
  i dont know specifics , but there exist some laws that forbid any habsburgers of the core family to attend certain political positions in austria . . 
  in german there are as well many puns that get lost . 
  just the whole kanye west fish-dicks episode feels completely lost . 
  so that must be the reason why western europe has far less stray dogs . 
  the poor dogs all flee east to seek shelter from us perverts . 
  there is no need to fake any data about it . 
  bombings in turkey and egypt caused people to favor holiday destinations like spain , italy , croatia and greek . 
  it has nothing to do with spains actual government situation . 
  it \u00b4 s what solewanderer wrote , the person i started to answer to . 
  as i did not understand why any polish people would do , what solewanderer described them to do , i asked him if he could explain me their reasoning . 
  if you have problems with people writing that , maybe you should question them , and not the ones that simply ask for further explanation , so they are able to understand the context . 
  no , i am not trying to be funny . 
  after the shit poland went through with the nazis in second worldwar , i seriously can not understand why any polish people , rightwing or not , would start spraying swastikas in their neighborhood , as the swastika is the symbol of the nazis , so i really dont understand why any polish people would glorify that after the history of germany and poland . 
  and i think two generations afterward , we should be able not to relate it each others flares to history that happened 70 years ago . 
  if you insist to do so , then you can as well say thanks to the 50 % of my french butt for my involvement in the french resistance . 
  poles spraying swastikas ? 
  did they miss history lesson , or what are they trying to say by doing so ? 
  `` we want germany to drop some bombs on us , to glorify nazi-time ? '', 
  i did not mean the songs , i meant the moderators . 
  when they usually announce the points of the several countries , all countries choose to present their countries point statistics in english , except france . 
  i 'll take your baguette in exchange for hitler . 
  the spirit of europe is about mocking germans with hitler , poles about cartheft , italians about lazyness , english on their food ... , and to agree , that we are all better then the us . 
  i 'd like to add your stubborn refuse to accept english as the european language of communication . 
  the year is 2016 ac . 
  the song contest is entirely occupied by the english language . 
  well , not entirely !, 
  one small village of indomitable gauls still hold out against the english language . 
  you had the right to control it , just as germany and austria did , when the eastern european countries joined eu . 
  your voted government simply did not do it , as economy was upwards then , so they saw big pounds signs . 
  beating polands for desicions english people made , seems stupid to me . 
  no , they simply go for their own interests . 
  do you really think the us military acts for charity reasons ? 
  during cold war , in case of an russian invasion to western europe , the us defence plans would have been to create a nuclear fallout zone at the eastern border of europe , to slow down the russian approach , so that the more valuable western europe allies and the us have more time to get their stuff in place . 
  i am definitely not interested to live in a russian satellite state , but i hope you will excuse if we dont sing praising chants about a country that planned to throw bombs on my house and my kids for tactical reasons . 
  eurasia is a landmass . 
  aircraft carriers are not that mobile in lakes , so for european countries they are far less important , then for the usa that has to go overseas . 
  some ultra-national turks are pissed , as austrias dares to expect turkish demonstrants to have the same standards as austrians demonstrants . 
  means you have to declare a demonstration 24 hours ahead so police can prepare the setting , streets , traffic and have sufficiant policemen in place in case of opposition or violence . 
  if not , you are an illegal demonstration and can be forced to end the demonstration , specially if you are a bunch of assholes , that attack shops of ethnicities you dont like . 
  additional people that are par tof the demonstration are supposed to be in place , so poor erdogan was not allowed to speak through a giant videowall to his mob . 
  then they were told by their mob leaders to whine about them being denied the right to demonstrate , because they could not just do as they want , but were expected to respect austrian laws in austria . 
  which caused some politicians to tell them , that if they want to demonstrate like they were in turkey , they are free to do so in turkey . 
  which obviously makes us the capital of racism . 
  as a rather moderate leftwing voter , erdogan can go and fuck himself . 
  i think potatoes as a currency , are rather hard to exchange via internet . 
  `` hbonordic.com is only available in sweden , norway , denmark and finland . '', 
  or series like game of thrones or walking dead . 
  episodes are released weeks afterward , because the television stations that bought them , want to synchronize them first . 
  i \u00b4 d love to be able to see it in high quality after the original release , without seeking for various torrents , and have no problems to pay for it . 
  just give your typical pizza delivery guy a bonus , and ask him for a hint . 
  as most stoners are pretty lazy and delusional about the smell inside their houses/flats , the pizza guys knows almost any stoners in your area . 
  so half of amazon.uk employees or the british post office ? 
  yop . 
  i always find it ridiculous , when someone coming from an area with no foreigners at all , tells me how naive i am about foreigners and their influence and how bad they are . 
  around our neighborhood are people from all kind of different countries . 
  i work in construction industry around our capital city = 65 % people with foreign origin . 
  but hey , someone knowing foreigners only from some fear mongering quality newspaper sure knows better about living with people from other cultures , how common burkhas are in our capital city or how dangerous it is here to walk around as a woman in areas with langer muslim populations ... 
  because i was asking how it was possibly , that i have austrian and french citizenship , when the poster before me mentioned that austria would not allow these . 
  he already ansehen my question . 
  thanks , did not know that .
