ah , the good old `` defending christianity by pooping on it 's meaning '' . 
  it sounds worse then it is . 
  as we are a minicountry , our combined policeforce are about 25.000 people , including office - / telephone-workers ... 
  there are no rampages anywhere , but police was forced to work overhours for several days , and simply cant do so forever . 
  so army troops will now assist them in organizing ... 
  they are not supposed to do any `` military work '' because by law they are forbidden to involve themselves in inner-politic in any military way . 
  chilling is the right word , because that is all you can do there . 
  sit on your ass and hope that unhcr and wfp got enough money donated , so that you may receive sufficiant food for your kids , and sufficiant medicine , so you dont have to be afraid of every minor flu or diarrhoe . 
  sit on your ass and hope , that there is sufficiant water . 
  sit on your ass and hope that some organisation might offer school education , so that your kids get at least the chance to have another life as grown ups , and learn anything else then sit on their asses and being dependant on other peoples mercy . 
  i mean sitting on your ass 1-2 years is ok , but it does not seem that this war will end soon , so how long do you want your kids to know nothing else then sitting on your ass in refugee camps ? 
  maybe they dont want any gold up their asses , but simply want to be able to work a shitty minimum pay job , in exchange for medical supply and basic school education and a minimum chance of a future for their kids ? 
  if i was offered that legally by a country , i 'd go for it too . 
  i dont say , that i dont understand that the actual situation causes us problems , i am simply saying that i understand the reasons for them trying to get out a shitty refugee camp and offer your kids a normal life . 
  in my oppinion we fucked up by not supporting the local refugee camps enough , causing them to move on . 
  they dont need women and kids , because of the `` familiennachzug '' - laws . 
  that means , a refugee that has been acknowledged is allowed to let his family move into the country . 
  additional males between 16-35 have higher chances to be acknowledged , because of them normally having better education then average and additional they are often forced in syria , to join whatever military party actually rules your area , while women and kids get surpressed but usually at least not drafted into some crazy militia . 
  so men that age have higher chance to be acknowledged as refugees and so get their family the `` move on '' card . 
  that is simply a scapegoat . 
  the true reason we dont like you , are your yearly carneval tv-shows . 
  especially , when you are austria , you should not trust germany . 
  first they vote our untalented street artists to their chancellors , next day anschluss-time . 
  i cant read it either , but if it helps you : newspaper '' \u00d6sterreich '' has a quality niveau , when it comes to information , that can be compared with used toilette paper . 
  had a coworker that was there in building industry . 
  if you have a nice boss , that is fine . 
  but other companies simply will take your documents , delay your payment for months or reduce it due to various fines , give a fuck for you being sick or security standards ... just google for quatar , soccer and dead workers , ( they are hastily building stadiums and infrastructure for soccer worldcup ) there is actually a huge debatte . 
  edit : sorry for being misunderstood . 
  the coworker was there as engineer for a german company . 
  so he was not exploited himself , but experienced how other companies , that worked on the same construction sites as his company , treated their basic building workers . 
  in first world countries , parents normally focus that their daughters are themselves able to acchieve something to be proud of , instead of marrying someone that acchieved something to be proud of . 
  maybe you were to busy posting , but the greek refugee system has collapsed , because of them being overwhelmed by the amount of refugees . 
  people are sleeping on the streets and beaches , because there are no more refugee spaces available . 
  even registering as a refugee takes up to a month . 
  refugees have reported that the were unofficially enciuraged to move further north . 
  the same way it is done now , only without them forcing to travel 500 of miles with traffickers ? 
  everything you mention actually already happens and is already dealt with in some way . 
  it is not about changing anything about the actual procedure of asylum , just about giving them a sort of mailbox office . 
  nope . 
  for poverty people everything stayed the same . 
  but as written true war refugees would be helped . 
  that 's what the argument was about : how the treatment of true war refugees could be done better . 
  the counterargument of making the system for war refugees better , was that poverty refugees would get easier into the country . 
  which is nonsense , because as they would not get asylum , they still were forced to do illegal traveling as it is now . 
  which means there is no reason to denie war refugees a more organized access to asylum . 
  as far as i understood illwgal workers are a big problem in spain and other southern countries , however they are rarely an argument for austria and germany . 
  i work in austrian building industry , and there qre far too many controls . 
  if a company gets caught , the fines are drastic . 
  as example you are forbidden for two years to work for any govermental organisation = 50 % of business . 
  do it yourself houseowners hire some every now and then , and then you still need to be afraid that your noisy asshole neighbors might call officials . 
  you cant be registered for a job , as long as you are seeking for asylum . 
  nope , you dont seem do understand . 
  he wrote that seeking asylum should be possible to do at the outer borders of europe . 
  poverty is no reason for asylum , so these people will then be denied asylum . 
  so it is not about the whole african continent , but about helping true war refugees to avoid being handled by traffickers . 
  additional that would ruin part of the bus8ness for traffickers , that are as well responsible for bringing illegal poverty refugees . 
  as a half austrian/half french , we had our honeymoons on the french tropical island of la reunion . 
  i thought i was rather fit when it came to mountain hiking , but some people there actually ran up that volcano mountain without sweating at all . 
  so i \u00b4 d give that iron man title to the french . 
  i went from a person getting a little slap to a person getting a little slap . 
  is your kid not a person ? 
  why do you think it is ok , to tolerate one person getting a little slap , while it not being ok when you get a little slap ? 
  so if you give people in public a slap , we should simply ignore that ? 
  if i gave you a slap in a restaurant , because i thought you were behaving unacceptable , you think that was ok , because it only being one slap ? 
  as an austrian , sharing the same language , so often having business contacts among germans : germany has a phenomenon , that includes many germans having the majority of the year a stick in their ass , while suddenly going completely crazy , once you mention the words carnival or holidays and combine it with a shitload of alcohol . 
  and after people complained , tgey can start again from the beginning , and we pay for everything meanwhile . 
  yop , that sounds wise . 
  austria : ski sports, 
  get away !, 
  most often it is less about investing ressources , and more about wanting your kids to integrate . 
  you are new in a little village with nowwhere to go , you want your kids to make friends , most often you only have the option of kids football team or voluntary fire fighter youth ( when they are a bit older ) . 
  how is bernie sanders the answer to my question , why you think that returning to pre anschluss status quo in 1945 , would be some kind of weird invention to separate germany and austria artificial ? 
  as you mentioned yourself , there was for a small amount of time a concept of maybe uniting the austrian-hunfaryan empire with the german state union , but in fact that never happened . 
  which means they always have been separated nations ( with germany most of the time not even being a nation but a loose union of different counties . ), 
  with separate politics . 
  so i really dont get that undoing anschluss and return it to the way it has been for centuries , is some kind of weird artificial invention for you . 
  did austrian habsburg empire have close political connections to german union ? 
  yop . 
  but we had those as well with spain or hungary . 
  that does not make us spanish or hungarians . 
  i repeated to your first post already with a post of its own , and your second post only involved the information of `` german '' war , so there is nothing more to reply to it . 
  i still do not understand at all , how returning to former status quo in 1945 that existed for centuries before for anschluss , seems for you to be some kind of artificial invention , but i already suspect where you got that kind of idea from . 
  you mean the deutscher krieg that is only in germanys textbooks called deutscher krieg , while otherwise it is called austrian-preussian krieg ? 
  austrians a subset of germany ? 
  austria existed since 1156 with its own identity , became an multi-cultural empire with connections among whole europe and a strong partnership to hungary . 
  the majority of this time germany did not even exist as a united country , but was a union of smaller counties , that often enough outplayed themselves , until a member of the royal austrian family accepted to become german king , who was then powerful enough to stay in power , instead of the former kings that all failed due to the politics of the german lords . 
  you think you can eradicate 10 centuries of different history with stupid 7 years of anschluss time ? 
  austria is a multicultural nation that absorbed culinarics , science , music , literature , ... of a dozend of nations with different languages and cultures , if you open an austrian telephone book you will find names from a wide range of nations , austrians kitchen is a mix of many different styles ... 
  meanwhile the generic german thought he was being extravagant if he added some pepper in his daily sauerkraut . 
  the majority of austrians simply laugh about that idea , just as switzer people would laugh about being called austrian , only because of them being part of the austrian empire for a certain time . 
  and our german coworkers could sing you endless songs about the `` non-existing '' cultural differences . 
  do you refer to english persons as us people ? 
  having the same language , does not make you one folk . 
  french found a nice system . 
  according to my french mom they made a law , that whoever cleared a piece of land from mines , could loan that land for a certain time for usage . 
  farmers then sent their sheeps upon it to activate the mines . 
  it is rather the opposite . 
  `` we are the folk ! '', 
  is a typical battle slogan of the far right extremist , expressing that political leaders would only care for their own agenda , while completely working against the will of the folk . 
  which pisses everyone of from far left to moderate right wing , because we all are the folk and there is no single oppinion we have .
