  the end of the war does n't mean the end of the threat . 
  why would we bring them back ? 
  so we can leave sk to fend for themselves ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i actually like having allies . 
   no worries . 
  at university , all my american history courses where taught by american professors , mostly with ivy league degrees . 
  i think that i am pretty up-to-date . 
  but not sure what my nationality has to do with it ... you took american history ? 
  i 'm surprised , most europeans think america has no history . 
   they mostly died `` by themselves '' , of course . 
  you made your own comfortable truth , so whatev 's , believe it and be happy . 
  bless your heart . 
  no , it 's just common sense . 
  why would you kill off the people that earn you money ? 
  does n't make much sense does it ? 
  all you 're doing is cheapening both slavery and actual genocides by trying to argue they 're the same . 
   maybe you are not american . 
  otherwise you would have learned that in school . 
  i live in oklahoma , and my step dad in native american , yeah , i learned a lot about the shit we did . 
   one does n't exclude the other . 
  if slavery kills of large parts of a people , it becomes genocide . 
  slavery and genocide are two very different things , you would know a lot about the slavery we did if you were an american . 
  we did n't kill slaves in any sort of number that classifies as genocide . 
  yeah , i know , but the idea there was n't to kill the natives , it was for them to leave that area so we could move in . 
  we did , and we utterly failed at that . 
  to the average person , when you say genocide , they think of the same style of genocide the germans and turks did . 
  yeah , i know the history of the natives , i live in oklahoma , and my step dad is one . 
  we never set out with the idea of exterminating the natives , we were assholes , yes , but we never did anything like the armenian genocide . 
  yes , there were massacres , but they happened on both sides , does that mean the natives committed genocide on the us ? 
  no , of course not . 
  i think most of the people here do n't seem to understand that i 'm not justifying what we did to the natives , i 'm saying that out of all the fucked things we did to them , * genocide * was n't one of them . 
  if anything , it cheapens the whole thing to try and accuse the us of genocide on the natives , instead , why not bring up all the other shit we did to them ? 
  for all intents and purposes , it is . 
  the alternative was a korean peninsula united under nk , sorry , but what happened is far better . 
  then we utterly failed at it . 
  of course , that 's not what most people mean when they say genocide . 
   systematically depriving entire peoples of their sources for food and have them die in large numbers as a consequence is n't genocide ? 
  what is it ? 
  not saying i do n't believe you , but when did we do that ? 
   systematically exploiting large numbers of slaves to build the base of a nation 's wealth is n't genocide ? 
  what is it ? 
  no , it 's not genocide , it 's called slavery . 
  do you even know what genocide is ? 
  nato may not be harmed the same way , but it 's still harmed by corruption . 
  nato is a military alliance , and if you have a nation in that alliance that has insane levels of corruption in their military , that brings the overall effectiveness down . 
  i want them to fix the corruption problem so we can have another powerful nato nation that can actually contribute things to the alliance . 
  so , from what i 've read so far , it 's just allowing nato to use serbian infrastructure to move through the country . 
  not really that bad . 
  source ? 
  i 'm not saying i do n't believe you , i just want to read it myself . 
  sure , but i was mainly pointing out that what / u/lucky13r said was wrong . 
  it is a big deal , if ukraine could get rid of most of their corruption , they 'd be a powerful country in their own right . 
  source ? 
  i tried googling for that but could n't find anything . 
  the us never committed genocide on the natives , you 're confusing the fucked up things like forcing them to move from their homes and then saying `` lol jk , we want it all now '' with genocide . 
  edit : instead of downvoting , could you instead show me examples of the us committing genocide on the natives . 
  we would n't be flying over belarus , and bulgaria is a nato member . 
  sure , you could assume that , but it 'd be wrong . 
  they 've been fighting two different styles of war . 
  the netherlands lost 25 people in afghanistan , and a further 2 in iraq from hostile fire . 
  that 's over a decade of combat , and that 's the only losses they 've taken . 
  that leads me to believe that they have n't seen very much combat . 
  compare that to ukraine , who lost 2,700 as you said , in just over a year . 
  that leads me to believe they 've seen a fuckton of heavy fighting . 
  well , i doubt we 'd get shot down over montenegro . 
  i can see your point , but we would be flying over people who are fighting with us . 
  i 'll take your word for it , considering i do n't know much about any attempts at an eu army . 
  that 's not really a good comparison , just because a country has fought more wars , does n't mean they have more experience than someone who fought one really brutal war . 
  it 's a bit of stretch , it 's all my tired brain can think of this early , but would you say that the netherlands has more combat experience than the soviets after ww2 ? 
  probably not , right ? 
  ukraine has been fighting a war that the netherlands has n't fought in decades . 
  there have been straight up tank battles , the constant infantry fighting that makes the type of fighting the us has seen in afghanistan look like play dates , with exceptions of course . 
  of course i do , but they 're not exactly involved are they ? 
  if i 'm just flying over them , why the fuck do they care ? 
  sure , but they have n't had the same level of fighting that ukraine is having right now . 
  the netherlands did n't deploy many men to those theaters , and the ferocity of combat was nowhere near the type of shit happening in ukraine . 
  i 'm not trying to be rude here , and i apologize if i 've offended , but the two countries are nowhere near each other in combat experience . 
  have fun with that . 
  one of the issues with gfp is they do n't factor in things like corruption , which the russian military has in abundance . 
  if we 're going by size , sure , the russian military is up there . 
  i 'm mainly going by quality , so it would be something like the us , china , and the uk or france . 
  edit : a word . 
  sure , do you also remember korea ? 
  i 'd say it worked out fine . 
  i also never said they 'd join now , if you look for the rest of my comments , i said when they get their corruption thing worked out . 
  you can have both though . 
  granted , the eu army thing is going to take a fuckton of work . 
  i am , going to be joining the us army . 
  hopefully going airborne too . 
  why ? 
  what reason is there to not want the worlds most powerful military as your backup ? 
  i 'm with you , but i would n't say russia is in the top 3 . 
  to be fair , they have more combat experience than the netherlands . 
  did you forget the cold war ? 
  we were willing to go to war over many different countries , why is ukraine different ? 
  if ukraine joined nato , you can bet your ass russia would n't risk attacking it . 
  nowhere near the level that ukraine is at . 
  what ? 
  as long as they try to stamp out corruption , i see no reason to not have them . 
  the more the merrier .
