  what ? 
  the us army is n't that big relative to population , so why would we slash it ? 
  i say that 's a dumb idea . 
  i do n't mind if they spend below the 2 % mark , as long as they actually * try * to hit the mark , i 'm cool with it . 
   we should n't simply not escalate the situation . 
  so ... we should ? 
  :p jokes aside , the issue there is how does one define an escalation ? 
  would backing ukraine with equipment be the escalation , or had the escalation already happened with the russians using the rebels ? 
  geopolitics can be absurdly complicated . 
   so essentially the us should intervene wherever it has business and trade ? 
  that 's a pretty scary military doctrine . 
  sure , that 's how it has always worked , and how it will continue to work . 
   however , i do not think any actual nato allies are under serious threat at this point . 
  i do , the baltics in particular . 
   russia is n't going to attack the very organization that scares it half to death . 
  * that 's * the whole issue , because you do n't * think * they would . 
  we should n't decrease our posture or tone over that . 
  we have to show that we 're willing to bust some heads for our nato allies , and backing off and letting russia take what it wants wo n't exactly fill our allies with confidence . 
   they need us more than we need them !, 
  that 's definitely not true , which is why the us government is focusing on the tpp . 
  edit : can not word good . 
  russia threatens the stability of europe , which threatens the economy of the region , if the european economy falters more because of russia , we 'd lose a lot of business and trade . 
  they also are a very dire threat to our nato allies , so they 're just as much of a threat to us . 
   from an american perspective , yes that is better . 
  i would disagree on that . 
  so , in other words , you 're making this us vs europe ? 
  the us doj obviously has case built up for this , and the swiss must think so too . 
  also , do n't act like only the us does that ( not that what you said happens all the time , anyway ) , european countries do the same thing when the us asks . 
  no , i really do n't get it . 
  how is the situation in any way the same ? 
  you are making it a europe vs america thing . 
   would n't it be possible for europe to open investigations about doping in u.s. sports and olympic athletes those last 20 years ? 
   the u.s. wan na play ? 
   let the game begin !, 
  that 's straight up making it us vs europe . 
  why are you making this a europe vs america thing ? 
  i believe he 's thinking about the hk416 and hk417 , but i could be wrong . 
  korea , japan , italy , france , and germany ? 
   do n't take pride in your country until you 've actually done something to improve it . 
  i 'm willing to bet that he has , i 'm sure he pays taxes . 
  yeah , do n't listen to that guy , brits gave the germans hell as much as everyone else . 
  that 's the point , everyone else is using that as the scale for contribution , so i 'm using it here . 
  i 'm getting flak for using it , and i think people do n't get the hypocrisy here . 
  k. i 'm done , we 're obviously not getting anywhere . 
   no it does n't . 
  yes , it does , that 's how english works dude , ffs . 
   so when you actually started fighting the germans , they were already beaten . 
  we started fighting the germans in 1942 , you 're wrong again . 
   yes it does . 
  you 're fucking stupid then . 
   yeah , you also seem to have a problem with english . 
  german losses includes captured , killed and missing troops . 
  80 % of their losses happened on the eastern front . 
  so no , the western allies were not responsible for the most `` killed & captured '' . 
  killed or captured by soviet union . 
  5,870,289 killed or captured by other allies 8,201,683 the western allies captured more germans , that 's a fact . 
  that does n't change anything , you 're still wrong there . 
  that 's still saying that d-day was primarily a british operation . 
  calling me a fraud just because you 're wrong , nice . 
  no , he 's saying that d-day was primarily a british operation . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35aswe/survey_in_france_what_is_according_to_you_the/cr2vvfj  the major operations like d-day and especially operation market garden which were primarily a british operation , were all american . 
   no its not . 
  i said operation maket garden which especially was primarily a british operation . 
  did n't say anything about d-day . 
  not my fault you did n't read it properly . 
  you said `` the major operations like d-day and especially operation market garden which were primarily a british operation , were all american . 
  '' , that means you said d-day was primarily british . 
   you were 5 years late . 
  the war started in 1938-1939 . 
  you first entered the war in late 1943 and first properly entered in 1944 . 
  that equals 5 years . 
  you do n't know history , the us entered the war in 1941 , and began combat against the germans in 1942 . 
   where was the us involved in heavy combat in europe in 1941-1942 ? 
  so , it has to be in europe for it to count as involved ? 
  alright , so the british campaign in north africa does n't count , right ? 
   that is a huge lie . 
  80 % of german losses happened on the eastern front . 
  here is the source . 
  stop with the lies . 
  its getting tiresome . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_%28world_war_ii%29#results[1] you have a problem with english , i said `` killed & captured '' . 
  this is some basic fucking english dude . 
   the major operations like d-day and especially operation market garden which were primarily a british operation . 
  you put an and there , meaning you are talking about both . 
  if i said , for example , `` mcdonald 's and burger king were primarily a cheap place to get food '' , that means i 'm talking about both . 
   no its not . 
  there is a difference between the number of men you kill and the number of men you lose . 
  k.  was what you wrote . 
  then i called you an ego nut and said that i did n't talk about you americans , but what the french public thought . 
  i was talking about you there , but okay . 
   i said operation market garden was primarily a british operation . 
  if i had meant both of them , i would have written operations . 
  that is n't how english works , you said d-day * and * market garden , implying you mean both . 
   where did i claim that it was the only thing you showed ? 
  your very first comment . 
   no , three months is not a lot when its 1 year and 9 months after the turning point of the war . 
  a little late to the party . 
  to be precise , 5 years late . 
  5 years late ? 
  really ?
