  i say everything i 've said with a german background too , and family who fought against the germans regardless of the family they still had in germany . 
  it 's because they were american first , and i do n't think you really understand that . 
   i would love to read about that , you have any source 's ? 
  i read it in a history book some years ago , let me try and find it for you . 
   and the japanese americans thought of themselves as japanese first ? 
  i do n't get where your going ? 
  the japanese-americans considered themselves american first , that 's the whole point i 'm trying to make . 
  that 's why some japanese-americans enlisted into the military , to show that they supported the us , not japan . 
   since germans thought of themselves as americans first they are ok killing brother sisters mothers fathers cousins ect ect ect ? 
  yes , considering many volunteered to fight the germans . 
   that not how family works . 
   plus there were so few japanese americans their opposition would n't have made a difference in public opinion , but german-americans would have a huge impact . 
  yes , they would 've made a huge impact , and they did . 
  they served in the military and at home to defeat the germans . 
  by this time , german-americans were considered americans , not germans . 
  yeah , i think it would 've gone fine . 
  the japanese-americans that were wrongfully interned * still * supported the nuking of japan . 
  the german-americans that were here considered themselves americans first . 
  i 'm pretty sure they would 've been okay with it . 
  in ww2 they threw themselves behind the american part of their identity , so they could avoid what happened to them in the last war . 
  yeah , the us would 've won in the end , we just obviously would 've taken more casualties . 
  in 1945 , we could have gotten 5-10 million more into the military , at the cost of reduced industrial output . 
  at the height of the us military in ww2 , it had just over 12 million men , we already outnumbered the germans at their height , now add in another 5-10 million . 
   an army never solves a conflict . 
  that 's an absurdly stupid thing to say , considering the whole * point * of an army is to solve conflicts through force . 
   do n't help russians without them signing atlantic charter first . 
  demand them to recognize their atrocities , otherwise no lend lease . 
  put your money where your mouth is . 
  the russians would n't have signed it , and we could n't have just refused lend-lease . 
  without lend-lease , the russians may well have lost . 
   yes , if suffering of millions for 50 years in eastern-europe is overdramatic for you , then you are correct . 
  sure , eastern europe had it bad , but you 're still being overdramatic or just plain dumb by saying fdr is on the same level as stalin or hitler . 
   i will not change my opinion . 
  not open to having your opinion changed ? 
  gee , i wonder what the word for that is ...  i do n't care if you agree with it or not . 
  for me fdr was worst potus ever . 
  yes , even worse then bush . 
  then you have a very limited knowledge of us presidents . 
  how did he have a choice ? 
  please explain that to me . 
   whatever you say for us he is also mass-murderer . 
  just bit below stalin and hitler , but not much . 
  that 's absurdly stupid , fdr was nowhere near that . 
  he did some shitty things , like the japanese internment camps , but to say he 's `` a bit below stalin and hitler '' shows you 're either being overdramatic , or you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  he did n't `` gift '' them anything , he did n't have a choice . 
  the allies just did n't have the will to fight ww3 right after ww2 for eastern europe . 
  if you think fdr `` sucked his cock '' then you have no fucking clue what you 're talking about . 
  fdr did n't trust the soviets , but he recognized that they needed to work together . 
  oh , and the ss were n't the only ones who did the fucked shit , the wehrmacht did most of the rapes . 
   computers , smart phones , the internet , and a whole host of advancements in medical technology have happened since the end of the cold war . 
  what ? 
  computers have been around in some form since ww2 , and smart phones are just small advanced computers . 
  the internet is straight up from the cold war . 
  i do sort of need to make a better effort there . 
  sort of . 
  not really , then you could say most major powers at the time had supercarriers , but they did n't . 
  the us is the only nation to have built supercarriers . 
  not even sort of , that 's not a supercarrier . 
  germany does n't have supercarriers . 
  hell , they 've * never * had supercarriers . 
  you are so ignorant it hurts . 
   you keep thinking someone needs to litteraly shoot natives in the back of the head to make it a genocide . 
  no , i do n't . 
  you said  i however see it as a genuine attempt at eradicating the native populations i disagree there , because if we had been genuinely attempting genocide , * we would n't have stopped at moving them from their territory * . 
  hell , we would n't have given them any land to move to in the first place . 
  what the us did was more along the lines of ethnic cleansing , not genocide . 
  people like you and other people in this thread throw around the word genocide without really knowing what that entails . 
   ... a real an active attempt at pushing the natives to the boundaries of survivability . 
  if you want to ignore that fact , fine . 
  right , cause oklahoma is definitely a boundary of survivability . 
  you 're being over dramatic with that part . 
  the natives were able to survive across the entire continent , and as fucked as us moving them was , it was n't to the boundary of their survivability . 
  if we had been attempting to eradicate the native populations , do n't you think there 'd be a lot more [ wounded knees ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wounded_knee_massacre ), 
  the heaviest fighting in afghanistan was in 2009-2012 . 
  in that time , the ied casualties per year , were around half to just under half of all fatalities of that year . 
  combine that with the ied deaths in iraq , and most of us kia and wia were due to ied attacks . 
  you realize most of the natives died from european diseases , right ? 
  if you 're going to blame the us for that , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  sure , i live in a state where a lot of tribes were forced into . 
  i think calling it genocide is a little much though . 
  south korea still exists , they are prosperous , secure , and stable . 
  yeah , i 'd say it worked out fine . 
  right , cause the us expansion west * is the exact same as the armenian genocide * . 
  assholes like you just disrespect the fucked up things those people went through . 
  fallujah is the exception , not the rule . 
  most of those dead americans came from an ied while they were driving around in those vehicles . 
  okay ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  ukraine still has more combat experience than the netherlands . 
   slavery can be genocide , if its extent and `` deadliness '' is far-reaching enough , as it was the case , imho , for the north american and arabian slave trades . 
  i think that 's a bit of a stretch personally , but it is your opinion . 
  i guess we can agree to disagree here ? 
   now the north is largely still operating with the same military they had er , not exactly . 
  nk has upgraded their military , obviously not the levels that sk has , but enough to pose a threat . 
  that 's a no then , thank you for your time . 
  sure , but the pace of warfare has changed massively since 1950 , and considering un forces only arrived in bulk just before sk was wiped out , i 'd still be worried about an invasion today . 
  k. do you have anything productive to add , or are you just going to assume my knowledge comes from a game ? 
  sk has a very good military , that is true , but they simply lack the numbers , industry , and territory to defeat nk on their own . 
  do n't underestimate nk , they do n't have the greatest equipment but they have numbers and an absurd devotion to the cause .
