  abrams best tonk . 
  abrams best tonk , remove leopard . 
   now , i am by no means any kind of expert , but from what understand i bet a big part of that spending still goes for post-soviet bloat , like many small-ish redundant bases ( which ca n't be easily closed due to local pressure ) , bloated officer corps , all kinds of parasites feeding off the military . 
  maybe , i do n't know enough about the inner workings of the polish military/politics . 
   that is not to say the military did not modernize a lot in recent years , just saying that effective spending might be quite lower . 
  well , the equipment they have now is pretty good , so i 'd say the modernization was mostly successful . 
   the smaller ones just need to be a tough small nut that will bring a world of pain to anyone trying to crack it . 
  to be honest , i would n't really classify the polish military as small . 
  based on the countries history , and the gdp , i 'd say the polish have a pretty good military . 
  no question , we 'd take the baltics back , risk of nuclear war or no . 
  i mean , that 's kind of the point of nato , if it backed down because of the * possibility * of nuclear war , it would 've have survived the cold war . 
  that is n't even getting into the massive political ramifications that would happen to the us if it * did n't * liberate the baltics . 
   that war could never be won by anyone , the loser will always destroy the world . 
  that 's the point , and it 's why he would n't overrun europe . 
  even if we exclude the conventional side of things ( they 'd lose there too ) , russia knows that it would be far too risky to even attempt an invasion of europe proper . 
   but in those two days he wouldn ; t be facing the combined forces of nato , sure , he 'd just be facing * most * of nato , plus the stuff the us could mobilize in that time . 
   and he would still hold the worlds ' largest nuclear arsenal . 
  that 's largely irrelevant . 
  putin knows that if he launches nukes , his country would be turned to ash , and everything he wanted and had already accomplished would be pointless . 
   to the same high standard and number ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  i do n't know , poland participated heavily in iraq and afghanistan , so i 'd say they do have it , if not more than russia does . 
  that was n't really my point there . 
  5th gen fighters are costly and extremely complicated to develop , so i take it as a sign that the russian aviation industry is n't quite ready yet for 5th gen and beyond . 
   i do expect the armata to be mass produced within 5 years . 
  maybe , but bear in mind that the armata is basically the modern t-80 , in the sense that it 's meant to supplement the t-90 , * not * replace it . 
   the newer variants of the t-90 are much more capable than the original t-90 . 
  for sure , but they are still behind western tank development . 
   my point is that russia does have the capability to overrun poland . 
  no doubt , i 'm not really disputing that , i 'm just disputing that they could take warsaw in a day . 
   i 'd argue that in a single nation vs russia , only a few in europe could defend against it . 
  definitely , most single european nations do n't have the capability to stand up to russia . 
   anyways , pretty much all of us know that russia attacking poland would certainly meet a nato response , and thus russia would almost certainly not win against that . 
  i 'm glad we agree on that part . 
   thank you , i also appreciate it . 
  we 'll probably continue to disagree , but it 's much better than the low quality of conversation insults usually bring . 
  oh , by far . 
  civil debates are for more interesting than your standard shit fest . 
  the russian military is outdated , and they 'd be facing the combined forces of nato . 
  they would n't stand a chance . 
  oh , for sure . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not really trying to analyze an all out conflict , i 'm just saying that the russians taking warsaw in a day is incredibly unlikely , much like the conflict itself . 
  the military is definitely primarily a deterrent , in any nation , really . 
  no , it really would n't . 
  yeah , it 's easily the most futuristic looking tank i 've seen , with the [ expeditionary tank being a close second . 
  ] ( http://www.military-today.com/tanks/expeditionary_tank.htm ), 
  they have 50 f-16 's , if that 's what you count as mostly buying us weaponry , then sure . 
  the do n't have a single american apc , ifv , or mbt . 
  their rifles are of either soviet or polish design , and they even use polish body armor . 
  so , no , they do n't . 
   i dont even know what you want to tell me ? 
  i 'm telling you that reaching the 2 % goal is good . 
   pointed out that that is a shitty way of measuring since a country easily could reach it by spending more on salaries whithout gaining much more security . 
  that 's kind of a dumb point . 
  that 's a lot of money to spend on salaries , and no country would do that . 
  salaries are pretty much the last thing you spend money on , sadly . 
   well nice , but i was talking about germany ( as an example for countries that doesnt reach the 2 % ) . 
  the same goes for them , it would benefit the state , and the citizens . 
  for a german example , they would be able to better maintain their equipment , seeing as it is n't in the best of conditions . 
   ehm , yes , but i was talking about my example of just raising the salaries well , if we 're talking about salaries ( which wo n't be raised by spending the 2 % ) , then it would lead to a higher quality of life for the soldiers and their families , and generally higher morale from the troops themselves . 
  they would be more willing to deal with shitty garrison life if they had better pay . 
   who ? 
  the polish state , and by extension , the citizens . 
   where did i say that ? 
  right here :  they could do this and reach this 2 % margin ( thats so beloved here ) while they wont gain any improvement . 
   their special forces and military have a good amount of recent experience . 
  the polish have that too . 
   they 'll have quite a lot of new jets , and 2000 new t-15 tanks . 
  that remains to be seen , seeing as [ they 've already cut their purchases back on their 5th gen fighter . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-cutting-purchase-of-fifth-generation-fighters-2015-3 )  with the new armata t-15 , they 'll have over 4,000 modern tanks . 
  if they purchase that many , that is . 
  that is n't even getting into the fact that the t-90 is outdated and not modern . 
   what time period ? 
  that really does n't matter . 
  the us was more powerful than iraq on a level that russia ca n't replicate with russia vs poland . 
  if the # 1 military power took three weeks to reach the capital of a significantly weaker opponent , russia would have a worse time . 
   no combat , however you can see how quickly and effectively russia were able to capture and overtake a large region of a country . 
  you can hardly use that as an example though . 
  if armed resistance had occurred , it would 've taken longer , so using an unopposed takeover of a small region as an example of russia being able to take things quickly does n't work by the way , i appreciate this civil conversation , normally by this point people are throwing insults and such around . 
  they will actually , better maintenance on their reserve equipment , the procurement of newer equipment , more r&d that could later benefit civilians , etc. 
  they would gain an improvement , just because you do n't believe it would be an improvement , does n't make it not one . 
  increasing military spending does n't generally go to the salary of soldiers , it goes to purchasing more equipment , r & d , better training , etc. 
   against russia ? 
  fuck no . 
  what makes you say that ? 
   it really depends though , how organized the attack was . 
  obviously . 
   either way , i doubt russia has any reason to invade poland . 
  i do n't think russia has any reason to invade either , but that is n't the point . 
   that with a load of jets , troops , tanks etc , russia could simply overwhelm the polish forces . 
  how so ? 
  the polish have either better , comparable , or worse tanks in the form of the leo 2 , twardy , and older t-72 variants . 
  polish troops have good equipment and good training , and a decent amount of numbers . 
  i mean , it took three weeks to get to baghdad , and that was far more lopsided that any invasion russia would do . 
  that is n't , uh , really how it works ... 
  well , considering the polish military is already formidable , all it takes is for the rest of nato to mobilize the airforces , and that wo n't take long at all . 
  that alone will allow the polish to last well over a day , add in 75th rangers and the 82nd airborne who can be wheels up in 18 hours , well , you get the idea . 
  best exclusive club on the planet !, 
  abrams are on the left , apaches on the right , enjoy your stay !, 
   i would support increased defense spending if us agrees to slash their army to a reasonable size .
