how did the us abandon the uk over the falklands ? 
  we offered you an aircraft carrier ffs . 
  not to mention , you guys ditched us over vietnam , but that does n't count right ? 
  israel would be a tough nut to crack too . 
  britain and france could n't easily match russia , not even close . 
  britain and france lack the numbers to match russia in practically every category . 
  france and britain combined have a total of 830 tanks , 871 artillery pieces , and 789 combat aircraft . 
  now compare that to russia 's 15,398 tanks , 14,390 artillery pieces , and 2,074 combat aircraft . 
  that 's not even getting into armored fighting vehicles , logistical capabilities , and raw manpower . 
   aaah , the fourth reich at work ... how does that equate to bringing up past german atrocities ? 
  the 4th reich is used as a way to show how germany dominates its neighbors . 
  i 've never heard it used as a way to bring up atrocities . 
  it really seemed like you just brought congo up to try and get the upper hand . 
  that 's rich , a german trying to attain the moral high ground when it comes to atrocities in history . 
  good job , that 's the fastest i 've ever seen a german get butthurt . 
   you do realise history is not a science and is not very factual , if you want a scientific analysis of the past , and specifically human behaviour , go study archaeological . 
  history is more or less mythology . 
  that is some top level bullshit right there . 
  history not being factual ? 
  really ? 
  that 's the entire fucking point of history dipshit . 
  also , if it 's mostly mythology , why did you tell me to study history , hmm ? 
   i 'm trying to tell you that `` had its independence guaranteed by the french and british governments '' is a bullshit excuse and does n't make them innocent . 
  they retaliated against an aggressive germany , exactly like they said they 'd do . 
  that does make them innocent , because they did n't fire the first shot . 
   they made a conscious decision to partake in war which could have been avoided . 
  this shows your complete lack of knowledge of this . 
  do you really think the germans would n't have attacked france eventually ? 
  war was inevitable , the german economy would 've collapsed without it . 
   yea but you said germany are responsible for starting the war because they invaded poland . 
  the germans did start the war , are you seriously that ignorant of history to claim otherwise ? 
  ww2 started on september 1st when the germans invaded poland . 
  the soviets invaded poland a full sixteen days after the germans . 
   again , was n't the criteria of starting a war associated with invasion/attacking a country ? 
  because that 's the logic that considers germany responsible , which is the same logic that considers the allies responsible . 
  you do n't understand diplomatic agreements , do you ? 
  the germans invaded poland , which had its independence guaranteed by the french and british governments , meaning they were under obligation to defend poland from the invading germans . 
  again , the germans started ww2 , and for you to say otherwise shows you need to take your own advice and study some history . 
   you do realise poland was jointly invaded by nazi germany and the ussr , technically poland was invaded by the axis and the allies at the same time ... sure , but that was n't being invaded by the allies too , considering the soviet union was still years from being allied with the uk . 
   france and england declared war on germany . 
  yes , for invading poland . 
  something that was diplomatically required too . 
  yeah , without you guys , we 'd be living in a utopia . 
  in all seriousness , this is a nice change from amerikkka being the reason we are n't living in a utopia . 
   actually all parties involved started the war ah , yes . 
  those damn poles certainly invaded germany and started ww2 . 
   if you honestly believe that the nazis are solely responsible then i respectfully recommend studying some history and archaeology a little bit more . 
  considering they started ww2 by invading poland , i 'd say my statement of germany starting ww2 entirely correct . 
  [ seems like you might belong here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/2nuun0/who_started_world_war_ii_like_seriously_im_asking/ )  yea but britain starved and murdered 25-60 million indians between 1870-1945 so ( not just from that famine , but political killings ) ... then there 's africa , which is way worse ... france has a big part in that one too ... ah , here 's the genocide olympics . 
  just because britain did some fucked shit , does n't mean nazis were n't exceptionally malicious . 
  did the british start the largest war in human history costing tens of millions of deaths ? 
  nope , the nazis did . 
  add in a little genocide , and yeah , i 'd say they were exceptionally malicious . 
  most refugees are coming from syria and libya , both things the us did n't start . 
  does anyone know how many launchers they 're asking for ? 
  so , if germany got invaded by a stronger power , you 'd just stop fighting ? 
  you 'd just give up ? 
  that 's pathetic . 
  the cold war was all about the influence game , if nato saw the soviet union moving into austria , they would 've countered in their own way . 
  that does n't necessarily mean nato going to war over austria , they just would 've had their own response to it . 
  that 's because austria was neutral during the cold war , and if they had been invaded by the soviets , nato would respond in some way . 
  well , think about it . 
  why * would n't * the soviets do it if their only serious threat was out of the way ? 
  hell , if american and british troops were n't there at the end of ww2 , they would 've continued straight on through , and set up puppet governments . 
  just like you can bet the us would 've influenced eastern europe had the soviets not been there . 
  nato was the only thing in the way of western europe falling to soviet influence , or even outright invasion . 
   today , nato is not required anymore . 
  tell the eastern european nations that . 
  kept the soviets from invading and taking it ? 
  it 's an alliance , they would n't be dependent . 
  with just active + reserve personnel , i 've only added some of the european nato allies , but with just the european nato forces , they have over 2.5 million . 
  not as lopsided as you seem to think . 
  you 're taking them as they are by them selves , you 're also not factoring in reserves , which is how those countries have a sizable military . 
  again , you 're not thinking in terms of nato , russia would get stomped if it tried to invade europe . 
  nah , i 'm really not . 
  that 's why we 've switched to the brigade combat team system , it 's far easier to get them ready and deploy them . 
  you 're also entirely discounting the fact that we 'd be fighting * with * our european allies , and they * do * have their own military . 
  that 's the point . 
  they 're a qrf of sorts , meant to deploy anywhere in the world and give whoever it is hell for as long as they can while the rest of the us military arrives . 
  you do n't need to hit the 2 % to have a military , or even a strong military . 
  abrams fueled by fuel , can do over 70 km/h , has 120mm gun , can shoot through 1 leopard 2 . 
  abrams best no-wait a minute , they do n't seem that different . 
  nato tonks best tonks . 
  abrams fueled by the power of burning communist multiverses , can do over 6,000 km/h , has 999mm gun , can shoot through 1,000 leopard 2 . 
  abrams best tonk in the whole multiverses multiverses multiverses multiverse . 
  ^ nope . 
  abrams fueled by the power of burning communist worlds , can do over 4,000 km/h , has 580mm gun , can shoot through 400 leopard 2 . 
  abrams best tonk in multiverses multiverse . 
  abrams fueled by the power of communist bodies , can do over 2,000 km/h , has 380mm gun , can shoot through 100 leopard 2 . 
  abrams best tonk in whole universe . 
   who would stop him ? 
  nato . 
   the us would take some time to get a large enough force to europe not as much time as you think . 
  the rangers and the 82nd airborne can be wheels up in 18 hours , that alone when combined with the rest of the european forces would delay the russians enough for the us military to arrive in force . 
  you also seem to be forgetting the nato air forces . 
   the us would take some time to get a large enough force to europe and almost every military east of france is a joke next to russia . 
  individually , maybe , but you seem to be forgetting the point of nato . 
  it 's so you never have to fight alone . 
  abrams fueled by the power of communist tears , can do over 900 km/h , has 160mm gun , can shoot through 20 leopard 2 .
