  edit : a word . 
  it may be an overstatement , it 's just the impression i get from you guys . 
  i understand the geopolitical and economic ramifications if we just fucked off , i just want to know why should we fight and die for people who do n't even like us ? 
  why should my brothers and sisters die on some random street in eastern europe when it seems like most of you despise us ? 
   the question is if you would want to destabilize europe like that . 
  why the fuck should we care ? 
  you guys do n't give a single fuck about us , so why should we ? 
  you 're fucking stupid if you think your country is n't in some way . 
   so i won \u00b4 t. 
  lol . 
   whatever they tried to mess with in ukraine is none of our business . 
  are you really putting ukraine on us ? 
  that whole ukraine thing started because of the eu . 
   we wanted to stay out of libya - we stayed out of libya . 
  i mean , we mostly stayed out of libya too . 
  we were really only there due to european requests . 
   how we deal with poland is our business . 
  we managed to build a relationship that 's fruitful for both parties on our own , why on hell should we take advice from another continent . 
  you ca n't try and say that we have no basis for giving advice , especially when poland does n't even trust germany . 
   they get their energy from saudi fucking arabia we do ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we get most of our energy from ourselves , canada , and latin america . 
   president reagan presided over this discussion with a kind of calm detachment . 
  he had outlined a fairly clear u.s. position from the start of the crisis : neutrality over which country had sovereignty over the falklands but strong opposition to settling the question by military aggression . 
  he stuck to it thereafter . 
   the british would have preferred u.s. support on both points , but what they got was substantial -- american endorsement of a principle that allowed washington to give them strong material support for a military campaign that faced steep uphill odds even then . 
   having established this broad principle , reagan then allowed his cabinet secretaries large leeway in interpreting it . 
  indeed , weinberger and haig left this nsc meeting with its approval of further installments both of military aid and of shuttle diplomacy . 
   three weeks later , however , british troops would land at san carlos bay . 
  the modest and largely public u.s. `` tilt '' toward britain at this meeting became more pronounced in practice as diplomacy faded and the soldiers decided the outcome on the ground . 
  military aid became washington 's most significant contribution to the war . 
  from the same article you 're quoting , it is n't so clear cut . 
  the us gave military aid and a public support to the british , not the argentinians . 
  you 're judging the entire thing on what could have happened , not what actually happened . 
  not to mention , a replacement cv is a pretty serious backing in my book . 
  http://news.usni.org/2012/06/27/reagan-readied-us-warship-82-falklands-war-0 do you call giving the british a new cv favoring the argentinians ? 
   but since i do not expect to see myself in the military , i wo n't literally fight . 
  meanwhile if a country attacks my country , i will give ressistance this was my point , if a nation in nato is attacked , it 's treated like it was an attack on all . 
  if poland was attacked , i 'd enlist immediately . 
  i guess i just expected that level of dedication from others , but i guess i 'm being unrealistic . 
  not really , hell , we were going to give the uk a replacement cv if they lost theirs . 
   if an ally needs help , i wo n't fight or at least as long as possible not , but try to help via different needs and support our government to help them . 
  yet poland expects americans to die for her if she were attacked . 
  this double standard is infuriating . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm 100 % behind backing our nato friends every step of the way , but i 've seen this sentiment enough to be worried . 
  do n't get me wrong , that guy 's an asshole , but `` ungrateful '' ? 
  what do we need to be grateful over ? 
  unless it operates a drone like the mq-9 , it is n't the same . 
  not the same , mistrals are amphibious assault ships , not aircraft carriers . 
  mistrals are n't aircraft carriers . 
  source ? 
  $ 98m without the engine actually . 
  if you include the engine it 's $ 108m , still not that much money for what you 're getting . 
   number one , you resort to personal attacks and demand i educate myself i did n't do a single personal attack , unlike you . 
   you respond , not with facts or reasons , but with blind rhetoric and state the obvious as if its some kind of revelation . 
  yeah , if you actually think a fraction of the us military is enough for china and russia combined , you 're incredibly ignorant of their military capabilities . 
  i asked if you understood what a fraction of our military is , you clearly ignored that and powered on with your `` you ca n't verify it '' . 
  yes . 
  yes you can . 
  just look at the size of our military , then cut that down to a fraction , then look at the chinese and russian militaries combined . 
  does it look like we could win ? 
   ive tried all day to figure out the hell you can even quantify such a broad , vague and absurd statement . 
  says who ? 
  fox news ? 
  congress ? 
  the guy at the recruiting office ? 
  that entire sentence is the definition of propaganda . 
  it can not be clarified , quantified or verified . 
  it is , in a word , bullshit . 
  you really think america securing her interests is `` bullshit '' or `` propaganda '' ? 
  do you even understand how geopolitics work ? 
  nations act in their own self interests , whether that be for economic purposes or political purposes . 
   i bet you even believe it when one of our politicians gets in front of a camera and talks about `` preserving freedom '' or `` protecting humanitarian interests '' right before using the sword you are so fond of to murder countless innocent people with absolutely no real objective other than to cause as much chaos as possible and further justify the existence of said sword . 
  you seem to love making assumptions there . 
  so , because i do n't want to slash our military budget to a fraction , i want to go murder people ? 
  really jumping the gun there , eh ? 
   if those are your interests then i pity you and the people who listen to you . 
  man , you love assuming shit about people , and then you whine about personal attacks ? 
  you assume i wanted those wars ? 
   its apparent that our two perceptions of the larger problem are wholly incompatible . 
  you do n't say ? 
  you 've been incredibly hostile to me , for what ? 
  all because i disagree on something ? 
   mark my words , our nation is on the wrong side of history and unless we change how our nation interacts with the world we will become the villain we always convinced ourselves we were fighting against . 
  i do n't really buy that . 
  i do n't how you can claim we 're going to become the villain when there are people vastly worse than us . 
  yeah , we 're no saint , but we do n't murder people for no reason . 
  you should get better at debating people , you resort to hostility and the very same personal attacks you accuse me of . 
   why do we need ten carrier battle groups ? 
  so we can have multiple carrier groups in any region at a time . 
   why do we need purely offensive weapons like stealth bombers ? 
  because we use our military for more than just defense , and having the capability to have first strike anywhere in the world is preferable to not having that . 
   the us can be defended quite capably with a fraction of our current military strength ( and would still be larger than china and russia combined ) . 
  a fraction of our military strength is n't even close to being enough to defend nato , japan , and our other pacific allies , let alone being capable of beating the chinese and russians * combined * . 
  saying that shows your ignorance of the military , it 'd be a hard fight with our current military against just the russians alone , let alone the chinese too . 
  seriously , i ca n't stress how utterly ridiculous that claim is . 
  do you even understand what a fraction of our military is ? 
   it 's not about defending america , it 's about defending america , her interests , and our allies . 
   but defending the interests of corrupt politicians . 
  debatable . 
   our priorities both at home and abroad have got to change .
