  how does defending your country make you a `` manipulated moron '' ? 
   average redditor is just as manipulated and incorrect ah , yes , you 're opinion is n't manipulated or wrong , right ? 
  it 's everyone else that 's wrong . 
   that 's why they will either feel insulted or belive an illogical argument to why the above statement would be bad and downvote it . 
  yes , because you are the supreme logical being here on reddit , and anyone who disagrees with your opinion are illogical . 
   taliban doubtful . 
   syria they already are . 
  because we love lemonade , so you 'd earn some money off us . 
  `` stop saying you 'd defend yourself/someone , you 're being adversarial ! '', 
  that 's a special kind of logic , thankfully , they 're a minority of voices . 
  what the fuck are you high on ? 
  showing that we 'd defend eastern europe is being adversarial ? 
  that 's a small part of our force . 
  if i remember correctly , we 're about to send 3,000 from the 3rd id to eastern europe . 
  they 're being relieved before they do this . 
  a translation would be great . 
  they were very much not meant to be a front line combat vehicle . 
  then we up armored the fuck out of them , and destroyed their suspension . 
   and superior tank in almost all ways highly debatable . 
  damn straight !, 
  fucking ruskies think they going to fuck with our eastern eurobros need a reality check , before we rip their spine out of their asshole . 
  you fucking retarded ? 
  polish troops are some badass motherfuckers , grom is one of the best special forces on the planet . 
  the polish will to resist and say `` fuck you ! '', 
  to every invader they 've ever had is one hell of an admirable quality . 
  face it , poland is a badass country with a history of being badass . 
  they need more modern tanks , the t-90 is the least effective of all `` modern '' tanks . 
   the aircrews were expected to suffer atrocious casualty rates , but it was still done because it would buy time . 
  the a-10 fleet and the pilots were expected to be wiped out in something like two weeks . 
  we would . 
  my american definition ? 
  of what , becoming a superpower ? 
  if the eu united , yes . 
  as the eu is right now , no . 
  k , so we 're disregarding the soviet union and tsarist russia before that . 
  can you read ? 
  i listed others . 
  list some sources , back up your claims . 
  until then , you 're speaking out of your ass . 
  that 's still a ridiculous thing to say . 
  let 's name a few european nations that have started more wars than the us . 
  britain , france , russia , and spain . 
  you really need to read up on your history if you think the us has started the most wars . 
  great response . 
  so far , you have n't given anything to back up your claims , and you 've only responded with non-answers . 
  10/10 would offend again . 
  right , so we 're just ignoring most of european , no , * human * history then ? 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  sounds like someone got a little offended . 
  they never once said that , go read the actual agreement before speaking out of your ass . 
   i think germany has all the potential to become a superpower . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  it does n't have the population , economy , or military for it . 
  they also lack a backbone when it comes to foreign policy . 
  so , really , no chance of being a superpower anytime soon . 
  it was . 
   given that you are part of nato and that you have military exercises with nato it means that you have interest in conquering territories in serbia . 
  yep , being part of a defensive alliance means you want to conquer stuff . 
  that 's not really comparable to a tomahawk . 
  he was explaining the differences in the two countries , he was n't saying `` murica superior to all filthy asian and europoor nations !, 
   the us army is well known for pulling this stuff . 
  err , examples ? 
  not really `` well known '' for doing that at all , this is the first i 've heard of them doing something like this `` on purpose '' . 
   you still ca n't deny the fact that isolationism/limited intervention has been growing in the face of iraq 's legacy . 
  it sure has , but that does n't change it being a naive sentiment . 
   on top of that , you have many people like me who feel as if we 're wasting time trying to walk the imperalist/friend line with gemany rather than cozying up with asia and capitalizing on the growth there . 
  there 's more to europe/nato than germany . 
  we can have both , we do n't need to choose between europe and asia . 
  no problem bae . 
  damn , that 's significantly more than normal . 
  party time with eastern eurobros !, 
  i like geopolitics , and talking to europeans about geopolitics . 
  fuck off canadian , this thread is for americans . 
   not sure why you 're willing to die for europe ... 
  i do n't want to die for europe , i 'd fight for it though . 
  as for why , well , north america and europe are far too connected for either side to just walk away , we share history and common values . 
  sure , our views may not always align , but on the whole , i 'd much rather have them as friends and allies than most others . 
   that does n't mean i 'm not allowed to disagree with your opinions i never said otherwise . 
  okay ? 
   there are laws about fighting for foreign military forces and us citizenship i believe , i do n't think you can just go off willy nilly volunteering for foreign military service but i could be wrong if it 's an allied country . 
  never said i would join a european military , i do n't think they 'd remove my citizenship for joining the us army . 
  the eu just happens to encompass most of europe , i 'm not entirely wrong . 
   if they were a true federation that could cause you to lose us citizenship i believe . 
  what ? 
  eh , same thing . 
   i do n't want americans to die for my country , but apparently someone has decided that it is necessary . 
  eh , it 's our job now , if you 're nato , you 're our brother/sister . 
  i 'd fight for europe . 
   does n't mean that the eu is necessary for the us to maintain global military hegemony . 
  the eu is absolutely essential for the us to maintain hegemony , what would make you think otherwise ? 
  i dunno , i suppose my opinion is still from before the ukraine crisis got started , this subreddit was really hostile to anything us related . 
  it 's just a bit like we 're being used here , before , well , * russia * happened , we got shit on , now that they 're a threat again , we 're being liked . 
  it just seems fishy is all . 
  of course , it could be that i 'm just being more of a bitch than usual . 
  i see a lot of `` us is just as bad if not worse than russia '' in this thread , that does n't really sound like pro-us stuff to me . 
   `` you 'd better not ever have anyone show any dislike of the us whatsoever or you all hate us !! '', 
  that 's not what i claimed , it 's fine to criticize the us , but when all you see is people bashing on your country or your people , you get the idea that they hate you . 
  name the last time the us annexed land from someone . 
  now , name the last time russia annexed land . 
  there are ways to be imperialistic without annexing land , but in what way has the us been more imperialistic than russia ?
