  basically gordon brown sold a shed load of it in order to diversify our assets ( jury is still out on how bad it was , probably was n't a great decision but not as bad as some people make out ) , but do n't worry we have loads of other peoples gold in london so we can just use that if we need to fight off some kind of gold vulnerable alien race . 
  huh , i guess beggars can be choosers . 
  i mean i 'm not against the idea but how many drug related deaths are caused by someone putting something particularly nasty in them ? 
  that just seems like a really bad business plan from the drug dealers perspective and lets face it the death toll would be a lot higher . 
  if its a case of individuals having a bad reaction to a particular substance which is unpredictable till they actually take it how effective is this actually going to be ? 
  or in the case of stuff like ecstasy are n't deaths pretty much caused by people getting so blitzed they drink too much , overheat without the normal `` no do n't do that '' reaction kicking in or have undiagnosed medical issues ? 
  also ( again i have zero medical or chemical knowledge so someone feel free to correct me ) what about a situation where someone takes their say ecstasy to this testing tent , get the results and it says `` yup pretty standard ecstasy '' then that person dies due to an unknown heart problem , could n't the testing tent be seen to effectively be encouraging that drug taking to take place ? 
  or if the testing is n't able to detect some nasty substance in the drug that causes serious side effects ? 
  i know this is a common line sprouted however it is based in complete fantasy . 
  there are over 70,000 people employed by investment banks alone in london . 
  even deutsche bank , easily the one everyone thought would be most likely to up and leave have begun the process to setup their new 2023 hq in london . 
  yes a few thousand will go as was predicted banks will move the bare minimum number of employees required to eu territories . 
  the idea that any eu city will take the place of london is laughable , there are three finance hubs of the world . 
  new york , london and hong kong , if there was going to be a banxit they would be moving to one of the other two . 
  banks always shout the loudest and make threats to leave whenever the government is considering legislation they do n't like , it 's complete bluster something the uk government knew but apparently the eu governments did n't get . 
  banks do n't care about pride or national interests they care about money , the money is still in london so that is where they will stay . 
  that 's not to say the uk wo n't suffer but lets be honest the eu is n't looking too great right now , both france and germany are unwilling to increase their payments to make up for the uk leaving and by every estimation you 're about to have a migrant crisis that dwarfs the previous years . 
  the sensible option is to negotiate an agreement that benefits both parties . 
  for instance we would be very interested in allowing the financial sector to keep the passporting capabilities they currently enjoy and would certainly be willing to pay a nice sum for that to happen . 
  doing so would allow the eu to remain funded while providing the uk with security that some of its financial institutions will be able to keep trading the way they are used to . 
  what will simply not work however is making unreasonable demands for money without any negotiation or sending over drunken baboons like juncker to make statements such as `` brexit ca n't be a success '' no deal is absolutely an option for us , its by far the worse option for both parties and one we are more than willing to work to avoid . 
  we will surgically cut out the areas where the people who go to magaluf come from and leave them in the eu . 
  checkmate . 
  i think one if the biggest arguments for linux is no reboot patching which is especially valid for persistent machines which need to be on all the time . 
  linux os systems with this feature can install kernel updates without the need to be restarted . 
  that means unlike windows where if a security update requires lower level patching the system needs to be restarted the linux machine could update while still performing its required duties . 
  another big element though is compatability with older software , honestly the nhs in particular is terrible for this . 
  they run software designed for some windows xp release that wo n't work with anything above . 
  completely porting tools over to a linux environment would most likely require the reconstruction of a great many which will be time and resource intensive at a time where the nhs is already struggling for money . 
  i agree linux is no more intrinsically secure than windows distros but the single greatest problem that causes attacks like this is unpatched os releases . 
  linux provides a lot in that respect in regards to being able to update software and services without the requirement to bring the entire system down . 
  you know , i really do n't like all this negativity , bill just doubled . 
  `` oh look people from impoverished and poor countries are desperately trying to get to europe , how do we solve it ? '', 
  `` i know !, 
  make those countries more poor and impoverished ! '', 
  you just made the list . 
  its absolutely terrible but unfortunately i feel this is just the start , now its getting warmer the amount of people crossing is going to increase dramatically . 
  from that article : `` migrant arrivals to italy by sea are up about 30 percent this year on 2016 , when a record 181,000 came . '', 
  it 's a brutal situation with no end in sight . 
  `` leak early and often ... until merkel slaps the shit out of you then blame your staff and promise not to leak again . '', 
  of course it would n't be , if the eu broke up russia would become a serious problem not to mention we might end up getting dragged into conflicts between european nations . 
  the only people in the uk who want the eu to break up are far right nuts or people who really have n't thought what the consequences would be . 
  what , world war two soon ? 
  pretty much . 
  well until it comes to refugees then everyone goes 0-genocide via drowning pretty fast . 
  catalonia has every right to seek independence and spain 's refusal to provide that right is not only disgusting from an ethical standpoint but completely contrary to the first article of the un charter . 
  the outcome of this will be extremely interesting and however catalonia votes i sincerely hope the spanish government realize the necessity of providing a legal framework for this process . 
  holy shit ... did russia cut their propaganda budget or something ? 
  i know the feeling just discovered the channel myself today , it 's really good , if your looking for a bit more of an out there topic [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9_r89-lotg ) is really fascinating , deals with a situation where zealandia was still above ground effectively creating an eighth continent . 
  i think the strongest candidates would be either the dutch or portuguese . 
  i think the creator is correct that the spanish empire was just structured in a way that it would always have burned out . 
  the 1600s were when the english and dutch started getting their empires so i guess either the dutch would take it all , could have resulted in a stronger native resistance as well . 
  its also possible france would have continued to grow effectively becoming a hyperpower like the usa ( possibly a lot sooner ) which may have allowed them to take over considerable portions . 
  france becomes the superpower and there are wars over who gets to slay beavers . 
  would truly be a dark day for all man and beaver kind . 
  almost like it has no legal basis and they are making it up as they go along ... 
  i mean , define opposed ? 
  i guess i oppose it in the sense that i want northern island to remain part of the uk but at the same time as per the good friday agreement and the un charter of human rights the people of northern ireland have every right to join ireland and pursue that goal if it 's what they want and they have the democratic means to do so . 
  all major uk parties support the good friday agreement and would adhere to the right of self determination . 
  unlike spain . 
  but i do enjoy eu propaganda , gets funnier every day . 
  kind of worrying they all seem to be drinking the coolaid though . 
  * he reportedly claimed during the meeting that brexit `` can not be a success '' and threatened to end talks without a trade deal if britain refuses to pay a `` divorce '' bill . 
  * well 1 ) obviously the government of the uk is going to want to make it a success and 2 ) the divorce bill is not going to be paid , that was made clear when the eu first made it up thus 3 ) there is n't going to be a deal . 
  i mean ... how much clearer does this need to be ? 
  if the eu want to discuss an actual deal which could benefit both parties we are all ears , i 'm not sure what juncker is trying to achieve with this jilted ex negotiation stance , i 'm half expecting tomorrows papers to feature an image of him donning a little black number trying to show us what we missed out on . 
  would n't say there will be no sabotaging online , this is getting a lot of attention in communities that tend to engage in hacktivist causes . 
  but yeh this is despicable , if anyone is actually going to buy anything from this auction , fuck you . 
  i like how bad it must have looked for the green team , i mean look at poor malta literally surrounded by nazi shills . 
  few years later though was looking a lot better :d, 
  guessing you did n't read deeply into his genius proposal , he wants to do it on each nations patron saint day . 
  1st of march , 17th of march , 23rd of april and 30th of november . 
  meaning we will have 1 in january , 3 in march , 3 in april , 2 in may , nothing for 3 months , 1 in august , nothing for nearly 4 months with one on the 30th of november and the last two in december . 
  literally picked the worst possible days for evening out the spread . 
  it 's like he does n't even have to try to annoy people . 
  this a million times this , people do n't realize what a slippery slope something like this is especially when its funded by governments . 
  yes fake news is bad but the responsibility should always be on the individual to determine the source and how trustworthy it is . 
  how long until `` unreliable news '' covers things the agencies funding this do n't like ? 
  money should be spent better educating people ( particularly journalists ) on how to evaluate sources and cross check the reliability of a website or social media accounts . 
  one step closer to ending the american insurrection once and for all . 
  dennis skinner is an absolute staple of the house of commons at this point . 
  [ his quips at the royal family during the state opening of parliament ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amscitzb7ws ) are brilliant . 
  of course ngos are n't cooperating with smugglers . 
  there is n't actually a shred of evidence any ngo ship has acted to aid smugglers and all the allegations put forward in the frontex report simply ignore the fact that maritime law requires vessels in the area to come to the aid of another that is struggling regardless is that vessel is full of refugees or tourists . 
  but here 's the reality , turkey is the reason the refugee crisis died down . 
  the deal made is going to collapse any day . 
  in turkey 's eyes the eu is n't progressing their end of the deal which is visa free travel and in the eu 's eyes turkey is not making any of the changes it agreed to . 
  when that deal goes and you are dealing with the sultan of turkey who will actively be looking to harm the eu and will effectively weaponize refugees as a means to do that . 
  now that winter is over this shit is going to hit the fan , there is going to be huge amounts of refugees crossing into eu countries . 
  the eu ca n't deal with it , not with the populist parties growing so rapidly . 
  so the eu is left with a choice either allow the refugee crisis to start up again , allow ngos to provide aid and feed back images of refugees causing extreme division which at best will cause irreparable damage to the very fabric of the eu and relations between members . 
  or the other option , make sure there are no ngos in the area , control the information , no more dead children being broadcast and make the situation more manageable curbing the damage it will cause . 
  it 's a horrible situation and i 'm not condoning the eu in their demonetization of ngos but it 's not difficult to see why they are scared and why these reports are coming out . 
  it 's an extremely difficult problem where every solution has huge negatives . 
  good article btw , not a huge fan of the intercept but it hit the nail on the head with this one . 
  alistair campbell : `` that speech was so full of religious tones she probably just stopped short of saying god would have voted leave '' guardian : `` hmm ... so you could say she may have been hinting that god would have voted leave ? '', 
  alister campbell : `` yes and i think its wrong to hint that god would have voted leave '' guardian : `` coolcool thanks bro '' seriously this is absolutely shameful . 
  she in no way shape or form suggested anything as moronic that god would have voted leave . 
  yeh the speech was heavy on religious tones , i 'm not religious but she clearly is and nothing in there came off as preachy and i 'm sure many people in the uk who are religious could relate to the message . 
  this goes way beyond spin and straight into the fake news category shameful for both campbell and the guardian .
