  there were over 10,000 bomb attacks during the troubles , [ here 's the highlights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_bombings_during_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process ) that will be the future for the roi and eu if both sides are not carefully handled to ensure peace if a unification vote ever goes through . 
  it is an absolute tinderbox even now . 
  just ban british people from all-inclusive holidays until the law is changed , the hotel owners are right to be upset and the whole process is an absolute joke . 
  insurance companies will continue to pay out because they do n't care , its easier for them to just pay the lump sum and raise premiums on hotels to make the money back . 
  if it 's any consolation these are the type of brits the rest of us hope will be eaten by sharks when on holiday . 
  oh yeh , that moment where they hand you over the license , you know what its for , they know what its for , the minister hiding under the desk knows what its for , wow . 
  i do n't even watch porn that interaction sates me for the month . 
  this is the one thing i am genuinely envious of other european countries over . 
  yeh we have a few sporadic cycle lanes but the vast majority of the times bikes have to go on our narrow roads which causes misery for everyone involved . 
  remember there was about a 2 mile stretch uphill near where i used to live which during rush hour was just absolute chaos because cyclists had to go up it at about 2 mph blocking cars in the process . 
  overpopulation is n't a myth but to put it bluntly it dose n't apply to europeans , at least not directly . 
  a better way to describe it would be a consumption problem . 
  it 's a huge issue in africa and asia due to a lot of countries simply not having the infrastructure to cope resulting in a lot more famine and population growth that they just ca n't handle . 
  the reality is our farming and food production methods are pretty archeic purely because we do n't need them to be any better and allowing the current system to continue protects the economic elements of the food production industry . 
  europeans as a whole should be reproducing more ( as all our economic models pretty much require a growing population hence why we have high levels of immigration ) . 
  the fundamental issue is people in geographic pockets are reproducing like crazy who simply do n't have the ecological resources to carry on going . 
  when that happens africa and asia will start to experience extreme effects such as food and water shortages , a huge decline in health and pollution issues . 
  unforunately that will also effect us , when people ca n't get food or water they will start moving to the places with food and water which unforunately for europe will be europe ( imagine the migrant criss x100000 where taking in migrants does nothing because for every one you take in 10 more are being born that will some day try to move as well ) . 
  it 's an extremly unforunate situtation and the idea these people are just too dumb to understand is completely false , they have a lot of kids because of the mentality that when they are old who is going to look after them , who is going to carry on their buisness etc. 
  most people in these countries are already seeing the local effects of overpopulation but simply saying `` stop that ! '', 
  is n't a solution . 
  but in regards to you having kids overpopulation should simply not be an issue you consider , europeans are fine to reproduce and in fact it should be encouraged . 
  maybe your kid or your kids kid will help solve the overpopulation problem . 
  i 'm not sure i do n't think so , i know there were a fair few stories that a lot of german pows especially those held in britain responded much better to a smoke and drink rather than `` traditional '' interrogation techniques but this guy was spying pretty much from the onset of the war and i do n't think he had any contact with prisoners ( would seem strange given his activities and position ) . 
  one of the most amazing things about this plan ( and lets face it there were a lot of amazing things ) was that the nazis and their allies did n't manage to turn a single person despite them being faced with overwhelming odds . 
  one insider could have given away the entire plan and we would be telling a very different story right now , for anyone interested the double agent known as `` garbo '' was [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_pujol_garc%c3%ada ) and honestly his story ( even post war ) is fascinating . 
  he was such a good double agent he was actually awarded the iron cross by the germans and his identity was n't publicly known till 1984 ( mi5 helped him fake his own death after ww2 ) . 
  dey ca n't do it like we do bebe xx, 
  the queen is probably the one person in the world the press dare not criticize . 
  all they are doing is trying to assign a stance to the hat with the right wing tabloids saying it was to mock the eu the left wing saying it was to show favor to the eu and every actual newspaper saying its a stupid argument because it 's a god damn hat . 
  either way was a pretty good outfit . 
  * allegedly alive, 
  i mean its a nice gesture but honestly you 're just failing to understand the average leave voter . 
  they 're the type of people who go nuts because the daily mail goes nuts over whatever dumb shit murdoch feels like turning people against . 
  hell the eu could offer 500 billion , an official deceleration by france that we are better than them and free beer for life to keep freedom of movement in place and leave voters would say no . 
  freedom of movement is just politically unsellable within the uk . 
  could it be ... i thought it only existed in legends of old . 
  prayer off !!!, 
  winning religion gets jerusalem . 
  i mean we 're having enough trouble with leaving despite being the 5th largest economy in the world , could czexit ever actually happen ? 
  the eu would decimate them for it if for nothing else than to send a message . 
  with the possible exception of france i really ca n't see any other eu country having the none suicidal option to leave unless the eu wants them to whether they vote for it or not . 
  oh wow what a nice story i 'm sure the comments will be full of well wishers and light hearted ... #noooope, 
  yeh ... no . 
  wow wow wow hold up . 
  i thought no negotiations could begin until we agreed to pay whatever fictitious amount the eu has come up with today ? 
  so now we are negotiating after a period of time where i assume the eu is concocting some new wile e. coyote type plan to get money . 
  this is nothing to do with theresa mays negotiating stance , jeremy corybn would say the exact same thing , the eu was told from the beginning that this divorce bill had 0 basis in reality , by [ our lawyers ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39154218 ) and [ their lawyers ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/06/100bn-brexit-bill-legally-impossible-enforce-european-commissions/ ) discussing this `` bill '' alongside trade is a step in the right direction but it is still an impassable object , we are happy to pay out fair share for continued access and maintenance of mutually beneficial arrangements and services but there will be no cheque for what can only be accurately described as hurt feelings . 
  or maybe the fact that british territories have an absolute right to self determination and can legally break away and become independent if they so wish it . 
  you know , honoring those pesky human rights that are all the rage these days . 
  oh shit brexit , erm we 're kinda busy at the min , maybe we can start in a month ? 
  or like 5 . 
  `` oh he 's done it again what 's going on ?!? '', 
  god damn that is one british lady . 
  haha !, 
  i know right looks like this really ... snapped . . may into . . hung ... . shit :( i messed that up more than a conservative snap election . 
  i mean i think the conservatives were always going to have the most seats at the end of this but considering two weeks ago people ( and not just normal people political `` masterminds '' or whatever ) were stating this could be a thatcher level landslide and now if these polls hold true not only have they lost seats they have lost their majority meaning all their weird ass plans to kill foxes and go to war with the internet are far less likely to ever happen this is probably worse than their worst case scenario . 
  this could very well be the hungest of parliaments , i mean i just ca n't see the lib dems who 's entire campaign has been `` vote for us to stop the tories '' team up with them . 
  so unless the conservatives can pull seats from the others to make up the majority ( and looking at these polls they might not be able to ) . 
  we could be looking at a labour minority government , conservative government or perhaps the ghost of thatcher will rise with an army of the undead to claim may 's soul plunging us into a 1000 year war against said undead horde . 
  either way there is one thing and one thing only we can guarantee . 
  will . 
  i ca n't stop laughing , if this turns out to be accurate it 's possibly the best cautionary tale our political system has ever produced . 
  death to the other guys !, 
  fuck knows , it 's getting really worrying . 
  i mean have people read the article ? 
  these people want to actively get in the way of ships responding to distress signals , people will die if these people are allowed to do this . 
  not only is the fact these groups exist troubling but the amount of support they have is unbelievable . 
  i 'm not saying this situation is fine and countries should n't have the right to detrmine who they do and do n't let it in but the idea that all these ngo ships are just fronts for smuggling operations is a complete unproven myth . 
  many of them are staffed by people who genuinely want to preserve life and they save people on a regular basis . 
  the idea that a group is going to purposefully obstruct them in doing that , it is beyond the pale that this seems to have the level of support it does . 
  and so begun the squirrel wars , one of the darkest moments of british history . 
  brother vs brother , scurry vs scurry twas n't long till the bloodshed reached the [ human population ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cornwall-36792959 ) . 
  now faced with certain annihilation we must turn to one man who can turn the tied and end this conflict once and for all ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbalwgmyyks, 
  pretty much , this whole article rings extremely strange tbh . 
  the thinktank who produced this report are called [ basic ] ( http://www.basicint.org/ ) who openly state on their website their goal is `` a nuclear weapon free world '' that calls into doubt the impartiality of this investigation . 
  even if we move away from the ad homin issue all of their other work is at best opinion pieces which seem to lack any kind of technical knowledge especially regarding cyber security from a military perspective and typically just follow a very basic pipeline of how you would compromise any system often overlooking the added measures applied to military and military-contractors . 
  moving onto the actual report [ available here ] ( http://www.basicint.org/sites/default/files/hacking_uk_trident.pdf ) it covers the pretty much standard `` hacking increasing , it bad , you in danger '' that seems to be in every cyber and information security report these days . 
  it then moves onto fictional scenarios for compromising the subs . 
  the first one involves stealing ssbn ( the nuclear powered submarines that we use for trident ) designs . 
  ultimately this just reads like a wish list with little actual substance . 
  for instance no single subcontractor would have the entire ssbn blueprints , which parts are they interested in ? 
  some of it is just jibbirsh : * if the target network is completely isolated from the internet or other networks devcom_2 will report back and we will activate secret intelligence service sleeper operatives ( kl56 and nu7 ) currently based in leeds , about 50 miles from the site . 
  they will gain access to the target network as contractors or employees using physical devices supplied by the team ( we are still exploring possibilities , but could include nano-routers , antennas , microcomputers , etc. ) . 
  this will enable the devcom_2 to bypass what perimeter defenses may be in place . 
  once they have access and have acquired the designs these will be forwarded to the forensic team in unit 61 for analysis . 
  they will explore options to maintain continuous and permanent surveillance throughout the supply chain , manufacture and operation of uk successor submarines * i mean it reads like the plot of a badly researched hollywood movie , for starters that they plan for these people to just `` get jobs and plant physical devices of some kind '' leads me to believe no one involved in this report has any knowledge of top secret uk protocols or has ever worked in a facility that employs them . 
  there is no talk of how they are going to compromise the numerous security protocols that are designed to prevent people from doing just this nor any actual technical information on what they are targeting outside `` we will steal info then find vulnerabilities '' . 
  the rest of the report reads very much the same , i would n't go as far to call this fake research or purposefully misleading but the people who wrote it seem to have very little knowledge of the subject . 
  they are just applying basic hacking methodologies to fictional scenarios and ignoring the mass of security protocols they would have to get around to do anything they are talking about . 
  i 'm not saying cyber warfare is n't an issue and we should n't be concerned about it especially when it comes to our nuclear subs but the mod run their own tests and evaluations that are considerably more in-depth and actually factual . 
  this report seems to be designed to push the institutes agenda while offering very little in the way of actual substantial cyber defense research . 
  there were over 20 holocaust survivors who testified that not only was he a wilful and vital element keeping auschwitz running but he brought prisoners from the trains to the gas chambers . 
  the judge who convicted him branded him a `` willing and efficient henchman '' of the holocaust . 
  i mean if it walks like a duck , talks like a duck and is willingly complicit in the mass genocide of its fellow ducks ... 
  basically in 2009 the law was changed so that where previously there would have to be evidence that the defendant was actively responsible for the killing , there was a warcrime review which meant people who were complicit could also be prosecuted . 
  either way he died publicly shamed for his crimes and that 's what his family , friends and the public will remember as his last impact on this world . 
  in many ways dying now is a worse fate than dying in a prison cell in 5 years , at least that would have given him time to seek redemption . 
  lost weight though so the new diet is n't a complete failure . 
  my god , that was glorious .
