  what if someone had terminal cancer and wanted to fly to some weird place for some weird 1 in a billion chance of a cure ? 
  if that was someone i cared about or my child , hell i 'd take that chance , and up until this case i was under the impression that i would be able to . 
  what if i got a terminal illness and still had a degree of consciousness ? 
  could doctors literally say no we are n't going to let you pursue x on in a million shot because it will cause you too much suffering ? 
  the big question raised here is if doctors should be able to enforce their view whether the quality of life or extra suffering caused by an action is worse than a more certain guarantee of a `` clean '' death . 
  in my opinion that is a moral choice and not a decision for doctors to make nor is it one i particularly feel comfortable with them having the legal right to enforce . 
  https://comicnewbies.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/the-flash-kills-king-shark-injustice-gods-among-us-1.png kind of funny that a ) captain europe is a rip off of an american super hero and b ) the rip off comes from a timeline where the flash goes bad following superman into a stalinist regime that locks up / kills anyone who questions it . 
  but that 's not the way the eu is going !, 
  right guys !? 
  guys ? 
  oh yeh , the triple lock is effectively kryptonite to any plan that attempts to address this issue , the conservatives tried to at least implement some ( in my opinion ) reasonable but still pretty minor changes to it and it ended up being a huge political own goal with other parties capitalizing on it and this was during a time where they thought they would be winning by a landslide so were being a lot bolder with their policies . 
  there needs to be changes made , the reality is that the current pension system is completely unsustainable ( and triple lock is the core of that ) . 
  parties can continue to maintain it until the gdp cost gets too great and younger generations will inevitably be the ones who suffer greatly both from increased taxation to pay for it and the lack of an equivalent pension system when they retire . 
  unfortunately in this political climate i think politicians will just try to bury their heads about this issue , tackling it has the potential to swing voters to the other side and with the latest polls i ca n't see either taking that risk . 
  oh i agree , the right move is to raise the pension age however at least in the uk if any political party tried to raise the pension age they would be absolutely slaughtered by the electorate . 
  likewise if any political party tried to say `` ok guys , this is unsustainable we are going to cut your pensions just a small amount so ... '' `` omgiworkallmylifeimmigrantsrarghhreahr '' . 
  `` ok scratch that , we 're going to decrease the pensions for your children instead ! '', 
  `` ohthatgoodtheyentitledanyway '' i honestly hope moving forward the eu will be able to deal with this issue but at least for the uk it just is n't politically feasible and honestly that seems to be the case for most of western europe at least . 
  politicians are voted in for a short amount of time and if they made changes to the pension age the other side will inevitably jump on it and use it to oust them at the next election , so they wo n't do it . 
  that combined with the fact old people vote means i really ca n't see a situation where anyone is able to make the changes that are needed even though you are completely correct something as simple as raising the pension age would largely help solve the problem . 
  some are , it really varies and its always a good idea to read the details but most i have seen are fairly decent especially if part of a company plan . 
  sure technically if you were to instead take the 2 % or 4 % of your wage and invest wisely you could beat the matching or 1.5 x amount paid by your private plan but realistically that involves a fair amount of work compared to having a negligible amount taken each month that is safely kept for retirement . 
  but twatbrah is completely right , public pensions are going to be phased out and if you 're in your 20s 30s starting a pension pot now is most definitely a good idea because there is no guarantee whatsoever you will have access to a public pension when you retire ( or if you do it will most likely be considerably less than what pensioners currently receive ), 
  i mean ... those are three weird items to pick . 
  presumably the price difference is somewhat present in nearly all of the bottom of the barrel clothing lines . 
  also `` smart start girls/boys underwear '' is a really strange name . 
  also why is a skirt less than underwear ? 
  you would have thought the fabric costs alone would have pushed it higher . 
  i also like how the uk version of the website lets you zoom in on a piece of the fabric , you know , just to ensure it is in fact the highest quality you can buy for # 1.25 a peculiar case , quite peculiar indeed . . 
  but yeh we do have a lot of cheap clothing options , guess that drives prices down a lot . 
  when the people on those boats are n't classed as refugees . 
  it is a legal requirement for boats to help others in distress . 
  i appreciate that the map looks dodgy to say the least from the outside looking in but the reality is that 15-25 miles of the coast of libya is when refugee boats get engine jacked ( usually by the same people who sold them the boat , who are utter scum ) or they are literally sent out without supplies , fuel or in some cases on a glorified piece of drift wood meaning that the people on them are quite literally without a paddle . 
  when picked up they will claim refuge at which point the pickerupers have a legal duty to escort them to the closest port they know is safe . 
  by all means question the law and push to have it amended . 
  the situation is dire , smugglers will often call the italian coast guard to let them know a boat has left which may be in trouble which again they are legally and morally bound to go and help . 
  only 40 % of these rescues are by ngo ships , the rest are military , coast guard and civilian ships that again have to abide by the law . 
  the ngo ships are doing nothing wrong legally and in my opinion morally , all that would happen if they magically dissipated is more innocent people would drown to death . 
  it would n't stop people trying and it definitely would stop the actual human traffickers . 
  these `` defend europe '' people are not interested in truth they will distort events to the max to fit with their warped views and people will lap it up because it 's what they want to believe . 
  a simple solution of `` this is all the ngo 's fault !, 
  muslim invasion ! '', 
  is easier to swallow than the vastly complicated geopolitical mess that this crisis is a symptom of . 
  yes , i 'm sure their intention is to provide a balanced and fair assessment of the situation . 
  they have frequently talked about `` intervening if illegal activity is seen '' and seeing as they have frequently said within that video ngos are acting illegally without a shred of actual proof ( the italians have an open investigation into these alligations , which again has resulted in 0 proof that this ngo people smuggling ring exists ) their interpretation of what 's `` illegal '' seems to be whatever we think is illegal . 
  * `` these rescue boats are as easy to hail as an uber after a big night out in birmingham , '' hopkins tweeted * well , i 'm torn , on one hand the inevitable end of these idiots , whether that be in a egyptian jail or just at the hands of some drowning refugees they try to block will be incredibly amusing . 
  on the other they might actually do some damage , will probably spread a crap ton of lies and misinformation when they get there and see the reality does n't match up to their warped view of the world or could possibly sail into a rock and waste a perfectly good boat . 
  share that meme private !, 
  vote to leave the eu `` we want 60 billion ! '', 
  `` no '' months after the vote `` we want 100 billion ! '', 
  `` no '' trigger article 50 `` ok so now we get 100 billion ? '', 
  `` no '' seriously the eu was told at the start that if they kept this up there would be no deal , halt it for as long as you like the answer will still be no . 
  do n't get me wrong there is a lot the eu could offer that would be of financial value and we are more than willing to discuss a mutually beneficial arrangement that involves payment but trying to demand sums for what can only be described as hurt feelings is beyond ridiculous . 
  pretty much but as with most of these things there is a but . 
  the nhs is largely used by pretty much all of the population , even if you have private health insurance a lot of the time you use nhs facilities for parts of treatment . 
  it really is as close to a religion as you can get in the uk which goes a long way to explaining why so much effort and resources have been put into it . 
  but . 
  all care under the nhs is not equal . 
  for starters due to the way nhs facilities are basically run in a devolved fashion there has evolved what is known as [ the postcode lottery ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/sep/08/postcode-lottery-revealed-in-nhs-care ) where depending on the area you live you may receive massively different amounts of support for a particular condition . 
  there is also evidence that people in a higher socio economic position [ do get better treatment ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1570763/middle-class-get-better-nhs-care-says-expert.html ) out of the nhs . 
  the issue is not simple and there are a lot of factors at play but the key point is that while for instance cancer rates are dropping they are dropping much faster for richer people . 
  although a lot has been done to address this [ it is still an issue ] ( https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22530134-800-nhs-game-changers-growing-gap-between-rich-and-poor/ ) do n't get me wrong the nhs is improving in this aspect but i do worry that due to the somewhat strange structure of the nhs if this list is truly meaningful particularly because they seem to be taking a very us focused approach in regards to what healthcare is . 
  i mean i do n't know if they 've been keeping up to date with uk affairs but we have a lot going on at the moment . 
  i do n't think anyone is saying the negotiations are n't important to us but it 's not the only thing in the world . 
  is it possible to move up and down levels once in ? 
  cause in that case , boys i have a plan . 
  alright levels 24-25 are basically the save point as presumably the regeneration counts for pretty much any wound and stealing shit is pretty easy to do . 
  so first thing i would do is say something hypocritical , boom just got my ass some lead armor . 
  then i would threaten to sue the living shit out of some dude . 
  boom level 21-22 , oh no they got hooks ? 
  i 'm in a god damn lead burkha , that combined with my mad roadhog duping skills means i just got myself a hook . 
  what 's next ? 
  well that 's where my homie geoff comes into play , see my man just put a deposit down on a lovely old gothic church in my name so that gets me to level 19 , oh ? 
  what 's that geoff ? 
  the deal fell through ? 
  and the heat of the flames is dependent on the level of guilt ? 
  well i ai n't committed no simony so i ai n't getting burned . 
  anyway i 'm running out of time but you get the idea . 
  next level explosive poop , charge a demon extortionate interest to rent my hook , let the debt go , get off with a dude name claud , psyche !, 
  was my hand all along etc etc etc. 
  come out in australia , chill with some kangaroos . 
  dante 's inferno ? 
  more like dante 's top way to save money on a plane ticket to australia . 
  yeh they use social media as a recruiting tool . 
  the issue is exactly what constitutes a hate crime message . 
  sure most people would agree isis propaganda should be removed but the idea of any government body being able to effectively outlaw certain ideas or viewpoints is troubling to a lot of people not to mention the fact they are basically legally handing over the responsibility of censoring the internet to large tech companies . 
  it has got a lot better and these results are extremely encouraging . 
  i know my friend sister is gay and has hand considerably less problems than honestly i would expect her to given that the school she goes to has a fair number of people from cultures typically not so accepting of gay kids . 
  they 've really change up the game from the classic once a month lecture on why being homophobic is wrong to actual constructive discussions on the topic . 
  i think the information age has helped considerably as well , school admins shit themselves over the idea that some bullying is going to be recorded on their premises and the chaos that follows thus are actually clamping down on this stuff at the senior level . 
  either way great progress but still a lot more to do , props to all those teachers and activists who are contributing to this . 
  depends on which way . 
  northern ireland joining the roi is certainly a possibility and the legal framework is already somewhat in place for that to happen . 
  it seems unlikely though , there 's a common misconception that all protestants are unionists and all catholics want unification with the roi which is simply untrue in the modern world . 
  there 's conflicting sources on this such as [ this ] ( http://www.ark.ac.uk/nilt/2014/political_attitudes/nirelnd2.html ) and [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2011/jun/17/life-and-times-survey-united-ireland ) however the number seems to be around 40-60 % of catholics in northern ireland support remaining in a union with the uk so the idea because the catholic population has a higher birth rate its inevitable that northern ireland will vote to join the roi is unfortunately just propaganda that has little basis in reality . 
  the catholic population is becoming more pro-unionist as time goes because as with most of western europe religion is becoming less and less of a driving force behind peoples decisions . 
  in terms of the roi joining the uk it seems unlikely , even if the roi wanted to ( they do n't ) there would be significant concerns in the uk ranging from economics to security . 
  unless there is some huge shift in global politics i ca n't see it happening . 
  either way the priority should be keeping the peace , if you think that 51 % of ni votes to join roi is going to be a pleasant experience then you 're living in a fantasy . 
  if ni votes to join the roi expect years of conflicts and attacks from both sides even if its 80 % in favor .
