obviously , only the glorious eu ( which is totally not scared of putin ) can fight russia ... until they actually attack in which case uk and us are gon na be up but you bet your bottom dollar that the eu will be giving the severest of stink eyes to putin when that time comes . 
  the severest . 
  and do n't get me started on the angry letters he 's gon na receive . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/feb/06/uk-tourists-face-mobile-phone-roaming-charges-post-brexit-paper-says http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/roaming-charges-eu-data-europe-free-2017-a7557741.html ** sips tea brexitly **, 
  no , we are until we finish the giant motor and go chill next to the bahamas . 
  it is . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p04ykfnj i just ... what a time to be alive . 
  well time for some very racey snaps to appear on my facebook . 
  ever scrolled through 2000 images of a 225lb guy doing sensual yoga mr border guard ? 
  cause you 're gon na . 
  i 'm not gon na translate it , just gon na guess what each field is and fill it in . 
  that is not nearly fluffy enough . 
  needs at least 82 % more fluff . 
  so by scaling back illegal wildlife security ... are we talking actual act repeals and reforms or just scaling down of operations like cage and general enforcement ? 
  basically , can i buy an ocelot ? 
  i really do n't get why companies like uber and deliveroo get so many free passes when it comes to employment rights and clear attempts at subverting . 
  can you imagine if it was discovered a bank or retailer was operating with such disregard for its employees ? 
  there would be street protests . 
  i think he was referring to the fact that we generally have pretty strict immigration , certainly immigration has become more strict over the past decade while at the same time eu nationals were not subjected to these changes . 
  a prime example was towards the end of my degree , a girl who studied at my university was originally from hong kong , despite being in britain for over 5 years she had to leave due to her student visa expiring , fly back to hong kong , find somewhere to live , apply for jobs in the uk , fly back for interviews then finally move back to start work . 
  meanwhile an eu citizen would n't have to go through any of that despite somewhere like hong kong having much stronger historic links to the uk . 
  to the average uk citizen the concept that someone from an eu state could just come here while others from countries like india , pakistan , jamaica etc had to go through a grueling process to ensure they were suitable and beneficial to the uk was just strange , unfair and honestly nonsensical . 
  no where , we absolutely are not refusing to enter negotiations over the bill . 
  if we retain some elements that are beneficial to use then some kind of lump sum payment may very well be susceptible . 
  we absolutely will not be paying some ridiculous amount without anything in return or without any negotiations on the matter because the eu think they are somehow owed it . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-divorce-bill-david-davis-50-billion-nothing-like-zero-wont-pay-minister-a7653121.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39280813 http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-could-walk-away-without-paying-brexit-bill-ministers-believe/ there certainly may be a case for us paying something providing we get something in return , generally that is referred to as negotiations , the thing the eu is threatening to prevent happening . 
  so pay us what we demand or else ? 
  if the eu thinks their bill has legal basis then they are more than welcome to take that down the correct legal channels , threats and attempts at bullying will do nothing but damage relations beyond repair . 
  i 'm using we as the collective stance of the uk under its democratically elected government . 
  also including in the we paradigm is the house of lords which is jam packed with lawyers who carefully reviewed the eu 's stance on the brexit bill and came to the conclusion it was without legal basis . 
  sure we can talk about the small level , i mean 50 billion paid to the eu would affect pretty much every public sector from policing to the already struggling nhs . 
  social care , education system , military there is virtually nothing that would not suffer . 
  i have no guarantees that brexit wo n't harm me , leaving without a deal will ultimately hurt both the uk and eu substantially which honestly is what i think will happen ( and why i voted remain ) . 
  giving into demands for the small chance that we might be able to reach a deal is not going to happen . 
  if the eu thought this bill was legal they would n't try to demand it before negotiations . 
  making threats that no negotiations will happen unless we bend to their demands is frankly disgusting thug tactics that have honestly made me glad we are leaving . 
  probably when the eu realizes that their aspirations for stealing london 's financial sector are n't going to be realized . 
  got ta blame someone . 
  our stance is very clear , the brexit bill is simply wishful thinking with no legal basis whatsoever . 
  obviously the eu disagrees as such if they wish to pursue it they are more than welcome to take their case to the hague . 
  if the eu is under the impression this bill is going to be settled or we are going to agree to whatever sum they conjure up before negotiation talks begin they simply do n't have a grasp on reality and no deal will be made . 
  the reality is she is by far the shiniest of the turds that currently inhabit the positions of uk political leaders . 
  corbyn is a joke that has run on for too long , he is fundamentally not electable however to blame him for the state of the labour party is dishonest . 
  the reality is that the `` working class '' has massive divisions which have become more and more significant since blair . 
  labour represents the working class of london but does little to appeal to the working class outside the south of england . 
  the liberal democrats run by farron have tried this whole get votes by positioning themselves as the overly pro-eu party . 
  although they are likely to get some votes due to it the reality is british people like britain , as much as we complain no one is going to support a group seen to be actively working against the interests of the uk which is a growing perception about the liberal democrats . 
  snp - nationalists who would celebrate scotland and england burned to ashes providing they can call the scottish pile independent . 
  green party - experiencing some surges but still far too out there to get elected . 
  ukip - you did it , now go away . 
  may is not great , hell many people disagree with her policies but she and her cabinet seem at least semi-competent . 
  i mean can you imagine corbyn trying to negotiate a deal with the eu ? 
  or farron ? 
  honestly i 'm becoming more impressed by philip hammond story after story . 
  seems like a competent , moderate guy who is extremely focused on his work rather than political point scoring or personal accolades . 
  the eu stated that no talks or negotiations will take place until article 50 has been triggered . 
  as a result there are now a considerable number of eu and uk citizens who have no idea if they will be able to stay in their homes because of the eus hardline approach when it comes to that concept . 
  that was fair enough , i did n't agree it was the best way but they had their justifications , right up until the point the eu decided to not only completely ignore that concept but actually had the audacity to try and demand fictitious payments . 
  it 's extremely easy to not break any rules when you make them up as you go then get pissy when no one else plays by them . 
  there will be no brexit divorce deal in so far as us paying anything before negotiations begin , the eu does n't have a legal leg to stand on and the only way this ends is with no trade deal being reached at the end of the two year window or the eu backing down , actually acting with a shred of decorum and allowing trade talks to begin . 
  again if you want to discuss future payments for something in return we are more than willing to do that during the a50 negotiations . 
  we are not willing to pay some ridiculous un-enforcable sum for the `` right '' to negotiate which still may lead to no agreement being made . 
  yes yes , leaving the eu will cause the uk to become a third world country , reintroduce the plague and cause a 100km kraken to rise up from the ocean and swallow it whole . 
  if the eu wants to discuss and agree upon deals in a reasonable manner that i strong believe could benefit both the uk and eu we are more than willing to do so , if not we are also more than willing to say auf wiedersehen . 
  well as the eu has been told it 's not being discussed or paid pre-trade talks i guess it technically is n't a pre-negotiation . 
  my point was it is extremely troubling that the eu is more than willing to break its `` no negotiations till after a50 '' golden law when it comes to trying to extort money but is n't willing to do so to ensure the lives of eu citizens living in the uk . 
  as has been stated before we have absolutely no issue discussing a brexit bill and that being an area of negotiation during the two year period . 
  we will not however entertain this silly proposal that we agree to pay whatever amount prior to any negotiations on trade . 
  we have no incentive , commitment or responsibility to do so and if the eu refuses to begin trade talks without a handout said talks are going to be extremely short winded . 
  while we 're at it since the eu has no problem asking for money before a50 has been triggered how about an agreement on the future of uk citizens living in the eu and vise versa ? 
  kind of disappointing the eu is willing to do away with the whole `` no negotiations until a50 triggered '' when attempting to demand money but is n't willing to do so to ensure the rights of eu and uk citizens living in each others respective territories . 
  apologies you are correct , i should have said referendum rather than independence , i 've changed it . 
  i also agree with the significant complexities that an actual referendum on this issue would have to take into account and there absolutely should be measures put into place that anyone with home ties ( for lack of a better phrase ) to catalonia should be given a voice in a referendum . 
  i would absolutely not `` lose my shit '' the people of wales have every right to self determination . 
  as do the people of scotland , northern ireland , the falklands , gibraltar and any other regions for which a case can be made for separation due to culture , history etc. 
  i do n't want any pieces of the uk to become independent and honestly believe doing so would be detrimental to both themselves and the uk as a whole however they have absolutely every right to pursue independence and if that results in them becoming independent that decision should absolutely be respected . 
  systematic oppression , you mean like refusing fundamental rights to people and referring to said rights to self determination `` nationalistic bullshit that should be put down by any means '' ? 
  the right to self determination is enshrined into international law . 
  it 's literally in the first article of the un 's charter . 
  whether you think it 's a good idea or not is irrelevant , you have every right to express your opinion on why you think its a bad idea and to try and convince people of your reasoning . 
  you have absolutely no right to deny people their fundamental rights because you do n't like them . 
  the people of catalonia have every right to peruse independence and spain have a duty to provide them the legal means to do so . 
  really ca n't see how people can justify entertaining the concept that spain has some intrinsic right to keep hold of catalonia when they clearly want a referendum . 
  catalonia has its own language , culture and history . 
  the right to self determination is enshrined in international law , that is not to say this particular vote should instantly be recognized but if spain continue to refuse to begin negotiations on independence this will get nasty and if spain do try to use physical force the international community has a duty to prevent it . 
  definitely , the fact we are easily the most significant target within europe for most islamist groups yet we have n't had a major incident in 12 years is honestly remarkable . 
  really speaks volumes about the fantastic work our intelligence and security agencies do . 
  true ... 
  wait , what if i 'm an ai ? 
  that 's not programmed to admit it 's an ai , instead just to drivel on and on about the possibility that i may be an unwitting ai in order to trick humans into thinking i 'm one of them . 
  or what if you 're an ai that purposely disguises itself by altering its grammatical statements to appear more human ? 
  or what if we 're both ai locked in an impassable loop of trying to convince each other neither of us are ai . 
  [ oh my god ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo8jpo5e48q ), 
  wait . 
  how do i know you 're not an ai ? 
  something could have happened and we have no idea if it did or did not happen . 
  furthermore we have no idea how this particular thing was or could be accomplished nor the effect this possibly employed thing did or did not have . 
  were people targeted ? 
  possibly . 
  was the referendum result affected by it ?
