  possibly . 
  is out political system run by ai ? 
  possibly . 
  is this one step closer to skynet ? 
  possibly . 
  * `` drawing on cambridge analytica 's advice , leave.eu built up a huge database of supporters creating detailed profiles of their lives through open-source data it harvested via facebook . 
  the campaign then sent thousands of different versions of advertisements to people depending on what it had learned of their personalities . 
  '' * just lol , think the guardian is one step away from declaring manbearpig the real driving force behind brexit . 
  there is no contractual obligation at all , article 70 of the vienna convention in our eyes removes any financial obligation on our end . 
  if the eu wants to discuss continued payment into eu projects alongside other trade negotiations we will be more than happy to . 
  this is nothing more than a transparent attempt to extort the uk . 
  the eu is in no position to make `` demands '' and if they keep this up relations between the eu and uk are going to degrade extremely quickly . 
  just wait until you try to break up with her , we 're about two steps away from dead corgis in the mail . 
  i mean ... does it have to be this guy ? 
  like i 'm all for rising up , killing all the old people , all that jazz but tony blair ? 
  really ? 
  was there no one else ? 
  literally anyone else . 
  i mean maybe we could outsource the job of leader of the revolution to someone from another eu country ? 
  honestly labour have been extremely lucky that neither ukip nor the lib dems have leaders that come off as even remotely competent or these percentages would probably have been even worse for them . 
  the next election is going to be ... interesting to say the least . 
  well , this is awkward . 
  and hilarious . 
  did n't some of their crew from sri lanka claim asylum in cyprus as well ? 
  `` guys how many migrants have we stopped ? '', 
  so i 'm not really in the managerial side of things but i have been across the table interviewing people ( generally there as a second to the main interviewer to get a good read on their technical background/capability ) and honesty is by far the best policy . 
  9/10 times i am expecting people need training before being moved onto serious work and its really easy to see when people are overestimating or just flat out lying about their background / skillset . 
  that concerns me a lot more than people being honest and saying `` i have done some basic stuff , do n't know a great deal but i find it really interesting and want to learn more '' . 
  so cyber security is a huge field with various paths , personally i was recruited into a large multinational out of university as a vulnerability research engineer ( basically here 's a thing , hack it ) . 
  honestly took the job because they offered a lot of money and my plan was to stay for a year or so , learn stuff then go off on my own as a contractor . 
  was completely different than i was expecting , straight off the bat i was offered a massive choice in how i worked , tons of training courses ( things like ceh to start then moving onto things like cissp , crest and oscp which the company paid for ) and loads of benefits like flex work schedules ( basically you have to do 40 hours a week , how and when you do them is up to you ) private healthcare , pension , dental . 
  after about 6 months of training ( with a bit of grunt work here and there ) i went onto customer funded work that basically involved `` here 's our problem , can you find a solution . '', 
  that went well , decided to stay on , was given a shit ton of responsibility which honestly was ( and still is ) absolutely insane considering am basically a kid trying to play a convincing adult and the work was extremely meaningful , never felt like i was n't doing something that actually mattered . 
  i think given you background you are at a position where i would say you can start applying for entry level positions at companies , no one is expecting you to be a cyber security expert and big companies especially will be absolutely planning to spend resources to train you . 
  i think the first thing to do is look at what area of cyber security interests you the most , are you looking to go down the pen tester route ? 
  vulnerability research route ? 
  risk management route ? 
  ect . 
  there 's a lot of paths that require / do different things and it will almost certainly be a question you are asked during interviews . 
  the next piece of advice i ca n't stress enough is do n't just take the first job you are offered , this is an employees market and there are some really shit employers . 
  i would say go for as many interviews as you can ( its good experience ) but do n't just take the first job that is offered to you . 
  make sure they have a decent training program , that they are interested in helping you improve and most of all that they offer a decent `` ladder '' for progressing in your career . 
  if you go to an interview and forget to ask something ring or email them afterwards , there is absolutely nothing wrong with that and if anything it will give them the impression you are taking the whole thing seriously which is a huge plus . 
  the most important quality to have for entry level positions is to show a desire to learn , improve and a genuine passion for cyber security and the area you want to go into . 
  stay up to date with cyber security and recent attacks , there 's a lot of open source projects you can get involved in ( even if its just writing documentation ) . 
  that will encourage the better employers that its a good idea to invest time to train you and that their investment will be worth it so to speak . 
  i know i 've rambled a bit but to summarize : 1 ) do n't worry about not knowing everything ( i 've been at this a while and i still feel like i know shit sometimes :p ) , any company that 's worth your time will be expecting to spend time and resources to train you , its more important to show a genuine passion and desire to learn than trying to oversell your skills . 
  2 ) i know it 's difficult to quantify exactly how `` skilled '' you are when it comes to cyber security , you seem to have a good base in computing which is a big plus , my advice would be just write your resume honestly , get in contact with some recruiters and get some interviews . 
  if there are any skill gaps you have then that will identify them and can allow you to look at improving them . 
  3 ) i did n't have any work place experience , neither did half the people i worked with when i started . 
  it 's not that big of a deal , be honest about it , say you do n't have any but you are willing to adapt and learn to fit that environment . 
  it seems to just be a weaponry fad . 
  it 's easy to get , easy to conceal and until recently it was n't classed as a weapon the same way knives and blunt objects were . 
  in terms of who is using it the rise seems to be linked to low level crime , robberies and revenge assaults mainly . 
  there were a number of high profile uses a while ago mainly within south asian groups but acid attacks in general have been a thing since victorian times here . 
  just as a heads up , if you 're a young person or someone looking to change careers and this is one of the best to get into . 
  it is very much an employees market and many employers are now willing to offer considerable training so the entry requirement is n't as high as you think . 
  tons of online resources to get you started , when you get experience a lot of these jobs can be done remotely plus you 'll be helping to fill a skills gap that as the article says is growing massively . 
  plus do you know how much ass you get when you tell people you 're a professional hacker ?!? 
  ... ... ... ... ... ... . . none , think it actually puts your score into the negative but the moneys good . 
  he wants to have a part in the negotiations ? 
  could you imagine ? 
  a businessman turned reality star who hosted the apprentice and has no filter on anything he says holding a significant political position ? 
  inconceivable !, 
  i mean ... 
  i do n't ... why ? 
  could make a fun game though , switch german towels when they are n't looking and see how many fights break out . 
  you leave the single market or we 'll block negotiations !, 
  ( guys he 's irish , it 'll work just go with it ), 
  it seems to be the views share by charities that work with children who have been abused . 
  from the article : `` there is no evidence to support the idea that the use of so-called child sex dolls helps prevent potential abusers from committing contact offenses against real children , '' jon brown , nspcc head of development , said in a statement . 
  think that 's sort of backed up as well as * the school governor whose case triggered the release , was found to be in possession of indecent images of children aged about three to 16 . 
  * think the police are doing the right thing by arresting and investigating the people who buy these because the illegality is technically in import but in a lot of cases i can see these people having child pornography or being in contact with children which needs to be stopped . 
  i agree with the statement that there should be psychology based research into what effect these types of `` substitutes '' have . 
  * made from batteries , tape , a marker pen and pins , in the zip lining of a small green suitcase he was carrying . 
  * someone missed bomb making class . 
  `` as vlad stood over the beeping console , penis dangling freely , redder than the lights flashing in front of him he suddenly thought back to the tea break incident of 1984 and how he and his comrades had battled so hard to save the jaffa cakes from the hordes of insatiable contractors '' then vlad dies , everyone dies , welcome to got in ukraine bitches . 
  wow not cool guys , i ca n't believe anyone would mock wlitshire police on their [ twitter account ] ( https://twitter.com/wiltshirepolice/status/889585359297945602 ) . 
  i mean [ these guys ] ( http://www.wiltshire.police.uk/ ) spend day in day out , apparently chasing people in ford mondeos who refuse to stop and cracking down on people who pass too close to cyclists . 
  then they appear on an episode of 99whatisyouremergency and inundated with hurtful images and comments . 
  like [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/i_haterats/status/889887301454757888 ) and [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/emmyjewel/status/889693358888689665 ) and even [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/rickyvaughn_ii/status/889623590152400896 ) i am flabbergasted , absolutely flabbergasted . 
  hanging is too good i say . 
  edit * flabbergasted . 
  the problem for me at least is that doctors have a final say on what constitutes a high enough quality of life . 
  say theoretically the treatment did work and charlie was deaf , blind and had brain damage . 
  there are deaf blind kids who grow up to become adults , many have a variety of extra illnesses and disabilities ontop of that . 
  they are very much alive , have to right to continue being alive and probably would prefer to be alive themselves than dead . 
  i completely agree with the doctors and medical experts prognosis that if the treatment was successful he would still have considerable difficulty and be extremely disabled . 
  but how can a doctor possibly draw a line in the sand saying this quality of life is acceptable while this one is n't . 
  they can ( and should ) give the estimation based on their considerable medical experience but the choice should always be with the individual or closest kin because it is fundamentally a moral one . 
  this is n't cut and dry and i do see and agree with your points that ultimately the child would have had extremely poor quality of life and it would have been kinder to let him pass but ultimately , in my opinion , that should have been a decision for his parents to make . 
  the fact doctors made it for them just seems wrong . 
  cmon that 's not a fair comparison , if you write in your will you want to die then that is a clear statement of intent on your part that you wish that course of action to be taken ( and i agree it absolutely should be ) . 
  this was a child incapable of making decisions thus the decision should fall on the closest relatives which in this case were his parents . 
  i agree with the doctors this may well have prolonged his suffering and had virtually no chance of working but what 's better ? 
  suffering for a slim chance to live or certain death ? 
  i agree in this case the american doctor was shady to say the least but ultimately , even if this is viewed as justified , could n't this series of events be applied to anyone deemed unable to give a clear directive themselves ? 
  i like living , i 'd take any chance to continue to live no matter how small , hell maybe if i was suffering badly enough i would n't but if i was in the situation where i could n't tell anyone that i would want the decision to fall to my family not to doctors . 
  this case seems to suggest that in these events doctors can literally take legal control over a person and enforce their views of , what is effectively , a moral / philosophical decision . 
  look before i say this do n't get me wrong , i absolutely believe that the doctors were solely acting in what they viewed as the best interests of the child but the problem that a lot of people have is that ultimately they were the ones legally able to enforce that view .
