fukushima was n't run by the evil communists , it was run for profit . 
  it di n't happen not because a tsunami , it happened because generators failed when they got wet . 
  engineering failure number one , because doing it right would n't have been economical . 
  and the reactors did not property shut down on power loss . 
  engineering failure number two , because doing it right would n't have been economical . 
   now , that 's just fear mongering . 
  that is what happened . 
  call me the day a policeman knocks at your door at 3 am , shouting `` there was an accident with a nearby power line . 
  you 're ordered to leave your house now . 
  do not take you stuff . 
  do not expect to return within the next 30 years . '', 
  my point is that this tool is to my detriment in any case . 
  unfortunately i 'm not a european company . 
  breaking news : life expectancy is higher now than 25 years ago . 
  do you seek to engage in espionage , sabotage , export control violations , or any other illegal activity while in / r/europe ? 
  do you seek to engage in terrorist activities while in / r/europe or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities ? 
  have you ever or do you intend to provide financial assistance or other support to terrorists or terrorist organizations ? 
  are you a member or representative of a terrorist organization ? 
  have you ever ordered , incited , committed , assisted , or otherwise participated in genocide ? 
   the people of scotland are to be offered a historic opportunity to devise a federal future for their country  the united kingdom is moving as close to a federal state as is possible  a relationship with the rest of the uk which to all intents and purposes would be federal noooo , do n't do this scotland !, 
  `` federalism '' means unelected bureaucrats will regulate the shape of your penisses . 
  really ? 
  sounds like home . 
  whatever empowers the individual , really . 
  rightwingers are actually typically very happy with decision making that happens over their heads , as long the decisions are made by the strongman they fap to . 
  and collective decisions should be taken by elected bodies and governments that answer to them , be they european or national or whatever and not by 28 of such strongmen ( well , more or less strong ) in a backroom . 
  pardon my friend , i did not elect her . 
  and even if i had , i would n't be automagically responsible for or agreeing with anything she allegedly does or thinks . 
  and i am certainly not `` an eu country '' but a guy before a monitor whose opinions and actions might or might not agree with the ruling government of any level at any time . 
  lumping people into faceless collectives and then address human properties to them is what gets tanks rolling the first place . 
  countries do n't do anything neither do people * s * , only people do . 
  they 're taking our jerbs !, 
  it 's called a meme - and they 're not supposed to be funny , they just , well , exist  . 
  / u/lastoc / said in this thread  allegedly because there are spiderwebs flying in the air that reminded people of grey hair . 
  that 's also the explanation i was aware of . 
  til , thanks . 
  indian summer = altweibersommer , old women 's summer , `` weib '' is actually a derogatory term though is was neutral in the past . 
  according to wikipedia the etymology is somewhat unclear . 
  milky way = milchstra\u00dfe , milk street sunshower = i 'm not aware of any german term . 
  it 's being kept secret . 
  the survivors have been killed by the cia . 
  and the families . 
  and everybody who knew them . 
  or their families . 
  in fact , all ukrainians have been killed by now and replaced by cia agents . 
  next time try something like `` putin says ukraine wants ` pornstar of europe ' thread on / r/europe , rt claims , the bbc has learned . '', 
  and you fit right in . 
  it 's a political union but foreign policy lies within the member states ' competences so seeing this link i was like no shit sherlock . 
  the un security council is in permanent session . 
  you mean `` every government spies on every human being '' ? 
  because i did n't wiretap any person 's phone . 
  that the german government spies on people , for example their own , is n't exactly a secret , it 's not even an open one . 
  i do n't think anybody is so delusional not knowing this . 
  it 's still a crime , a breach of human rights and of western values if that word has any meaning i 'd subscribe to . 
  jones raped smith 's wife and smith raped jones ' wife might look fair - ** except ** if you happen to play the role of one of the wifes in this little game, 
   if you want equal treatment i do n't . 
  an equal treatment will in general not lead to an equal state from an unequal state . 
  fighting middle-aged men raping children does not imply that one considers children raping middle-aged men totally ok . 
  it just means that one understands that the latter might happen a little less frequently in the real world . 
  ctrl-f `` space '' and reddit does n't disappoint . 
  this is from  5 november 2012 now patiently waiting for `` britain invades india '' . 
  i ca n't see any spon agenda and i wish they had one . 
  both s\u00fcddeutsche and faz , to name a liberal and a conservative example , do have one and both are a better read . 
  spon 's only agenda is to give some distraction to their customer base and make them feel smart from time to time ( as opposed to * actually * make them smarter ) . 
  it 's basically populism for would-be intellectuals . 
  they 're still waiting for us to prove that they do n't own the rights for the klingon operas . 
  until that happens the universe falls under their jurisdiction . 
  all german police cars should become green again . 
  that weak governments are powerless against international companies while strong governments are n't necessarily . 
  and that the economist therefore likes to keep them . 
  `` do n't help them get their shit and let them work together . 
  they may start pushing their own interests forward '' as modomario put it . 
  well , that 's what i said right ? 
  the eu does the trade policy they want ( disregarding what one would think about it ) because they can do the trade policy they want ( within limits ) . 
  the typically african state does n't because they ca n't . 
  if they do what they do because they want to , why would that change in a more integrated structure . 
  it 's still at http://www.livestream.com/eurospaceagency/, 
  til : economists can forecast the british gdp 20 years ahead and up to a billion pounds depending on whether `` reforms '' of scope unknown will happen or not . 
  physicists , are you even trying ? 
  you 're not making sense . 
  at least not to me . 
  maybe to smarter people . 
  giving up your nationality ( i guess this is what we both mean when we say `` passport '' ) in favor of another one is a statement , not doing this is a statement , and only assuming another nationality if you can keep the old one is a statement too . 
  this is apparently not seen as a mere bureaucratic act , and thus there is nothing pedantic about pointing out how this is handled differently . 
   i use the basic test of what 's written on a passport . 
  that implies the test subject holds one and only one . 
  the first country to print `` sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll '' on their euros will immediately become my favorite country . 
  any reason why this is more relevant today than it was yesterday ? 
  well anyway , no shit sherlock . 
  this is actually true for countries , companies , clubs , any way in which people can be organized . 
  humans have a conscience , organizations do n't . 
  humans can feel remorse , organizations wo n't . 
  humans might take personal responsibility , as part of a group they can always dodge out . 
  if nations were people they were sociopaths . 
  however , they are n't people and only as powerful as we let them be . 
  the only reason society works at all is because people are able to choose from a variety of coalitions to support their interests on a case by case basis , instead of being forced to channel all their influence through always the same hierarchy . 
  and this is why the eu is a great thing , because it allows us to do exactly that on a continental scale . 
  and this is because so-called intergovernmental approaches will always fuck up sooner or later . 
  the better they work ( i.e. 
  the better they control the game ) the sooner they fuck up .
