   anyone can do something like this ?!, 
  i do n't know which planet you 're from but it 's no doubt a nice place to live . 
  when the dead american dream has been brought back wo n't it try to eat the brains of the mexican and canadian dream ? 
  at last , my people are free !, 
  ... because russian rockets keep exploding or otherwise malfunctioning . 
  thank you , putin !, 
  governments ( not the uk one in particular each and every one ) do not like when people do the same to the government what the government does to them . 
  * we trying to gain as much benefits as we can from others : ok * you 're trying to gain as much ( social ) benefits from us : unethical * we 're trying to pay as less as we can : ok * you 're ( legally ) trying to dodge taxes : unethical . 
  * we 're pushing our `` identity '' ( whatever that means ) : ok * you 're pushing your minority `` identity '' ( whatever that means ) : unethical, 
  so the uk press can report about censored irish news and irish press can report about censored uk news . 
  so , when will all white men be killed now ? 
  do i have to register somehow somewhere ? 
  get an appointment ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  no , i 'm one of many bushs . 
  / u/wasserkraft is hillary . 
  do n't forget spouses and children of presidents become presidents by themselves sooner or later !, 
   david cameron says he has the porn filters switched on at home sexual frustration leads to aggression . 
  somebody please take the nukes from this man . 
  ok . so the eu is a couple of buildings in brussels where they 're only producing thunderstorms , sour herring and lightning strikes but where they * should * be producing sunshine , lollipops and rainbows [ * ] . 
  and now our hero cameron is going to set that right . 
  [ * ] not meant to be cis-hetero-phobic in any way !, 
  the problem is ( and not only in the uk ) that the eu is seen as a couple of buildings in brussels where they 're magically * producing * all that sunshine , lollipops and rainbows . 
  but the eu is a couple of hundred million people , namely us . 
  european football championship , champions league , europa league . 
  and probably also some competitions in not-real-sports ( i.e. 
  not football ) . 
  liberalism has to do with a certain idea of the human being , especially that they 're capable of making sound decisions without guidance by state authorities . 
  one might disagree with that of course , and you might disagree with that , but liberalism this is not . 
  i went to such canteens during my university years and it was the only alternative for a poor student . 
  my professor could afford to eat in a private run restaurant . 
  of course there are also poor people eating in company 's canteens , and when you 're jobless you eat at home anyway . 
  so the whole thing was arbitrary as fuck . 
  i would call it a pure populist measure - but that would imply it was popular in the first place . 
  there are good reasons to assume that the ecological costs of our meat consummation are too high . 
  then , by all means , tax it . 
  my professor could then still buy his steak if he wanted , but one could at least spend the money on something useful . 
  and the poor student could at least decide if he wants to spend money on a steak or beer . 
  if you interfere with people 's life make it with a clear goal , fair , and effective . 
  and not because you can . 
  that is just despotism . 
  well , i assumed your judgment in the second paragraph has something to do with your first ( and/or the context , but i see now that the veggie day discussion was a parallel thread - my fault ) . 
  maybe they 're completely disjointed . 
  in any case , then please explain to me how the the green 's political positions are `` liberal in the negative way '' . 
  because , by all criticism i have for the positions of the greens , that 's not quite clear to me . 
  i 'm not sure what an out of area military doctrine has to do with liberalism.and i * am * sure that forcing eating habits on the population has nothing to do with liberalism . 
  it has recently been revived using the [ original rules ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war ) . 
  it 's currently being held in eastern ukraine . 
  but what if spain starts to sell unwanted municipalities to south america ? 
  putin 's idea of a perfect society has a lot of appeal in certain political quarters in many countries , in case you did n't notice . 
  that 's the europe we 're living in . 
  that does not mean that i think that this as explanation for the outcome . 
  a concession to putin so estonia could become nordic . 
  it 's not that popular . 
  the awkward son of the family does n't like it , sits in his room and comments on it here . 
  the other awkward son of the family watches it in his room and comments on it in another thread . 
  meanwhile daddy drinks beer and watches football in the living room and occasionally hits his wife . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iowjkrlptns#t=40s ), 
  juncker was the epp 's candidate before the elections to the parliament and was elected by the parliament because the epp won the most seats . 
  and the parliament made pretty much clear that they would n't elect any other candidate than the one who met that criteria . 
  juncker was n't de jure appointed by the council because de jure the council can nominate candidates until the cows come home and they wo n't get the job without the parliament electing them . 
  neither was he de facto appointed by the council because his nomination as epp candiate was decided on an epp party congress in which heads of government leaders not from the epp had no say in at all . 
  bottom line : he was n't appointed by the council . 
  and * of course * he was n't approved by member state parliaments as you claim because that would mean the bundestag would have a formal vote on him . 
  new angry old men are born everyday , and many of them are n't even old , or men . 
  we wo n't enter the eternal age of peace , joy , and pancakes any time soon , i 'm afraid . 
  it will be displayed to the public during the opening celebration for the new berlin airport . 
  if she wanted to kill all white men * at her college * i 'd agree with you and i 'd say , yes , this is somehow a contribution to an internal discussion if all white men there should be killed or not , and it 's really not up to outsiders like us to try and force a specific outcome . 
  but killing * all * white men is somehow beyond student politics , i feel , so i think people 's desire to voice their opinion on that is a legitimate one . 
  full disclosure : / u/dimetrans is a white man and an untimely death would most likely have a detrimental effect on his career . 
  as opposed to the track record of the nation state ? 
  you 're kidding me . 
   any international group like humanity ? 
  were n't those the guys who were supposed to win eurovision for sure according to the wise men of reddit because political correctness and stuff ? 
  if you mean by corruption that some says some guy turns up at his desk and says `` i 'll give you xxxx $ if you do this or that . '', 
  and coeure says `` ok . '' then no . 
  if you mean by corruption that he 's nice to people he sees a lot and does them a favor every now and then and they are nice to him and do him a favor every now and then in return , then yes . 
  maybe farage is solving the immigrant problem on his own now ? 
   so now that the bnd is under heavy fire for being a bunch of treacherous scumbags , they suddenly rembembered that they actually are n't useless ? 
  well , yes . 
  hurray !, 
  where were you when schland won the war against terror ? 
  they did n't even confirm that they faked the moon landings . 
  which proves that they did . 
  any flag design a 5-yo would struggle to draw on a piece of paper fails per default . 
  ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ spain , ^ ^ we ^ ^ love ^ ^ you ^ ^ anyway . 
  it is my pet theory that people who put the shape of their territory on the flag have few other things they would agree on . 
  we demand equal opportunity killing !, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=3717 ), 
  just carry the french flag with pride . 
  obviously , when you have to carry a flag all day there is no time looking for a job . 
  so you 're perfectly eligible for benefits . 
  all our money is in greece . 
  send kebab plz . 
  is this legit ? 
  if yes i 'm gon na troll the mericans even harder ... 
  freedums for liberland !, 
  where did you get the money from to buy that car ? 
  you 're trying to trick me into [ final devoicing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/final-obstruent_devoicing ) , are n't you . 
  that 's just american with a funny accent .
