  basically , if anybody can look at the code then chances are , nobody will . 
  back then , i would have dismissed the idea of nsa involvement as conspiracy theory , though . 
  today , well . 
  of course it 's still very possible that it was just a big screw-up , but it was certainly hopelessly naive of me to rule out sabotage right away . 
  til europe is kinda like a gay hitler on drugs . 
  `` oiro '' would be a perfectly sound pseudo-phonetic representation of how the ~ ~ yuro ~ ~ euro it is pronounced in german , in and outside of bavaria . 
  `` ajro '' is n't, 
  it 's remarkable that i 'm still getting paid and pay in a currency that `` failed '' two years ago ( and three years ago , and four years ago , and , and ... ) . 
  til : betteridge 's law of headlines, 
  why do all people always generalize ? 
  history teaches us exactly the opposite . 
  sure * individuals * might take responsibility for their decisions but whereever * collective * decisions are be made each and everyone will deny responsibilty afterwards if things go wrong . 
  nobody will be willing to deal with consequences as long as there is somebody else to blame . 
  what the hell is a `` two party system '' in the context of that map anyway ? 
  til for 500 $ i could buy a camel and ride it to work every morning . 
  you forgot sealand ^ ^ probably . 
   scotland is bringing in a 5p charge next year . 
  pardon , but in the supermarkets where i buy plastic bags are more expensive than that . 
  i avoid buying them for environmental reasons but i 'd never thought of not getting one because they are * too expensive * on top of my 20 , 30 , or 40 $ . purchase . 
  so in other words they 're the wrong kind of selfish ? 
  the notion that referenda are useful relies on a certain idea of man and his role in society . 
  the notion `` the government failed to inform me properly if we 're in the eu or not '' also relies on a certain idea of man and his role in society . 
  but they somehow do n't look compatible to me . 
  once again , doom is imminent . 
   `` should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union or leave the european union ? '', 
  i expect 100 % `` yes '' on that . 
  made my day !, 
  sorry to be the party pooper , but ... 
  i 'm a child of rome , or of europe , i 'm a child of my mother and my father , and above all , i am myself , an individual . 
  i do n't feel to need to invent a grand story to define myself or find a meaning in life and i resent any attempt to push one down my throat . 
  if there is one thing people will be hopefully bend their knee to one hundred years into the future then their own refined conscience . 
  which can be quite a nagging , nasty and well-working thing even today . 
  i think you metioned all the reasons why the eu wo n't let this accession happen . 
  to get back at the americans we must find a way to make 3d-printers print * godless socialism * . 
  why do they have `` voters '' at all ? 
  i 'd suppose if anybody who wants to enter parliament simply turn up there the house will still be half empty . 
  exactly . 
  would n't jew-rosceptic sound much better than anti-semitic ? 
  the question is not so much if but what and how . 
  countries do n't harass people . 
  people harass people . 
  coming soon to all perfectly maintained inner city streets near you . 
  while we claim that human rights are universal , we grant them only to a selected group of people . 
  this is true everywhere on this planet , except in those many places where they are n't granted at all , of course ( though there are few places where the rulers do n't at least pay lip service to these rights ) . 
  this is such a basic truth that we hardly ever think about it , so it 's worth wrapping our head around it from time to time , no matter if we think about this fact as good or bad , a necessity or not . 
  i indeed think that people will some day regard this like we regard slavery though i doubt it wo n't be as soon as in the time of our grandchildren and not by those who are able to put things into its historical context . 
  but i actually ca n't see this not happening except if our global civilisation takes a permanent downturn due to dwindling resources . 
  too bad , next to bloggingportal , this was my regular read on europen issues . 
   we 're not obliged to buy their stuff i think you got that backwards . 
  the very reason tariffs exist is to skew the people 's decision what to buy . 
  it 's not that the government is protecting me from african farmers forcing their products down my throat . 
  looks interesting . 
  thank you . 
  downloading ... 
  that calls for a ... daily mail : `` government gives free porn to bloody furrin immigrants . '', 
  ... or something, 
  begun the circlejerk has . 
  as long as do n't all live upstairs from you ... 
  who needs medals when you can find a pot of gold at your feet . 
  thanks for linking me to video comments teaching me that `` merkel is a jew in two respects '' and 512 more comments in a similar vein . 
  made my day . 
  because it 's the law . 
  a democracy is a form of government allows the people to change the government by peaceful means , contraints the concentration of power , and protects the rights of the individual . 
  declaring national sovereignty is like the government locking the door before they rape you , as this example shows again quite nicely . 
   a country as ambitious as you are . 
  now i feel sorry for lithuania . 
   study by open europe study by bicycle dealers association finds `` germans do n't like cars '', 
  yes , but as state institution they wo n't * help * you anymore because that 's a thing of the 20th century , right ? 
  see above : some people are best ridiculed by taking them seriously . 
   it is quite laughable if you think that abolishing the monarchy well i actually explicitly excluded the 6 $ for the monarchy , right ? 
  i just wanted to know if the government refuses the help it 's people then what do they need all the money for . 
  what elderly are you talking about ? 
  i mean , welfare state is over for them too , right ? 
  so no persions anymore from oct 1st i suppose . 
  some people are best ridiculed by taking them seriously . 
  that 's all i did . 
  that 's is rather bold talk . 
  if i ca n't look at the state for help then why are there taxes ? 
  or a * state * for that matter ? 
  ok , 100 million euros for the king , i get it , that 's about 6 $ per dutch person . 
  can they now keep the rest ? 
  since i 've got downvoted for this let me explain what i mean : this simply tells us what germany is associated with and * that * again tells me that 1 . 
  in their heart of hearts nobody wants german leadership . 
  any attempt to assume this position will only backfire on us . 
  badly . 
  because 3x `` nazi '' and 1x `` hitler '' makes this article an average one about germany . 
   i am also not entirely sure what the mediterranean union is . 
  nor was sarkozy . 
  [ mediterranean union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_for_the_mediterranean ), 
  my predictions : fdp is in , but barely , afd is out , but barely . 
  spd+g reens + left  cdu/csu + fdp . 
  grand coalition follows . 
  i will propably vote pirates despite i 'm sure they wo n't make it . 
  i feel no particular anger against the established parties ( well , a lot less than most people anyway ) i just consider civil rights an important topic . 
  well , it depends on the odds the bookie is willing to offer . 
  a spd-green-left coalition is very unlikely , even if the majority would be there . 
  a grand cdu-spd ( in that order ! ), 
  coalition is becoming more likely these days than cdu-liberals but do n't expect any big policy changes from it . 
  ah , the troll table , here we meet again . 
  works every time .
