  ca n't uncringe the cringe . 
  i attest a superior understanding of how letters are actually pronounced . 
  people speaking french or american , take note . 
  and that 's how we founded apple , google , facebook , spacex . 
  except we did n't . 
  feminst islamists . 
  or maybe just the direct action committee for quality tv . 
  one can dream ... 
  it may be that jobbik or the bnp are left wing according to whatever algorithm they used to generate this index . 
  but it 's not the scale along these parties are commonly judged or how they group in the ep . 
  so can we conclude that this economic dimension is of very limited relevance in real life ? 
  i also would like to know how exactly one could falsify the results of this paper . 
  life is like hell here . 
  my children are hungry . 
  me sneaks into england . 
  woman with crown offers me job : prime minister . 
  is dirty and boring job . 
  me works for half the money , old prime minister loses job . 
  now his children are hungry . 
  but what can do ? 
  democracy is not voting on laws about what people somewhere else should do . 
  i thought that 's clear ? 
  most criticism against the uk is that they try to gain influence over the rest of europe ( via voting in council an parliament ) while not applying these rules at home ( due to the many opt-outs ) . 
  basically they 're in permanent violation of the rules in practice , just not in theory . 
  perfect reply to a long rant . 
  return to the center of ... baghdad ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the tories are not anti-what-eu ? 
  putin is probably not as stupid to say he wants to see nato to be disbanded but he surely wants to see it `` reformed '' . 
  why do you hate freedums ? 
  aka `` the death by a thousand open tabs '' . 
  i know tv-tropes but that 's not what i 'm looking for . 
  more like `` wan na see age of ultron ? '', 
  `` what number is that ? '', 
  `` 85 '' `` then i 'll skip , i 've seen an 85 last month , '', 
  til there is a `` classification system for folktale motifs '' . 
  there should be one for hollywood movie plots too . 
  holding your breath for several days is also not healthy . 
  sex , drugs , and rock 'n' roll . 
  economists still do n't know how large the optimum currency area is , but it 's smaller than a duckling and a kitten combined . 
  in the future , germany 's economy will be a basket case , on terminally decline , hopeless and doomed according to the economist and other quality press , and this future will happen before 2025 i estimate . 
  why ? 
  because it has been a basket case , on terminally decline , hopeless and doomed a few times before . 
  proof that the next apple will fall downwards from the tree instead of upwards ? 
  it 's fair to say that it is a well tested theory that surveillance mechanisms will be used `` without the explicit consent of the person concerned '' against said person despite explicit claim of the opposite . 
  he should have shown us an ascii graphic in vi . 
  or every add ever . 
  but i 'm fine with that definition . 
  400 years of genocide , 400 years of deafening silence from the american liberal twittersphere . 
  i accuse . 
  `` central fringes '' . 
  wsj could n't troll poland any harder even if they made a conscious effort . 
  nimb applies to pretty much anything . 
  if you want to make this the guideline of your policies then start by shutting down each and every airport and power plant in the country . 
  this would reduce the influx of refugees automatically , i guess . 
  i do n't even know what `` culturally < somewhere  '' means . 
  most likely something many people in < somewhere  would n't subscribe to , many people outside of < somewhere  * would * subscribe to , and/or something completely irrelevant . 
  of course politicians who use that phrase never define it , for that very reason . 
  how about demanding 1 $ from everybody who wants to write a comment ? 
  it 's like a tax on madness !, 
  it 's a way of showing russia the finger . 
  yeah , i hope if tsipras was having `` secret '' dinners in frankfurt every second day somebody in greece would notice ... 
  because it 's an international agreement ( law ) ? 
  yeah , arguments against ttip , point something out of many . 
  except `` deporting all migrants '' would be against international law . 
  you would have to deport all judges first . 
  do you have a problem with hutts ? 
  speciesist !, 
  to what end ? 
  to replace the infighting warlords by a dictator like the one we toppled to replace him by infighting warlords ? 
   the reason you ca n't understand it is because , like most atheists today , you ' v created a straw man of religion in your mind you 've created a straw man of atheism in your mind . 
  i 've never met the kind of atheist with capital a you 're talking about in real life . 
  in fact there was a time when i thought they were merely an invention of mad evangelicals . 
  most people i know are not spending their free time on retweeting dawkins , they simply do n't give a shit . 
  they also kill more people . 
  more relevant than most statistics posted here . 
  somebody make this a map and post it at / r/mapporn please . 
  i 'm glad it 's not just me . 
  the picture is intended to induce a cognitive state called amusement . 
  the statement printed on the picture is counterfactual and so is the statement about its source . 
  i was expecting richard dawkins in the top 3 . 
  but the monolith said ... 
  why did the americans revolt against england when the chance that the son or wife or other relative of a former head of state becoming head of state is just as high ? 
  things working despite merkel not doing anything pretty much summarizes her chancellorship . 
  why does n't he commemorate in another ex-soviet state ? 
  i could think of one ... 
  so a vote for ukip is a vote for labour is a vote for snp ( salmond ) is a vote for the conservatives ? 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  totally wrong . 
  you need to teach the kids that sex is literally worse than hitler and soon you get as many teenage pregnancies as you want ,, 
  it 's also a * moon * of another asteroid . 
  the impact wo n't be hard enough to kick the moon out of orbit or measurably change the trajectory of the whole system . 
  but hard enough to detect the change of the orbit of the smaller around the larger . 
  `` putin '' / `` not putin '' would be enough . 
  more like `` obama advisor ^ * suggests to make moscow target of asteroid bombardment . '', 
  ^ * you are a political advisor as long as the politician has a non-zero chance to read what you write . 
  old media rule ... 
  i bet . 
  rt has probably quoted you already . 
  so with socks in sandals , a capital airport that will never be finished and greece not paying their debts ?
