  i do n't know and i do n't think it 's that much important if they 're sitting at the ecb board or not . 
  in particular , it 's not important for the greek people . 
  in fact one could argue they 've already left the euro , at least for the moment , the second syriza imposed capital controls . 
  what is a currency worth if you ca n't use it freely ? 
  that 's totally true , but that not what schulz said . 
  the quote is short enough , is n't it ? 
   is greece still in the euro after this referendum ? 
  that is certainly the case true . 
   the euro is not available as a means of payment in other words : the government ca n't use the euro because it does n't have any . 
  so : true . 
  so they can either close shop or  they will have to introduce another currency after the referendum true . 
  sweden , here i come . 
  how 's her sex life ? 
  if it was only about that . 
  they want to ban ips . 
  that never works . 
  i had more temporary bans on message boards for cancer i did n't post on boards where i never went than i could count . 
  is somebody confusing / r/europe with a popular subreddit ? 
  the admins probably do n't even know what a `` europe '' is . 
  ask him for a credit !, 
  italians : `` we say that we do n't trust us , but this is probably a lie ... '', 
  so it 's not your conspiracy theory , it 's just your theory that everybody is conspiring against greece 's current government . 
  the council of europe was `` pissed off with the greek referendum '' as early as 2007 . 
  said who ? 
  the fact that greece has been on intensive care during a center left , center right , and radical left government speaks against you conspiracy theory btw . 
  god prevent us from ever needing such `` successes '' . 
   god forbid a left government has success in the eu . 
  a very modest sign of success for a government would be not needing bailouts in the first place . 
  if they 're fuck the * masses * over . 
  which would be stupid . 
  you do n't stop all the white kids tailgating , you stop black guy . 
  you do n't raid the homes of peter , paul , and mary who use tor , you raid the home of ahmed who uses it . 
  you do n't arrest 90 % of some third world hellhole 's population for bribery , you arrest the guy who * just happens * to be the leader of the opposition . 
  governments dream of mass civil obedience . 
  it means when they want to fuck somebody over they can always find a reason . 
  `` defenders of the eu '' ? 
  the eu is founded on the principle that the individual has obligations and rights that transcend and bind the member state . 
  if i would reject these principles there would be no reason to care for people in spain or greece in the first place . 
  let alone pondering the question if i live on a `` planet '' and , if yes , which one . 
  help should go to * those in need * , that is the ideal to strive for . 
  i do n't know if that is a neoliberal position by your definition of `` neoliberalism '' . 
  the poor do n't live here . 
  in fact we do everything to keep them as distant as possible from this continent . 
  your solidarity is supposed to go to people that are relatively well off by absolute standards . 
  plus it 's not people you feel especially connected too . 
  you can find people you can connect to everywhere in the western world . 
  in fact virtually everywhere on this planet , to a varying degree . 
  thanks to a globalization of subcultures due to the internet . 
  at the same time the internet brings brought a lot of shit in your own country to broad daylight . 
  it 's hard to justify solidarity both intellectually , on any ethical basis ( because it 's not directed at those in need ) and emotionally ( because it 's not directed at those you feel closest to ) . 
  quality journalism right here . 
  `` people in the foreign countries talk in funny languages instead of normal english our correspondent has learned . '', 
  eli5 how it can be in the interest of tsipras to run a government not paying pensioners in the euros the government does n't have instead of paying pensioners in the drachmas they can print like madmen ? 
  but i think there are also some in scotland !, 
  you could just form a common state with them or something . 
  iirc that proposal was made before the referendum announcement . 
  in any case , i call bs . 
  `` sources '' `` reconsidering '' greek redditors correct me , but would n't that amount to political suicide at this point ? 
  i 'm gon na steal this title and shout it at the supermarket check-out tomorrow . 
  i 'm just not sure about the time line . 
  but yes , it does n't really matter if it 's off the table or twice off the table . 
  was n't there another proposal on the 26th ? 
  a few buttmad people being buttmad ? 
  that 's exactly how facebook works . 
   this has nothing to do with religion please stahp . 
  agreeced !, 
   greece does n't have #greserves to even organise #greferendum according to brussels fixed that for you, 
  i guess we would just give it to poland . 
  game theory of ping pong statements ? 
  is lgbtt a typo or do i need to update my pc vocab ? 
  do n't break the circle jerk . 
  everyone knows bavarian head teachers are heartbleeding libruls secretly pushing an islamist agenda . 
  leader of the free world is a contradiction in terms . 
  countries are n't pokemons . 
   all the germans it 's so sad that all foreigners always generalize everything . 
  the bankers are also trying to defend `` their people '' at the literal expense of others . 
  it 's always astounding how egoism suddenly becomes a virtue when it comes wrapped in a flag . 
  this remark is n't pointed at a specific target , since there are more than enough . 
  the procedures ( or their absence ) are being enforced on the children either way . 
  ^ ^ this ^ ^ post ^ ^ is ^ ^ valid ^ ^ without ^ ^ providing ^ ^ a ^ ^ translation . 
   ... that 's nice . 
  however , you ca n't vote for other countries to give you more money , that 's not how democracy works . 
   maybe i 'm being cynical , but perhaps the justice minister is just saying this to piss off the americans because they spied on the french . 
  maybe i 'm being cynical , but that is a better reaction that that of ... eh ... other people in other countries . 
  we do n't have anything against bus passengers . 
  it 's the criminal bus drivers we must stop that drive them around in overloaded busses and demand money from them . 
  we need to bomb busses for humanitarian reasons . 
  the * real * queen never came back from her china visit in 1986 ... 
  the stronger bullying the weaker is the default mode of relations when you put a number of individuals together whose actions are n't restricted by the law . 
  `` sovereign '' nations are n't being restricted by laws . 
  that 's why the stronger bullying the weaker is the default mode of international relations too . 
  the whole situation is about sovereign greece ( euphemism for the government in charge ) deciding to spend money they do n't have vs. other sovereign countries ( euphemism for the governments in charge ) deciding not to deliver that money . 
  the involvement of eu institutions is window dressing . 
  the eu could have made a binding decision years ago , for better or worse , if it was n't for the small detail that the eu does n't have the competences to . 
  next in : russian soldiers spending their holidays in ukraine on strike for 35-hours week . 
  these cars do n't count . 
  the member russian elite radiates so much democracy and liberalism it denazifies any fascist car they sit in within 5 minutes . 
  you wo n't be laughing once they 've cut you in half with their mighty rainbow lasers . 
  putin thinks so too and so far nobody has proven him wrong . 
  not anymore .
