  i consider those who approve of it as selfish and i dislike them for it . 
  but they 're not `` the swiss '' even if they win their referendum by 90 percent there still a lot of cool people who will suffer from this . 
  why am i so anal about this ? 
  because arguing along these lines only strengthens the nationalist narrative . 
  first , this is not spaceship brussels taking revenge on the pesky natives out of pure evilness the eu is hundreds of millions of * people * . 
  as i see it , eu is something we profit from . 
  people might disagree . 
  but when they want a different deal they will * naturally * have to pay a price , because in the end of the day , they demand the deal from * other * people who will want compensation for it . 
  this is something the nationalists typically fail to mention . 
  second , this is not about * us * versus * them * , this is about * some * people in switzerland who want a different deal and just because they use the buzzword * national interest * it is neither automatically a good thing nor in the interest of every swiss and we should gang up with those who see it as we do and not brand them as * the swiss * who do n't like us . 
  even if they are a minority ( i repeat , at the moment they seem to be the majority ) . 
  collective bargaining is still bargaining and a government setting wages is something else altogether . 
  and i repeat myself : i make less than the national average . 
  why am i not in debt ? 
  and what about my pensions ? 
  you do n't care ? 
  crackdown this or torture that , putin being evil or putin being very , very evil , this conversation between two us officials * is * about which opposition figure should or should not be made part of the government . 
  the us can actually consider itself lucky for that `` fuck the eu '' gaffe , thanks to which nobody seems to actually have * listened * to the recoding . 
  with 10 percent inflation i 'm 10 percent poorer ( naively speaking , stocks will rise of course ) . 
  my mortgage ? 
  no mortgage or otherwise in debt . 
  i make less than the national average , but i live within my means . 
  my savings will pay my pensions . 
  if they 're gone , nobody will . 
  wage adjustment happens through bargaining with my employer and not economical theories . 
  and telling him `` we just had 10 percent inflation so you owe me 10 percent more money '' is not a good negotiation starter . 
  note that one of the two european green 's * top * candidates is not the * top * candidate on the national list ( she 's number three ) . 
  basically , the german greens pulled a nuland . 
  which shows what this european top candidacy means : nothing . 
  i admit , i 'm a bit angry about this . 
  i 'm not even a friend of the idea of open primaries , which in my view pretty much defeats the idea of what parties are for . 
  but when you do this , you should pull that through and give the top candidates ( by name ) at least the national top positions . 
  should the council pull their own horse-traded candidate for commission presidency out of their bag , i do n't see the green faction in any position to complain , at least not the german members , but they 're the majority anyway . 
  rich people do n't own much money that 's affected by inflation , if they do , they 're doing something wrong . 
  they own means of production . 
  if anything , inflation eats the capital of the middle class . 
  to redistribute wealth , we have taxes . 
   otherwise , it 's just insane economic suicide . 
  no , far from it . 
  even if switzerland cancels the treaties , some kind of trade agreement between the eu and switzerland will be put into place . 
  but switzerland depends on trading with the eu while the eu does not depend on trading with switzerland , so it 's pretty clear in whose favor that agreement will be in the end . 
  tl : dr egosim has its price . 
  if the russians really could tap a channel from washington to the ukrainian embassy * the us believes is secure * , they would n't burn their options to embarrass some us state official i assume . 
  especially not at the moment . 
  if they 're really * that stupid * then the nsa has indeed a lot to teach them . 
   will have to `` get its hands dirty '' no matter what that depends on how we interpret that metaphor , i think . 
  in substance , we agree . 
  to decide if the law is followed is exactly what courts are for . 
  consensus building over confrontation is nothing the eu , or this continent has `` come to '' but is part of european culture . 
  in germany it is for sure . 
  jurisdiction is n't supposed to be democratic . 
  it 's done in courts not by parliaments . 
   why ? 
  `` face-saving solution '' , see above . 
  i am not a lawyer , let alone an expert on european constitutional law but as far as i understand it the german cc is neither willing to accept the ecj as an superior court without ifs and buts nor do they want to use the nuclear option , i.e. 
  stopping the deal and declaring the ecj for not competent . 
  at the very least , they do n't want to get their hands dirty in this particular case , one way or the other . 
  i 'd except some back-channel communication and an opinion of the ecj both sides can live with . 
  the relationship between the german constitutional court and the ecj is a bit complicated although up to now they always managed to find face saving solutions for their conflicts of competence . 
  this might actually be the first time the german court refers a case to the ecj , though i 'm not 100 % sure on that . 
  at least , that 's a relatively new thing . 
  next thing to watch out for is what they make out of the ecjs opinion . 
  there might be secure lines and secure lines . 
   i 'm sure somebody in the usa knew that the line was n't secure . 
  and i 'm sure russia knew they knew . 
  and if the usa did n't knew russia at least thought they knew . 
  otherwise they would n't have made that conversation public . 
  in any case , now they know . 
  and they know , they know . 
  another question altogether is what * nuland * knew . 
  or maybe russia knew shit and this is all an nsa operation because nuland left a scratch in the nsa head 's bmw when she parked next to him . 
  in any case , i always enjoy knowing things i was n't supposed to know . 
  what 's really interesting about this affair is not so much the sexual preferences of nuland ( lel ) but that apparently us officials phone their embassies over non-secure channels . 
   fuck the eu . 
  so much polandball potential . 
  rompuy should ask here for nude pictures first , though . 
  ah , i love the smell of sarcasm in the morning ... afternoon . 
  america and germany share many values and interests . 
  just not enough to outsource our foreign policy . 
  but we are childish and retarded . 
  i am at least . 
  foreign policy is often determined by internal policy but that does n't mean it 's any less real . 
  the outcome is what counts and not how many want what for whatever reason . 
  as far as i understand , ukip simply wants out , as fast as possible . 
  in that case trade relations would have to be negotiated anew . 
  while i 'm certain the result would be a generous free trade relationship in all fields where it 's of mutual interest , the small print would most likely tip the balance in the eu 's favor as the bigger part . 
  ukip is not a threat to german or european interests , maybe to british . 
  but ukip is not in government , the tories are . 
  cameron 's policy is different . 
  he wants to free the uk from eu rules while keeping all benefits , by remaining on the negotiation table on both sides , i.e. 
  setting the rules at which the uk exports and imports ( goods , services , capital and people ) while vetoing any of the eu 's attempts to protect their own interest . 
  and that is , what the eu is not , namely a threat to our sovereignty . 
  the tories see the eu as an aberration pretty much as putin probably sees the post-soviet ukraine as an aberration . 
  the idea that the eu is an entity in its own rights that protects its interest is alien to them : sovereignty must lie with nation states . 
  the eu should n't actually exist ( in its current form ) thus they do n't even see the need to negotiate in good faith . 
  quite the contrary , thanks to the spin of their own media they 're probably convinced to act in the interest of the european nations . 
  this is a clear lack of judgement and thanks to it things might get very ugly in the near future . 
  nice that we agree , the point is just that imho 1 . a real discussion about german interests has n't happened 2 . those who cry loudest for military interventions do n't really want it to happen 3 . they do n't act in the german interest , or at best they have a very twisted view on it 4 . giving the weapon of hard power ( metaphorically and literally ) into their hands is something many germans will probably regret later on, 
  ok , let 's talk realpolitik . 
  germany is n't a global power but a regional power with regional interests .
