  ok , just for clarification , so that even i get it : `` white counries '' , -1 to 1 did n't have about zero growth between 2007 and 2012 but grew ( or probably shrinked ) more or less exacly like the whole eu during that time span ? 
  an employer who fires an employee based on her sex will certainly not write this into the notice of dismissal . 
   you were also claiming `` the whole legal framework '' is made up to keep women out of work . 
  i am still waiting for examples on that one . 
  actually , if anything , i was claiming explicitly not the legal framework but the social . 
  you neither asked me for examples no the guy you confuse me with so i wonder why you are * still * waiing for examples . 
  that 's absolutely still the case , though it 's ( imho ) more the social than the legal framework . 
  it 's somewhat accepted for childless women to work . 
  though even then the `` socially resposible '' employer will fire them first . 
  because , that 's how the logic goes , a woman will have somebody who takes care of her whereas a man will have somebody he has to take care for . 
  a working woman with children is almost a social outcast . 
  [ some statistics ( in german ) ] ( statistik.arbeitsagentur.de / statischer-content/arbeitsmarktberichte/berichte-broschueren / arbeitsmarkt/generische-publikationen/frauen-maenner-arbeitsmarkt -2012 -07 . pdf ) tl ; dr the difference between men and women in full time jobs is big and did n't change much between 2001 and 2011 . 
  and although the average german ( outside of rural bavaria ) tends to locate all evil in the country in rural bavaria , i do n't think that enough women live there to explain that difference alone . 
  in the mean time the then health minister even became vice chancellor ( think [ asian dad meme ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/high-expectations-asian-father ) here with `` why not chancellor ? '' ), 
  but is nowadays neither health minister nor vice chancellor . 
  nor is the current foreign minster gay - as far as we know . 
  merkel will remain chancellor until approx 2040 , though . 
  why do they call the largest states `` swing states '' ? 
  there is no such thing as `` swing state '' in a system of proportional representation . 
  how about calling the largest states , well , maybe : `` largest states '' ? 
  ok , i bite : why is `` islam '' one religion whereas `` catholicism '' , `` protestantism '' and `` orthodox christianity '' are apparently three religions ? 
  the remaining 8 percent . 
  putin will summon the eu ambassadors nevertheless . 
  if the eu was some entity on the other side of the globe i only ever read in english language news sources about i would n't like it either . 
  england is called yookay in england . 
   tell me if they do n't see this as an issue first , if it was so easy to define which policy `` highly benefit ( s ) the society '' we could leave government to computers . 
  at least in my observation , what generates most friction in democratic societies , and the us is no exception here , is the clash of interests within society and not some sinister corporations . 
  second , i do n't see any evidence that , government efficiency , corruption , cronyism or whatever correlates strongly with population size . 
  third , the us would be a poor example anyway , since the us states enjoy a lot of independence , probably more than in any european federal state , maybe with the exception of belgium . 
  fourth , a smaller country will in general have a harder stance against large corporations than a larger one . 
  so ... left : tsipras greens : ongoing primaries socialists : schulz liberals ??? 
  convervatives : ???? 
  would be interesting to know , maybe a literal `` damp rag '' ? 
  right : see above, 
  well that 's probably the last thing you need , some c telling a and b how to talk to each other . 
  i see at least two concepts in the thread confusingly mixed together . 
  `` second language '' makes only sense on the state level ( disregarding the fact that some states already have more than one official language ) , since we do n't have a `` first '' on the eu level , but 23 or something . 
  you could make english the only official language on the eu level ( it 's already the first , if only de facto ) but that would be an official `` fuck you '' addressed at people like my mother who does not speak english and is an eu citizen , too . 
  one could make it age-dependent of course , giving only people born before a certain date an enforcable right for eu communication in their state language . 
  on the state level you could actually make english an official second language - i.e. 
  giving every citizen the right to communicate with the state and english and force the state to reply in that way . 
  but `` second ... after '' implies a ranking , so the actual status of english would again be in the small print . 
  well , it depends on the small print , right ? 
  what would `` official second language '' ( or even first ) mean ? 
  that was the plan ... 
  you make me feel old . 
  but the coins really were shiny . 
  data retention violates right to privacy . 
  typically , the court follows such opinions . 
  however it might just mean that the retention period will be shortened a bit . 
  well , if that 's you impression there 's nothing that can be done , i guess . 
  i wish you the best of luck anyway . 
  there are still monuments in berlin put up by russians , so what . 
  and venting your anger or looking cool or doing the smart thing are seldom the same , and when they are n't the same , it 's better to go for the latter alternative . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  empty , polarizing gesture . 
  at the very least it will help close the ranks among the pro-russian faction and alienate the neutrals , maybe it will even be an excuse for a crackdown . 
  am i the only one who thinks that was n't a smart move ? 
  i agree . 
  illegal prostitution is working much better . 
  there are a : people on this planet who believe their culture is superior and there are b : muslim immigrants in europe and both groups are neither identical nor disjoint and i fail to see any strong correlation between them . 
   why is this guy getting an interview on spon . 
  spon does whatever gives them clicks . 
   anybody who supports green values ... how do they know if i support green values ? 
  only the nsa would know !, 
  seriously , i 'm supposed to vote for ... yes , what exactly , anyway ? 
  ... chairperson of the green faction of the ep ? 
  does `` top candidate '' imply anything , except being the number one on a party list ? 
  for the christian democrats and socialists it 's a bit different . 
  they might actually have the chance to become commission president . 
  * if * they get through with that . 
  still , this is more about tactics and i do n't see any democratic improvement in this . 
  in a parliamentarian democracy the power rests with parties and not individuals . 
  if you prefer power resting with individuals , that 's ok but then you should go for a presidental form of government with clear constitutional rules how this person gets into office . 
  i would never . 
  people who put cola in beer are literally hitler . 
  also those who drink `` light '' or alcohol free beer . 
  and this is not sarcasm either : which countries exactly would rather exit the eu ? 
  there is currently no ongoing withdrawal process . 
  it might very well happen within the next four years ( i.e. 
  during merkel reign ) because it will again be the constitutional court that will push this through anyway . 
  do n't expect our politicians to take resposibility . 
  this . 
  ageing populations , implying risk averseness . 
  people expect things to rather get worse than better by rocking the boat . 
  liberal democracies are complicated . 
  th villain to point the finger at does n't exist . 
  bavaria is leeching skilled workers from the less fortunate country of sauprei\u00dfn , and as a fellow bavarian i 'm perfectly ok with that . 
   orwellian logic . 
   in essence , you 're saying ... 
  in essence , i 'm saying what i wrote . 
  i 'm neither for nor against homogenization , i 'm just for people ( note the lack of a plural-s ) living as they wish . 
  which typically leads to homogenization ( at least geographically ) . 
  my identity ( without qualifier ) is my identity which i 've always retained . 
  i do n't know what exactly my `` national '' identity is , the qualifer hints that it is something different from my identity proper , defined by somebody else , who doens ' t like my identity as it is . 
  you need regulation to * prevent * homogenization between states . 
  nationalists are most eager to force people to behave in a certain way . 
   in a system like gnu/linux , built on open source , you can examine the source code to see that there are n't any back doors . 
  that is true but maybe some people remember this incident : http://www.zdnet.com/debian-and-ubuntu-openssl-generates-useless-crypto-keys-1339289012/ tl ; dr debian delivered useless crypto libraries for two years and nobody noticed . 
  that made me lose some illusions about the safety of open source code .
