  besides they 're still a small minority in the parliament so they 're not in any position where they 'd have to show responsibility in any case . 
  ^ edit : ^ expanded ^ my ^ argument . 
  ... and you have to multiply the the lack-of-snow coefficient . 
  consequence : kongo wins . 
  always . 
  neither do i. 
  no need to cast a godwin here . 
  it 's must less dramatic : democracy is a tool to ensure good governance and not an end in itself . 
  `` good governance '' meaning things like our well-being and prosperity , to start with . 
  and any change in the democratic system must be judged against that goal . 
  when living conditions deteriorate because the parliament does n't get shit done , then i wo n't take comfort in the fact that living conditions deteriorate in an especially democratic way . 
  so if one wants to abolish the 5 percent hurdle i want convincing arguments that it will lead to better governance and not just that it will be `` fairer '' to parties  95 % of the voting population did * not * bother to vote for . 
  the ep is a different case because as long as one has n't union-wide lists with a common hurdle , a german one has no effect anyway . 
  [ die zeit did this ] ( http://www.zeit.de/sport/2014-02/alternativer-medaillenspiegel-nationenwertung ) for the first * ten * ( 10 points , 9 points , ... ) . 
  justice for all !, 
  plus , ( this is my argument , i have n't read the decision yet ) since the german meps are only 1/8th to 1/7th and other countries do n't have a hurdle , such a hurdle would n't have the desired effect anyway . 
  * de jure * van rompuy is just the chairman ( to avoid the term `` president '' ) of one particular eu institution . 
  * de facto * he ... is n't much more either . 
  at least i do n't see him to fill out any bigger role at the moment . 
  to be honest , i except the people how are actually interested in the debate to find and watch a stream anyway . 
  * a more ideal candidate * would be linguistically skilled enough to speak in a language that is understood by most listeners across the union , and would not choose a different language for reasons of principle ( ideological reasons ) . 
  we must close the borders to stop them from leaving . 
  it 's all the eu 's fault . 
  ... by http://www.pollwatch2014.eu/, 
  but eu , you are the west . 
  if paywalled ** merkel calls for britain to remain at heart of europe ** by stefan wagstyl german chancellor angela merkel will urge britain to ignore the eurosceptics and stay at the heart of the eu in a speech to both houses of parliament on thursday . 
  but during her one-day working visit to britain , she is unlikely to make significant concessions to prime minister david cameron on his key concerns , including immigration curbs and changes to eu treaties to return powers from brussels . 
  `` germany and the uk are , for each other , important partners -- not only bilaterally but in europe , '' said steffen seibert , ms merkel 's spokesman . 
  `` that will naturally be a theme of the visit . 
  we want an active , strong uk in the eu . '' ms merkel will highlight this in her speech , the first by a german leader to both houses since 1986 . 
  she will then have lunch with mr cameron before taking tea with the queen at buckingham palace , returning to berlin in the early evening . 
  ms merkel will be getting `` the reddest of red carpets '' , in the words of one british official . 
  london hopes the lavish welcome could encourage berlin to be more accommodating to mr cameron 's demands for eu reforms , including his hopes of diluting the union 's powers and curbing migration to appease eurosceptics at home . 
  william hague , foreign secretary , said on sunday the government planned to use ms merkel 's visit to try to persuade berlin to support measures discouraging people from moving within the eu to access other nations ' welfare systems . 
  mr hague said on sunday that he believed the germans and british shared `` common ground '' over concerns about benefit tourism within the eu . 
  `` we support the principle of free movement . 
  but we do n't support people moving from one country to another because of the incentives of different benefit systems , '' mr hague told bbc1 's andrew marr show . 
  `` and i think again with germany we have a lot of common ground on that and there will be no problem discussing that . '' officials in berlin also hope ms merkel will press mr cameron to spell out exactly what concessions he wants from the eu as the price for staying in . 
  a german foreign policy expert said : `` the uk lacks a consensus on what it wants from the eu . 
  outsiders like germany can not get a clear idea of what the uk actually wants . '' ms merkel shares some of mr cameron 's views on the eu . 
  like him , she wants to trim the powers of the brussels bureaucracy and defends the market economy against criticism from countries that favour a state-led approach , notably france . 
  britain sees berlin as a possible ally in its bid to change some of the eu 's key treaties because germany has also spoken of treaty change , albeit in the opposite direction -- to boost the key institutions of the eurozone . 
  but german officials are wary about starting treaty change talks for fear of opening a pandora 's box of demands from 28 countries . 
  they also say berlin 's plans for closer integration in the eurozone and london 's proposals for a looser union outside the eurozone could be incompatible . 
  ms merkel may give mr cameron some comfort on combating welfare abuse by eu migrants : members of her conservative cdu and its csu have called for action . 
  but , unlike mr cameron , the chancellor is a firm supporter of intra-eu migration . 
  german officials say there can be no question of reimposing migration controls on the bloc 's newest members , romania and bulgaria . 
  mr cameron has threatened to veto the entry of future new member states like serbia and albania unless new migrant curbs are agreed but there is little interest in berlin in even discussing this . 
  berlin is worried that britain is moving down a road that could , with a planned referendum on eu membership , result in its leaving the union . 
  thomas matussek , a former ambassador to the uk and now head of the alfred herrhausen society , a think-tank , says : `` we would like to help to keep britain inside . 
  but we can only keep the door open . 
  walking through the door must be done by the british themselves . '' ms merkel is likely to make the same point . 
  i bet the telegraph and openeurope pieces about what see said have been written already . 
   i do n't understand how citizens ... what good is the right to vote if the citizens are so ... dumb ? 
  that 's a legitimate question and the answer is : because the outcome of other forms of decision making tend to be worse on average . 
  which does n't mean that any particular democratic decision is necessarily smart . 
  or that are all forms of democracy are equally capable . 
  or that people are smart . 
  or responsible . 
  and that 's why we have , for example , things like human rights or fair trials or constitutions that explicitly * limit * the reach of democratic decisions . 
   * human * rights that 's racist . 
  which one exactly : 1 . 
  that it is possible to modify a genome in a way that the outcome is neither healthy nor safe . 
  that genome is modified to generate profit . 
  that testing costs money . 
  i consider all three self-evident . 
  i wo n't even go into the danger of laywers controling my food as they are controling my media now . 
  if gmo are perfectly healthy and safe depends on how exactly you m the g of the o. 
  and heavy modifiying earns you money while heavy testing costs you money . 
   is it big in germany ? 
  i 've never met naked people when hiking . 
  when i meet naked people it 's typically in my bedroom or the shower . 
   i mean , if they really want to go all tit-4-tat , hurting corporations is much more effective than hurting people . 
  cooperations did n't vote against us , people did . 
   of course they wo n't take any measures that would directly hurt themselves . 
  we should we hurt ourselves ? 
  do not trust this suspicious foreigner . 
  the lyrics are like totally deep and meaningful . 
  indifference is the keyword , i guess . 
  `` muh heritage '' folk with obviously no understanding of language or culture typically get less than friendly responses though . 
  call me back , when george clooney gives back america to the natives . 
  if there was such a subreddit i 'd lurk there regularly . 
  but there is n't . 
  now back to w\u00f6rk . 
  as far as i understood it , the `` crowded '' ( with foreigners ) regions voted against the referendum anyway . 
  you 're going off on a tangent . 
  your freedom ends where my freedom begins , meaning in this case : switzerland 's rights end where the eu 's rights start . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  no need to cite ecr decisions over that, 
   so ignore the parliament , mrs merkel , and pick the best woman for the job . 
  remember when liberalism was about parliamentary sovereignty and stuff ? 
  have n't we already established that they 're the uk branch of the european tea party ? 
  blue + red = still red ? 
  merkel is not amused . 
  and drinking our tea . 
  my point is , they wo n't `` get away with it '' . 
  they will probably end up with a less profitable deal . 
  furthermore `` the swiss '' are an abstract notion . 
  there are people in switzerland who approve of that notion and people who are against it . 
  and those whore against it are the majority even , remember .
