  even if cuba was another north korea ( also in the `` disruptor group '' of course ) it would n't be high on the radar of german interests . 
  and cuba is n't a north korea and i do n't see any reason to treat them any differently then , say , haiti . 
  joining the us embargo for example would hurt german interests ; it certainly would aid us interests ( legitimate or not , rational or not ) however . 
  german interests lie in europe , russia , and northern africa . 
  players , and thus potential antagonists are the countries in these regions and every power that has a significant influence in these regions , in particular the us ( economically and militarily ) and to a lesser extend china ( economically ) . 
  north korea is hardly a threat to german interests ( again , i 'm not even discussing if they 're legitimate of illegitimate interests ) . 
  russia is a threat . 
  so is ( surprise entry  the uk as it 's their goal to neutralize the eu . 
  so is the us with their influence on german political decisions and their espionage hurting germany 's economy . 
  few , if any challenges germany faces could be countered with hard power . 
  note : i 'm not ranting or bitching or saying `` boo , the us is worse than north korea '' . 
  i 'm defining german interests as a regional power and not making moral judgments . 
  and as long as i see strategy papers that look as if they could fit japan just as good ( or rather bad ) i 'm deeply suspicious about the intents of their proponents . 
  i can not * prove * it but foreign politics is n't made on the basis `` innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  his speech citied whole paragraphs of a study that came out perfectly in time . 
  i 'm not `` bitching '' about american influence at all , i see it as a external challenge , and this is what we 're talking about here , right ? 
  american interests are not necessarily german ones and sometimes contrary to german ones , thus when german foreign and military policy is influenced by american interests chances are , it is against german interests . 
  case in point , german participation in the iraq war , a bullet that germany dodged . 
  case in point , german participation in the iraq war , a bullet that germany could n't dodge . 
  when you draw up a list of five `` disruptors '' as the study calls it ( the bad guy category ) , of german foreign interests , out of 200 or so countries in the world and 2 of those five out of 200 are * venezuela * and * cuba * then nobody can tell me that this list was drawn up with the actual german interest in mind . 
  it 's not even drawn up with american interests in mind , imho , those countries fall more in the `` pet project '' group . 
  gauck 's ideas rely heavily on the ideas of an american think tank , and not surprisingly what is sold as german interests appear to be a one-to-one copy of american `` interests '' , that is , a mixture of actual american interests ( but not necessarily german ) , american pet projects and american paranoia . 
   ... or what . 
  do n't force us to send you a strong-worded letter !, 
  i 'm a bit surprised that criminal law is part of the eu competences . 
  did something like that happen before ? 
  i 'm even more surprised that this went through with 20 votes against . 
  the efd ( ukips group ) alone has 34 seats . 
  is this a troll map ? 
  the federal republic of germany is still the same country by international law , it just includes more states . 
  how many presidents did the usa have by that logic ? 
  did n't germany win twice ? 
  is there any information on what that option would entail ? 
  could be anything from `` status quo , except we name it differently '' to `` independence , except we label it as not '' . 
  `` according to sources things are now different from how they were when sources reported things that were different from how they are now , according to sources . '', 
  ah , come on . 
  the author needs to spend some time with polandball to loosen up . 
  `` lessening geographic restrictions '' might mean a more general rule , e.g. 
  balancing between northern , southern , western , and eastern members . 
  just my guess . 
  the commission must consist of one commissioner per country . 
  the irish prime minister is free to choose all ministers from the same village in cork , if he wishes , at least in principle . 
  a european election forecast ( kinda , sorta ) . 
  results from combined national polls for the european elections , polls for the national elections , and national election results , so take this with a ton of salt . 
  article is in german but the table somewhere down the site should be easy to understand . 
  = national-conservative , right , other google translation for sources below the table : data : for the following countries was used the most recent available each european election survey of the seat calculation : germany ( 01.26.2014 ) , france ( 01.17.2014 ) , uk ( 22/11/2013 ) , spain ( 23.01.2014 ) , romania ( 5.10 . 
  current polls for the national parliament underlying the values of the following countries : italy , poland , netherlands , greece , portugal , sweden , hungary , denmark , ireland , croatia . 
  in the following countries the latest available survey for the national parliament already more than two weeks old : belgium ( walloon parties : 06.09.2013 , flemish parties : 11/10/2013 ) , czech republic ( 10/26/2013 ) , bulgaria ( 31.10.2013 ) finland ( december 2013 ) . 
  no surveys were for the following countries available against which the results of the last national election were consulted : slovakia ( 10.3.2012 ) , lithuania ( 28.10.2012 ) , latvia ( 17.9.2011 ) , slovenia ( 4.12.2011 ) , estonia ( 6.3 . 
  for the representatives of the german-speaking community of belgium fell back on the last regional election ( 2009 ) . 
  i 'd rather give advice to people than countries . 
  union competences must be subject to a union-wide , transparent , democratic process . 
  member state competences must be subject to an intra-state , transparent , democratic process . 
  do not rely on strongmen horsetrading being closed doors . 
  keep yourself informed . 
  union-wide . 
  do not trust politicians that say one thing at home and another abroad . 
  do not trust media that rely on your ignorance . 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  national sovereignty goes all ways . 
  do not trust politicians that demand something from others using that phrase . 
  do n't be an arse . 
  do n't trust politicians who boast with an ideology of nation egoism . 
  chances are , their `` national '' interest is n't yours anyway . 
  if you want to be an arse at all cost , then at least cut the middle man and strife for your own personal interest . 
  everybody is `` america 's most important partner '' . 
  silly brits , that 's not how you persuade the ninety zillion rolgarians that are on the move as we speak to immigrate somewhere else . 
  because that 's the [ official ratio ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/flags/dk.html ) . 
  blame the government !, 
  [ free movement of people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directive_2004/38/ec_on_the_right_to_move_and_reside_freely ) is a principle of the eea . 
  of course , nobody ( be it an eea or eu member ) is forced to let `` just anyone '' in . 
  that was 1516 . 
  `` hopfen , malz , hefe wasser '' , says the current rule , i.e. 
  any kind of cereal ( ???? 
  i 'm actually not sure if the law allows e.g. 
  rice ) . 
  why should n't it ? 
  you 're just jealous of starbuck 's original italian blueberrymuffino . 
  if the telegraph gives me 100 pounds i 'm gon na find them a cypriot to write that the earth is flat . 
  or a brit . 
  or a north korean . 
  so what ? 
  divide et impera, 
  you 're missing the nature of the british press . 
  also , whatever happens , it 's either the cause or a consequence of the euro 's eternally imminent collapse . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/news/article-1532247/germany-the-new-sick-man-of-europe.html ) piece from 2002 will make you feel better . 
  `` germany , for decades europe 's economic locomotive , is heading off the rails - and threatening to take the rest of the train with it . 
  unemployment is soaring as the country 's once-invincible manufacturing industry shrinks . 
  its stock market has plunged more steeply than any other leading western country 's and fears are growing that its banking system is on the brink of crisis . 
  in short , the third-biggest economy in the world is now europe 's basket case . '', 
  absolutely, 
  common market < =  common rules < =  loss of sovereignty, 
   my next thought was perhaps more cynical : i thought , if we were more like the us , we probably would have deployed some special operations team by now to get rid of yanukovych and install a pro-european shah president . 
  i guess the us would be ( are ) a bit more * subtle * than that . 
  if some presidental advisor came up with such a plan another advisor would kindly show him the wikipedia entry about the cuba crisis . 
  we 're talking about two different things here . 
  3 % hurdle : few people know and even fewer care . 
  * i * do n't care . 
  after all it 's already lower than it had been before and lower than the one for the national election . 
  trying to abuse copyright for censorship : that 's a different thing entirely but it came out only today and zeit and s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung are already reporting it .
