  the nsa ? 
  i can pretend to be open and liberal all day and then still vote for the swinging hitlers in secret . 
  most likely this . 
  when people have sex they 're killed by jesus . 
  source : any american disaster or horror movie ever . 
  those are * common european * values . 
  something worse than the caliphate for telegraph readers . 
  first you did n't get * my * point . 
  the police officer made assumptions ( based more on his experience as tv consumer than as a professional , it seems to me ) and acted on them . you 're still arguing with certainties ( if you kidnap my daughter ) . 
  second , you 're adding a price tag to crime . 
  you 're torturing people but that 's sowehow ok since you have to compensate for it later ( `` they will also punish me '' ) . 
  by that logic there 's no problem with killing people in the first place as long as you 're punished afterwards . 
  that world view violates the golden rule . 
  it relies on the assumption that society by and large sticks to the rules * you * consider negotiable . 
  however , if only enough people put their personal ethics above the law there ceases to be a `` they '' to put a price tag on crimes , at least with any kind of legitimacy . 
  the only `` they '' then is the guy with the biggest guns , the warlord that rules your quarter of the city , as has been demonstrated again and again . 
  today they * assume * the victim is alive and torture the murderer , tomorrow they * assume * you are the killer and torture you . 
  yes , and the irony is most likely lost on them . 
  oh , in germany you hear it a lot - if you listen to doctors . 
  note to self : when carrying out a terrorist attack in the uk drive a van with `` iran is overrated '' on the side . 
  also :  * romanian * with * french * wife from * germany * lord have mercy . 
  never heard of this . 
  i only know schnee ( snow ) . 
  even after decades of consumption of `` leftist media '' i do n't hate myself . 
  nothing to agree on except `` at least we 're not the stinking x '' ? 
  sounds like any nation ever . 
  i personally do n't , nor do i care more about lions than about people . 
  i was just trying to express my understanding of the general mood . 
  i might also add that the lion was n't a muslim , to give you a chance for another reply . 
  a lion does n't do our jobs for less money . 
  i 'm just glad that we 're not the only one with a population and government that does n't fancy this human rights thing and wish it would just go away . 
   wrapping them in foam i 'm sure there is a website somewhere dedicated to this very fetish . 
  indeed . 
  there are a thousand mechanisms to restrain a government 's power . 
  a company has only the government to restrain them . 
  rats are social animals , and insofar probably not capable of making economically sound decisions . 
  try crocodiles . 
  am i the only one to read ethnics crusader instead of ethics crusader ? 
  it goes like this : our poetic license your untrue statements their fucking lies, 
  shall we play a game ? 
  tic-tac-toe chess alternative banking system global thermonuclear war, 
  have they ? 
  from the outside the us looks as if its split into two hostile camps . 
  even * they * call it a culture * war * . 
  ... while billions of english criminals are homeless . 
  proof that you 're not integrated enough for anschluss . 
  all the greek hate germany but 2 percent hate us twice . 
  : / germany 's rating of greece , -66 , is only 5 points better than our opinion about bavaria btw . 
  stop being so cis-hetero normative . 
  there are also economists who did n't get a nobel prize at all but have some experience in the field they 're talking about . 
  having the choice of flying the a plane designed by albert einstein and one by a team of aviation engineers i take the latter , thank you very much . 
  even though einstein 's idea of doing science did n't include blog rants . 
  a mixture of wine gums , licorice ... and scum ? 
  scandinavia , you are so crazy . 
   pretty sure german has had precursor to `` tarnen '' and die tarnung since before 1000 ad yes and no . 
  according to my etymological lexicon `` tarnen '' was '' ... revived after the first world war , to replace french camoufler , loan word in the war ( likewise tarnung for camouflage ) '' . 
  til  i wonder if it made it to old english https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/dyrne, 
  me too . 
  subversive messages from the headline guy ? 
  because they do n't have game theorists on motorbikes and krugman thinks romania is the capital of italy . 
  i detect a clash in our ideas of man . 
  parliamentary decisions can not legitimately overrule inalienable rights of the individual . 
  that is mob rule . 
  courts decide on whether individual rights are violated . 
  workers of the world , disunite !, 
  that 's it . 
  just as planned , * honhonhon * . 
  muh impact on your image !, 
  same here . 
  just for clarification in case it 's not clear already : these numbers are from today , after the night of the living debt . 
  game theory apparently works . 
  we have cities with very efficient job centers and cities where they give a fuck . 
  we have states with high unemployment rates and states with low ones . 
  and of course , paying money to the unemployed * at all * is a disincentive in the first place . 
  i understand your argument , but you do n't have to invoke `` the foreign countries '' for it . 
   now for a fiscal and political union . 
  let 's start with a common unemployment insurance for the eurozone paid from a eurozone budget agreed upon by eurozone meps and eurozone council members . 
  sounds greesonable . 
  next eurogroup meeting is * this * afternoon . 
  if we 're trying really hard we 'll maybe have a new crisis by then . 
  i feel much safer now . 
  only the elgin marbles . 
  to the uk . 
  for 80 billion euros . 
  i do n't like the metaphor `` social contract '' at all because it suggests to be something it is n't . 
  in any case , of course they can negotiate it . 
  whenever a country splits in an orderly fashion it 's because people negotiated their way out . 
  when the `` negotiations '' become messy we call it `` civil war '' . 
  and a failed state is when people were having their way ( out ) without a plan b. 
  every country in the world exists only because ( and only as long as ) `` smaller entities '' called humans give up their sovereignty . 
  it 's actually a [ vodka-lemon mix ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/german-entrepeneur-uwe-dahlhoff-patented-the-word-grexit-for-a-vodka-drink-2015-6?r=us ), 
  with all the peace of mind only following the rules can give you . 
  we do n't make lazy stereotype jokes , we work hard on making the most efficient high quality stereotype jokes . 
  they should simply have switched the orange , yellow , green , blue , and purple stripe against a red one , a red one , a red one , a red one , and a red one , respectively . 
  the red stripe could stay like it is . 
  so there is still hope to beat the us ? 
  that 's not really news ( although i would n't have know the exact number ofc ) . 
  in return , germany should have negotiated an option on 115 world wars . 
  ft has discussed , even claimed , a lot of things in their history . 
  baby 's first troll .
