  that 's what i like the eu for . 
  i 'm not interested in flag waving ( any kind of flag ) or in better chances to win dick contests `` us '' vs. `` them '' . 
  though i 'm again not so naive to think the superpowers will go away if i just wish for it strong enough . 
  so i 'm glad the eu gives us some levy to pretect our rights against iontrusion from washington or beijing . 
  thinking of it , if we got rid of merkel we could hire almost 4 polish pms instead . 
  we eat raw meat and kiss our horses . 
  alone 6.45 percent of that 12.47 percent is my share . 
  but ... but ... if spain is not in mexico , why do they speak mexican there ? 
  poor secret service guys , soon monitoring people 's internet traffic will be even more boring . 
  impossible . 
  judging by their sense of humor they * are * germans . 
  what , drones ? 
  does that mean finally * everybody * will have the right to kill anybody he does n't like ? 
  cool ... 
  do you know why french people never smile on photos ? 
  `` say cheese ! '', 
  dear other people !, 
  could you please stop defining my identity and pondering how to enforce it ? 
  thank you very much . 
  calm down everybody , i 've tried the lasagna in question , i can assure you it does n't taste the slightest like human meat . 
  the tories want free trade without red tape . 
  and when they get it it 's wrong again . 
  however foreigners tamper with the british cuisine , it can only lead to an improvement . 
  it 's always great to find out you 're number one as defined by some odd index created by people you 've never heard of . 
  exactly . 
  i admit defeat . 
  if i got that correctly , the point of the article is that the amount money borrowed every year is shrinking but still greater than zero so the overall debt is still rising . 
  there is one sure-fire way to prevent the imf to meddle with you : do n't ask them for money . 
  i can not agree on that because i have no insight in these matters . 
  i assume there are areas with too much bureaucracy and areas with too little . 
  ideally ( ideally !, 
  ) , one eu bureaucrat does what 27 national bureaucrats did before . 
  it 's also always dark and cold in the east . 
  people are wearing fur heads , even indoors , and all streets are blocked 24/7 by parading tanks . 
  it would really be great if this helped some humans to get a brain ... 
  the most easternized west euopean country is : germany . 
  and westernized east european country is : germany again !, 
  for obvious reasons . 
  now , if you define your terms we * might * even be able to give serious opinions . 
  quite sad an analogy considering blacks have been living in the us for centuries , not decades . 
  playing by us rules ,  99 % muslims of obama 's age could n't become head of state in germany simply because they were n't born here . 
  i 'm struggling to invent a joke dealing with 300 british `` paedophiles , murderers and rapists '' and a pole with 100 outstanding parking tickets but apparently i 'm to german for that . 
  `` eu membership '' is just a label . 
  the tories would be perfectly happy with a eu membership where they can influence decisions that are binding for everybody but them . 
  this looks surprisingly sane . 
  apparently , i 'm browsing the internet too much . 
  or maybe `` they 're taking our jerbs . '', 
  and the most popular conspiracy theories simply were n't on the list . 
  maybe i 'm overly pessimistic , but as i see it negative stereotypes against white christian europeans vanished simply because these days they 're are enough non-white non-christian and/or non-europeans around to stereotype . 
  watch out paul krugman , they 're closing in on you . 
  now we all can start and guess which three sentences the torygraph will take out of context to put their spin on . 
  brb , moving to kyrgyzstan, 
  make no mistake : that 'll get him votes not cost him votes . 
  we must * cough * investigate the genitals * cough * and buttocks * cough * of these handsome * cough * young muscular men * cough * thoroughly * cough * to protect ourselves against the any homoerotic * cough * tendencies penetrating * cough * our army . 
  so what . 
  every bullshit that happens in the us or uk , we 're only 10 years behind . 
  tl ; dr : the tories do n't care about `` sovereignty '' but their right-wing policies . 
  * badum-tish * made me smile more than it should have . 
  the brain will probably demand half of the cash or refuse to cooperate . 
  so this was done for a study and failing had no consequences ? 
  i wonder how many students filled this out for the lulz then . 
  when exactly did the uk the obligation to bail out eurozone members which david cameron says he has ended ? 
  the opposite of a - phile is a - phobe . 
  being sceptic ( about anything ) is just common sense . 
  `` eurosceptic '' is a weasel word . 
  indeed . 
  if it 's not broken , do n't fix it . 
  in the media , i fear it 's mostly about parties , their leaders , their personnel , their future , their election outlook , and possible coalition with other parties and hardly any substance . 
  somebody once said somewhere `` the french want the germans to admire them but they only love them . 
  the germans want the french to love them but they only admire them . '', 
  spiegel is tabloid for intellectuals . 
  lots of sensationalism and fear mongering but for educated people . 
  less like `` aliens invade farm in iowa with cloned radioactive elvisses '' and more like '' [ worst candidate ] will win election in [ country ] and do [ policy with horrible consequences for germany ] '' . 
  you mean , like the one they 're in now ? 
  according to some quarters , the welfare state has been on its death bed for at least a century . 
  and i 'm asking you again : who is to judge what `` presents a danger to society '' ? 
  a lot of people think bannning certain financial instruments english bankers make a lot of money with is a `` quite sensible '' idea . 
  and now ? 
  there are several ways to resolve such differences . 
  for example 1 . 
  eu mode : the eu making the rules by established procedures . 
  intergovernmental mode : negotiations , where * everybody * puts their demands on the table . 
  and if they fail , goto 3 . or 4 . 
  dissolution of the eu mode : every country decides on their own , tit for tat . 
  brexit mode : the uk makes rules for themselves and the eu for the rest of the continent . 
  in any case , david cameron deciding what 's sensible for * us * is not an option on the table . 
  i guess cocaine is illegal in colombia too . 
  anyway . 
  such rules are by definition `` non-tariff barriers to trade '' and in many place a popular tool to keep foreign competitors out , ask japan 's car manufacturers . 
  in other cases they were put in place for good reasons . 
  but who should be the judge ? 
  you do you want to do that ? 
  are you going to allow any food additive just because country x says it 's ok ? 
  abolish all safety standards for cars , electrical devices ? 
  i 'd rather not . 
  is this even ( mainly ) about tariffs in the first place ? 
  most trade barriers are non-tariff trade barriers . 
  no , they 're just not very talkative . 
  i admit , i had seconds thoughts after writing that down ... need to make a few phone calls , we might have struck gold here . 
  show to whom ?
