  my estimate : they 'll get 7 percent or more thanks to tactical voting . 
  that quote does neither illustrate the european understanding of freedom nor does it imply anything about the american one . 
  in fact , i could well argue the other way around . 
  free democrats being out will most likely mean a boost for them next week . 
  i guess they are partying now ... 
  `` americans are n't a special snowflake and britons are not all that important . '', 
  =  rage i 'd wish it were always that easy to troll people . 
  in short on probably only half correct : the y chromosome haplo groups displayed on this map are certain parts of the y chromosome . 
  since the y chromosome is inherited from the father they do not change except via mutation . 
  if two men share a y chromosome haplo group they probably have the same greatgreatgreat ... grandfather in paternal line though it does n't say anything about the other 2 ^ n - 1 greatgreatgreat ... grandparents . 
  if the haplo groups are similar but not the same , the relationship probably dates further back and the haplo groups have meanwihle been tweaked by mutation . 
  good night r1a2b1b2a1b1b2-pride, 
  there is no way of merkel and cameron in the first place . 
   i disagree with the whole left-right concept . 
  just do/vote what you think it 's right . 
  so bottom line , and fdp aside , a 1d left/liberatiran vs. right/authoritarian model works well in germany ? 
  edit : if you believe the results that is ( i 'm sceptical ) , but that 's another discussion . 
  it is in bavaria, 
   there is a chinese proverb : `` may you live in interesting times . '' since this has been wrongly claimed at least a billion times i guess meanwhile it 's correct . 
   which is actually reasonable . 
  the nsa is as interested in stealing companies ' secrets as in terrorists , believe it . 
  but in any case . 
  no , it 's not resonable . 
  any system of power out of control breeds evil . 
  that 's not paranoia but historic experience . 
  denying that beams us right back into the pre-constitutional era of abolute monarchies where the subjects were supposed to * believe * the king had only the best of the nation in mind . 
  what 's wrong wih compound nouns ? 
  look at it this way : if you take a chainsaw ( sic ! ), 
  to cut e.g. 
  a bus driver into two parts he will stop being any useful , right ? . 
  so you should n't do that with the term that refers to him either . 
  `` association '' implies rights and obligations , especially an `` enduring '' one . 
  `` sovereignty '' means you can do as you please . 
  both do n't go together . 
  if the rules of the club are `` do what you want '' there is no club and there is no difference between those in the club and those outside . 
  that goes for the eu as well as for any other international organisation . 
  i see the the black-white-red german imperial colors and some unrelated gold there . 
  that will teach him not to be gay . 
  i was n't necessarily thinking of military power . 
  and having a foreign policy is very much different from excecuting somebody else 's . 
  as i read somewhere `` they talking about germany taking responsibility but they mean germany sending money . '', 
  and troops . 
  germany is part of nato and could partake in a nato airstrike , yes . 
  but that has nothing to do with excercising german power or taking responsibility ( except for the decisons taken elsewhere ) . 
  germany is so popular exactly because we keep a low profile . 
  every article demanding a stronger role while keenly stressing that hitler is past just adds to the proof that he 's not . 
  throwing our weight around will only backfire . 
  keeping that low profile is no lofty moral obligation but simply national interest . 
  and of course germany is already heavily involved in our neighborhood , i.e. 
  the eu . 
  we 're not capable of power projection in syria anyway so why should we make a fool out of ourselves there . 
  economic hardship generally leads to group egoism over tolerance for outsiders and the desire for strict hierachies and strict social norms over the insecurities of individual freedom . 
  it does n't necessarily lead to the rise of right-wing parties as long a the party system as a whole shifts to the right . 
  actually , if i thought i could get away with it i 'd rather concentrate surveillance on young women in various states of undress . 
  then again , we do n't really know obama 's preferences . 
   putin has made remarks about secret weapons systems that in how own words `` have never been seen before '' actually , that was hitler . 
  i hate certain people but not certain peoples and certain countries even less . 
  dear nordic editors , i would n't be so cocky if i wrote in my private e-mails what you write in your private e-mails . 
  - t david cameron, 
  well , one should n't take pseudonymous newspaper comments too serious or representative for anything . 
  edit : only two minutes after writing this i read that `` left and green parties should be declared illegal in a referendum '' in a comment in a respected weekly german newspaper btw . 
   but europe changed dramatically in may 2004 , with the acceptance of 10 new member states -- eight of which were former soviet union republics . 
  we have some history expert right here . 
  well , putin is his yardstick for democatic values . 
  younger people 's experiences are more multi * cultural * and often also more multi * national * , which is a different and more importang thing in this context . 
  in fact , it is n't unusual to play the nationalistic card to keep a multicultural society together . 
  but we must not forget that today 's staunchy natonalism is a reaction to these very experiences . 
  people in power are generally much older than me . 
  the people in my bubble are often younger than me and generally more open than the people in power . 
  but is their outlook representative for their generation ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and we must not forget that global culture undermines any kind of european patriotism/nationalism as effective as the local variety . 
  what that means for the future of the eu is up to debate . 
  `` my job as social affairs minister of the labour party would be a blast if it was n't for all these annoying poor people . '', 
  in response to growing enthusiasm among europeans for latin as a lingua franca ( sic ! ), 
  2000 years ago , an intellectual from a country named after the city from which this language spread , stops speaking altogether . 
  [ very much related . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb_qhp7vaze ), 
  so j\u00e4gerschnitzel is called j\u00e4gerschnitzel in finland ? 
  learn something new every day . 
  except greece maybe ? 
  have you ever performed or are you right now performing sexual acts with monica levinsky ? 
  has the killer already been found ? 
  was it an anti-immigrant dog ? 
  i 'm not sure but i think i prefer people keeping their stereotypes about me knowing that they are just that over them seeking `` truth '' in a `` joe smith and family going tribal '' format . 
  britain must the be the only country in europe where they consider the eu a conspiracy * against * free marketeers . 
  i consider myself not a libertarian but a liberal , meaning i , too , am somewhat suspicious against collective bodies.not fanatically , i not so naive to want the state to just go away to leave me at the mercy of powerful out of control non-state actors . 
  i also am perfectly fine with the idea that the strong should support the weak . 
  so i 'm no libertarian . 
  but i 'm rather uneasy with the state intruding my personal life . 
  especially when it claims to execute the will of the people . 
  first , this is bullshit anyway , since most people most of the time only want to drink their beer in peace . 
  second , it is the very nature of human rights that they can not be overridden even by the ( fictious ) will of the ( imagined ) majority . 
  the phrase `` national sovereignty '' or `` sovereign nations '' rings all kind of alarm bells for me . 
  because in my experience it is pulled mostly by elites that do n't like the fact that they are n't able to do with the people or some people what they would like to do with the people or some people . 
  the eu adds another layer of governance , another set of checks of balances , not adding intrusion but making state intrusion somewhat less easy even in cases where all national players think this would be a wonderful idea . 
  when i 'm at home , i 'm never fully at mercy of the german state and when i 'm in britain , i 'm never fully at mercy of the british state . 
  and that is a wonderful thing . 
  i could give concrete examples from the basics of the basics , namely the four freedoms ( meaning the eu * prevents * protectionism , at least inside the internal market ) to lots of decisions of the ecj or echr ( which is n't a eu institution but also a supranational body limiting state power ) . 
  that 's it .
