  poor russia ... 
  belgium is something you could n't make up . 
  give rocks from mars and we talk . 
  most important thing i 've learned from this article is that ron paul - us internet president by democratic upvote at least four times in a row - has a clone named rand.is is actually still possible to become a leading politician in the us without being related to one of having slept with one ? 
  what kind of minds breed these things i always wonder ... 
  double nordic ? 
  this is getting retarded . 
  now consider the faces of the people expecting cocain bananas and getting banana bananas . 
  reality can be changed . 
  i look to a day when estonians will not be judged by patterns on their flag , but by the nordicness of their nordicness . 
  any geographical or ethnic definition of `` western world '' will most likely also include ms. lepen for example . 
  a membership in such a club is nothing that keeps me awake with excitement at night . 
  but you can as well define the western world as a community of values , but then you can decide for yourself if you 're a member . 
  no need for asking the internet to give your government a blessing , because that wo n't make you a different person . 
  and if anybody is asking why these ranks are 0pl , 1pl , 2pl , 3pl : pl is the esperanto abbreviation for `` chicken farm '' . 
  pl is also the top level domain for chicken farms worldwide . 
  people with that top level domain will probably deny this . 
  well i would too if i was a chicken . 
  i kant disagree with this . 
  i think , as a rule , anything travolta would n't nonchalantly walk away from is a waste of money . 
  tl ; dr americans smash things together and the europeans send observers . 
  any symbolism is purely coincidental . 
  saw title , knew i would rage . 
  clicked on map , raged . 
  fearing this date is the path to the dark side . 
  fearing this date leads to anger about this date . 
  anger about this date leads to hating this date . 
  hating this date leads to suffering under this date . 
  your journey to the dark side is almost complete . 
  the nazis were not immediately available for a comment . 
  but poland , i thought you were central europe . 
  you have no opposite side . 
  the `` eu '' does n't plan anything and it does n't move either , except for continental drift . 
  but here is your timeline : 1 . before 2019 : the commission plans 2 . 
  2019 : european elections 3 . after 2019 : the council shoots it down, 
  even middle eastern or african shit holes have some sane people defining their national interest , and they have nothing to gain with such a move . 
  russia on the other hand strives to become the leader of the ~ ~ middle eastern or african shit holes ~ ~ morally integer nations against the decadent west . 
  it 's called `` the western world '' . 
  well , plus some curious outliners . 
  german , bad german , and internet english . 
  i considered that . 
  but first , that 's a strange way to put things in any case . 
  alaska and hawaii are geographically isolated from the main part of usa , but california is not `` geographically isolated '' from the east coast . 
  second , what you say is much easier expressed e.g. 
  as `` not part of the core '' , `` far from the core '' `` in the periphery '' of the eurozone . 
  third there is the comparison with greece that is indeed geographically isolated from the core of the eurozone in the proper sense of the word . 
  no i 'm quite sure the writer simply has no clue who 's using the euro and does n't care . 
   geographically isolated , like greece , from the core of the currency bloc , portugal ... spain left the euro when nobody was looking ? 
  i 've witnessed the mob on zeit online and similar german media feigning empathy for the copilot 's family and a desire for careful reporting for days now . 
  the same people would have commented themselves into a genocidal rage 3 seconds after they had heard rumours about a plane crash somewhere and a copilot named ahmed or muhammad . 
  they 're also very sympathetic to putin 's idea of running a country though , so if a plane crashed with a russian immigrant among the crew for whatever reasons they 'd probably opt for the cia/mossad theory . 
  what excactly is ` islamophobic ' as opposed to islamophobic ? 
  space race is over when * we * say so . 
  so that guy would not sell my data , and i use an add blocker and expect internet services to be free . 
  now , where exactly do the other 999 millions come from to make that millionaire a billionaire ? 
  if i represented vattenfall i would try to maximize their profits in any way possible . 
  because if i did n't then vattenfall would choose somebody else to represent them . 
  public opinion has been against nuclear power for a long time . 
  and the current government just made a 360 \u00b0 turn in two 180 \u00b0 steps on that matter . 
  vattenfall knew the risks . 
  maybe the courts will judge in their favor . 
  we are not a banana republic . 
   would you honestly trust the bundesgerichtshof our courts ( european or american ) are the worst possible arbiters , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . 
   and if foreign companies felt that german courts would treat them fairly so much `` fairly '' in one post . 
  a company is an organization . 
  they have no morals , or sense of fairness , or shame , just interests . 
  a framework that serves their interest better is in their meta-interest . 
  so to say . 
   would german companies feel that us courts would treat them fairly ? 
  see above . 
  also , this is not about the glorious home team scoring against evil yanks fc . 
  the game is companies vs. taxpayers . 
  so they are not-courts that meet to solve a legal dispute between two parties , thereby potentially overturning decisions of the highest courts . 
  they can not rule against the law * by definition * because they 're the final interpreter of the laws . 
  * they * tell you what goes against the law . 
   they do n't set precedent we do n't use common law . 
  n/a . 
   all that isds does is provide a very limited subset of those rights for companies . 
  pardon , companies have * every * right to defend their interests before german courts . 
  it 's just that they can not appoint judges there . 
  neither can you or me . 
  mussolini was n't nazi , sorry . 
  and if that makes you feel better , you can replace him by any other head of government that did n't come to power by `` credible and fair '' means , because i 'd criticize them `` only '' because of that , too . 
  you 're free to call a court an `` arbitration panel '' and an judge an `` arbitrator '' if you like but that does n't change their function . 
  a country has elections , parliaments , governments , laws , courts , constitutions , constitutional courts , and what not . 
  all that to keep our life fair and free from the rule of the poweful , especially by limiting the power of the state itself . 
  because the only way we found so far to limit the power of state organs is by other state organs keeping them in check . 
  a company has none of the list above . 
  the difference between a company and a totalitarian state is that a totalitarian state has absolute control over it 's citizens , whereas the power a company has is limited by the democratic state . 
  and that 's we you ca n't put a company on the same level as the state , and replacing all the baroque safeguards we have by some representatives `` having duties of independence and objectivity '' is , pardon , naive . 
   they would have to compensate you if you 're trying to say i should have faith that if i sue then the courts * of * germany would rule by the laws * of * germany in favor of me and * against * germany , great . 
  i agree . 
  or at least i do n't see a better way of dealing with such conflicts of interest , either . 
  so no need for mock courts then . 
  `` only '' credibility of the trial and the fairness of the court ? 
  * of course * i challenge the credibility of the trial and the fairness of the court . 
  i 'm certainly not gon na discuss with you if mussolini made the trains run on time or not . 
  also , i do n't care how many dollars they spent . 
  the rich are not more equal before the law . 
  nor would i compare my budget to that of america , because when i lose my money i 'm screwed while the us can simply print more dollars .
