  this may be true if you write for the guardian . 
  the average british anti-european is not any more anti-german as he is anti-french , and certainly more anti-slav than both . 
  it 's the only correct english by majority decision . 
  ( cont ) in november 2011 , ms. merkel 's christian democrats gathered on the grounds of the centuries-old leipzig trade fair in eastern germany for an annual party convention and remarked on germany 's new influence . 
  it had been just over a year since greece asked for its first bailout . 
  some europeans , including the french , initially resisted pushing for heavy doses of austerity in exchange for aid . 
  but ms. merkel -- the former physicist who grew up under communism and now oversaw europe 's largest economy -- had won the argument . 
  `` all of a sudden , europe speaks german , '' volker kauder , the leader of ms. merkel 's conservatives in parliament , said in a speech at the convention . 
  `` not in the language but in the acceptance of the instruments for which angela merkel fought so long and so successfully . '' ms. merkel 's approval rating at home shot up , from around 40 % in 2010 to 70 % in 2013 , a range where it has remained . 
  a yearslong refrain from german politicians helped keep german voters behind ms. merkel even as it estranged europeans elsewhere : countries seeking help must also do their hausaufgaben -- their homework . 
  facing putin in march 2014 , ms. merkel put her domestic political capital on the line and established germany as a key european geopolitical power : she took on mr. putin . 
  with him on the verge of annexing crimea , the typically soft-spoken chancellor warned that russia faced `` massive damage , '' economically and politically , if it continued intervening in ukraine . 
  in ensuing months , ms. merkel repeatedly secured unanimity among eu members for rounds of russia sanctions . 
  her surprisingly tough line unsettled a pacifist german public that polls show shrinks from foreign-policy involvement and wants a good relationship with its former world war ii enemy . 
  and , as it had at the peak of the eurozone crisis , the german-inspired consensus hid further strains on european unity . 
  on the eu 's eastern periphery , germany 's leadership on ukraine stirred discomfort . 
  even as berlin pushed for sanctions , it urged hawkish western diplomats to avoid provoking russia by such steps as stationing more nato troops closer to russia . 
  poland and the baltic states said troops were needed for their security . 
  the dispute over how to deal with russia prompted a senior polish official to exclaim , in one meeting last summer , that germany was again toying with poland 's existence -- alluding in part to the 1939 nazi-soviet nonaggression pact that effectively divided poland between russia and germany . 
  other countries , from italy to hungary , have chafed at having to put their close ties to russia on ice amid ms. merkel 's push for sanctions . 
  but to germany 's south , it is the eurozone crisis that has been the biggest factor in fostering discomfort with germany 's dominant role on the continent . 
  in italy and spain , opponents of ms. merkel have referred to her as the leader of a `` fourth reich . '' in france , berlin 's shaping of the crisis response has spawned bitter criticism of germany , now a popular theme for far-left and far-right alike in a country whose influence used to exceed its neighbors ' . 
  in a french poll last december , 74 % said germany had too much sway in european union politics . 
  jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon , founder of the left-wing parti de gauche , in may published `` le hareng de bismarck -- le poison allemand '' ( `` bismarck 's herring -- the german poison '' ) , a 208-page denunciation of german supremacy in europe . 
  last year , marine le pen of the far-right national front told germany 's der spiegel magazine ms. merkel `` wants to impose something on others that will lead to the explosion of the european union . '' what would the eurozone look like without greece ? 
  with the crisis in greece worsening , cracks have started to show in the mainstream . 
  mr. hollande , a socialist , faces a domestic rebellion from members of his parliamentary majority who say he has signed up to german-inspired austerity and abandoned his 2012 election pledge to push pro-growth policies in europe . 
  last week , he called on greece 's creditors to try to reach a solution more quickly . 
  within germany , many politicians and leading commentators say a more assertive german role in europe is the responsible thing to do . 
  `` politically and economically stable countries can not hide , '' foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier said earlier this year . 
  `` germany is a little too big and important to comment on international affairs from the sidelines . '' in march , a prominent berlin political scientist , herfried m\u00fcnkler , published a book , `` the power in the middle , '' that captured the german elite 's foreign-policy zeitgeist . 
  germany , he wrote , had the duty to lead europe because neither brussels nor another eu country was strong enough to do so . 
  but in an interview last week , mr. m\u00fcnkler said germany leading europe alone was `` no long-term solution . '' for one thing , polls continue to show germans do n't want more international responsibility . 
  for another , he said , the potential rise of a successful populist party in germany -- as has happened in just about all of germany 's neighbors , from poland to the netherlands to france -- would sharpen nationalist rhetoric in germany and increase europeans ' aversion to german leadership . 
  `` germany is in this hegemonic role in europe because we have no relevant right-wing populist parties , '' mr. m\u00fcnkler said . 
  that is why europe 's current showdown with greece is critical for the future of germany 's place in europe , analysts say . 
  if ms. merkel approves a new lifeline for athens after weeks of vitriolic debate , she is likely to face a furor from germany 's right and stoke the country 's incipient euroskeptic movement . 
  if greece careens out of the euro , ms. merkel will face blame for an episode that has further polarized europe at a time when controversies over the u.k. 's eu membership and how to treat migrants and refugees are adding to the tensions wrought by the ukraine crisis . 
  claudia major , a security specialist at the german institute for international and security affairs , said : `` if greece were to leave the eurozone , this may someday be seen as the beginning of the end of the project of european integration -- when the germans were not in the position , as the leading power in shaping europe , to be able to resolve things with the greeks . '' -- matt moffett , giovanni legorano and david rom\u00e1n contributed to this article . 
  ** greek crisis shows how germany 's power polarizes europe ** * the continent 's most powerful country is grappling with its leadership role -- and other nations are , too * berlin -- under the glass reichstag dome in germany 's parliament last week , left-wing opposition leader gregor gysi lit into chancellor angela merkel for saddling greece with a staggering unemployment rate , devastating wage cuts , and `` soup kitchens upon soup kitchens . '' the chancellor , sitting a few steps away with a blank expression on her face , scrolled through her smartphone . 
  ms. merkel 's power after a decade in office has become seemingly untouchable , both within germany and across europe . 
  but with the `` no '' vote in sunday 's greek referendum on bailout terms posing the biggest challenge yet to decades of european integration , risks to the european project resulting from germany 's rise as the continent 's most powerful country are becoming clear . 
  on friday , spanish antiausterity leader pablo iglesias urged his countrymen : `` we do n't want to be a german colony . '' on sunday , after greece 's result became clear , italian populist beppe grillo said , `` now merkel and bankers will have food for thought . '' on monday , ms. merkel flew to paris for crisis talks amid signs the french government was resisting berlin 's hard line on greece . 
  `` what is happening now is a defeat for germany , especially , far more than for any other country , '' said marcel fratzscher , head of the german institute for economic research , a leading berlin think tank . 
  `` germany has , at the end of the day , helped determine most of the european decisions of the last five years . '' greeks opposed to terms demanded for further bailout aid put up a poster of german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble before sunday 's referendum , in which a majority voted to reject the terms . 
  greeks opposed to terms demanded for further bailout aid put up a poster of german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble before sunday 's referendum , in which a majority voted to reject the terms . 
  senior german officials , in private moments , marvel at the fact that their country , despite its weak military and inward-looking public , now has a greater impact on most european policy debates than britain or france , and appears to wield more global influence that at any other time since world war ii . 
  berlin think-tank elites , diplomats and mainstream politicians generally see the rise of german power as a good thing . 
  they describe the stability , patience and rules-based discipline of today 's german governance as what europe needs in these turbulent times . 
  germany -- with its export-dependent economy and history-stained national identity -- has the most to lose from an unraveling of european integration and is focused on keeping the union strong , they say . 
  ms. merkel 's popularity at home has remained strong through the greek crisis , holding about steady at 67 % in a poll at the end of june . 
  she now must weigh whether to offer additional carrots to greece to keep the country in the euro and preserve the irreversibility of membership in the common currency -- at the risk of political backlash at home and the ire of german fiscal hawks . 
  only 10 % of germans supported further concessions for greece in another poll last week . 
  u.s. officials generally see german leadership as crucial geopolitically , praising ms. merkel 's push last year to get all 28 european union countries to adopt sanctions against russia over ukraine . 
  but across europe , germany 's power is also straining unity in the eu , an alliance forged as a partnership of equals that now is struggling to accommodate the swelling dominance of one member . 
  with every crisis in which ms. merkel acts as the continent 's go-to problem solver , the message to many other europeans is that for all the lip service about the common `` european project , '' it is the germans and faceless bureaucrats in brussels who run the show . 
  the pushback against german power in europe is likely to grow if the eurozone crisis worsens or if berlin 's policies grow more assertive . 
  in greece last week , it was the stern face of 72-year-old german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble that appeared on some of the posters urging voters to reject europe 's bailout offer . 
  `` he 's been sucking your blood for five years -- now tell him no , '' the posters said . 
  `` they want to humiliate greece to send a warning to spain , portugal and italy , '' hilario montero , a pensioner at a pro-greece demonstration in madrid recently , said of berlin and brussels . 
  `` the message is you are not allowed to cross the lines they set . '' split verdict similar to america 's global role , german power polarizes europe . 
  ms. merkel is popular in the european mainstream , even as populist politicians say she is building a `` fourth reich '' dominated by german capitalism . 
  in spain , for example , a june poll found ms. merkel to be the most disapproved-of foreign politician after russian president vladimir putin , with 54 % disapproval . 
  but she also drew one of the higher approval ratings , 39 % , besting the leaders of italy , the european commission and the united nations . 
  the dynamics are similar in france . 
  while more than half of french in a poll last week disapproved of ms. merkel 's handling of the greek crisis , two-thirds of adherents of the main center-right party approved . 
  now greece presents the most direct test for ms. merkel 's europe . 
  her government played the biggest role in shaping the austerity-and-reforms conditions for eurozone bailouts and was the most influential voice resisting debt relief for greece . 
  after greece asked for a bailout in 2010 , the heads of the european central bank and the international monetary fund traveled to berlin to exhort german lawmakers to approve one . 
  a year later , ms. merkel pushed for rules establishing greater fiscal rigor across the eurozone . 
  in spain , the press dubbed her la inspectora . 
  last september , then-greek prime minister antonis samaras flew to berlin and appealed to ms. merkel . 
  unpopular economic measures greece was required under bailout terms to enact -- including changes to pensions and taxation as well as the rules involving labor , banks and the public payroll -- were feeding the rise of a radical left-wing movement , syriza , he said . 
  ms. merkel held firm and pushed back against offering debt relief . 
  german officials advised the greeks to tackle tough reforms right away . 
  mr. samaras , amid rising greek anger over economically stifling austerity measures , lost the election to syriza leader alexis tsipras in january . 
  as the crisis intensified under the new government 's tougher negotiating style , german influence grew even more unmistakable . 
  in february , just hours after athens sent eurozone finance ministers a letter asking for an extension of its aid program -- and before the ministers had the chance to consult one another on it -- the german finance ministry emailed reporters a brief statement . 
  `` the letter from athens is not a substantive proposal , '' it said , quickly stifling discussion of the letter . 
  early last week , while some european officials including french president fran\u00e7ois hollande publicly held out hope of a deal before sunday 's referendum , ms. merkel quickly signaled there would be no talks before the vote . 
  her view prevailed . 
  for several decades , it was the roughly equal tandem of france and germany that together called the shots on european policy . 
  because they often disagreed , their compromises typically ended up as palatable to the rest of europe . 
  then a string of developments -- including widespread opposition to the iraq war , former chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der 's 2003 market-friendly economic reforms and the taboo-breaking summer of flag-waving when germany hosted the 2006 world cup -- started to instill a more confident sense of national identity in a country still living in the shadow of the nazi era . 
  economic problems in france weakened the country on the european stage , while british politics grew increasingly inward-looking . 
  and that 's before a government throws all its might behind a no in a snap referendum featuring blood-sucking vampires and the like . 
  as soon as i see a cut down on retarded politics . 
  hint : check the spelling of the name ... 
  who is this tspiras this article is constantly talking about and does he want my monis too ? 
  can confirm , and i even had a referendum about it . 
  i hope he negotiated to be paid in cash . 
  80 million germans do n't get their opinion on things faxed from the government , you know . 
  and america is not just the united states of . 
  but language does n't work that way . 
  i 'm not interest in a union of happy countries . 
  because countries can neither be happy nor sad . 
  people can be happy or sad . 
  demagogues claiming to be the country and their followers can be happy or sad . 
  and typically , the happier they are , the more dire the situation objectively is . 
  they feed on misery .
