  the council could have tried to rewind this and present their own candidate but the ep would realistically never have gotten through with something like this ( i.e. 
  saying juncker is a nice guy but we will only accept barnier ) . 
  if the heads of government would want to rewind this now they 'd first and foremost need to prevent their party families from presenting a candidate next time . 
  if there is none , the ep wo n't have a candidate to endorse either . 
  if there is , things will play out as they did this time . 
  [ * ] i.e. 
  head of governments who typically are also the leader of their national party or hold at least a high ranking position in the party hierachy . 
  he 'd be the first one . 
  you beat me by a minute . 
  to celebrate the ( temporary ) end of the drama i 'll be having a cognac for breakfast tomorrow . 
  there are more than enough german press articles against him . 
  but see my argument above , if somebody else votes him down , how could anybody blame merkel ? 
  merkel 's secret concession to cameron is not to win the world cup , sources say . 
  this is actually a good question and i do n't have the answer either . 
  i certainly do n't buy the usual uk media spin `` in secret , everybody agrees with cameron '' . 
  if merkel really wanted to get rid of juncker so badly , this would be the perfect opportunity to let the socialists do the dirty work . 
  but i also do n't believe that merkel actively tries push juncker . 
  i guess she would be pretty neutral on that issue if it was n't for the political fallout . 
  but , juncker or not juncker , an ( informal ) grand coalition is needed to secure a stable majority in ep and council * and * there 's pressure from the one at home . 
  i 'd like to know whose interpretation this actually is , `` juncker against loosening budget rule '' . 
  for the socialists it definitely would make sense to spin it that way . 
  did they even claim to be on cameron 's side or did they only promise support in case he can deliver a blocking minority , if they promised anything at all ? 
  that wo n't work and should not work . 
  when you teach people to judge politics on primarily monetary grounds you 'll one day end up with people that spot a bleeding granny on the street and ask themselves how they would benefit economically from helping her . 
  it 's the bloody foreigners fault !, 
  i do n't know what your understanding of '' ( any sort of ) democratic mandate '' exactly is but apparently it 's something you lose when some minority is against you . 
  more details about mrs. nuland 's sex life ... 
  tl ; dr `` cameron is right as always , according to sources . '', 
  the treaty , `` the law '' says two things of substance : 1 . the council proposes candidates ( or not ) , 2 . the parliament approves them ( or not ) . 
  these rights have never been challenged . 
  the council can still propose candidates and the parliament can shoot them down until the cows come home if they wish to do so , and nobody will go to jail for that . 
  it 's just not the sensible thing to do . 
  so instead we 've got to know lead candidates that have neither been selected by the parliament nor the council but party platforms , as it is the standard procedure in parliamentary democracies . 
  and , and that 's important , we 've got to know them before the election . 
  in principle , the rights mentioned above still hold . 
  in practice however , * neither * the parliament * nor * the council can just pull a name out of a hat anymore . 
  and that is a good thing . 
  not for the parliament or the council , but for us . 
  of course you can read there that cameron is afraid of ukip . 
  furthermore , you find enough voices in german media from the atlanticist corner mouthpieceing whatever somebody mumbled incoherently into a microphone the day before in the us or uk . 
  but i do not have the feeling that somebody would have a chance to get the picture relying on english language media alone which is a giant bubble fed by political interests and soundbites taken out of context where it fits the agenda . 
  as for merkel , you wo n't get a clear opinion out of her unless you force her . 
  i do n't think she liked the early commitment to juncker as it goes against her style of policy making by consensus . 
  however , that does not make her an ideological opponent to juncker or to power to the parliament , let alone to further european integration that would happily follow cameron on his crusade against all that if it was n't for `` pressure '' in her coaliition ( and her own party , and the german public , and the european parliament , and other heads of government , and the european public , and ... ) . 
  besides she 's not chancellor by god 's grace so i certainly do hope the opinions in her coalition have influence on her politics . 
  i 'd think as a native speaker , i have enough sources on what merkel says or thinks at hand and if she 's that closet follower of tory ideas held back by sinister forces as the british media like to paint her again and again then i wonder which secret sources they can rely on which our media apparently misses . 
  i believe that the state of british political discussion is , by comparison , more influenced by spin than elsewhere so i do n't know what to believe here . 
  thanks god this voting thingie has been invented so there 's no need for us to decide which poll to believe . 
  pardon , could you we agree that cameron has no business or mandate in deciding how people outside the uk organize their relationship ? 
  you can join the club or leave the club or negotiate a different agreement with the club but `` muh sovereignty '' is not a one-way street . 
  this it why i take ukip 's `` we should get the fuck out '' mindset over the tories ' neo-imperial attitude any time . 
  i 'm really , really grateful that we have parties to protect what they 've decided that my culture is , whether i want it or not . 
  if the uk left the eu the game would * still * be about give and take , its just that the rules and players would be different . 
  it 's just that nobody knows exactly what cameron wants to take let alone what he 's willing to give . 
  `` the electorate '' , or `` the people '' for that matter , are an abstract entity . 
  the electorate does n't * want * anything . 
  1000 people will want 1000 things , contradicting the wishes of the others and often enough their own . 
  somebody will have to make consistent decisions however and take responsibility for the consequences , and elections are their to get these people into office without a civil war and out of office without a civil war . 
  when somebody tells me what `` the people '' want i just disagree . 
  that somebody can make his point stronger by showing me people who win an election on that basis , however . 
  in which case my agreement is ( thankfully for everybody else ) not needed anyway . 
  no , `` you '' ( whoever that is exactly ) are certainly not alone in seeking reforms . 
  case in point : if juncker becomes commission president as result of of the elections that would be an example of a successful reform . 
  i think all major online news sources can be relatively easy located on the left-right axis . 
  it 's somewhat harder only when they have no backbone at all and simply print whatever brings clicks . 
  so be careful what you wish for . 
  you ca n't counter despicable ideologies that attempt to devalue the idea individual freedom in favor of submission under group interests and that foster a feeling of indifference to open hostility towards outsiders by promoting nationalism . 
  guess why . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 2 . 
  singaporean 3 . 
  south african and 1 . 
  german 2 . 
  romanian 3 . 
  english til only us blacks speak real ( tm ) english . 
  `` federalist danger man '' . 
  does he wear a cape ? 
  i read that in a [ humphrey appleby ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humphrey_appleby ) voice . 
  when planing a military campaign in the area , voting for which bearded woman will lead to what kind of disaster in which balkan country exactly ? 
  i 'm asking for a friend . 
  `` state-level , obscene opinion-terrorism '' is my favorite phrase now . 
  my human right to privacy comes with risk to others , as any right i enjoy . 
   first of all ; google does n't publish false or outdated information , publishers do . 
  google only indexes it . 
  google ~ ~ only ~ ~ indexes it . 
  i do n't know what the word `` only '' is supposed to imply except that what google does somehow does n't make a difference . 
  of course it does . 
  payback is a bitch , the irish are now claiming 3/4 american heritage . 
  dear sir , i 'm afraid you 're wrong about bavaria . 
  it is in fact a communist-fascist moloch controlled by islamist jews working to destroy my south-upper-bavarian identity . 
  the world will never be free as long as bavaria has n't been wiped off the earth . 
  the message of love . 
  it 's not about the conclusions . 
  i saw the zeit article and i found it much better in style . 
  good journalism is relative and relative to the alternatives i mentioned der spiegel is * not * good , imho . 
  spiegel is not yellow press but they certainly appeal at emotions and their goal is rather to write what people want to read ( = confirm their world view ) rather than inform them . 
  not surprisingly , spiegel 's german and english material is generally different in tone . 
  without having read that particular article or wanting to : spiegel online does definitely not play in the same league as , say , s\u00fcddeusche zeitung , zeit or frankfurter allgemeine when it comes to respectable , reliable journalism . 
  good question . 
  the legend does n't really explain what the boxes show . 
  should be a triangle with red , green , blue at the edges and gray in the middle .
