  of course we must not forget that the eu is just an organization too ... 
  i wo n't bother to open that pdf again but if there is another mysterious index on page 6 claiming stuff than your conclusion is correct . 
  never , ever trust any statistics relying on mysterious `` indexes '' , especially when they 've been `` adapted '' especially for the study at hand . 
  i do n't get it either , that 's why i quoted it . 
  `` the european securities and markets authority is based in paris , of all places ! '', 
  that 's ridiculous , indeed . 
  what next ? 
  a black us president ? 
  now i know the title page of the daily mail tomorrow ... eurocrats plan to norm england away . 
  do n't you think it 's in the interest of the taxi owner to make the taxi stand out ? 
  i * think * it 's not mandatory anymore - at least in some states . 
  think of it : 2014 and you 're actually free to decide how you paint your source of income . 
   it is worth remembering that those 46 goverments include russia yes * even * russia . 
  and lots of countries that are n't russia . 
   i 'm not sure if you are talking about the eu here or the echr . 
  i wrote `` institutional framework '' because i 'm talking about both . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
   i would be in favour of the voter being able to get involved in reforming them though . 
  and do you know what ? 
  so is cameron . 
  that 's why he wants the uk public to be able to vote on a new deal with the eu in a refederendum . 
  the eu is not a factory in outer space that produces free ponies for everyone . 
  i am part of the eu and so are hundreds of millions other people !, 
  what is to your benefit might very well be to my detriment . 
  how can the uk unilaterally decide how i have to deal with them ? 
  what kind of idea of democracy or sovereignty is that ? 
  the most important case that immediately comes to my mind concerning germany was forcing the government to accept women in the army . 
  that has n't anything to do with `` protecting criminals from various kinds of punishments but certainly with `` fucking with innocent people '' and 50 percent of the population at that . 
  yeah , anecdotal evidence , but do you have the statistics ? 
  is this about the right of criminals or the right of suspects ? 
  what were these punishments they were protected from ? 
  second most important question : how are these cases distributed geographically ? 
  and finally the one million euro question : why does the uk government in particular have a problem with this court ? 
  i 've yet to hear a convincing argument . 
  when pratically all european governments ( 46 without the uk ) do one thing and only the uk and belarus government do the other thing that deserves an explanation that actually takes these ( namely 46 plus 2 ) points into account . 
  when i only get explanations that do n't , i 'll rather find my own . 
  but that 's not the issue . 
  this issue is not about any country cutting any particular tie with the rest of the world . 
  ukip , as far as i 'm allowed to generalize , just wants to get out . 
  great , if they find a majority for that : go ahead . 
  the tories ' aim however is to weaken ( `` reform '' ) the institutional framework on this continent to increase their own power to set the european agenda . 
  cameron is n't interested in anybody 's `` sovereignty '' , what he envisions is a concerto of a handful of strongmen sitting together and deciding the fate of 700 hundred or so million people . 
  insofar he 's not far apart from putin . 
  actually , both are convinced that 's this is simply how the world * is * - claiming anything else is just propaganda , they think . 
  you want something ? 
  win merkel , neutralize hollande and/or renzi - and everybody , parties , parliaments , press , civil society , eu institutions , any country with less than 40 million people will just magically fall into line . 
  why ? 
  because that 's simply how the world is run . 
  cameron 's und putin 's whole perception of the world is similar - this is why both tend to resort to conspiracy theories when things happen that simply do n't fit into that worldview . 
  and * this * is where we fight . 
  not when farage takes the uk out of the echr , eu , nato , ot the un - as long as he understands that if you do n't have obligations towards them they 're in no need to grant you any privileges either . 
  i was pondering a sarcastic remark involving cameron and lukashenko , for reasons obvious . 
  however , it 's not really funny when somebody is targeting a pillar of your legal protection . 
  as i see it , cameron 's aim to `` reform '' the echr is a threat like putin 's wish to `` reform '' nato . 
  they may both be to impotent to do any harm , but that does n't make them any less hostile . 
  i saw that comment coming from light seconds away . 
  it would be until 2021 to beat kohl , and until 2024 to beat bismarck . 
  please do n't . 
  german word order understand you must , my young pawadan . 
  `` democracy is being held in contempt '' umm ... yes , by mr. cameron , for example , who kept telling me via the media that my vote in the european elections was n't worthy enough . 
  after me fixing a grammtical error . 
  i wonder if the author as already been kicked out ...  anyway , google translate should eat that ... maybe . 
   source ? 
  i do n't know anything about that . 
  you do n't even come close . 
  but you can go to berlin and speak just french as an eu citizen . 
  now the funny thing is , if you 're a japanese you 're exempted from the law too . 
  or american , canadian , australian , israeli , korean , ... 
  this was of course never about language , and as you can see they 're not even trying very hard to make it look as if . 
  this is interesting , since as we know , there are no eastern european countries only central european ones ... except russia . 
  it 's * almost always * a minority that cares at all . 
  and it might be a different minority every time . 
  that 's why the `` public view '' wants lower taxes * and * higher benefifs * and * a balanced budget . 
  now , they should just get elected and make politics . 
  smokes and mirrors . 
  some nameless , faceless `` top cia agent '' ( meaning he 's certainly anything but that ) has been expelled while there 's business as usual at the listening posts . 
  btw you can only lose what 's in your possession . 
  i laughed out loud for real . 
  if you consider voting by proxy a democratic deficit , you prefer a presidential system . 
  presidential democracy and parliamentarian democracy have both their pros and cons we do n't need to discuss here - but this is just more reason to reject the council to choose the head of commission who were by themselves elected by proxy , i.e. 
  they suffer under the same democratic deficit you mention ( hollande of all people being an exception because he actually was directly elected - even though the french are desperately trying to forget that at the moment . ), 
  even by proxy , the commission president was n't unelected before and is n't unelected now . 
  and in fact , he was elected by the ep the last time just as he is now . 
  the constitutional framework did not change as all , it 's just that the ep shows more political will to use the powers it has . 
  the change is political . 
  it is even arguable if the ep has more political powers now . 
  politically , they are bound to the lead candidates announced before the election . 
  this is as close as you can get to a directly elected government in a parliamentarian system , without switching to a presidential system . 
   unelected eu officials not that again . 
  who is `` we '' in this context anyway ? 
  the agenda turned many of the jobless poor into working poor . 
  if this is an improvement or not and if the minimum wage will again turn many working poor into jobless poor is of course up to debate . 
  it 's amazing to see how a clearly incompetent man became the president of a commission of a union of 500 million people of which nobody wants him . 
  must be his * amazing mind powers * . 
  i do n't know if this was a typo but it makes sense . 
  first of all , i do n't give that declaration much weight . 
  but for the sake of argument lets assume it 's not just a face saving nod at d.c. never forget it was the parties that chose the candidates . 
  this is n't primarily nations states against ep but party leaders [ * ] against their parties , if anything . 
  juncker was n't chosen as candidate by the ep . 
  he was chosen as a candidate by the epp and then as the de facto only candidate by the voters .
