  of course , both the site and this document are now wider known already than they could have hoped for . 
  interesting . 
  in germany there is . 
  for the social democrats your argument would hold , even if they have no realistic chance . 
  but the greens e.g. 
  would n't present a kanzlerkandidat . 
  the liberals once had one iirc , or maybe it was just being discussed , and the reaction was amusement , at best . 
  the only source for this i 'm aware of is the daily mail . 
  tsipras is certainly the best * leading * candidate the left could offer but making him the candidate * for ec presidency * is something i ca n't really take serious either . 
  is it common in your country that a small party nominates a candidate for prime minister ( or whatever ) ? 
  we 're a merkelcracy . 
  considering that the next commission president most likely wo n't be a liberal , i wonder who really got the upper hand here . 
  this always strikes me as an anglophone thing , or maybe just an anglo media thing ? 
  the attitude towards religion of most people i know is the same as towards stamp collecting : they 're not interested , it 's not an issue , they do n't buy books about why stamp collecting is a bad thing , and they certainly do n't organize in `` not-stamp-collectors '' clubs . 
  there is no going back to the nation state in a world where ukip has become the spearhead of the globalization of idiocity . 
  yes . 
  also nazi gays . 
  ... and some consumers of said media and some voters of said politicians . 
  on what ? 
  if the uk should have an referendum on leaving ? 
  he was n't asked . 
  why do you ask me ? 
  why do n't you ask him ? 
  my educated guess is that the answer would be something like `` it is the right of every member state to leave the eu under article xyz and how they come to that decision it 's up said member state . '', 
  if his answer does significantly differ from this i 'd be interested to hear . 
  just forward me his e-mail . 
  i do n't really want to read this . 
   i was just pointing out the difference between opinions and false statements . 
   it 's curious why he 's not explicitly in favour of `` letting the british people decide '' . 
  i 'm quite sure he knows the treaties well and in particular the exit clause . 
  but when i ask a politician about an issue i 'd rather hear * his * opinion on this . 
  i certainly do n't read bild but there must be better examples than that . 
  the point with the daily mail was , if i understand it correcty , that they were n't voicing opinions , however distasteful but that they made up `` facts '' . 
  there is a wide difference between writing `` all romanians should be shot a the borders . '', 
  and `` romanians commit 20x more crimes than brits '' if this number is just made up . 
  i never had control over my government 's economic policies . 
  you 're mixing up two different things here 1 . 
  which and how many competences should lie with the union and which competences should lie with the member states ( ... and smaller units of government ) . 
  how are decisions made on the level of union competences . 
  to state an extreme example , you could have the 28 heads of government come together and vote on everything . 
  members state would n't have legislative competences at all , all legislative acts would be union acts . 
  that would n't be a federal state , but a central even . 
  but it would be perfectly intergovernmental at the same time !, 
  somebody teach me the trick to read such titles and keep a serious face . 
  just to demonstrate how osborne 's talk is understood outside of the uk , before openeurope puts their own spin on this : the ( not exactly anti-capitalist , anti-neo-liberal , anti-reform , anti-whatever ) zeit titles `` britons try to blackmail the eu '' . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  i find it funny . 
  assuming the customer wants to be pleased . 
  if i imagine two shops in germany one with a sign `` remember , you 're paid for smiling '' and one with `` our staff is n't paid for smiling , that 's why the goods are 5 percent cheaper '' then i know where people would go . 
  all possible jokes about killing people in family-friendly ways have already been made on the german-language internet since this statement came out . 
  repeatedly . 
  i always liked the finnish ones too . 
  inside and outside of france . 
  you 're waaaaayyy overthinking that . 
  how much you will learn will depend on where exactly you go and not the country in general . 
  do you think you could become a better cook in a mcdonalds in france than in a three star restaurant in the uk ? 
  they would get some special status on a case by case basis that , hopefully , most people on all sides are most happy with . 
  and that status might change over time just like it is today . 
  i thought is was mandatory for the french president to have an affair or three . 
  france , i am disappoint . 
  only thing that 's certain is that the commission president needs the pariament 's approval . 
  there might still be some horse trading ahead . 
  doorbell prank ii - the return of the doorbell prank, 
  i might get as lot of eye-rolling for that , but do n't consider any people `` european '' or not , that 's totally up to them . 
  also , i prefer not to consider * the * [ insert group of people here ] anything if that means brushing over a broad range of individual opinions or attributes . 
  poor fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  even if he destroys france as we know it , single-handedly no less , it takes four full paragraphs before he 's mentioned in the main text for the first time . 
  talk about uncharismatic . 
  for the typical ukrainian protester at least waving an eu flag is first of all a political statement , i suppose . 
  it has as much to do with nationalism as has waving the rainbow flag . 
  for some pro-eu people it definitely is nationalism 2.0 . 
  for others it 's exactly the opposite , arguably the only existing counter-model to nationalism . 
  sometimes both at the same time because people are n't necessarily logical . 
  for some simply it 's pragmatism , they think their collective interests against the rest of the world are better served in the eu . 
  or they think , it gives them more personal freedom within the area the eu covers . 
  why not in the uk ? 
  they probably prefer quality press . 
  a similar example in english : `` in the village lived a princess ... '' , v2 , maybe somewhat archaic , but definitely post 1066 . 
  but you can translate `` den mann biss der hund . '', 
  into english without adjusting the word order . 
  i do n't know how you could tell subject from object in an english sentence if both svo and ovs was a valid word order and the context does n't give it away . 
  do does swedish do it then ? 
  at the very least , a strict word order is a natural solution to the ambiguity problem if you drop cases . 
  german sentences , too , are as far as i see it understood svo whenever you ca n't tell the difference . 
  so there is no need to assume that this was imported into english from somewhere . 
  in fact , somewhat archaic english does allow other structures then svo , afaik , which only adds to the argument that this was n't imported from somewhere but is `` homegrown '' . 
  it dropped cases . 
  the stricter svo order , compared to v2 , is a consequence of that . 
  i do n't get this argument . 
  since you do n't carry a flair , i do n't know where you 're from but either your country has a proportional system then you can push people you 'd see in parliament only indirectly , by voting for their list . 
  if you like in the uk you 're out of luck already if the politician that `` serves your interests best '' does n't happen to be from you constituency but from the one 10 km away . 
  the mentioned paradox seems to be talking about tasks , not jobs . 
  `` medical diagnosis '' is not a job like `` maid '' is , so the comparison is skewed . 
  `` doctor '' ( physician ) is a job . 
  the tasks in jobs that require high-level mental skills constantly change with technology , that 's nothing new . 
  pocket calculators and excel changed the accounting business - but there are still accountants . 
  if anything , these jobs only got harder ( mentally more challenging ) . 
  i still think that in the future automation will bring more maids out of job than doctors . 
  i agree that the `` problem '' the automation is mainly a problem of the distribution of wealth . 
  modern banking was invented in the * city states * of renaissance italy , btw .
