that 's a funny way of spelling scottish . 
  itt : people who did n't read the article . 
  he said there would be so many resignations it would almost be a mutiny . 
  there was absolutely no mention of a military coup or anything of the sort . 
  ah the noble land of teenage . 
  who shat in your cereal ? 
  serious question , was there ever another when such a high percentage of those fleeing were men ? 
  well i personally think it 's far more entertaining as it flows a lot more and does n't stop every two seconds , but if you mean it 's more dangerous , it 's not , you ca n't just deliberately collide into people who do n't have the ball like they do in american football . 
  they also avoid bumping heads because they do n't wear helmets which saves them from brain injuries as the damage is actually done by your brain rattling around in your skull . 
  they do in cricket too . 
  and therefore helping the people who are actually in danger , rather than economic migrants , but apparently facts are n't equal to some guy shoving his kid in front of a cameraman in a hungarian train station . 
  well reasoned argument . 
  well done . 
  certain countries like germany and sweden should be fucking ashamed.using money which could be spent on refugee camps in neighbouring countries to encourage dangerous illegal migration to your countries because it is more visible and gets you better pr . 
  they did n't edit it . 
  not sure it was even the same camera footage although it showed the same events , but they a had a reporter talking over it . 
  he 's wanted in egypt for terrorism related charges but could n't be deported to face trial there because he would have been subject to torture by the military regime . 
  also not to be churlish but that info is in the article if you read it . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://youtu.be/f6umksqz6aq?t=91 ), 
  in many cases i do n't like their entitled behaviour , but i feel in this case , it would have been pretty easy to give them something else , when the the vast majority are likely to be muslim . 
  germany has the european convention on human rights so that 's irrelevant . 
  could you not talk about stuff you have clue about ? 
  https://www.rt.com/uk/253401-extremist-preacher-emwazi-alqaeda/ . 
  here 's an example of what i said . 
  you are n't refuting my point either , since you 're admitting that he can still commit a crime and have some protection , if that is even true . 
  i 'd like a source on that . 
  the european human rights acts forbids you from deporting someone where they could be tortured or executed . 
  in the uk it 's illegal to rent to an illegal immigrant ( which she would be if she was n't an asylum seeker . 
  i imagine there is a similar law in france , and even if not she could scarcely claim asylum in the uk if she was living comfortably in a flat in france . 
  he ca n't be sent back to his country if he would otherwise have got asylum . 
  various radical muslim clerics who espouse hatred against the west received asylum in the uk because of this , despite their crimes . 
  edit : i mean to say it has repercussions in the sense he could be prosecuted and punished , but not deported . 
  a lot of mexicans are white , in the same way a lot of americans are white . 
  he 's actually the real 3 lions . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3003874/the-hopeless-british-isis-jihadi-former-morrisons-security-guard-threatened-bomb-uk-struggles-peel-potatoes-wash-clothes-syria.html found another about him . 
  ` brit dubbed the ` loneliest jihadi '' http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3131174/brit-dubbed-loneliest-jihadi-lures-women-join-isis-syria-promise-free-food-healthcare-bus-tickets-150-cash-handouts-gruesome-reality-different.html, 
  it 's not satire . 
  this guy is fucking ridiculous though . 
  he was posting himself with kittens before . 
  the serbs were persecuted by axis troops in ww2 , and the nazis had mass support across the arab world as well many muslim bosnian and turcoman recruits , but nice try adolf . 
  italians , the irish ( despite the shitty way they were treated before ) cypriots , indian hindus , chinese ( often from hong kong are all extremely well integrated , and have all brought nice aspects of their culture such as their food to us . 
  it 's not racist propaganda if it happened , and it 's not racist if it 's to do with culture . 
  gypsies are white europeans ? 
  yes so evil . 
  i literally want to kill everyone . 
  i 'm not merely concerned about myself and people i know living in peace . 
  we all agree it 's not okay to steal , be mean to someone etc , and so we can agree that 's a message which is okay for children 's tv ? 
  this is a specific political issue which is not black and white like that . 
  for example people dying on the way here because of the incentives offered to get here . 
  and no it 's not like stalin runs country , but you have some serious freedom of speech issues , and issues about people being shy to say their real views . 
  also fuck off implying i 'm a nazi . 
  it 's not that , which as you say is a good idea . 
  it 's the fact they 're saying accepting more immigrants is objectively the right thing to do as if it is a cut and dry moral issue , when i do n't think it is . 
  would you be fine in 2004 if the uk government played pro iraq war cartoons showing saddam as a baddie who had to be removed ? 
  well yeah it literally did . 
  it had like a red dot on the eastern european countries who refused the quotes and smiley faced people on the ones who did accept them . 
  just before the football so around 20 . 
  i feel like i could not vote for a party with nazi roots . 
  i do n't really understand why the moderates party is n't more like the conservatives in the uk on this issue though . 
  i 'm not swedish , but if i was i 'd have a dilemna . 
  i think many swedes are naturally socially democratic and tolerant , but think there are too many immigrants . 
  i 'd be skeptical of the swedish democrats because of their fascist roots ( they have many nazi salute scandals and being caught with weapons and stuff ) but the other parties are all extremely pro mass immigration . 
  its a catch 22 . 
  yeah there is no way something so politicised as that would be on children 's tv back in england . 
  i was kind of shocked . 
  if you read about those cases in france they raped muslim girls who they thought had stepped out of line , so yes a burkha or hijab could save you perhaps . 
  if you think north africans ( what most french muslims are ) do n't treat women terribly try visiting morocco and see how they talk to western tourist girls , or even finsbury park , london . 
  i do n't think most of them are rapists obviously , but their culture allows that kind of behaviour to florish . 
  it 's obviously a muslims problem . 
  it does not happen to the same extent in every community . 
  the state failed to deal with it , yes , but if i asked my white english friends or polish or spanish if they want to gangrape a girl or fuck a drunk 13 year old they will definitely say no , and probably call the police . 
  there are clearly a greater percentage of muslims who think this kind of behaviour is okay in your country and in england . 
  and yes there are white sex offenders but it 's not considered culturally acceptable because the girl goes out by herself or dresses in a certain way so she deserves it . 
  you have organised muslim gang rapes in your country https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dans_l'enfer_des_tournantes . 
  i reckon it 's the other way round . 
  it 's a muslim problem . 
  some of these gangs were somalis . 
  we 're not at all responsible for the breakdown of order in syria . 
  maybe if we had bombed assad like cameron wanted but we did n't . 
  there are many islamist groups in syria . 
  yes isis started in iraq but the same fighters would be doing the same thing in other islamist groups if not . 
  why does finland look like an indie horror film ? 
  all of those seem more interesting to me . 
   ` in the 18th and early 19th centuries , three `` huzzahs '' were given by british infantry before a bayonet charge , as a way of building morale and intimidating the enemy . 
  the book redcoat : the british soldier in the age of horse and musket by richard holmes indicates that this was given as two short `` huzzahs '' followed by a third sustained one as the charge was carried out . ', 
  taking them from refugee camps in neighbouring countries is such a fantastic idea . 
  it means they wo n't be predominantly wealthier young men who pay the smugglers , and it does n't incentivise dangerous journeys , as well as causing disorder on the way like hte situation in hungary . 
  good on mr cameron . 
  but they were travelling between two safe countries . 
  that 's not why the right to refuge exists . 
  it 's obviously very tragic that child died however . 
  are you open to questions about your experience ? 
  well he defintely does not speak english as his first language , so i doubt it . 
  yes the system needs to change , which is what the government are doing . 
  up to now you can come here , having never worked here , or lived here , and claim extremely generous benefits . 
  i can blaim them if they come to take and give nothing back . 
  why should i pay taxes to pay for a family of 10 bulgarian gypsies who have absolutely no links to this country and are only here for the benefits ? 
  ( and yes there is evidence of that happenng ) . 
  that 's what our government have been wanting to get rid of and yet everyone here was making out like they were literally hitler . 
  there is also the problem of cheap labour depressing wages for poor people .
