  czechs always bash their country , but its great in many respects . 
  i am always sad that many of us do not realise it until after they go abroad . 
  prague is west of vienna . 
  also pre-communist czechoslovakia was one of the richest countries in the world . 
  if you took only the czech lands into consideration , they were even richer as they were the most industrialised part of austria-hungary and slovakia was an extremely underdeveloped region at the time . 
  culturally , we are and always were much closer to austria than the balkans for example . 
  pre-was czechoslovakia was the only surviving democracy in central and east europe . 
  you seem to have the opinions of a person who makes no distinctions between individual countries of the eastern bloc , which is dumb and arrogant . 
  as an ideology , it is beyond dead . 
  but i still felt kind of a kinship when i was in croatia or poland , just based on the fact i could understand half of what they say . 
  interesting . 
  so you say this matter is not based on national pride but economy too . 
  then you say you do not want to pay because the genocide did not happen . 
  we have gone full circle . 
  and if you want to argue that is not what you meant , there is only one question for you . 
  given assurances that armenia would never push for reparations , would you mind your government admitted the genocide happened ? 
  no , i will not take a guess . 
  tell me what are the concrete implications of turkey admitting the regime of enver pasha committed genocide . 
  do not use innuendo and insinuation . 
  just tell me about any concrete claims which would be vindicated by admitting the truth . 
  as law student , i can guarantee you , that if you are a dutch citizen , you are by definition a european citizen . 
  you can vote in municipal elections in all of europe if you have residency in the state you live in . 
  may you , the well informed turk , please enlighten us as to what these `` major implications '' are ? 
  people often show disdain when they are told to feel sorry for someone who brought his misfortune upon himself . 
  ok , ask yourself how many of the politicians accused of being fascist actually called for extremination of entire sections of the population . 
  preventive action is self-defence when using a * very * broad definition of self-defense . 
  this line of reasoning is dangerous , because there is a thin line between a `` fascist '' and a `` person i highly disagree with '' . 
  the term fascist has already been deprived of most of its meaning , usually serving only to accuse far-right politicians with very few connections to the actual ideology of benito musollini * et alii * . 
  your trivia is indeed irrelevant . 
  of course it is n't end all be all but it is a good example of the quality of the administration , there are of course countless other proofs of the qualitative difference of edo period japan , like a functioning professional police force and a widespread education system . 
  these have no equivalent in medieval african empires . 
  there is a reason why japan was never colonised . 
  of course . 
  not at this scope and detail they did n't . 
  did any of them undertake a complex administrative feat like a detailed population census for example ? 
  ( [ for reference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_japan_before_the_meiji_restoration ) ), 
   medieval-esque culture the tokugawa state had a functioning bureacracy and well-established rule of law well before europe . 
  that is the main reason for their success in modernisation . 
  the japanese essentially had a modern civilised state , although technologically inferior . 
  ( historical movies about japan usually depict the period of late 16th century , before the tokugawa shogunate came into existence ), 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  i would very much like to be `` in touch '' . 
  or do you think ( as a greek ) that your countrymen would not mind other countries of the eurozone telling them what to do in exchange for debt relief ? 
   you can always give a debt relief while demanding some new measures like `` copy denmark 's tax system '' . 
  with the result of tens of thousands of people in the streets of athens shouting that they gave away their sovereignity to `` chancellor angolf merkler '' and populists getting a surge of support . 
  read [ this excellent article ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2010/10/greeks-bearing-bonds-201010 ) to get an idea about the issue . 
  it is not always the `` evil money lenders '' who are the problem . 
  greece is a semi-dysfunctional state . 
  giving them any larger debt relief would just give legitimacy to its behaviour . 
   unreconstructed socialist nonsense care to clarify ? 
  i believe it is because of the [ hussite ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hussites ) reformist movement in the 15th century ( very interesting time period , we basically [ kicked the shit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hussite_wars ) out of no less than five papal crusades ) . 
  the main centers of the rebellion were in bohemia ( prague , t\u00e1bor ) and the hussites were never able to capture a large city in moravia , which was also more culturally influenced by austria . 
  since then , moravia has always been more catholic than rest of the lands of the czech crown . 
  because i am trying to make a point about people from educated background saying different things about communism than the `` average '' person from a village or a small town for example . 
  you will never hear from those people on this site , simply because a poster here is very likely someone well educated and coming from a relatively rich background . 
  and if you think sons of miners did not go to university because they did not have connections , think twice . 
  its exactly the opposite , they had the best `` cadre '' profile , so if they wanted , they could study anything . 
   no worrying about gas prices i meant heat , not petrol . 
   rent prices rent was heavily regulated . 
  the problem of finding an appartement is a different problem . 
   about buying things to school for kids if you dont think people are worried , i can assure you the poorer ones are  no worrying about job security nobody worked at all , yet the nation somehow survived for 40 years . 
  the system was indeed ineffective but people * did * work  no bullshit shark-loans no one is forcing them , yet about a million people are in the `` debt trap '' . 
  the stupid plebs shouldnt have gotten a loan for their new tv eh ? 
   no rural depopulation fair enough , i concede  no drugs on the streets details please ? 
   secure only manual work jobs ''  if your goal was manual working job in some factory you did n't cared . '', 
  that is exactly what i am talking about . 
  most people did manual work . 
   you had to watch what you say most people do not care about politics . 
  by the way , please tell me the education of your parents . 
  it is very important to note your socio-economic status here . 
  no worrying about gas prices , about rent prices , about buying things to school for kids , to pay for sports classes , no worrying about job security , no bullshit shark-loans , no rural depopulation , no drugs on the streets - that is my understanding of `` relatively good life '' . 
  where are you from may i ask ? 
  interesting question , i actually asked a lot of older people about this . 
  but first lets clear some misconceptions : 1 ) communism ( especially in czechoslovakia which has undergone a soviet invasion in 1968 but this applies generally ) was very different in the 20s , 30s , 40s , 50s , 60s and 70s . 
  you need to talk at the least about specific decades . 
  2 ) communism was very different in different countries . 
  it was different in czechoslovakia , the soviet union , the baltics , romania , china , vietnam , yugoslavia . 
  each country was influenced a lot by its historical and geopolitical context and this of course shaped the nature of its regime . 
  now to the question itself : communism had many flaws but also quite a few positive influences , but these are often overlooked ( i am talking about czechoslovakia in the late 60s - 80s right now ) . 
  there were no drugs because of the tight border controls . 
  there were no homeless people . 
  everyone had the certainty of a job . 
  everyone had access to quality education . 
  everyone had access to good healthcare . 
  there was minimal income inequality . 
  pensions were higher compared to average income . 
  now the negatives : little incentives to work hard , promotion based on loyalty to party and contacts rather than merits . 
  queues for fad items and specific basic necessities , because the system of supply/demand based on central planning is really cumbersome . 
  0 regard for environment . 
  notice that i did not mention the classic `` bads '' of communism : the hounding of dissidents , impossibility of travel , ideology manifesting itself in skewed news and general parroting of bullshit party lines , the denial of higher studies to sons and daughters of the `` inconvenient '' opponents of the regime , police state in general . 
  this meant * very little * to the majority of the population . 
  the thing is , the people most hindered by this , the educated elites , translate their experiences to the outside world in books and interviews , so the outside world thinks it is the reason the regime was toppled . 
  most people dont care about travel to foreign states . 
  most people dont care about politics . 
  most people dont care about ideology . 
  they just want to live their life working in a factory , come back to their wife and kids and watch tv . 
  to these people with little ambition , who were n't that intelligent , were n't that engaged , communism was a very fine regime indeed . 
  the communist regime was toppled not because of the tireless work of dissidents ( although they also played a part ) but because these people got pissed how much poorer they are compared to their uncle emigrating to austria . 
  yes , the country was poor in nominal terms , but life was quite good for the `` average '' , certainly better than it is now , which these people realised only later . 
  you are gon na be told that people wanted freedom and that they wanted to lose the oppressive shackles of communism with its thought police and everyday ideological breastfeeding .
