  no one should be willing to lend to you anyway . 
  most greeks do not understand that their government borrowed a lot of money with * much * lower interest rates than they would get if they still had drachma and squandered it ( the money ) . 
  your creditors expected that if you fuck up , germany will pay your debts , which was either a mistake on their part or a political calculation . 
  the euro was not designed like that and german economists actually warned that it could happen . 
  the fact that countries in a monetary union can not devaluate their currency means that in order for euro to survive without moral hazard , there should be no country with an unsustainable deficit in the eurozone . 
  that is why two extremely important principles were put in the founding treaties of the eu : 1 . 
  every country should have a balanced budget ( deficit to gdp ratio of max 3 % and debt to gdp ratio max 60 % ) 2 . 
  no bailout for countries who fuck up . 
  both of these rules were broken because creditors did not want to lose their money and because european politicans did not believe the euro project would survive greece going bust . 
  still , you should remember that it is * greece * ( or to be more precise , your own government ) which caused the greek crisis . 
  your massive deficit and falsified financial reports are your fault , not the eu 's , even though other countries closed their eyes because they did not want to be reminded of their own deficit rule-breaking . 
  greece should have gone bust . 
  it would be tough but only fair given that you fucked up and the germans are paying for it right now . 
  it would also give you space and incentive for creating some semblance of fiscal discipline , which the other countries basically have to enforce right now creating huge mistrust in the process . 
  that is why your country should have gone bust , since you would have no one to blame but yourself . 
  the current situation is caused by the failure of european elites but they only had to react to * your * fuckup . 
  you would be wise to remember that . 
  if you want to argue about it , read [ this article ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2010/10/greeks-bearing-bonds-201010 ) first . 
  i want to know how the troika are to blame for the issues which it talks about . 
  not sure if the cause was the greeks not wanting to admit their mistakes or the many creditors from western countries lobbying in order to save their investments which would inevitably have vanished if greece defaulted . 
  it is unfortunately extremely hard to measure the extent of creditor pressure on european politicians but it is only logical to think it must have been exerted . 
  no , the relationship is different . 
  sharia is all-encompasing , it regulates every aspect of private and public life including affairs of the state - there is no separation of church and state in muslim countries . 
  it is completely different to have secular traditions based on religion ( like christmas holidays for example ) and traditions shaped by religion in a heavily religious country . 
  no one cares if you do not celebrate holidays here - but people will care very much if you do not follow ramadan or drink alcohol in saudi arabia - not only is this forbidden by law , you may also be viewed , if you are part of the muslim community , as an apostate , which is punishable by death in the islamic tradition . 
  you forgot to mention minimalist shoes and bow tie . 
  why do you put `` european values '' in parentheses when i only cited the founding treaties of the eu ? 
  tell me , if you value freedom of thought so much , do you approve of the ban on women driving in saudi arabia ? 
  would you not mind if some local municipality tried to enforce the same in europe ? 
  human rights , for example , are a joke in most middle eastern countries . 
  am i a fascist using `` european values '' to further my own interest if i criticise them for it ? 
  actually there were several attempts to ban the hammer-and-sickle in the czech republic , but that is beside the point . 
  first , both the cross of saint john and the hammer-and-sickle are symbols which have no impact on public life in europe . 
  second , the wearing of burqa is oppresion in itself as it both limits the interaction of the woman with the outside world and presents her as an object of male desire which needs to be guarded . 
  also there is significant cultural pressure on the women to wear the burqas even if they do not want to ( also to follow other cultural norms such as chastity - just check some cases of honour killing in western europe ) third , dissallowing the burqa * is * re-educating muslim women to western culture , just by making them more equal to men and able to express themselves . 
  of course other instances of dismal treatment of women in the orthodox muslim community should be counteracted too , but that is very hard as they are so segregated from the outside society ( which , in my opinion , is a dismal failure of previous policies of european countries which failed to integrate the minority ) , banning the burqa is the first logical step to integration . 
  also i did not compare muslim men to stalin , please do not create strawmen arguments . 
  they only serve to lessen the value of your opinion . 
  on other issues i am liberal but i support this ban . 
  one of the core values of europe is equality of sexes . 
  it is even one of the fundamental tenets of european society as listed by article 2 of the treaty on european union ( emphasis mine ) :  the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and * equality between women and men prevail * . 
  a burqa is a piece of clothing which was made for , and symbolizes , the control of women by men which is a direct contradiction of european values . 
  i do not care whether they wear it of their own free will or were made to wear them , it is a symbol . 
  a public display of swastikas is banned ( at least in my country ) whether you treat it as a good luck charm in the hindu tradition or whether you are a neonazi , because to us it denotes values incompatible with modern society . 
  a burqa is the same thing . 
  not even prescribed by muslim holy texts , it is a local arab tradition which spread because of the influence of modern hardline islamists , and it symbolizes oppression of women and backward tribal thinking . 
  as such , banning it is not only acceptable , it is also needed in a secular society based on equality between men and women . 
  i agree . 
  as a czech who likes russian culture ( learning russian language right now ) it bothers me how our citizens treat russians with disdain as if they all supported the invasion of 1968 , for example . 
  i consider this vulgar ( check [ this ] ( https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%9f%d0%b0%d0%bc%d1%8f%d1%82%d0%bd%d0%b8%d0%ba_%d1%81%d0%be%d0%b2%d0%b5%d1%82%d1%81%d0%ba%d0%b8%d0%bc_%d1%82%d0%b0%d0%bd%d0%ba%d0%b8%d1%81%d1%82%d0%b0%d0%bc_%d0%b2_%d0%9f%d1%80%d0%b0%d0%b3%d0%b5 ) article about painting a ww2 memorial in pink - a stain on our nation in my opinion ) . 
  it is however true that most russians agree with the politics of vladimir putin which most easter europeans find extremely threatening given our past relations . 
  if you look at public opinion polls , many russians also believe revisionist versions of history ( twenty percent of respondents in 2016 agreed with the statement that `` stalin was a wise leader who made the soviet union a powerful and prosperous nation . '' ) it is then not surprising that people have disdain for all russians , which saddens me , because i know many of them who are great people . 
  the 1968 comment is just an example of the inability to discern the difference between a regime and its people . 
  the thing is , today the two are not so different as they used to be during soviet times . 
  i am sorry , but is it propaganda to state the undisputed fact that soviet soldiers commited acts of mass rape and looting ? 
  for heaven 's sake even the famous `` flag over reichstag '' photo had to be edited by russian censors because the soldier raising the flag had watches on each wrist . 
  especially in the case of poland do you really wonder why they feel `` ingratitude '' when soviet forces participated in the invasion of poland in 1939 , soviets killed round about 20.000 polish reserve officers who were mainly lawyers , doctors , professors , etc. 
  in their civilan lives and then tried to blame it on the nazis ? 
  do you wonder why they hate the russians when they let the the warsaw uprising drown in blood and the city itself be reduced to rubble so they would get rid of the rest of polish non-communist resistance ? 
  do you really wonder ? 
  and i am not even talking about the baltic states who have their own share of grievances . 
  if you read anything about the mass purges and holodomor in the 30s , you would realise the soviet regime was similar to the nazi one in the way it practiced power . 
  the only difference was soviet terror was not based on institutional racism ( even though non-ethnic russians , like jews or ethnic poles were disproportionately affected by the purges ) and that the soviets won the war , thus they wrote their own history . 
  stalin was a massive criminal and frankly , a total cunt . 
  i am glad we do not have to live under nazis . 
  not sure it means i should be glad to the communists , who were almost the same . 
  the common russian soldiers were heroic in their fight against germany ( which does not mean they did not also commit atrocities ) , but the russian state was a terrifying organisation which used them for their own needs . 
  edit : just to add to my previous comment , i do agree that , mainly to the cultural influence of american movies , the russian war effort is vastly understated in the west . 
  it is a shame that estonians are not slavs ... 
  did you even see the video ? 
  a more comparable example would be someone in jesters clothing with a foot long codpiece jumping from a theatre balcony shouting `` fayaaaaaah , fayaaaah '' whilst shooting at the audience with a water gun . 
  no reasonable individual could expect such a stupid joke would create mass panic and if it did , it would be wrong to blame the prankster for it , although what he did would still be retarded . 
  you are doing the same in my opinion . 
  there is a czech saying which applies very well here : after the battle , everyone is a general . 
  i wonder if he meant it as a reference to william golding 's `` lord of the flies '' . 
  i can understand people that joined the others , but why did someone start running and yelling in the first place when he saw a hummer going 15 km/h behind a man on a camel is beyond me , especially when no one close to the car was reacting . 
  10 years ago this would never have happened . 
  i am just saying that is has succeeded in making people scared shitless . 
  there is always a supervising official of the municipality present . 
  he cancelled the event immediately after seeing what went on . 
  i presume the police were called in afterwards to disperse the event ( there is always a lot of policemen on old town square ) . 
  you can not simply ban such things . 
  there is a right to freedom of expression and congregation and the rule of thumb is to allow events like this unless there is a very real chance of public danger . 
  considering this was just a bunch of guys in fake burkhas driving slowly behind a camel , i can see why the town municipality did not expect this . 
  here is a [ video ] ( http://www.parlamentnilisty.cz/arena/monitor/video-allahu-akbar-konvickovci-vtrhli-jako-teroriste-na-staromak-a-strileli-turiste-v-panice-prchali-449946 ) of said `` simulation '' . 
  the media are painting it like they drove onto the square guns blazing , whereas in reality it was just a sad theatre performed by a bunch of cretins . 
  if this can provoke mass panic then the islamic state has indeed won the propaganda war . 
  well , if we judge from previous documented systemic underreporting of the extent of siberian wildfires by the russian government ( as proven by photos from space ) , it is only natural to presume they are either lying or deliberately misleading once again . 
  my example was bad though , hyperinflation is an extreme event same as the great depression . 
  deflation was not the cause of it , but just the symptom . 
  i thought about it and read some articles and [ this one ] ( http://political-economy.com/is-deflation-bad/ ) just about sums up my views . 
  any thoughts about the arguments there ? 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  i know this is a basic theoretical concept , but has it ever been observed in practice ? 
  i am just curious , everyone knows about the weimar hyperinflation but i have never heard of any major real-world example of the negative effects of deflation . 
  i appreciate your argument and i think it is a very interesting line of thought . 
  but would n't the detriment to business also mean higher unemployment ? 
  also the answer to your question depends on whether you , like early economists and communist , believe that value of a thing is derived from the social capital required to produce it , not by the amount of pleasure it gives to its recipient . 
  by definition , asylum seekers are taken in because it is mandatory to give them asylum .
