first time i heard the german dub . 
  vader is way better than the english original . 
  wow , that is * much * larger than i would have expected . 
  i wonder how many people passing it actually know who he was . 
  at least it looks cool . 
  i always thought masaryk was one of the people who commanded respect just because of their appearance . 
  edit : my grandmother actually still remembers him riding a horse through our street in prague . 
  he did it as a form of therapy . 
  imagine that now , obama riding through dc meeting people . 
  it truly was a different age . 
  please do not take this fat degenerate swine as a representative of the czech people . 
  he is a spiteful old man who is trying to destroy everything the president 's office is meant to stand for . 
  he is a massive cunt , a bile-spewing goblin , a cretinous lecher , an all-out motherfu **** . 
  fuck him and everything he stands for . 
  well , the positive effect of britain getting fucked in the a ** is that no one else will want to leave for a long , long time afterwards . 
  ( i am however sorry for the working class leave voters and the elderly . 
  when british economy inevitably tanks they will be the first to be thrown overboard . ), 
  well , his tenure as finance minister coincided with one of the strongest growth levels of any country in the eu , the coalition government is highly functional compared to the previous one and ( in my opinion ) other parties and some political commentators are so afraid of him that they blame him for things he did not do or say or misinterpret his words , so that when he says something really unacceptable , people are easily persuaded it is another example of media bias . 
  if you want to train some more i suggest [ seterra ] ( http://online.seterra.net/en/fl/2010 ) . 
  fun way to show off your geography skills . 
  hussite wars , the time when , [ to quote this excellent article about jan \u017di\u017eka ] ( http://www.badassoftheweek.com/zizka.html ) , `` bohemian '' meant `` crotch-obliterating czech hardass '' rather than `` starving artist living in a marijuana-filled loft above a defunct chinese restaurant listening to bob dylan '', 
  i was using hitler only as an example that people are not `` always wiser '' , which was a quote by davis davis in the linked article . 
  in no way did i imply brexit is similar to the rise of the nazis . 
  you can check that in my original post . 
  quite ironic that instead of the presidential election , you linked the federal election which hitler won , which was also the reason hindenburg appointed him chancellor . 
  his election was though ... 
  no it is not . 
  it is also not the point i tried to make when reacting to the quote . 
  btw , if peaceful elections are ok , does that mean that you think the germans were right when they elected hitler ? 
   `` the important thing about democracy ... right down through the ages the people have always been wiser than the rulers . 
  that 's the saving grace of it . '' as evidenced by the death of socrates , execution of the eight * strategoi * after the battle of arginusae , the reign of savonarola and any other historical example of mob rule , the iranian revolution , the election of adolf hitler , hugo chavez , donald trump , rodrigo duterte , the scuppering of the farc agreement ... also  `` look , could anyone tell me a general election in which everything said was capable of being repeated on oath ? 
  answer : no , never . 
  does that means its ok ? 
  well , the thing is the german `` open borders '' policy made more of the migrants come . 
  also how do you think the migrants got to hungary ? 
  most of them came from greece . 
  as i said , it all comes down to controls at external borders of the eu . 
  there is difference between solidarity pre-approved by everyone ( such as the distribution of eu funds ) and solidarity that is forced unto you . 
  the v4 countries never agreed with western immigration policies and were livid at the `` open germany '' mindset of mrs. merkel ( as were many germans themselves ) . 
  the quotas are ineffective anyway , as the refugees ( or economic migrants to be precise , a fraction of the `` refugees '' correspond to the legal definition of the term ) want to go to germany , sweden or britain and no one can stop them since we have open borders . 
  there was a pilot program in the czech republic to take in 200 or so iraqis and it had to be discontinued after about a half of them fled to germany even though they were given free accomodation and language lessons . 
  maybe italy and greece should pick how many migrants they take by strengthening border control . 
  as far as i understand , they do not want outside help as it would , in their view , undermine their sovereignity . 
  anyone else thinks the picture looks like the pig is sticking its head between the legs of a dirty woman ? 
  do n't know what is wrong from '' `` benefiting '' from low interest rates . 
  it 's like saying you `` benefit '' when only you and another guy are eligible for a loan , but the lender found out the other guy is a gambling addict . 
  you are going to get better terms , but is that something that should be blamed on you ? 
  no , it is not . 
  where did you get your 100 billion $ figure ? 
  are you aware significant amounts of greek debt were restructured ? 
  yes , the political pressures were also internal from german lenders . 
  that changes nothing abut the fact germany 's taxpayers will be the ones to pay . 
  my country will not be negatively affected by germany as the czech republic is not a member of the eurozone . 
  the southern countries are damaged by northern competitiveness which is a flaw of the euro . 
  they themselves assented to being a part of the single currency though and they got enough money from cheap loans and fund transfers that they should have been able to offset this disadvantage . 
  that they did not do so is the fault of those countries , not of germany . 
   i get why italians , and other southern europeans are angry . 
  they 've really been given the short end of the stick with the current economical and fiscal framework . 
  are you shitting me ? 
  these countries benefit from the fact they can ( or could ) get loans at a much lower interest rate because they are members of the eurozone . 
  the fiscal framework was designed in such a way because a fiscal union means that if the country gets into trouble by borrowing to much , it can not devaluate its currency so it either has to go bankrupt or undergo a massive internal devaluation ( which is almost impossible because people never agree to having their wages lowered ) . 
  its their own fault they broke every fiscal rule in the book . 
  greece should have gone bust but other countries had to bail it out because of insane political pressures . 
  that means that the eu has basically become a transfer union creating a massive moral hazard . 
  if countries borrow cheap loans and overspend they are not punished in any way . 
  the germans are angry because its * them * who has to pay it in the end . 
  also please tell me what the fuck is an `` allowed surplus '' . 
   asylum is not a granted constitutional right . 
  you should read the czech constitution before making any statements about it . 
  article 43 of the charter of fundamental rights and basic freedoms :  the czech and slovak federal republic shall grant asylum to aliens who are being persecuted for the assertion of their political rights and freedoms . 
  asylum may be denied to a person who has acted contrary to fundamental human rights and freedoms . 
  bad example - the velvet divorce was just a dissolution of federal institutions and the transfer of power to regional governments which have existed for 20 years already at the time . 
  state symbols changed and state property was divided but economic ties and , even more important , laws did not change . 
  compare this to a breakup of a country which had to apply european regulations and directives for 40 years from a system of economic integration which was the basis of most of its trade agreements in the last 20 years or so . 
  that 's something completely different . 
  as a czech i can not but see this as exactly the kind of logic that led to the munich agreement . 
  when i 've been to trolltunga , i was fascinated by the people who went on the trek and waded through snow and mud in white sneakers and casual everyday clothing . 
  the thing is ( and now we are talking on the * macro * not individual level ) , if they are not sexist or homophobic , they are not part of the culture . 
  `` culture '' as a whole is not objectively defined , it is more the distilled thoughts and actions of the majority of society . 
  if most people in a country are ok with gays getting the death penalty and women being hindered in freedom of expression , education and civic participation then i can also assume most people from that country will held these beliefs when they come to my country . 
  it is then only logical that i would either want them to prove their loyalty to our society ( by learning our language and conform to our societal views for example ) or not come at all , even if it creates an unnecessary burden for some individuals . 
  does that make me a xenophobe ? 
  there is an institute called `` registered partnership '' which is similar to marriage ( the right to see your partner at the hospital or right of inheritance ) but with several differences ( easier `` divorce '' , no common property of spouses ) . 
  there is currently a small controversy about a draft of a new law making it a possibility to adopt the child of the partner , but generally the partners can adopt a child together if they want to . 
  these are just laws , but the climate of the society is very liberal . 
  no one cares if you are gay or not , unlike in the west where it is often touted as an integral part of your public image . 
  one of our most respected news anchors and a former government minister ( now an mep ) are gay and most people dont even know it when i tell them , because it is not considered important . 
  i am also told prague is a popular destination among gay tourists . 
  czechoslovakia was also one of the first countries to decriminalise homosexuality ( in the early 60 's ) . 
  edit : actually i misled you , adoption of children by registered partners is illegal , but after a recent verdict of the constitutional court which overthrew a ban on partners adopting as individuals , the government stated that it wants to repeal this law . 
  edit n2 : good [ overview ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_czech_republic ) on wikipedia . 
  you are welcome . 
  i actually think the view on multiculturalism is the main difference between `` east '' and `` west '' . 
  i once talked to a german girlfriend of a friend about how i consider a culture where women are considered inferior and homosexuals face prison time or death barbaric and she said i am talking like a racist . 
  well , foreign people i talked to about this said that it is harder to make friends here but once you do make them , they are great . 
  i think this may have something to do with the general distaste of czechs for fake smiles and pleasantries - consequentially they are said to be cold and distant , whereas it is just that the waitress is not being asked by her employer to have a sunny disposition when she just had a shit day . 
  it has its benefits too . 
  for example our politicians lie and steal but i have yet to see one who speaks only in calculated bullshit phrases like you see so often in the west . 
  no , he said this * should have been * the solution . 
  it is too late now .
