my two points are not contradictory . 
  education wo n't help you understand religion unless your education is about topics that lead to having a really good understanding of religion , or you 're just a very insightful person . 
  poor people are more estranged from the material world , so they tend to grasp religion a little easier . 
  if you live a more affluent lifestyle , the material benefits of that make it more difficult to understand theology . 
  also your straw man attacks are pretty pathetic . 
  no real religious actually claims belief in pink magical elephants . 
  in fact , you 're only demonstrating your lack of understanding religion by trying to foil religion by describing purely material things , like an exotic animal or faraway galaxy . 
  religion is not about material objects . 
  a good starting point to theology is to ask what it means to be . 
  ontology is always fun . 
  you do raise an important point , however , which is that religious people can easily be led to believe in superstition and things which defy logic . 
  that 's not really what religion is about , but human beings are prone to these errors . 
  in fact , even completely non-religious people exhibit superstitious thoughts and behaviors . 
  i 'm sorry , but why do you feel entitled to assuming you 're right , but others do n't share that entitlement ? 
  let 's assume for a second that your wrong . 
  ready ? 
  ok great , thanks for letting me win the argument . 
  you actually did not logically prove anything i said to be false . 
  you said that people with less education are more religious , which i agreed to and offered a valid explanation for . 
  my explanation for why more educated people are n't more religious is because they studied things other than religion or subjects relevant to religion . 
  being an expert in physics , for example , is n't going to make you understand god better than a poor person . 
  it can make you more of a self-righteous asshole , though , which is a category i can see you fitting into . 
  i actually studied things relevant to religion , which is why i used an appeal to authority . 
  also you have yet to bring forth any actual explanation for why my beliefs are ridiculous ( you do n't even know what they are ) . 
  you just started going off making generalizations and mischaracterizing my thought because according to your fifth grade atheist logic , `` religion is dumb . '', 
  that 's because wealth alienates . 
  when you 're trapped in a materialistic world , it 's hard to understand religion . 
  poor people are a bit more spiritual because they have to be to survive . 
  guess what their phd 's are n't in ? 
  anthropology , theology , etc. 
  modern western civilization is precisely the alienating factor that creates people who do n't / ca n't understand religion . 
  hence atheism being very popular in the eu . 
  your claims are useless because they do n't benefit anyone in anyway . 
  religion is part of being human and psychologically healthy , and the point is not to be superstitious but to have a coherent worldview and a way to express yourself spiritually in an individual and communal context . 
  lots of kids today who are atheists come from such a dysfunctional and alienating background that they just ca n't `` get '' religion . 
  i 'm sorry but you did n't give any serious reason for me not to believe in it . 
  why would n't i ? 
  not to disappoint , but i think when someone seriously studies comparative religion or religion from an anthropological standpoint , it 's hard not to regard all religions as equally true/valid , or otherwise personal/communal and subjective . 
  all religions have some aspects in common , and they are also all unique , which makes defining what religion is difficult . 
  i did choose a religion because i felt that one was definitely the right fit for me . 
  : 1 . dedicated or consecrated to god or a religious purpose ; sacred . 
  does holy mean something else in other peoples minds ? 
  would n't this alliance technically be holy ? 
  also delicious , i might add, 
   seasonal fruit ? 
  in norway in the middle of the winter ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  there may be some berries or something . 
  not to mention the tasty moss and bark . 
  you could make some amazing desserts with all that !, 
  because i studied theology and comparative religion . 
  i can tell that you have n't . 
  i disagree . 
  france needs to be sent to its room . 
  even if they were still religiously muslim , islam itself has no inherent basis in race/ethnicity or national identity . 
  for example , i 'm a polish american who was born and raised in the us and converted to islam in adulthood . 
  i 'm not `` refusing to assimilate '' by belonging to a religion . 
  i 'm more american than protestant christians in france . 
  french muslims are more french than my catholic grandmother . 
   rise and fall of the ussr 's influence in eastern europe . 
  or just the rise and fall of the ussr ? 
  iran , as everybody knows , is a cat, 
  what will they think of next, 
  tajikistan : september 9th, 
  but then the question is what caused society to condemn it and not , say , broccoli ? 
  i think you misunderstood the nature of my comment . 
  i 'm not saying that homosexuality is unnatural ( of course it 's natural ) , but it 's also a fact that humans have a problem with it . 
  societies across the globe and throughout history have either condemned or simply refused to condone homosexuality . 
  there are exceptions . 
  you affirmed this point of view in your own comment when you said homophobia can only be found in one species ( human ) , although i 'm not entirely sure if that is true , but it probably is the most severe case . 
  the reason why i pointed this out is to show that islam is not uniquely opposed to homosexuality , which we both agree on . 
  to be honest , any person who has a religion is going to say that their religious beliefs are more important than the secular laws of their country . 
  however , we must not forget the fact that generally secular laws and religious rules coexist quite easily , and that islamic tradition has a strongly supportive stance of upholding the rule of law . 
  it 's a core tenet of muslim faith to abide by the laws of the country in which you live . 
  ask any christian point blank , `` is what jesus says more important , or what your government says ? '', 
  if they answer `` jesus '' to this question , what do we do ? 
  paint them as anti-establishment radicals ? 
  this has in fact happened in the past , such as in the case of the now exonerated martin luther king , jr. , who used his religious beliefs to politically oppose policies in his own country . 
  it should come as no surprise then that if you ask a muslim whether their religion or their government is more important , they 'll say their religion . 
  that does n't automatically make them extreme nut jobs . 
  as for homophobia and anti-semitism , the homophobia can be explained by the fact that it 's human nature to reject homosexuality . 
  the majority of human beings dislike it to some degree , and there are many cases of popular opposition to laws promoting homosexuality in western culture ( as the survey points out that such attitudes are similarly held by christians ) . 
  the notion that islam is somehow unique or ushering some kind of foreign influence is nonsensical here . 
  as for the anti-semitism , it is unfortunate but not surprising given the fact that israel does everything it does under the banner of `` judaism . '', 
  asking muslims how they feel about jews is like asking americans how they feel about japanese right after pearl harbor . 
  you will undoubtedly encounter negative views , even though they are not justified . 
  so really , there is nothing particularly special or shocking here . 
  of course people will try to put their crazy spin on how muslims are trying to take over and ca n't integrate into society , but to that i simply yawn . 
  americans eat them , although it 's not the most popular snack . 
  they 're quite easy to get anywhere here . 
  america is just a cultural offshoot of europe . 
  they both have idiotic ideas of cultural superiority and self-importance . 
  judging by the comments on this story , and seeing how stupidly racist and bigoted so many europeans are , i actually would n't mind having foreigners taking over europe and wiping out europeans ' `` native '' culture if it means getting rid of this shit . 
  europe is full of itself , and finds itself in a world that ever increasingly no longer has a use for it , its economy , its history , or its culture . 
  you want to know why immigrants are failing to adopt your culture ? 
  because it 's shitty and they do n't want it . 
  yes , they only want your money ; try improving your culture and maybe they 'll want that too . 
  if tito were here he 'd fix this, 
  leave no trace of serbia ... no trace , i say . 
  yeah , basically the same thing .
