i think that if it was n't for turkey being a somewhat westernish safety buffer between isis contested territory and europe , then the eu would never have tolerated erdogan 's antics as much as they have now . 
  they just really do n't want a divided turkey right now as civil war leads to famine and an angry population , which 'd be candyland for isis recruiters . 
  isis itself is n't a risk no , but the effects of isis on western population , causing fear through threats and the resulting measures against these threats do not always benefit western politics . 
  and that 's the nature and goal of most terrorist groups , they know they ca n't take on the western world directly , at best they make their people believe they can do so just to gain recruits , but they do know they can affect entire nations by spreading terror , hence they are * terror * ists . 
  but is it , technically ? 
  in the netherlands access to a library for all citizens has been a legal right for a long time , with the internet being an extension of that right by being a digital library , accessible from just about any library in the country today . 
  in that light , many countries may have passed this law already also , although worded indirectly . 
  the quality of 100mbit/s countrywide is very novel though , and promising . 
  if only the same could be said about our house of representative 's egos . 
  the only reason why turkey has been turned a blind eye so much by the us and eu is because they 're the only buffer consisting of a somewhat semi-western civilization between the west / europe and isis . 
  if there was n't a chance that civil war in turkey would give free way for isis to set serious roots , then they 'd never have endorsed erdogan 's schemes these past few months . 
  i wonder if it could go so far as that the eu over time replaces export/import with china or other large nations , while hammering out agreements with those nations to mutually deprioritize the uk . 
  it 'd be childish , but the voc and similar trading companies centuries ago played the same trick to get nations back into their pocket . 
  unfavourable sounds as bullying , intentional sabotage on europe 's part . 
  the context makes europe the villain . 
  tough comes over as a just deserved , a response to an unfair action , a verdict . 
  the context makes europe the morally higher standard , the mature parent chastising a rowdy child , although also self-righteous . 
  or that 's how i interpret the difference . 
  they mean the same , but they give a different nuance towards how europe approaches the situation . 
  `` does that include waterboarding ? '', 
  * in other news , wine prices skyrocket due to sudden wine scarcity , greatly benefiting crav winemakers . 
  my significant other is finnish and speaks with increasing concern about the possibility of postings with pre-emptive measures in mind under the guise of being for defensive purposes , as to appease other european forces in order to receive help in return when needed because of not being in nato as long as no decisive referendum is held . 
  he believes if russia decides to do something stupid that actions of external defense ( e.g. 
  on allied soil ) will be sweet talked as actions taken with the defense of finland in mind , or scratch my back and we scratch yours policies . 
  it worries him sickly . 
  he 's trying to receive the dutch nationality before anything occurs either way , though for the most part as we 're moving in together in the coming year ( s ) regardless of any political climate . 
  urk is/was largely a fisher 's village . 
  because the population tends to stick together and somewhat avoids outsiders who are n't tourists , they 're often the victim of incest themed jokes in the netherlands . 
  volendam and spakenburg being two other places which are often compared with urk in that aspect . 
  it does n't help either that you may encounter people there with a double surname , in example : * mark koelenwijn koelenwijn * or * gerda de vries - de vries * . 
  a good week ago it was 30-35 centigrades , do n't bend the truth , this is a bad spill of weather . 
  we 're also famous for having post-summers ( na zomers ) , typically enjoying the weather that most countries have in june/july , but then around late august to mid september . 
  the problem with conscripting your entire population is that as soon as you send them outside your own borders beyond just protective duties , your citizens will riot very quickly when their sons and husbands are sent to their deaths for any other nation 's sake . 
  unlike career soldiers who sign up for duty elsewhere , conscripts are more likely to draw the line at defending their home . 
  this is highly ambiguous . 
  i 'm dutch and we had such official survey questions before during college hours , probably for the central bureau of statistics and some research papers and such . 
  we get them often and i do not usually bother to check , it takes a minute to fill in and it helps someone . 
  the question in that case was * `` do you believe in / support an extension of activities of the current role of the dutch military . 
  '' * my answer was no , i did not believe in our current mission in the mid-east , military failing of dutch forces for a large part allowed the massacre of srebrenica to happen . 
  but i do believe in their ability to defend the eu in coalition with other countries . 
  i also trust them to not be corrupt to the point of pillaging or looting while abroad which some other nations do stand accused of . 
  so this chart is vague , how do these people trust their countries military ? 
  the citizens of a very corrupt nation may trust its military to keep the enemy away from the borders , but may not trust them during martial law as they might violate and plunder their own citizens when growing restless or bored . 
  it 's just very vague . 
  whoopi goldberg 'd better get her sister act back together then . 
   i 'm not sure why people keep mentioning this . 
  why should i fight for someone i have never met here in the netherlands , but not fight for my brothers and sisters in belgium , germany and poland ? 
  there 's a big difference between belgium , germany and poland and lets say corruption-prone nations such as romenia or bulgaria where many struggles and skirmishes were about a few corrupt figures lining their pockets with gold at the cost of the lives of many people . 
  those countries are still far away from sorting out their problems , yet they are equal members of the eu . 
  lets say the turks join the eu in a decade . 
  erdogan has another conflict and we 're supposed to aid him now because we ca n't just say no to a european union member and leave them to die . 
  that would n't fly with me . 
   so we should n't bolster our defenses just because it might upset someone else ? 
  we ca n't let russia or the us dictate what we do . 
  what if they get mad because we win eurovision ? '', 
  oh my bad russia , please no cold war . '', 
  you 're strawmanning here . 
  we already have defenses , through nato and with the eu sticking together . 
  you 're making it sound like i 'm saying we should n't have defenses . 
  i never said that . 
  also please keep you arguments rational ? 
  eurovision is a ridiculous example . 
   there 's no reason that ca n't happen now . 
  if 60-70 percent of the people in the netherlands want this to happen with the dutch army , then it could happen . 
  i 'm not sure why you think this is an european army only issue . 
  another fallacy , of improbable hypothesis this time . 
  can and will happen are two different things . 
  no 60-70 % of the dutch will want the army to be in a position to oppress their citizens . 
   nato would be less important but not obsolete . 
  the eu has been very open to improving relations etc with other nations . 
  i do n't see why they would suddenly shut the door . 
  there 's no reason to suggest they will . 
  the eu needs open relations . 
  when it stands strong alone and can do whatever it wants with it 's own armies , that need may change . 
  power tends to corrupt , and absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
  or in layman 's words , if nobody can stop you , it 's tempting to do whatever you want to do . 
  right now by the eu needing armies to work together , that power is n't invested in one single cabal . 
  not at first but it opens a gateway to further agglomeration of members if at one point a number of politicians decide to push for such change . 
  just because it 's not on the brochure does n't mean it wo n't be on the table someday . 
  there 's a time and place for an eu army when the world is not as precarious as today . 
  as soldier you 'd end up fighting for purposes and causes that would have never concerned your national army . 
  have fun fighting in the boonies somewhere in impoverished eastern europe because two quasi-commies were having a pissing contest , shooting missiles over eachother 's border . 
  when there 's one big army , there 's no need for individual countries choosing to support an action or not . 
  this can lead to abuse . 
  when a war is otherwise impossible because it 's injust and individual eu armies refuse to join in the fighting , a european army can do whatever it wants when it wants as long as whoever is in charge makes a decision . 
  a massive eu army will be seen as a threat and may kickstart a cold war with not only russia , but also the us if it turns more right-winged in the coming years under trump , or with china . 
  if the political trend in the eu becomes increasingly right winged , the eu can abuse the army to presure its citizens into accepting change . 
  right now countries can still put a foot in the door by having their own armies , because nobody wants infighting in the eu . 
  with a european army , we may become tempted to step away from nato , which will result in a deterioration of western relations . 
  the us may pull out too when we do . 
  the continents would become more isolated . 
  ( edit : added ) just because countries will initially maintain autonomy through national armies does n't mean that those national armies wo n't be abolished over time . 
  give a finger and the eu wants the whole hand . 
  the eu has worked so far because everyone chipped in and compromised for eachother , a respect thine neighbour policy , a healthy amount of suspicion that 's amiable enough to trust eachother and work together . 
  give one cabal the reins and people wo n't like where it steers them . 
  it seems they put the hate in hatemo\u011flu . 
  probably discipline the offending member , perhaps kicking them out . 
  maybe it 's time someone from some agency somewhere serves the man a nice cup of dioxin-laced shut the **** up . 
  the man has become a political timebomb . 
  it 's better to disarm him pre-emptively than letting him proverbally detonate , causing a lot of irreparable damage .
