  white for the bride and a darker colour ( often blue , grey or black ) for the groom . 
  the guests , when male , often come in whatever suit or tuxedo they have available ( again , often a dark colour ) , or alternately their neatest clothes . 
  women often wear a dress of choice , usually not matching . 
  however , muricanization has led to an increase of people who want to have an american style wedding . 
  another example of this is that sweet 16 's are becoming a huge cultural trend here , also an idea adopted from the us . 
  clarification for others : the family named tokkie starred in a dutch television program . 
  they were known to be particularly obnoxious , confrontational , unadjusted and anti-social ( to the point of picking fights with people ) . 
  that eventually led to the term ` tokkie ' , which is generally an anti-social ( often white ) welfare bum . 
  not that much , dutch are a fairly cynical and pragmatic people . 
  hurried , but sensible , although a fair amount of people exceed the speed limit when possible . 
  it 's frowned upon if you ca n't merge quickly on the road because dutch culture is a bit about trying not to draw negative attention . 
  if you do , or take it slow , people may sound their horn because you 're a potential risk on the road and why would a driver want to have his life at risk because you refuse to practise merging in traffic ? 
  that , basically . 
  i think that in most eu countries it 's limited to having a classic car . 
  in the netherlands you may use a replica of an old license plate ( without the eurostars ) as long as the car meets certain conditions to be recognized as an antique . 
  it 's hard to say because no doubt the greek government and the greek people are not one and the same . 
  about the greek government i think the common opinion is that they want a lot , but are willing to do very little in return as a compromise ( * `` give us the money , thanks europe , no we wo n't change our policies by your suggestions '' * ) . 
  about the people , i hear they 're mostly friendly , but flamboyant when pushed . 
  loud but hospitable . 
  generally no , primary financial needs are covered . 
  but many choose to do so because they want to pay for secondary needs ( luxuries such as good foods , snacks , a computer , games , going out ) . 
  it is however not mandatory . 
  some educations do expect a part-time apprenticeship to give you an insight in how the job industry works . 
  but students often complain that the experience is very artificial , because a company either wants to make a good impression and creates tasks or scenarios dissimilar from reality , or the experience is negatively when they are not trusted with any serious job-related tasks . 
  this periods are called a * stages * over here , pronounced staa-chiz . 
  geographically , depending on your atlas , russia may or may not also be asia . 
  but generally beyond the turkish straits and urals . 
  politically , they rarely still mention asia as they instead refer to individual countries because no two countries are the same and can not be categorized as plainly * ` asia ' * anymore . 
  doing so is often seen as ignorant and something of the past century when our intimate knowledge of all countries east of europe was very limited . 
  you 're hired . 
  you can start tomorrow . 
  our offices are currently in america . 
  on a serious note . 
  ride this one out . 
  soon president or not , trump has other bodies of the government he has to take into account . 
  he 'll tone down . 
  with how mad kim jong un is as of late , he 'll either see this man flayed or promote him to viceroy . 
  that depends on how you plan to marry . 
  europe is n't las vegas , where you marry overnight with approval of a pastor dressed as elvis . 
  so i doubt anyone can give you a legal marriage during a vacation . 
  but if you settle becoming a citizen of a european eu country , or if one partner holds that nationality , then mostly yes . 
  that does n't prevent you from having a non-binding marriage ceremony for the ceremony if you want it quietly without family or close ones finding out . 
  but it would n't be binding then , you would not be legally married , it 'd be a ceremony for the sake of being ceremonial . 
  but for some people that 's already enough . 
  i think with more and more young people having access to the internet and thus a library worth of knowledge and information , a more rational and united generation will rise when the more conservative babyboomers finally check out . 
  a generation that cares less about labeling themselves with a nationality , preferring to see themselves as a western society with common interests . 
  i 'm more worried for conservative nations such as russia facing internal revolutions and civil wars over younger generations who will want to put democracy and liberty ( important things ) ahead of traditionalism , nationalism and patriarchy . 
  the likes of putin however wo n't let that fly without cracking down , in particular when the grey generation things out and starts to desperately put its foot down in a last effort at preserving their obsolete values ( which may not carry value for a younger generation ) . 
  there 's more east european youth protesting every year , not wanting to be differentiated as east ( or west ) european . 
  i think when religion and tradition start taking uninvolved tertiary roles in europe and not a secondary or even primary role in some nations politics , the eu will evolve into something stable that survives . 
  you generally need to renounce citizenship . 
  in the past thirty or so years we had a huge influx of north-african and mid-eastern immigrants ( their economy was so different that a even minimal wage in the netherlands back in those years equalled what was a fortune for them back home ) . 
  they figured out a system to abuse a dual nationality to avoid paying many taxes while still getting full child-support up to 6 children ( they often listed nephews and nieces as their children due to shoddy paperwork in their country ) and medical benefits by landing a job , abusing job-security/discrimination laws to keep onto that job while going on long-term paid sick leave . 
  after a decade they then shipped this money to their families back home where that amount of money bought you ten times the things it buys you in the netherlands before migrating back again , being almost as rich as kings back in their own country . 
  these loopholes are largely patched by having no dual nationality . 
  the long , full story is ofcourse far more complicated than this . 
  since it 'd be discrimination to demand that someone renounces previous citizenship only when from one part of the world and not another , it goes for everyone now ( although exemptions remain ) . 
  so common that an increasing amount of secondary schools / high schools have a bilingual system ( tweetalig onderwijs ) in place where classes are taught in english and not in dutch . 
  why ? 
  because english has become the most practical world language and most business are all international now . . 
  yes , there 's 17 million people living in a country roughly the size of the state of maryland . 
  as for aging , all the babyboomers are now retiring or have recently done so ( in the netherlands the retirement age is now at 67 years old i believe ) . 
  we do , but in different form no doubt . 
  places such as the store jamin sell many types of old-school candy , of which many are of american origin . 
  in example : [ dutch candy ] ( http://www.ocramoptical.nl/diverse/slides/snoepgoed.jpg ), 
  this is largely not true . 
  in the netherlands , eating out in a decent restaurant is quickly around 100 euro/dollar per person for a three course meal , including wine . 
  a coffee , two sandwiches and a slice of cake is about 12 , maybe 15 euro/dollar a person . 
  this does n't include junk food , which is generally always take-away with the option to briefly sit at a table to wolf it down before the staff stares at you with the intent you leave . 
  i find it strange that restaurant owners do not have to pay much higher wages to personnel . 
  over here they pay full wages . 
  if a restaurant owner ca n't afford that , he goes bankrupt , simple as that . 
  he should have spent more time looking at what cities have a good percentage of people who like to eat and restaurants , as well as what kind of people he caters to ( in rich areas , people go to gourmet restaurants , in poorer areas it 's better to run a diner or fastfood joint ) . 
  in inefficient waitstaff gets fired . 
  if you live in a small town where people cook at home , you sell your house , move to the big city and start business there . 
  no excuses , no wage cuts . 
  instead tips are usually for extra services , if the waitstaff is overly polite and does an excellent job . 
  it is a reward only here , not mandatory . 
  perhaps cutting restaurant owners slack with the tipping culture is part of the american dream principle , where anyone with the wish and enough finances can start their own business . 
  in the netherlands we do not share that vision and business owners are of a certain stock , insightful and capable . 
  we tend to say that those who ca n't stand the heat should get out of the kitchen . 
  if someone is n't smart enough to run a business , he should submit to that fact and work as an employee for people who can run a successful business . 
  maybe we are harsh over here . 
  ups and downs . 
  pros : * less likely to have politicians who 'd stage a coup as private national armies are out of the question . 
  * foot-in-the-door principle : with one big united army , the us , russia and china can not push us around . 
  while we have nato , that unity is fragile as continental interests may not always be in one line . 
  * better intercommunications leads to a more efficient army with less bureaucracy . 
  if you need to wait on the leaders of spain and france to agree with the german and dutch leaders , while the italians and swedes will only act if all countries agree unanimously , then whatever window of opportunity that presented itself will have closed . 
  * one unified army ensures that the quality of all military troops is of one and the same standard . 
  in example right now the netherlands has about 60,000 active and 30,000 reservist military personel who are all very well and hard trained and equiped with the highest tier of equipment available , but finland has mostly a reservist-only army which while counting about 1,000,000 reservist soldiers , all have limited basic training and aged equipment ( a lot of our obsolete vehicles and equipment of the dutch forces , which were already held onto for too long , have been sold to finland to replace their even older vehicles and equipment ) . 
  a unified army would see to it that all countries would use top tier equipment and would receive thorough training . 
  cons : * impossible to reverse . 
  disbanding a unified army and equiping and reorganizing individual national armies would be a logistical hell . 
  many cold-war era enemies would use the opportunity to retake territory they believe should be theirs in the chaos . 
  * nato and a unified european military could n't properly co-exist in its current form . 
  instead the us and european military would strike alliances . 
  * current uk situation . 
  the uk would probably want to stay independent . 
  this would cause friction if europe forms a military force which perhaps after a decade is comparable to that of the us once it starts to increase the number of european soldiers , ships and airplanes .
