  it has the hallmarks of a cult . 
  you do not just get to say whether or not you 're a religion . 
  by that definition jim jones ' people church would be all dandy too , with their fateful ritual suicide being nothing other than a religious practise . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  the dutch lightbulb on the map : or how to cram 17 million people into a country the size of maryland . 
  it 's sort of clever . 
  us travelers will become disgruntled and presure their president to change the law . 
  europe has to do nothing besides changing the visa conditions for us citizens . 
  then you 've got my upvote . 
  back in the day when coca cola contained more coca than cola . 
  welcome to europe , where buying politicians and magistrates a baja beach house does n't make them look the other way when conducting questionable business . 
  ~ ~ not sure if you 're serious or mocking gay marriages now . 
  opinions on polygamy are still so divided . 
  it depends on your stance on polygamous marriage , which is n't clear here . ~ ~, 
  better late than never , i honestly am surprised that germany did not yet legalize gay marriage , i thought they might have long ago . 
  i guess one learns something new every day . 
  i 'm happy for them . 
  i never understood why religious folks always say they feel the validity of their marriage is threatened by gay marriage . 
  is n't to a religious person only a marriage held in church , officiated by a priest considered to be a true marriage ? 
  since to my knowledge most gay couples do not marry in front of a priest in church , but rather by a secular officiant ? 
  so as far as religious folks are concerned , should n't gay marriages not taken in church be harmless to them anyway ? 
  it makes the whole damn ' i feel threatened blah blah my sacred bows ' argument kind of irrelevant and sound like a petty excuse to attack gay marriages . 
  i just ca n't understand ( or sympathise ) with religious folks who keep yelling their vows are threatened by gay marriage becoming legal . 
  they could take sanctions in the worst case , in example shops not being allowed to import and sell android phones anymore . 
  for another example , back when microsoft only included their own internet explorer in windows 7 without offering alternatives ( ie was seen as a security risk due to its reputation of being prone to viruses and exploits ) , the eu threatened to ban the sale of windows 7 in europe because they found microsoft exploited people 's ignorance about there being potentially safer alternatives ( your average grandmother does not know what firefox , chrome or ie is and simply clicks ` that internet icon ' ) . 
  since that 'd ruin microsoft , they had to go with a choice menu in windows 7 asking if you want internet explorer or an alternative . 
  maybe they need to implement a system where refugees who commit crimes have to spend the remainder of their refuge in a specially allocated refugee commune . 
  then as soon as syria is safe again , these particular refugees get put on the first plane home , while those who behave well are considered for alternatives and aid programs . 
  as incentive , refugees who behave well , who learn the language and actively contribute to the host country where they are staying could ask for permanent asylum as long as they 're not leeching without working . 
  in example , people who came here as a young teen and during the decade of being a refugee went to school , learned the language and made it into college due to performing well at school . 
  even if refused , well behaved refugees could get help with reintegrating within their old home . 
  however , refugees who have committed crimes during their stay are exempt from any kind of help and when returned home have to fend on their own . 
  i 'm not saying not to ban it , that 's a quiters attitude that wo n't benefit the children who get circumcised , but there 'll be consequences . 
  it 'd almost make a good premise for a novel or saturday-evening cinema popcorn movie of the alternate history genre , where survivors return to rome and tell stories of an empire rivaling their own resulting in a fictional emperor declaring an expansion campaign into the east , leading to conflict . 
  i fully agree that non-medical circumcision should be banned . 
  i am however worried that this will inevitably lead to ` abortion boat ' like scenarios where self-proclaimed doctors of various religious or cultural groups will instead perform the circumcision on in example jewish or muslim boys , resulting in infections or death because of bad aftercare and lack of expertise . 
  i think the whole issue should also be tackled at the root , by creating a negative image among the involved cultures concerning circumcision so that it becomes decreasingly requested . 
  and maybe if you were n't circumcised you 'd experience whole new levels of euphoria you never knew existed . 
  the benefits in terms of hygiene are a lie and relates to american pee-pee culture : the unwillingness to clean ones genitals properly because they conceive it as icky resulting in complications . 
  sure , as a woman i can not place myself into your shoes , but nerve ends are still nerve-ends and anyone who had basic anatomy 101 knows that for a man the majority of nerve ends are in their foreskin . 
  if a child in western europe ( netherlands , germany , etc ) has foreskin problems , a doctor will tell the parents to use oil and carefully pull the skin back to gain some elasticity of the skin , with circumcision being only a last measure . 
  if you tell that to an american ( religious ) parent , they 'll sue you for what they conceive is suggested paedophilia . 
  hope for a very hot summer so that a lot of the older generation will croak ( cruel as that sounds , and is ) . 
  they 're more opposed to the eu than the younger generations . 
  realistically , wait it out , hope for a new agreement on cooperation a decade from now . 
  `` the dark side * clouds * everything , impossible to see , the future is . '', 
  ~ yoda, 
  indeed , this is clever and maybe one of the things that 's not entirely wrong . 
  now release the rabbits of caerbannog !, 
  make sure they 're close to starving . 
  the language can glue a lot of consonants together . 
  the joke is that there 's probably a guy named czwxnqstacz somewhere in their country . 
  it makes me think of the dutch * `` er zit een adder ( tje ) onder het gras '' * which means there 's a snake hidden in the grass . 
  it refers to something that appears beneficial on the surface , but which actually has a negative side to it which is left unmentioned with the sole purpose to avoid the tempted person from becoming dissuaded by a tempting offer . 
  then i will believe that victims of propaganda tend to propagate the lies they have come to assume as the truth without realizing it . 
  since from your point of view i 'm no doubt guilty of the same , i 'll agree to disagree since a discussion has no purpose or end-goal here , thus i 'll respect your opinion although i politely disagree . 
  the best strategy is probably to very subtly disarm or depopularize the role of religion in daiy life without demonizing it ( which causes people to only cling to religion harder ) . 
  in example by means of pro-agnostic or atheist education with science as the main drive , banning bible class ( quran class at muslim centric schools ) to be limited to private weekend school , again subtle enough over a long enough time to avoid a riot . 
  putting that into practise is a lot harder , though . 
  russians and north koreans claim to have free press too , yet we all know the amount of validity ( or rather a lack thereof ) to those claims . 
  is n't the uk regulating the internet more than enough already ? 
  a mate of mine had her pc confiscated in 2012 because she had a lengthy sympathetic correspondence with members of occupy london and blogged this correspondence online . 
  when she refused to divulge names and sources they bullshitted involvement by obstruction of a lawful investigation or whatnot and threatened with arrest , until her union rep stepped in who works part-time as a pro bono barrister-at-law . 
  as a dutch person used to no small amount of freedom of expression and privacy i almost could n't believe my ears when she told me . 
  i 'm afraid that those who really want to do harm will simply hide the fact that they 're muslim , or find converts of british birth and nationality to do their job . 
  they could have gone with an anglofied slang intead , * dein battle * or such . 
  in both dutch and german it 's growing increasingly popular to include english words in dutch sentences to make it sound more entertaining or fascinating . 
  germans are notorious for translating things , right down to voiceovers for mostly any movie . 
  that 's why it stands out . 
  it 's a thing of outsiders being afraid to insult a group , while that group would probably not be insulted . 
  i 'm in a wheelchair , people often have trouble naming that situation . 
  they do n't want to say disabled or wheelchair-bound . 
  so they come up with awkward terms such as * reduced motion able * or even * enabled disabled * . 
  i say i 'm disabled without a second thought , so it 's awkward when people make an issue of it while i 'm fine with it , it 's just an everyday word . 
  i bet the trees told him that , in person . 
  maybe he can talk to the walls too when he 's committed in the madhouse . 
  the problem is n't doubts , the problem is corruption . 
  a bribe to a judge here , scaring a few witnesses there , having the media in your pocket and you can legally execute an opponent , demonizing him through the media to avoid them becoming a martyr . 
  in the us or other larger countries , it 's very difficult if not impossible to pull that off . 
  but in the more corrupt parts of the world it 's easy as eating cake to abuse the death penalty . 
  his nickname prins pils ( prince ale/lager ) during his college years is one for sure . 
  not to mention how back in his childhood he told the press quite rudely to f * ck off for intruding so much in his life . 
  female , born and raised blue collar , calling * pot kettle black * given how important traditions for the sake of tradition are in the us , particularly for conservatists such as yourself . 
  resting my case on your proven ignorance ( not to mention dropping us is # 1 comments on the europe subreddit ) . 
  oh and here 's one for you too : / r/the _ donald but you probably already have it bookmarked . 
  when the guy does a state visit to other countries in the ` regeringstoestel ' ( our version of * air force one * ) , a fokker 70 , he often flies it himself instead of being a passenger . 
  some time ago that plane became too old and will be replaced with a boeing 737 . 
  so now he stubornly got himself schooled as a certified 737 pilot . 
  he has an atp-certificate ( airline transport pilot license ) . 
  he also participated in ( and finished ) a 200 kilometres long ice skating race long ago , using a false identity to avoid the agencies that would otherwise have likely prevented him from doing so for his own safety . 
  he had a 28 years long service with the air force , until the law forced him to retire if he were to become the new king . 
  during his training he refused a ceremonial role and served and took the same training as other airforce cadets and graduated as an airforce pilot . 
  there 's some pretty badass facts about him , as well as some outright silly ones . 
  it 's 2017 , american children still are n't educated about the world outside of their borders ? 
  royalty hold ceremonial roles in europe and no real power anymore . 
  abaddon the despoiler : * `` no-cadia-for-you !, 
  after 14 years they finally are . 
  with roboute guilliman having been revived and reinstated as lord commander as of march 2017 , having been fairly livid with the level of worship and superstition within the empire , sacking all those high lords of terra in his drive to revive the pre-heresy days empire , i 'm not sure if putting holy in front of terra is still exactly pc within the imperium . 
  currently , the netherlands has it at 67 . 
  usually not .
