  it 's quite similar to bavarian in a lot of areas , which makes it very easy to understand . 
  as someone from bavaria , the austrian dialects feel much closer to my own than e.g. 
  the northern or eastern german dialcts . 
   it was probably my favourite channel on tv next to rtl2 that sounds like saying your favourite musicians are mozart and lil wayne , lol, 
  it 's funny you mention morocco ; it actually once applied to the eu , but was dismissed because of geographical reasons . 
  that 's a weird way to spell a serbian film, 
  not an american shop , but in germany quite a few bigger supermarkets have `` american food '' sections , which usually have all sorts of popcorn , bbq sauce , enchiladas , tacos and a whole lot of other us-mexican food . 
  of all the cities i have seen , prague might have the best ratio of quality of life/cost of living . 
  it 's truly an amazing place !, 
  as much as i love my city , do not go to munich if money is an issue . 
  hardly anyone young can afford to live in the city anymore . 
  even the outskirts have gotten ridiculously expensive :-(, 
  so adapt the constitution , it 's not like it needs to be set in stone . 
  i do n't know what the requirements of that would be ; in germany for example , it 's a 2/3 majority in parliament as well as agreement of our equivalent of your senate . 
  i think one of the core issues a lot of voting issues come down to is the us 's lack of mandatory national passports/id cards issued to every citizen at e.g. 
  age 16 . 
  if everyone had a clear way of identifying themselves and their address registered with the government , you would just mail them a reminder about the election a couple of weeks ahead and then just cross out their name on your list once they show up . 
  this - in essence - is how we do it in germany and it works really well . 
  only mine inconvenience is to always update your address at the local city hall every time you move . 
  also helps a ton with organizing lots of other political issues like taxes , national health and unemployment insurance etc. 
  bonus feature : if you order `` soda '' , you will get sparkling mineral water . 
  i was confused for way too long why americans always went on about soda being unhealthy until i realized it means coke , sprite etc to them . 
  legally speaking , `` tafelwasser '' is a good-sounding term for tap water or any drink produced from tap water . 
  they legally ca n't call it anything else since that would imply it came from a spring or something . 
  quality-wise it 's below mineral water . 
  stop the indoctrination in schools . 
  this whole `` greatest country in the world '' thing is not only creepy , it also actively works against bringing about change . 
  at least you tried, 
  life is live !, 
  most people who are anti-brexit and pro scottish independence probably just want to remain part of the european union - on top of any potential anti-english sentiments they might or might not already have . 
  the most famous german news anchor of all time ( [ ulrich wickert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulrich_wickert ) once crossed the place de la concorde without looking left and right when he was young . 
  [ the video of it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0ckupzzkwa ) earned him instant fame all over germany and is considered a classic of german tv history . 
  infinite refills on your sodas . 
  * ( or that sodas are actually fanta , cola , sprite and not just water like what it means in german ) * so my friends and i are having dinner at this sports bar . 
  after my first glass of fanta , the waitress just grabs my glass and brings me a new one without asking . 
  it felt weird but i actually did want a second one so i did n't say anything . 
  however , once that glass was empty she also snatched that one away while i was n't looking and refilled it once again . 
  when i noticed i got quite angry , thinking it was some kind of trick they did to increase drink sales . 
  this time i made sure to only drink like 70 % of it , so that she could n't take it away again . 
  when the bill arrived we noticed she had only written down 1 drink for each one of us . 
  i was quite confused and asked her about it . 
  that 's when i learned about the joy of free refills . 
  later-on we also learned about the infinite-fries some places did . 
  one of my friends would get by with just infintie drinks + infinite fries for the entire time we stayed in the us . 
  he usually just paid something like $ 5 before tip and ended up eating and drinking more than everyone else in our group . 
  you should move to hannover . 
  but you 've probably been told that before . 
  yeah , it 's a small bag you get at a supermarket . 
  i had no idea what they meant when the guy asked me whether i needed a `` s\u00e4ckli '' . 
  here 's the craziest one i encountered : chuchi, 
  it 's not only the dialect which makes even basic words non-understandable to my ( bavarian ) ears , but also the words they use . 
  do you know what they mean with a `` s\u00e4ckli '' ? 
  thanks , true !, 
  it 's difficult for germans themselves to actually understand other people 's dialects . 
  unless both made a very serious efforts , my family in the deepest woods of south-eastern germany would have a hard time communicating with people from the northernmost regions . 
  and then there 's switzerland . 
  the way they speak borders on being a completly different language . 
   real logic i agree that genders are probably very hard to learn , but there definitely is logic to it . 
  just like in e.g. 
  spainish or latin , the ending of the word will determine its gender 99 % of times . 
  that 's why our word for girl is neutral , for example . 
  it 's just that we probably have like 15-20 different ways a word can end , which can make things complicated i guess . 
  a popular book about this is called : `` the dative is death to the genitive '' ok , this does n't really translate well into a language without declinations , lol . 
  my first two thoughts when i see nigeria are : - jay jay okocha - nigerian prince scam bonus : the guy who pulled a reverse-nigerian-prince scam by making the scammer hand-write ( !! ), 
  an entire book of harry potter for him . 
  schumacher is a good one , but i think when it comes to being world famous it 's probably some footballer . 
  i 'd say zidane is miles ahead of them . 
  do n't underestimate how popular and famous football is in the entire world . 
  a lot of people named in this thread are often just famous in europe and/or the us . 
   giannis adetokunbo never heard of him but i guess that 's because i 'm neither from greece or the us . 
  is there really no contemporary person in probably the arts that 's more famous ? 
  for politicians i wan na say varoufakis , but i doubt he 'd be well known enough outside of europe . 
  putin thinks : dead : lenin , / u/leratdeville living : putin, 
  i think when it comes to how many people in the world would know person x , then stalin ranks way ahead of any of them . 
  lenin is probably in second place , but already considerably behind . 
  just because we europeans also remember a lot of the famous russian authors does n't mean that a lot of people in all of africa and many parts of asia also know about them . 
  honestly , it 's probably some famous league of legends or dota player . 
   but nobody actually believes it . 
  it 's funny you mention this in a german vs austrian debate , because it 's one of the main arguments for mozart being austrian , not german . 
  even though mozart considered himself to be german , just like hitler did . 
  roy keane , i 'd say . 
  the netherlands have so many good djs . 
  which one is this ? 
  can only speak for germany : no such thing . 
  not even remotely close to being a thing . 
  except for lea , who still tirelessly wishes everyone a happy birthday . 
  good old lea . 
  maybe there are , but they 're usually tiny and not really relevant . 
  most germans just use the global social media services like twitter , fb etc. 
  for the `` german '' reddit equivalent we have 9gag . 
  it 's not a german website but german users make up the majority according to reddit . 
  other than that , i only know about xing as our equivalent to linkedin . 
  good point . 
  that 's something that 's viewed vastly different across all of society . 
  though i was assuming op was referring to current affairs that are currently being discussed/an issue right now . 
  i think neither of those is an issue that the country is heavily divided on . 
  some of these things you mention are very pressing issues , but it does n't feel like the country is split in two regarding those . 
  agreed on mostly everything . 
  between colleagues , my experience has been that the smaller the company , the more common the `` du '' is . 
  i think the only big differences are about how we should deal with future refugees .
