  howver , you can still buy `` animal protection spray '' . 
  `` pepper spray '' is illegal in germany , but they do sell `` animal protection spray '' which is basically the same but currently still legal to buy . 
  the best part is that they have someone else read schwarzenegger 's lines in the german version of his movies . 
  his german just sounds too hilarious for him to represent an action hero or terminator . 
  it 's the same guy who also voices sylvester stallone , john travolta , terence hill and dan aykroyd . 
  i really do n't think the czech accent is all that bad . 
  the part that always gets me is that many of my czech friends somehow never really know when the use `` the '' and when not to use it . 
  this will often lead to things like `` you take taxi to hotel '' or `` i had the vegetables for lunch '' i assume it mimics some quality of czech , but i do n't know for sure . 
  do you guys not use articles ? 
  how 's that guy doing ? 
  i noticed he quickly turned this into a living and even expanded , but i kinda lost interest after ~ 30 videos . 
  i think [ josef habermas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%bcrgen_habermas ) takes the cake . 
  we heat lead with a spoon over a candle until it melts . 
  we then quickly throw the liquid into water and whatever shape it takes is a sign for how your new year is gon na be like . 
  looks something [ like this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/9e/9f/8c/9e9f8c5cbd3b557cff198ba9558cbedb--a-bowl-new-years-eve.jpg ), 
  i had no idea . 
  the only italian insult i know is `` vaffanculo '', 
  being confused with belgium ? 
  ever since mccarthy the american society has underwent some serious brainwashing with regards to that , which persists to these days . 
  the cringe is real everytime i hear someone talk about socialism in europe . 
  is that seen as a real insult in italy ? 
  in german we will sometimes call other people mafioso for fun if we think they 're doing something semi-legal . 
  or if they 're wearing all-black clothes + sunglasses . 
  the earthquake of 1755 was so bad , it played a major role in the general theodicy discussions in europe and contributed to a shift in the way the problem was viewed . 
  during the hottest summer days in germany i sometimes shower 3x a day . 
  once in the morning , once after coming home from work and if the heat persists also once again before going to bed because it feels nicer . 
  but generally , just in the morning . 
  it is seen as a sign of financial irresponsibility because using a credit card is like taking out a loan . 
  taking out a loan is considered * inherently bad * here . 
  whether or not you eventually pay it back is secondary . 
  the thing that makes you look back is taking out a loan in the first place . 
  the only times when it 's considered acceptable is when you make purchases like buying a house or similar ; or when it 's a service that can only be booked with a credit card like some hotel rooms . 
  / edit : you might ask why taking out loans for everyday-item spending is viewed so negatively here . 
  it 's because at the core of it , you are not spending your own money but purchased something by borrowing the cash for it from someone else . 
  the reason this feels so insanely bizarre to us is that in europe , using a credit card/loan to for pretty much anything that could also be paid upfront instead is considered inherently bad . 
  like , really bad . 
  even when you pay your credit card bills on time , it is considered a sign of financial instability/irresponsibility . 
  this `` credit score '' system feels so weird to read about , especially because it apparently puts those people who never take out loans or use credit cards at a disadvantage over those who do . 
  in europe , unless it 's for a house or similar , taking out a loan is considered a sign of financial weakness and potential instability , even if you end up repaying it . 
  frankfurt was actually about to be chosen as the official capital . 
  out then-chancellor konrad adenauer actually did pull off a trick to `` con '' enough mops who had pledged their vote to frankfurt into voting for bonn instead . 
  i think the biggest impact has been my involvment with e-sports which would have likely never happened otherwise . 
  100 % agreed on florence and prague , those are some of the most beautiful cities i 've seen in europe . 
  paris , not so much , it was somewhat disappointing : - / other cities i loved a lot are edinburgh , amsterdam , barcelona . 
  also rome , even though it 's pretty dirty , the historic buildings more than make up for that !, 
  because it was a subject in primary school . 
  bavarian here . 
  we use schluchtenschei\u00dfer exclusively for austrians . 
  d\u00f6ner kebab is ** by far ** the most common street food in germany , which also has a comparatively really large turkish population . 
  it 's 99 % fashion . 
  i remember wearing an oakland raiders cap as a kid in the 90s . 
  neither i nor my parents who bought it for me had any idea what the logo meant . 
  it just looked cool , a pirate cap . 
  the key difference is in how long americans consider `` dating '' lasts . 
  i 've many times heard american couples say they are `` dating '' when they 've already been in a relationship for half a year . 
  in europe `` dating '' is a rather short phase where you get to know each other before fully committing to a relationship . 
  basically , it feels like americans are using `` dating '' almost as a synonym for `` in a relationship . '', 
  there 's also financial benefits to marrying over here , but often times people do n't care all that much for the tax breaks they would get for it . 
  many of my friends have been together 10y + but have no intention of actually marrying each other . 
  some view it as a bit of an antiquated concept , other just do n't care all that much for it . 
  `` fun fact '' : up until 1970 it was illegal to rent out your house/apartment to an unmarried couple . 
  good thing we 've long moved past that . 
  those camps might exist , but i 've never known anyone who ever went to them . 
  school summer holidays in germany are ~ 6 weeks , of which most kids will usually spend 1-2 weeks with their parents somwhere on holiday . 
  he 's got both german and austrian citizenship . 
  even though , he personally identifies strongly with just austria . 
  inglorious basterds - christopher waltz, 
  from the far south . 
  can confirm . 
  housing prices . 
  munich is an amazing city , one of the most beautiful places i have ever been . 
  it 's such a shame that most people ca n't afford to live in it anymore unless you make big money or your parent 's once bought an apartment there . 
  i 'm from munich . 
  when i ordered a `` brezn '' in frankfurt , they told me they had no such thing . 
  i only got what i wanted once the person next to me in line ordered a `` brezel '' . 
  this happened to me as a child , and it left its mark on me . 
  i will never forget the horror that is ordering food north of the danube . 
  been watching the super bowl ever since 2007 . 
  recently also started the semifinals and quarterfinals . 
  i like the seahawks because they are from a cool city , have a cool logo and mascot , come from the city wizards of the coast is from and have a couple players i liked the interviews several of their players gave . 
  not even touching on what i think about may and the tories , a minority government always feels very undesirable . 
  student exchange with bristol , uk . 
  one of the students asked us whether we had the color white in germany . 
  another big difference is that most american universities and colleges are still very similar to a school , whereas european ones are more about freedom , choice , attending lectures and seminars at will etc. 
  you usually also live somewhere in the city or the suburbs of the city your university is in , as opposed to the on-campus housing you often see in the us . 
  and , as someone mentioned before , university sports do exist but i 'd think 99 % of students are n't even aware of their university 's teams . 
  as a result , you do n't feel as `` attached '' to your university . 
  admittedly , these features have been somewhat pushed back with bologna , making eu universities feel more like schools than they used to , but it 's still a major difference . 
  patient : is the operation already over ? 
  guy : yes , you are in heaven . 
  i am the lord and this is saint peter . 
  `` saint peter '' : salam aleikum . 
  off topic , but it interests me : do fins think of their country as being divided west/east finnland ? 
  when i look at the country i immediately assume that the `` big divide '' would be north vs south , but of course i got no actual idea . 
  are you referring to the american wrestling like wwf etc or the olympic sport of wrestling ? 
  assuming its the latter : yes , it exists . 
  i grew up in a small suburb that had a team in the top flight league of the country , so during 3rd/4th grade all boys were kinda asked/friendly pushed towards wrestling . 
  my friends and i actually did join the youth team for a season but did n't really enjoy it a lot . 
  i went something like 0-15 in tournament matches that season . 
  one time i was knocked out by our coach when i was selected as a volunteer to demonstrate a new throw on .
