  it says your coins even have `` d.g. '', 
  on them . 
  i somehoe thought and kinda still think that the power to rule britain was obtained through regular conquest . 
  are the british monarchs actually considered as chosen by god ? 
  went to england during a school exchange in 8th grade . 
  two questions from fellow pupils stood out to me : - do you have traffic lights ? 
  - do you have the color white ? 
  germany 's european politicians have always kept a very low profile here . 
  i would n't be surprised if the only thing most people here knew about him was that he was an important european politican . 
  i just tried looking up more information about his political stance but there 's really not much to be known yet . 
  he seems to be anti-trump/populism and pro-eu , but that probably does n't really come as a surprise . 
  this is n't america . 
  neither candidate 's campaign has even started yet . 
  angela merkel only announced that she 'd run again like 1-2 weeks ago , because it was n't really a given that she 'd do . 
  but generally speaking , it seems nobody in the spd really wants to run since it 's quite unlikely someone will actually crack merkel anyway . 
  there 's 1-2 other options but it seems nobody wants to . 
  we do n't know yet . 
  `` liberal '' is one of the words that will cause the most confusions when the context it is used in is not known . 
  in the us , it is predominantly used in social rights context , which makes most people in the democratic party considered `` liberal '' . 
  in europe , otherwise a different context is specified , it is usually used in economical context , where it refers to the politics of most conservatice , right-wing parties . 
  it stands for laissez-faire policies , low taxes , less worker protection etc. 
  as such , one of the most `` liberal '' parties in the world is the american gop , which promotes some of the most cutthroat capitalism/neo-liberalism known to the world . 
  unlike other political terms and descriptions of stances , `` liberal '' means nothing without context . 
  not just parliament . 
  the social democracts are considering to run him for chancellor . 
   the circo massimo was a bit of a let down . 
  that 's a nice way to put it , lol, 
  a tool for fixing what exactly ? 
  florence . 
  tuscany in general . 
  rome on the other hand is n't really beautiful , but the amount of history and culture there 's to see is second to none in this world . 
  maybe other countries do this as well , but especially in the more rural , southern parts of germany , there 's a long tradition of kidnapping someone 's bride at the wedding and holding her to ransom of e.g. 
  a lot of beer and other stuff . 
  we have a similar tradition in the lead-up to the 1st of may , but only with a very long blue and white pole ( ~ 15m high ) instead of the bride . 
  reading that it sounds like you 're living in a zombie apocalypse world . 
  aldi represents the `` discounter '' kind of supermarket . 
  everything is as basic as it needs to be . 
  they 're selling some established brands but also a lot of cheaper , but not neccessarily worse versions of lesser known brands . 
  it 's a very popular chain in germany that 's also used by more well off people . 
  regarding the shopping cart deposit , that 's standard for * any * kind of supermarket or other kind of store in germany that uses carts . 
  it 's in place so people do n't leave the carts standing anywhere in the parking lot . 
  regarding not having anyone bag your stuff , that 's also standard for any supermarket here . 
  for having fish tanks and stuff , i have never ever seen one in a supermarket here . 
  the general perception in german public is quite negative . 
  probably considered the worst war the us has ever lost . 
  ( not that there are many of . ), 
  people will often say the us `` experienced a 2nd vietnam '' when something goes really badly for america . 
  as for why the us fought the war , in schools it is explained as logical consequence of the domino and containment theory . 
  for official use : max mustermann and erika mustermann they even have their own id cards : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/mustermann_npa.jpg for consumer goods : otto normalverbraucher ( = otto normalconsumer ), 
  i travel to paris about 3-4 times a year but i hardly ever see any poor people in the streets . 
  but maybe i 'm just visiting the parts where you do n't get to see them . 
  guess there 's not a lot of homeless in la defense . 
  this was also my experience when visiting new york . 
  we rented an apartment in lower manhanttan and omg so many poor people . 
  i 've been to kenya before and what i 've seen in manhattan , which i thought was considered the `` richer '' area of town , can only be compared to what i saw in kenya . 
  so many poor people living/sleeping in the streets . 
  and then you keep walking for a bit and you see these huge , crazy rich skyscrappers and buildings that nothing in europe really compares to . 
  when i was there it really felt like the us had traded off the well-being of a lot of lowest class people to boost the people in the upper class . 
  hamburgers and fries . 
  i know you 're joking , but even monaco is `` just '' a constituional monarchy . 
  someone did n't get the memo . 
  after all , everybody in the us knows that new oreleans was destroyed because of the gays , right ? 
  when i was growing up , i actually had a much better view of the us . 
  they were taking care of worldwide problems , were filthy rich and considered `` cool '' . 
  i knew that it probably was n't 100 % like that , but i felt people were giving them too much flack for their role in the world . 
  post 9/11 , especially during the bush administration , that view changed a lot and has remained unchanged to this day . 
  if i had to pin it down to one core thing that makes the us feel so bad for me , it 's the cherishment of anti-intellectualism . 
  you do n't save western civilization by abandoning the core principles it is built on . 
  is n't that the argentinian flu or something ? 
  one of the girls in my spanish class had lived a couple of years there and she would always pronounce ( i think ) the `` h '' as `` j '' , which our teacher called the argentinian flu . 
  in latin , there 's no word for `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  the closest you get is `` ita est '' or `` ita non est '' , which means `` it is '' or `` it is not '' . 
  dave crockett rings a bell . 
  was n't he at the alamo ? 
  the others i do n't know , but i have heard of james bowie who 's got a knife named after him . 
  in german , when someone asks what my birthday is i 'd say . 
  ( e.g. ), 
  1st of january . 
  in english i use `` 1st of january '' or `` january the first '' interchangeably . 
  couple of things of which it would be too hard to pick a single one : - majority voting in such a diverse country , which leads to many people feeling left out - voting on a tuesday - zero days of guaranteed days off - america 's lack of general health care - no mandatorily issued id cards - pledge of allegiance - 5 decades of brainwashing that europe was socialist / edit : reading through the rest of this thread , i realized how many crazy things i 've forgotten to add . 
  like religion , date formatting , imperial units , access to firearms etc. 
  only interaction with refugeees i had was when i translated for them on a train . 
  they had bought the wrong ticket and had to pay a fine . 
  they we 're totally ok with that and did n't make a scene like most other people do when this happens . 
  you get a different perspective when the biggest problem of your day changes from a 40kg bomb to a 40 $ fine . 
  german here . 
  i even tried thinking of places i would n't want to go at night and could n't come up with anything . 
  yeah , it was largely ignored by the bavarian government without any real consequences . 
  froom the german supreme court in 1995 : * `` 1 . 
  4 abs . 
  i find it at least a bit creepy when young people are . 
  old people were just raised with it and are playing along . 
  for the younger generation , it 's at least somewhat more of a conscious choice , which makes it a bit more creepy . 
  no , but i know that quite a lot of old people still do . 
  i work at a mobile nursing service and like 50 % of our patients have framed bible verses on their walls . 
  in my part of germany ( bavaria ) it was also ruled illegal to have a cross on the wall in schools . 
  that must have been some time in the late 90s . 
  i 've seen a pretty interesting documentary about how them switcing between brussels and strasbourg actually has serious implications for the prostitution sector . 
  like , it actually makes a lot of prostitutes travel between brussels and strasbourg all the time because of how much clients they get from the european parliament . 
  not only the members , but all the employees .
