this story is an example of , how to say , why russia and the usa are better friends and allies than it may seem , especially these days . 
  we have some differences , resulting in some economic sanctions or what not , but really , i view russia as friends of the united states , with whom each side has their disagreements . 
  in the long term , i argue for nothing but russia-usa friendship . 
  the iss is but one of many symbols of this friendship . 
  i wish the russians would be a bit more ` liberal ' but perhaps that will come in time in any event , such things are n't meant to be forced ( so hard , oder so . . ) . 
  give it up bro , you 'll never get the germans to understand the power and the glory of that which is a * bud lite lime * . 
  there 's a big difference between ` seen ' and ` seen everywhere ', 
  `` he give the ring - was nice present , with this i can kill '', 
   besides , liberalism does n't quite apply to geopolitics . 
  yeah , sometimes i have to clarify , that when i say ` liberal ' and am talking about international politics , i mean [ ` liberal institutionalist ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institutional_liberalism ) , or one of the three main competing theories of international relations . 
  the others are realism ( neorealism ) and ( neo ) constructivism . 
  with that taken into consideration , george w. bush absolutely was a liberal , it was liberal themes which led the us to war with iraq ( freeing the iraqi people from saddam 's dictatorship ) - the iraq war was fought by liberalism , not realism . 
  in fact , the realist/neorealist wing of american political science took out a full page ad in the new york times on the even of the invasion of iraq to state their unequivocal stance against the invasion , saying serious complications would likely arise . 
  on to your second point , you can do whatever you want in georgia , just do it without an expectation that it be done on the back of nato ( or the eu , for that matter ) . 
  i wish you guys all the best !, 
   i watched that video and i really fail to understand how so many people fail to grasp its obvious messages . 
  the things he says are so obvious i would even call them facts . 
  dude , you get it . 
  i 'm at the point where i want to go around berlin spraypainting ` who is john mearsheimer ? ', 
  all over the city . 
  the rhetoric/debate/issue between  nato membership ( absolutely no way ) and eu accession ( we do n't like it ) is an interesting one - i wonder if russia actually * would * allow for ukraine to get on a path to full eu membership - in light of signing a promise not to join nato for 25 years ( or something like that ) . 
  that 's actually an interesting question . 
  its questions like that , which help me understand what is going on . 
  people also misunderstood me when i said ` liberals ' above/below . 
  in terms of international politics , ` liberals ' ( or ` liberal institutionalists ' ) refers to those believing that ideas of freedom of speech , religion , press , human rights , transparency , etc. 
  are worth spreading at a relatively high cost . 
  realists , on the other hand , are more skeptical of those costs , and are n't willing to bear costs that liberals are in efforts like democracy promotion . 
  merkel is a ` liberal ' in the same way obama is ( and most democrats and republicans , for example , are both liberals in the international relations sense ) . 
  but obama is n't always a liberal - he was being a realist when he refused to go into syria , for example . 
  just to clarify ( zur info ) the title of this thread is pure liberalism ( liberal institutionalism ) . 
  realists would be much more wary about making such proclamations at this time . 
  liberalism certainly has a dark underbelly , and its exactly these tendencies that we have to watch out for - from ourselves . 
  i like it when people are free , but i 'm cautious when that freedom has to be first won by war . 
  proximately , the turkey - greece ` aegean dispute ' can be traced to 1952 , when turkey and greece signed an [ agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ) in which  the whole airspace over the aegean , up to the boundary of the national airspace of turkey , has been assigned to athens fir , administered by greece . 
  this agreement turkey first sought to change in 1974 . 
  more on it can be read , but i 'm pretty sure anyway , that signing this document was a prerequisite for turkey 's membership in nato . 
  so , turkey did put aside its dispute with greece to join nato ( which actually says something about the conflict management aspect of nato ) , but then again , i 'm sure nobody at that time expected turkey to quietly abide by the agreement forever . 
  the aegean is in dispute !, 
  [ professor john mearsheimer : the west blew it big time and irreversibly endangered european security ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkwkw7gddeg ) 2015 i half-way agree , but i also think that many/most europeans do n't realise how big of an annoyance particularly eu aspirations for ukraine are for russia , and as such do n't view the ukraine-eu association agreement with the same importance as the russian ( ? ), 
  perspective , leading to misjudgment . 
  the eu pissed putin ( and much of russia ) off something fierce . 
  because georgia is so powerful it does what it wants ? 
  even if georgia pays 4 % gdp on defense , the issue is that a georgia as a nato member is likely to pull all nato members into conflict . 
  actually , georgia even * thinking * about joining nato would be the main reason for any conflict involving russia and nato member states . 
  that 's what ukraine was all about - getting on the road to eu and nato membership . 
  liberals want countries like ukraine and georgia inside nato and the eu , and it is precisely this ` want ' , which triggers war and conflict . 
  realists , on the other hand , listen to russia , takes its perspective into consideration , and would rather that countries like ukraine and georgia remain neutral buffer states . 
  simply put , the dreams of some ukrainians and georgians is not worth war with russia . 
  it seems to me , that many even here on / europe do n't realise how ` war-mongering ' their ( usually quite liberal ) beliefs are , all the while chastising putin . 
  chastise all you want , but its your liberal beliefs that are responsible for conflict in the first place . 
  in my view , at least ukraine ( maybe georgia too ) should sign official documents affirming that they will not try to join nato or the eu ( maybe for at least 20 or so years ) . 
  the us also needs to be wary about being pulled into conflict by its ` alliances ' . 
  georgia needs to chill out . 
   i believe having a secure border without any serious territorial claim issues is a prerequisite to joining the alliance . 
   you are right , any future nato member needs to have secure borders . 
  while this is correct , there have been institutional exceptions ( turkey and greece on the nato side , and cyprus on the eu side , for example ) - exceptions which , may make putin slightly nervous and therefore more eager to engage in open hostilities . 
  usually , language using the phrase ` american dream ' is just shorthand for disparaging the us . 
  in any event , one of the meanings meant by phrase ` american dream ' included others accepting you as one of their own , not based on blood . 
  this is impossible in the european context . 
  as such , the phrase ` european dream ' will never exist , because if it did , it would be available mainly ( with limited exceptions for the highly educated , etc. ), 
  only for europeans themselves . 
  that 's ok , that 's the way it is , but this apathetic attitude for making big grand statements , backing it up with an article or two ( at least a few articles are provided ! ), 
  does n't really do it for me . 
  i live in germany right now btw . 
  how is saying ` liars all together ' party of your sense of humour ? 
  the customers are gentlemen a bit older , in their 30s and 40s i would guess, 
  sometimes when i 'm out , i 'll specifically say to guys - most usually who i at least have talked to once or twice before - and i 'll straight up tell them that in my opinion , they can do a bit better with their style ( nicer shoes , jeans that fit , slim fit shirt , nice belt ) but they never listen ( as though its too personal a topic ) , and i 'm not sure why . 
  cheap-lookng plaid shirts are really popular north of hamburg for some odd reason . 
  its as though guys here think that dressing up , and spending $ on style , is too ` schicki-micki ' or ` stuck-up ' or ` dishonest ' or something \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  if the difference between wearing cheap jeans from h&m on a friday evening in september , and wearing ` lederhosen ' for costume effect on a friday evening in september - is `` light years '' away from one another , than ` light years ' has lost effect as a description . 
  i live in northern germany , most people up here have no sense of style whatsoever . 
  the italians would roll their eyes . 
  though at least its not difficult to be one of the sharpest dressed wherever you go when you go out to enjoy the nightlife . 
  then which are the gems ? 
  change my view !!, 
  turkish music sucks ass . 
  there are plenty of instrumental bands/musicians who do n't sing , who play at some of the biggest music festivals around the world - and none of them are from turkey . 
  funny , i was going to say the same thing to you , arschloch, 
  if you 're trying to say there 's a turkish music performer out there , who could hold down a stage at any of the largest music festivals ( as a festival highlight ) , for example in the usa - preferably with only one other musician - than show me . 
  because i do n't think there is one . 
  matisyahu can . 
  hell , even the major european music festivals . 
  matisyahu can , and since i 'm talking about turkey ( because the original comment was made with turkish flair somewhat disparaging matisyahu 's general music style ) , i do n't think any one music performer from turkey could hold down a major european music festival 's stage , either ( especially not as a highlight ) . 
  cmv ( and i 'm not talking about world music festivals , either , just the largest ten or twenty in europe during the summertime ) . 
  if turkish music performers are so bountiful and so amazing , then why does n't anyone want to listen to them ? 
  oh yeah , that 's right . . 
  he 's a more interesting music performer than any turkish music performer i 've ever seen , anyway . . 
  how about you do the work and link us to your sources, 
  i support ayaan hirsi ali more than wilders , but i find wilders to be at times a bit unfairly characatured in the media in a way different from when he gives a talk/speech . 
  i guess aha and wilders would have some disagreement here and there , but it would seem to me that they would both agree on the basics . 
  and if i support aha , who am i to then turn around and say i do n't support wilders , when she does ? 
  i thought it was pretty funny, 
  scary, 
  shut up already, 
  i support wilders . 
  are you going to try to hunt me down ? 
  you 're not going to do shit , so shut the fuck up with your fantasy . 
  at least the germans got their wish to march in the shade for at least a little while . . 
  the russian stukas are among the most impressive original russian-shot video footage of ww2 i 've seen . 
  i 'm sure being on the receiving end of such fucking salvos would be terrifying .
