   leave him alone lol, 
  first off , i did n't even realise the * initial * comment i responded to was written with serbian flair . 
  i 'm on a phone and flair is small as fuck . 
  secondly , the second commenter i was responding to had no flair , and was not serbian , so why are you going off on this wild tangent about serbia , as though serbia has anything to do with the main thrust of my comment on how nato , since the end of ww2 , has been the chief factor in a peaceful europe ? 
  your entire argument about serbia is a strawman . 
  do i even need to mention that serbian military elements were engaging in a campaign of modern day genocide , which the nato bombings were specifically designed to halt ? 
  i 'm not saying that all serbia was to blame , or guilty , but some were . 
  you 're talking here like a milisovic fanboy . 
  are you ? 
  or , rather , are you just spouting off ? 
  the situation was so dire that germany even joined the nato coalition , its first offensive military act since ww2 ( and unsanctioned by the un at that !, 
  europe had months if not years beforehand to keep the situation in the balkans during the 90s from escalating , and it failed miserably , allowing the deaths of tens/hundreds of thousands on european soil before nato or the us even became involved . 
  this failure on the part of europe ( and nevermind the eu , powerless as it was at the time and in many/most respects continues to be in matters of peace and war ) actually undergirds my whole argument about how substantial nato is to european peace and security ( its pathetic this is n't common accepted knowledge in europe today , mostly out of disdain of the reality of european reliance on the us on security matters ) . 
  and you , belgian , act as though belgium was n't part of the nato coalition against serbian aggression , when of course it was . 
  get off your high horse , and stop guessing about things you know nothing about ( `` european peace starts with internal consensus blah blah '' , where 's your source ? 
  or are you just guessing based on limited knowledge of security studies and international relations ? ) . 
  and are those really the best personal insults you can throw at me ? 
  you little belgian badass you oh shit !, 
  lastly , belgian , i wonder if you know personally and off-hand without looking it up how many american soldiers are buried in belgium ? 
  i 'd bet a dollar you do n't give a shit , and you should . 
  i ca n't really understand you so well , but i guess its just by coincidence that europe had been fighting wars for hundreds and hundreds of years against each other , and once nato was established those wars came to a halt ? 
  the eu was n't even called the eu until 1992 , after the fall of the soviet union , yet you seem to give credit to the eu for european ( not balkan btw ) peace from 1946-present ? 
  how does that work ? 
  oh yeah , by putting your head in the sand like an ostrich and saying ` america has nothing to do with peace in europe today ! ', 
  europe deserves some credit of course , but because of nato and article v ( you 're like `` huh ? 
  '' ) , europe is playing on easy mode . 
  next time there 's a horrible tragedy , he 's going to post a super thread in which he writes everything out in french first or some dumb shit . 
  nato says to all possible aggressors ( and not ` just ' russia ) - ` do n't even * think * about it . 
  as such , nato clears the way for europe to trade freely and even integrate ; it wholesale takes security issues off the table so europe can concentrate on economics instead of having to deal with bullshit . 
  its the first time in history such peace has been underwritten by such a successful ( security ) institution , yet you say you do n't realise why i bring up nato when talking about europe being the most peaceful region in the world today . 
  perhaps its not your fault though - the eu was even given the nobel peace prize , ( which was nonsense ; * nato * - and by extension the us taxpayer - should have been awarded that prize , * not * the eu ) , and europeans will never admit that it was the us that wanted europe to integrate economically in the aftermath of ww2 in any event , so i can see why you do n't automatically link european peace to nato . 
  i have a masters in european studies from two european universities in two different european countries , and i 'm sick of europeans giving themselves the `` enlightened '' credit for a peaceful europe today . 
  all the shit the us has done towards peace in europe today and most europeans just shit on thd us constantly ; anti-americanism is the * lingua franca * of europe today ( markovits , 2008 ) , and its all such fucking bullshit . 
  that 's all . 
  and this , is a perfect example of why i 'm abandoning my phd ( and of course , career path ) in european security . 
  you guys do n't seem to care about your own security , so from all the way across the ocean - why should i ? 
  i did care for some reason , now i just do n't , and i 'll forever advocate a position of europe dealing with its own security without the us in whatever small way i can . 
  but i even have to thank you guys for seemingly not caring about your own security , its a huge monkey off my back and i can get back to my other passions . 
  best of luck !, 
  ( including luck w / the war raging in eastern europe today ! ), 
  not enouff edge go italz you too can into space !, 
  did you learn a new bad word today ? 
  you 're a shitty mod . 
  need i pull up the thread where you 're torn to shreds ? 
  what dou you know dclauzel ? 
  just a cheeky worthless one word answer , or do you actually know what you 're talking about ? 
  i guess not , so instead of writing some bullshit , how about writing nothing ? 
  ( and do n't waste your time googling ` nrtherlands trance music ' either . 
  how you became a mod of this sub , well , actually this sub has gone to shit since the likes of you were franted mod privelages . 
  to answer op 's question in one way , there 's a great trance/dark/hitech festival coming up at the end of august . 
  i think its located on a chain of small islands , with beaches and a ton of people . 
  check it out if you like : psy-fi . nl also , in a more general sense , nl is ok for trance , but no country beats germany . 
  look up goabase.net for parties close to you , mate . 
  nothing to do with nato !, 
  you 're pretty successful at making yourself sound like a character from an american cartoon show , anyway . 
  you certainly write like a teenager in any case ( lord i hope you 're not over 20 that 'd be pretty pathetic !, 
  ) , and i do n't engage with teenagers on reddit . 
  peace out girl scout . 
  the us is barely just behind france , spain and the uk in these rankings , for all intents and purposes tied , yet you twist it to make it seem like this is not the case . 
  the little tactic you use here to make it seem like the us is actually worse than it is ( you even leave out other eu countries that scored worse than the us other than the two you mention , which again belays your slant ) - is * exactly * what fox news does . 
  its also why / europe is kind of shit where it comes to getting good , clear information about the world . 
  thanks for nothin , mate . 
  europeans on / europe can be such assholes lol, 
  i 've lived in germany for the last 6 years and am flying into hamburg tomorrow . 
  do n't give me that proud american shit , asshole . 
  hairy angry dutch man-ass ( shiver ) its funny that to seemingly a lot of europeans on here , the typical american seems to be an over 50s hard core republican from texas . 
  i 'm writing this from san francisco , enjoy your anger over the us and crazy over-generalisation of america , you fucking weird guys . 
   who let the patriot act pass without resistance ? 
  you 're right , that was my bad . 
  i heard some shit about it , went outside to mow the lawn , and when i came back in for a fresh cup of lemonade i was dumbfounded to see it had already been passed !, 
  if it were n't for my ( admittedly pretty gorgeous ) front and back yards , all you europeans would all love america today !, 
  yeah , like questioning the common euro worldview that all americans are alike . 
  i 've lived in germany for six years , still do , and this is my opinion ( which you seemingly unknowingly confirmed in your own way ) . 
  oh well , what do i know xd, 
  defensive towards anything that may conflict with their worldview ( even if its a legitimate argument ), 
  can they buy a bunch of copies of rambo 2 and facepaint and bows and arrows and shit , or ( i 'm asking you based on your clear expertise ) can the cops in the us just buy grenades and rocket launchers and predator type shit with all that money they 'd get from snoop ? 
  did you move to britain , executivemonkey , or what the fuck 's up w / your new jolly rodger uk crimpets flair , ? 
  yal 'd carpetbagger/indiangiver you grrrr . 
  no more usa flair , eh ? 
  lol, 
  the annoyance , is that for as much as / u/dclauzel may be viewed as kind of sweet , using this ` schtick ' for something very serious , is just too fucking much bullshit and its clear to see . 
  a news story about a cat having kittens in northern france ? 
  fine . 
  but for something like this , leave your little cutesy shit in the garage for now . 
   finally , paris proper is not a dangerous city , except for some tiny areas where there is nothing to see anyway might these `` areas '' you speak of , also possibly be referred to as ... no-go zones ? 
  no it is n't ironic - you seem to expect me to really think about your shitty comment , as if it deserves it . 
  it does not . 
  stop acting as though you 're making some sort of academic , intellectual argument . 
  you think that you can somehow sum up all of ` the west ' , 1 billion people , with a pathetically pithy little sentence or two , and then you refer to * me * as the one being `` ironic '' ... sure fella, 
  you do n't seem to realise it , but you are n't actually saying anything here . 
  you 're talking in very sweeping , broad generalisations , that are actually quite nauseating . 
  the bank lending systems in africa and the me are shit . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  pls stop responding its annoying seeing the orange mail indicator, 
  you 're talking about the ` system ' in africa and the middle east ` actually working ' what are you smoking ? 
  can i have some ? 
  you wrote :  yes , yes , i know all that . 
  i ca n't help but think that people losing their houses , being bankrupted by medical costs , banks throwing the whole world into a still-ongoing depression , bankers basically stealing everyone else 's money , and all the other shitty stuff just is n't worth it . 
   there 's a way to get all the good stuff ( maybe not to exactly the same degree , but close ) without relying on interest rates . 
  just have governments set up a fund that gives people money .
