  i hought this was poland https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckf2gjraute, 
  in some extent yes . 
  240 people from 4 milion in germany . 
  on the other hand , how many do become agnostic or ahteist or just do n't care . 
  studies show that while not all muslims are religious , muslim youths are markedly more religious than non-muslim youths . 
  a study comparing turkish muslim youths living in germany and german youth found that the former were more likely to attend religious services regularly ( 35 % versus 14 % ) . 
   the struggle to civilize one of the abrahamic religions was long , brutal and bloody . 
  what a bunch of bullshit . 
  you made christianity ii with bible 2.0 ? 
  no , it 's the same religion . 
  2nd an 3rd generaion of muslims in europe are the same as their neighbours because of education and prosperity . 
  in this video you can see serb positions : http://youtu.be/th_v6al1d84?t=57s scum writer came to bosnia to shoot civilians . 
  exactly . 
  a traffic accident . 
   seriously can you please explain me what is wrong with sweden ? 
  i just ca n't understand as a muslim , why sweden as a country loves us so much . 
  they do n't love muslims , they tolerate muslims better then rest of europe . 
  kaplan is token islamist for swedish government . 
  when they point finger at muslim countries they can always say how accepting they are of muslims with kaplan as example . 
  kaplan is a clown.like most of milj\u00f6partiet . 
  he went to diplomatic visit to turkey after winning the election . 
  he is minister of housing, 
  most of them ended up in other countries . 
  they did n't send them back . 
  just relocated them , most to usa , because you can not send people back to uninhabitable place . 
  sitting at the local bars and drinking coffee at work time is not productive . 
  he should have done the bosnian backflip for her . 
  most of comments here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrwcgg0hvnc, 
  romania and bulgaria should take care of their citizens even if they are other ethnic group . 
  unpopular in the balkans , they are still your citizens . 
  nature is beautiful everywhere . 
  bosnia more so because of variaty in landscape and climate . 
  on the other hand : http://ekocentar-bocacjezero.com/en/safety_net/, 
  thats a lot of filtered bullshit for anyone who want to read between the lines . 
  what you are trying to say is that even the best of muslims are bad and are going to become radicalized . 
  / r/europe /, 
  wierd for a country with so much natural resources and good it sector . 
  someone is pocketing the money . 
  what 's that ? 
  10 meters of fence give or take to enclose whole country ? 
  even benifits for all refugees including those in turkey would be better . 
  schools , food , roof and medical aids only just like people in camps in turkey would get . 
  no visas , no social security . 
  by that definition russian separatists in ukraine are also terrorists . 
  you should bomb those terrorists too . 
  syrian goverment and russia are not fighting activly isis they are figting fsa and al-qaida . 
  wtf chalmers . 
  you copied my reply from worldnews wtf https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5cebvm/serbia_deports_russians_suspected_of_plotting/d9w0ndb/?context=3, 
  international criminal court for war crimes has given a green light for executions . 
  you can kill as many people as you like and most you can get is 9 years in prison if you are on the loser side . 
  why would that be a problem . 
  serbia has russofetish . 
  russia needs someone to make problems for the eu . 
  even if dodik says he hates turkey he is trying to copy erdagon . 
  he was lobbying us http://acbih.org/?p=1916 and when it did n't work out he turned to putin . 
  now it 's not about rs , because losing power would result would make him face court in bosnia over his criminal acts . 
  when he loses power he will run away to russia . 
  great , when bosnia enters eu there will only be slovenia , croatia , serbia , montenegro and macedonia left . 
  his supporters where chanting this is serbia . 
  that happened 4 days ago . 
  it must be all those toll road money you get from passing tourists , unless you started exporting ski jumpers as products . 
  they payed him off to shut up . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_kosovo_referendum,_2012 same shit . 
  next week bosnian serbs make a referendum to give 1 milion $ free to every serb in rs . 
  same result . 
  only reason dodik is not removed is because he is a clown that europe needs . 
  bosniaks vote for sda , a party with muslim standards , wave turkish flags to support erdagon , when turkey is turning into russian ally , let arabs take over some parts of bosnia . 
  sarajevo will never have full control of the country and rs will never separate . 
  worse then china, 
  all croatians work as season workers on highway tolls in the summer . 
  hackerrank is place where jobless programmers go to get some credit for freelancer.com . 
  i would rank us as # 1 . 
  croatia helped create that mess . 
  bosnjaks are too nice to monirties , they should grow thicker skin, 
  in croatia right now for homeland day and i have seen a lot of serbians here too . 
  like you know what mountin is, 
  are they fireing british people from esa ? 
  i got 30 job listings last week from esa . 
  so , this uzbek might have acted on order by kremlin since isis does n't wa n't to have anything with him , and russia is working on creating right wing oposition and destabilizing sweden . 
  i mean nothing will come out of this . 
  occupy ~ ~ wall street ~ ~ serbia, 
   164 ft i have some material to post . 
  south europeans need something with a fast beat . 
  you are tilling him that in one instance parents can make decision if child lives or dies and in other instance they have no say . 
  i am also for vaccination . 
  but on the grounds that the kids can spead disease to other younger unvaccinated kids . 
  other then their own kids . 
  i am pro abortion . 
  he is not twisting it . 
  he makes a good point there . 
  today i gained respect for donald trump . 
  it was n't an easy decision . 
  that was n't obviously written by putin . 
  ju\u017enoslovenski or south slavic . 
  not yugoslavian, 
  he is promoting to the rich hypocrits who would rather live in a peacfull all white neighbourhood then any where else . 
  it 's would boost rentning prices since more people would like to live there . 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  i read everyones comments and they do not bother me . 
  no you are repeating serbian national propaganda where no great damage was done to the military .
