only to invade and fight with all of its neighbors following pilsudski vision of `` felt the time was right to expand polish borders as far east as feasible , to be followed by a polish-led intermarium federation of east-central european states as a bulwark against the re-emergence of german and russian imperialisms '' poland attacked all of its neighbors ? 
  i can only think of minor conflicts for polish parts of lithuania/ukraine . 
  pilsudski 's idea was n't the reason of this war and polish government did n't even like the idea of intermarium so they did n't take whole belarus and kiev when signing the treaty of riga ( russians were n't against it , it was polish officials ' choice ) . 
  btw intermarium was n't a bad idea , it could have prevented the ww2 ( this wiki fragment even mentions it ) . 
   how was ukrainians and lithuanians treated in `` greater poland '' at the time and prior to that during commonwealth ? 
  ukrainian peasants were treated the same way as polish peasants in western poland during the times of commonwealth . 
  lithuanians had their own duchy during commonwealth and there were n't many of them in poland after ww1 . 
  i can ask how the life of ukrainians looked on the russian side after ww1 ? 
  your country took eastern parts of poland during partitions and then after the ww1 you complain that poland wanted to create little empire ? 
  then why russia took this land earlier ? 
  even after 123 years there were more poles than russians in this area . 
  that exact fragment from the wikipedia proves that you 're wrong :d `` polish forces ( . . ) awaited expected support and relief from france and the united kingdom '' - two or three days before the expected aid from france and the united kingdom russia attacked poland so polish army could n't get this aid . 
  if russia had n't attacked poland from the east poland would defend longer with the western help . 
  i noticed more bullshit in your first post :  russia did not even enter poland until germany had crossed the polish boarder an started invading russia !, 
  what ? 
  germany started invading russia in 1941 and russia invaded poland in 1939 ...  previously to ww2 and the 1917 russian revolution . 
  the parts of poland that were invaded by the soviets , were actually part of the russian empire . 
  previously to the 1917 russian revolution there was no poland so by your logic if russia had got warsaw too instead of germans , you would write that warsaw was also in russia before russian revolution so it 's ok .  also , in my `` western education '' the previous war in the 1930 's with russia and the polish is never mentioned in the ww2 history pages . 
  there was no war between russia and poland in the 1930 's . 
  i think you mean the early 1920 's . 
   the ussr and polnad had a big war previously to ww2 and i think russia just wanted it 's land back . 
  stalin could not belive that germany had invaded russia . 
  he refused to believe the early reports of the germans invading russia . 
  this land was longer under polish-lithuanian rule ( before partitions ) than russian . 
  the fact in your second sentence is true but again you are clearly mixing 1939 with 1941 :d  on another note , i ; m not a nazi sympathzier , but i don ; t belive 6mil jews were killed . 
  i think the real number was 3mil . 
  oh , i see that you are the real history expert . 
   in my opinion hitler also wanted `` some colonies '' . 
  so i belive that may have been one of his reasons for war . 
  no shit !, 
  have you heard about the lebensraum ? 
   i bet they do n't tell you that in your western education !, 
  as you can see your post is great example of glorious soviet education which omits important facts and exaggerate the unimportant ones . 
  oh and i admire that you write so long post knowing so little about history . 
  i had about 34 students in my middle school and high school class . 
  and this school is in the top 20 school ranking in poland ... 
  the root cause for the difference is n't the resettlement . 
  the areas in the western part of poland ( that were polish pre ww2 ) like pozna\u0144 or that corridor were n't in most part forcibly repopulated after ww2 . 
  you just ca n't compare 20 years of the second polish republic before ww2 with 123 years of differences between german vs russian/austrian rule . 
  many people from the former polish lands ( pre ww2 ) lived in cities like lviv which was the center of the polish science with the best universities in poland so they were n't all from the rural area - uneducated , poor and conservative . 
  the rural part of kresy was inhabited mostly by ukrainians . 
  i was in the class with the german profile in the middle school . 
  we had about 8 lessons of german per week with 3 different teachers ( including lessons with german native speaker ) . 
  after these 3 years i knew german quite well but now after high school and few years in university i do n't remember most of it : / almost every school offers german ( you have to learn two languages starting with the high school so most students start learning german at this time ) . 
  some students have german in the elementary and middle school so they do n't start learning english until the high school . 
  french , russian or spanish are rarely taught , at least in the area where i live . 
  i do n't understand why ukrainians glorify bandera and upa - even without them stalin would have resettled all the poles from the ukrainian ssr without the whole massacre . 
  ukrainians murdered innocent poles from the villages and it gave them nothing , even worse - many ukrainians died because of counter attacks . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  this match had to be played in kyiv because the city of kharkiv is in the dangerous area . 
  originally the match was planned in lviv but they changed plans so there were n't many fans at the stadium . 
  lech and legia have probably the most fans in poland so it 's not surprising that there might be some idiots among them . 
  worst in europe ? 
  hahaha no . 
  btw the photo you linked is not from legia match - it 's lech poznan fans ' banner . 
  not only southern , i did n't notice that `` porost '' is also similar to polish `` prosty '' which also means `` simple '' as in the link you posted . 
  porost means lichen or phenomenon of growing/sprouting vegetables in polish so i think it can be a borrowed word . 
  many slavic languages have this strange rule for counting . 
  in polish , euro is both singular and plural - [ pronunciation . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/pl-euro.ogg#pl ) it 's one of a few foreign origin nouns that remain non-declinable in any cases . 
  poland : singular : euro ( [ pronunciation ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/pl-euro.ogg#pl ) ) , cent ( [ pronunciation ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/pl-cent.ogg ) ) plural : euro , centy ( 2 - 4 ) , cent\u00f3w ( 5 - inf ), 
  no , that 's because they are afraid that there might be a policeman who is hiding somewhere . 
  if the road is empty why would they think about the cars ? 
  yeah , i often see that people wait for the green light even when the road is completely empty :d, 
   but most are put off by the language so they 're expecting that they will have to know polish ? 
  so why are n't they put off by french and german when visiting france and germany ? 
  this is a pointless reason . 
  most sattelite receivers have option to choose the original soundtrack and subtitles . 
  `` brz '' like `` bzh '' and `` czi '' like `` chee '' ( but like i said `` czy '' in this surname in pronounced slightly differently : ch + `` i '' sound from english `` bit '' ) . 
  oh so now i know why people think polish is full of consonants - `` y '' in polish is a vowel ( sounds like `` i '' in `` bit '' or `` hit '' ) . 
  no , i think he wrote it correctly . 
  there is n't such a word as `` pollish '' , 
  haha funny name - in polish bilecik means little ticket ( diminutive form of bilet ) . 
  maybe he meant the cbos polls which always overestimates po . 
  i 'm curious what 's so special about it ? 
  replace w with v and you have generic slavic language . 
  at least polish can be easily recognized from the other slavic texts ( there are no v letters ) , 
  it is the same thing : http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/babie_lato_%28meteorologia%29, 
  really ? 
  it was mentioned in polish media many times and there was even an interview with his family members . 
  it was august 2013 so maybe you were on holidays ? 
  btw does living in warsaw improve access to the news in media ? 
  i do n't want to take lwow and wilno but why should poland give up cities that used to be in germany ? 
  germany started this war and taking prussia land has nothing to do with losing eastern poland . 
  south western poland ( with present borders ) was in prussia and south eastern part of poland , which was the only part that was in austria-hungary , was one of the poorest regions of the whole pre-partition area of poland ( you can even see it today - your second map ) . 
  if it was too religious he would n't be fired ... 
  i 'm from radom and i do n't remember large amount of `` bizarre crimes or other weird events '' happening here . 
  for a few years it 's a very calm city . 
  the problem is when something like this happens everybody exaggerates it and says `` radom again '' . 
  comparing radom to the other two cities it lost less inhabitants in the last 20 years . 
  maybe that 's because it 's close to warsaw so many people work there but live in radom . 
  this is also the reason why people in warsaw do n't like radom - we took their jobs . 
  it 's j\u00f3zef pi\u0142su ** ds ** ki not pi\u0142sudzki ... 
  from wiki : `` in 1575 , henry iii of france ( then king of poland ) , was introduced to new technologies of septic facilities , in which litter ( excrement ) was taken outside the castle walls . 
  on returning to france , henry ordered the construction of such facilities at the louvre and other palaces . 
  other inventions introduced to the french by the polish included a bath with regulated hot and cold water . '', 
  in what part of poland do you live if you have 12c in the middle of a day and all june below 18c ? 
   instead , there 's catechism , which is taught by clergy . 
  i was never taught by clergy in primary , middle or high school . 
  there was always a catechist ( theologian ) .
