just came across your comment and i 've to say the irony in your statement is just too rich ...  do your homework you 're talking about robert byrd , the kkk member that renounced his past and spent decades , * the rest of his life * working to make amends and when he died he was even honored by naacp . 
  i bet you did n't know that though , otherwise you would n't have made such an ignorant comment . 
  that tweet was sent out in 2012 though , that 's just some random ramblings from him , he did n't need to appeal to any demographics at the time . 
  no it is n't . 
  and in this scenario russia is the toilet . 
  i happen to live on one side of the continent and russia on the other , that does n't mean i have much solidarity with either their people or government . 
  i 've about as much culturally in common with them as i do with pakistan . 
  because even though we 're known for being fairly good at english , if you want to work and integrate into society you 're pretty much forced to learn swedish , or you 'll always stick out and it limits your interactions with the community , so most immigrants try to learn the language . 
  * i should also add that while our english classes in school are decent , reducing the need for people to pick it up in their spare time . 
  the same can not be said for the swedish classes for immigrants , which leave much to be desired , leading to more people using an online service instead . 
  i consider myself utterly uninformed on the subject but i believe our business related taxes are actually on the lower side , or at least around average , relative to other european countries . 
  just something i 've read , but as i said , i 'm not educated nor well informed . 
  at the end of the day my opinion is irrelevant , but since the government of slovenia * did * ignore the majority opinion and instead did the right thing , it seems they 'd agree with me . 
   most people in slovenia seem to agree . 
  sadly true , but as i stated above , in my opinion their opinion should n't matter . 
   equal rights should n't be up for the majority to decide . 
  unpopular opinion perhaps , but there should n't have been a referendum in the first place , they should 've just got it done without asking the people . 
  equal rights should n't be up for the majority to decide . 
  i do n't have a solution , it 's an immensely complex situation , both legally and morally . 
  why do you think responsible politicians do n't just throw around populists fairytale solutions to these kinds of problems ? 
  the only realistic solutions in according to international law is housing and taking care of these people while finding out their real identity , working closely with governments in countries where most asylum seekers come from and once they can actually prove who they are , force the governments to take them back , which is what 's currently happening . 
   shove them off the plane and do n't let them back on . 
  / s  if the nation wo n't allow their own citizens off , sanction their leaders , cut off their foreign aid , cease granting visas to their citizens and stop letting them travel to your nation until their nation is willing to play ball with its own citizens . 
  the problem is proving that these people are actually citizens of that nation , which in most cases is close to impossible . 
  if these people arrive in a country without any id and claim asylum , it 's international law to care for them until they can be returned where they came from . 
  and it 's up to the host nation to find out where they 're from , which in many cases takes years of investigation , partially because the countries they come from do n't have any solid database . 
  france had a handful of people they were certain were from x country , but had no proof . 
  they sent them on a plane to said country , the local government stopped the plane on the tarmac and said prove they 're our citizens , france could n't so they were sent back . 
  france can not legally force other countries to take in people without id . 
  it 's not another country 's responsibility to take care of unidentified people , it * is * france responsibility to take care of asylum seekers in their own country . 
  also it 'd be insanely stupid to damage diplomatic relations over something like this in the first place , what if france did all those things you suggest and it turns out those people were n't even from that country ? 
  france tried to do that and the local government would n't let them leave the plane and sent it back . 
  it 's not like the police leave and just let it go on for hours/days , they leave the area and come back with more officers if needed , as they did in this case and the situation is already under control . 
  what do you expect them to do ? 
  45 % hydro , 45 % nuclear , and 10 % various . 
  almost no coal/oil though . 
  sweden is n't even * that * low , last time i check it was at like 1.8 or 1.9 . 
  it 's unsustainable , but it 's pretty high compared to other western nations . 
  i believe both germany and japan are under 1.4 , and many european countries are inbetween . 
  they settled there and i believe most of them stayed for life , there are a couple of viking graves and the likes in ireland . 
  if you 're interested in the history of dublin , [ here is a great website ] ( http://dublinia.ie/online-learning/everyone/ ) that shows the growth of the town from the viking age to the middle ages , with some highlights of the significant buildings . 
  typical , if it does n't fit your agenda it must be false . 
  i assume you also believe there are more refugees in europe than the middle east , right ? 
  there are about 500,000 refugees in saudi arabia . 
  depends , most gangs are eastern european , then middle eastern immigrants , but also some native bikers and neo-nazi ones . 
  includes all kinds of explosives , homemade , military or fireworks . 
  gang wars , especially drug dealing bikers , with easy imports of blackmarket guns and explosives from eastern europe , mostly the balkans . 
  it 's been a problem for decades but has gotten worse in the last couple of years . 
  so you 're fine with limiting speech , as long as it 's inciting violence ? 
  and no one has the right to say * whatever they want * , there are acceptable limits to speech then ? 
  you 're also fine with the government deciding where the limit between stating an opinion and telling others to commit a crime is as well i assume ? 
  youth has almost always been the most progressive group in society , but ` progressive ' and ` conservative ' change meanings as society moves forward , i actually made a comment about this yesterday , [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5u8cd9/senate_votes_to_block_obama_regulation_that_would/ddsq4t2/ ) . 
   promoting genocide would n't fall under free speech but rather inciting violence . 
  since you said in your first comment ;  under no circumstances ** at all ** should the state or any legislative power have the control of what you are allowed to say i assumed you were in favour of letting people say whatever they want , even if it 's inciting violence . 
  ultimately , i do n't think giving everyone the right to say whatever they feel like benefits society more than it harms it . 
   you do n't consider letting the citizens in your country to be able to speak their mind beneficial ? 
  about absolutely * everything * ? 
  no i do n't . 
   rather you want your elected officials to decide what is fine and not ? 
  to a degree yes . 
   what is beneficial about limiting people from being able to say what they want to say ? 
  stopping people from promoting genocide or mass descrimination towards vulnerable groups would be the biggest benefit . 
  we 've already seen what happens when we allow people to say whatever they want , i do n't fancy seeing it happen again . 
   under no circumstances at all should the state or any legislative power have the control of what you are allowed to say that 's your opinion . 
   see here is the thing with fining `` hate speech '' it is a slippery slope , a party gets control of the state and starts banning everything they disagree with that 's a fallacy and i trust my country 's democratic process enough to stop the government from serious overreach . 
   that 's terrible , and direct opposition to free speech . 
  i do n't believe in total , unlimited free speech and i do n't consider it a benefit to the society i want to live in . 
  honest question , is there anyone here that has actually cancelled or decided not to visit paris/brussels/berlin , or anywhere in europe because of terrorist threats ? 
  considering the statistics it seems so silly to me . 
  i still went on my european vacation like every year and terrorism was not even among my top 10 concerns . 
  i 'm not saying that the church does n't attract tourists , it obviously does , the argument is if it brings in 4 billion $ worth of tourists . 
  i ca n't imagine that the relatively few religious events bring in more tourists than the vatican itself during the whole year . 
  and i do n't see why the vast majority of attendees at weekly masses would n't already be locals . 
  well , st. peter 's , the sistine chapel and all the museums would still be there , just not the pope himself/the holy see . 
  i doubt most tourists go there to see the actual pope . 
  ( i certainly did n't ), 
  i think we in europe should remember our history and realise that the russian people only bring us mass murder and rapes . 
  so anyone of russian origin should have less rights in europe because they are n't suited for our culture . 
  i dream about the society , where the russians will realise this themselves and respect the majority . 
   in a few decades they wo n't be . 
  this is such a ridiculous scare-mongering argument in my opinion because there are sooo many factors that affect demographics at play and ' a few decades ' is such a long time that will bring massive changes to all current factors ( and introduce a whole bunch of * additional * factors ) that 's it 's close to impossible to make any accurate predictions . 
  so you think the majority of the 250,000 births were from first generation immigrants , when they represent less than 15 % of the total population . 
  last time i checked the immigrant birthrates were `` only '' about 1/2 -1 child higher than the native swedish 1.9, 
  well they both have equally bad areas but adjusted by population i think at least stockholm would come out as `` better '' . 
  there 's not really any objectively `` better '' city anyway , i 've lived in malm\u00f6 and it felt like any other city in sweden . 
  i did n't feel unsafe , i did n't get robbed or stabbed . 
  it 's as beautiful as any other city , has nice people ( by swedish social norms ) , has good infrastructure and public transport . 
  people like to shit on the largest cities all the time anyway ( except uppsala , where i 'm living at the moment , we seem to not get too much shit ) . 
  but statistically all our large cities are pretty amazing compared to a lot of europe , and even the west overall . 
  like all cities it has bad areas , but malm\u00f6 has the worst ones in the country and it 'd probably be fair to call it the `` worst '' city in sweden ( it 's still statistically safer than a lot of foreign cities of similar size though , which is good i guess ), 
   and i think we can assume most of the remaining 1/4 is second generation immigrants . 
  why ? 
  second generation immigrants in sweden have similar birthrates as native swedes , although slightly higher , and they 're still a very small part of the overall population . 
  the outliers are the somali immigrants though , who have very high birthrates no matter the generation , but they 're still also small parts of the population . 
  most of the economic migrants from other countries probably wo n't return if they are n't forced too , but i 'd honestly be surprised if most syrians did n't return when it was safe to do so . 
  syria was pretty well developed before the war . 
  and while a lot of people on reddit make it sound like living in europe as an immigrant is a life of luxury , that 's not always the case . 
  these people grew up in syria , their families probably lived there for generations , they could still have family there , they know the culture and they speak the language . 
  they do n't have all that here , sure , they 're provided for economically and i 'm sure they appreciate it , but starting a new life pretty much from scratch in completely different world is tough , especially if they 're older . 
  it 's a `` meme '' ( i guess ) popularized on 4chan , it started with actual finnish posters .
