  what a compelling argument from the clearly intellectually superior hungarian . 
  i wish sweden was more like hungary , life is so awful here . 
  yes ? 
  because todays ` the west ' as a culture came about as a counter to the eastern threat , the ussr . 
  pre ww2 europe was nothing like europe is now , and todays eastern europe is nothing like todays western europe . 
  hungary and poland share barely any of the values of western europe , as is evident by their governments and the people supporting them . 
  poland is very nationalistic , most western countries are n't . 
  poland is homophobic and against lgbt rights by a vast margin , western countries are very supporting of the lgbt community and their laws treat them as equals . 
  poland is extremely religious , and religion obviously plays a big part in their politics , while western countries are becoming less and less religious . 
  poland and hungary are both increasingly hostile towards human rights , western countries are n't . 
  being under the boot of the ussr made you fall behind , and you 've chosen to stay behind for 30 years . 
  i do n't like middle eastern cultures because they are objectively worse than my own , i do n't like eastern european culture because it 's objectively worse than western culture . 
  so hungary and poland were not stuck in the ussr for 50 years while sweden was enjoying the company of the rest of western europe ? 
  sweden does not have more in common with the rest of western nations than hungary and poland ? 
  please , do n't be delusional . 
  nope i 'm white , ghostly pale actually , with blue eyes . 
  not blonde though , might be because of a belgian ancestor 4 generations ago , who knows . 
  i 'm not liberal , i voting for sd , our relatively far right party simply because they 're anti-eu , just because i 'm right leaning does n't mean i have to like other right leaning countries . 
  and yes , they have the right to believe whatever the hell they want , but i know western european culture is objectively superior to theirs , just like it 's objectively superior to middle eastern culture and just like i do n't want to deal with erdogan or any other muslim theocracies , i do n't want to deal with regressive countries like poland . 
   28 years ago yeah , and you 've had 28 years to fix your shit , and you 've been doing relatively well , economically , thanks to the eu . 
  yet on the social side you 're regressing , with no signs of improvement . 
  the polish people are apparently fine with being zeolusly religious , homophobic and racist as long as they can avoid all the scary brown people , and are willing to fuck the eu to stay that way . 
  you voted in pis last election , you 'll most likely vote them in the next election , and parties even further right are more popular among your youth . 
  the polish youth makes my blood boil , and i do n't want anything to do with them . 
   because those countries are part of europe , their leaders have more pushback except the eu and western european leaders are spineless when it comes to dealing with eastern europe . 
  orban and pis are laughing all the way to the bank , and the majority of their people support them . 
  there is no local pushback , polands youth is more right-wing , more nationalistic , more homophobic and more anti-semetic than the generations before , their culture is uncivlized and backwards , why the hell would i want to share a union , much less a federalized one , with them ? 
  love me some good ol' ee hypocrisy . 
  all the poles , hungarians etc screaming about how mena immigrants are `` uncivilized '' and their culture is incompatible with `` the west '' ( which they themselves are n't part of by the way ) , while their own culture is totally the opposite of western europe , while also refusing to change . 
  poles are the ones driving down wages , refusing to learn swedish and breaking into homes , yet you 're not allowed to complain about that because they 're `` white '' europeans . 
   who keeps on declining in the human development index not as far as i know , we 've fallen a spot one year and then went up again the next etc. 
  i know there was one year where we fell 3 spots , but we 've hovered around 10 for years . 
  and we 're still rising at a steady rate . 
  i do remember a un report claiming we 'd be a third world country by something like 2004 . 
  and another claiming it 'd happen around 2015 . 
  and i believe there 's one out now saying it 's going to happen in 2025 , we 'll just have to wait and see i guess . 
  yes , yes i know , eastern europe is the only true saviours of the white race bla bla , western europe is totally collapsing because of muslims right now . 
  heard it all before . 
  while a federal europe does sound good , i just ca n't see it working out . 
  at least not as long as eastern europe keeps choosing to stay 30-50 years behind the west on social issues . 
  being in the eu with poland and hungary is bad enough , more `` integration '' with them sounds awful . 
  doubt it , bb guns are just sold over the counter as far as i know and not sure if it 's different these days but when i got an airgun as a kid it was also just over the counter . 
  actual firearms have a lot of paperwork involved , the majority are properly accounted for making statistics fairly accurate . 
   homophobia is not about not giving sex same marriages . 
  part of homophobia is beliving that homosexuals do n't deserve the same rights as everyone else . 
  being against same sex marriage or same sex adoption is homophobic as long as you believe straight people should have those rights , it 's a pretty simple concept . 
   burning the rainbow does n't mean encouraging violance against gays but what it ment was not accepting the destructive ideology . 
  so burning a rainbow ( multiple times every year , until it was permanently removed ) that 's meant to represent equal rights and tolerance because you do n't support that ideology is n't homophobic according to you ? 
  the leading political party of poland calling the rainbow ` hideous ' and offensive because of ` faggots ' does n't that show some of polands attitude towards homosexuals ? 
  calling lgbt rights a `` destructive ideology '' is n't homophobic ? 
   were there much more assaults on gays in poland than in other countries ? 
  i never claimed * all * poles are homophobes , and assaults on homosexuals is n't the most important factor , very few people get assaulted to begin with , it 's about their overall rights in society , how they 're looked upon by their fellow citizens . 
  however judging by the amount of religious catholics and both the government and the country 's general attitude towards anything progressive or non-conservative this should hardly comes as a surprise , the country does n't even recognize same sex civil unions , which all of western europe does . 
  in 2013 over 60 % of poles were against same sex unions , over 70 % against same sex marriage , almost 90 % were against same sex adoption and almost 70 % of poles were against homosexuals even showing themselves in public . 
  in 2015 only 28 % of poles though same sex marriage should be allowed in europe as a whole . 
   do n't think so especially with muslims in western countries and their attitude against gay people . 
  poles and european muslims have similar attitudes on lgbt rights , but there are over twice as many poles in the eu than there are muslims , and those muslims do n't control the political positions in any country in the eu so their opinions do n't have a very large affect , even if all muslims in sweden or the netherlands were against equal rights and voted accordingly , they 'd still be vastly outnumbered by the non-muslims population . 
  poles control their own country , and they 've decided they do n't think homosexuals deserve to be treated equally . 
   also there is no more homophobia than in other european countries . 
  [ there 's not more homophobia in poland than western europe ? 
  come on now ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mxvydbz.jpg )  law and justice politician bartosz kownacki derogatorily called the installation a `` faggot rainbow '' . 
  another law and justice politician , stanis\u0142aw pi\u0119ta , complained that the `` hideous rainbow had hurt the feelings of believers '' attending the nearby church of the holiest saviour . 
  priest tadeusz rydzyk of radio maryja fame , described it as a `` symbol of deviancy '' . 
  what about same sex rights in poland ? 
  marriage ? 
  adoptions ? 
  you may be as backwards as many of your neighbours but you 're most certainly behind western europe when it comes to tolerance of homosexuals . 
  not that strange really , while gun ownership within cities and the urban population is low , rural sweden is fairly big on recreational shooting and hunting is very big not just in the north but all over the country . 
  over 100,000 moose are shot and killed yearly and then there are the boars , ducks , deers etc. 
  many , maybe even most , hunters also own more than 1 gun , my grandfather and his hunting buddies had 3-5 rifles each and they basically only hunt moose a couple of days per year . 
   and i rather doubt that disagreements on migrant relocation - one of the most controversial topics in eu , with dubious support among citizens of both east and west - is what suddenly made you tip over to voting for anti-eu . 
  well personally i do n't disagree with the migrant relocation , i 'm all for it , and i do n't think the western leaders are pushing hard enough . 
  and you can doubt all you want , but eastern europeans , specifically the v4s , uncooperative attitude on the refugee issue is just the last straw when it comes to my thoughts on eu membership . 
  and yes , just as you say , swedes are generally skeptical towards the eu , myself included , and have been for quite some time . 
  but much of that comes specifically from eastern europeans being in the union if the first place . 
  many swedes are fed up with romanians and bulgarians texting on an iphone while begging outside every single store to send money back home . 
  poles taking jobs and driving down wages while refusing to learn swedish or even english , or working under the table not paying any tax . 
  gypsies scavenging every trashcan and leaving a mess behind their caravans wherever they go . 
  balts getting drunk and breaking into houses to steal shit or getting violent in the streets . 
  balkan gang leaders smuggling drugs and weapons in the south , recruiting middle eastern immigrants and openly having turf wars throwing grenades against eachother . 
  eastern europeans are the second largest demographic in swedish prisons after natives , ahead of the ` violent muslims ' they so despise . 
  and i certainly do n't want to send more of my tax money to orban so he can spend it on anti eu propaganda . 
  poles for example always goes on about how middle eastern culture is incompatible with us in `` the west '' . 
  yet they themselves are one of the most fervently religious people in europe , many of them openly homophobic and racist because of their beliefs and culture , rising amounts of anti-semitic ( without any muslims i might add ) , their abortion and adoption rights are atrocious , their diaspora is flooding the continent and often refuses to assimilate , refusing to learn swedish , they 're taking jobs from natives and driving down wages , their youth is becoming more and more conservative and nationalistic with every generation . 
  all of this is the exact opposite of my own country , my own culture . 
  yet they go on and on about how * others * are `` incompatible '' with the eu , with no sign of self awareness . 
  i 'm sick of them , and i see no chance that they 'll change in the near future , certainly not while in the eu . 
   no , it 's becouse , in case of my government , it 's polish people will . 
  you see , in democracy people get to decide what their country should do , we fought for it . 
  yes , but you also joined the eu knowing that what most countries vote for goes , which sucks for the countries that might disagree . 
  but in cases where it 's not going your way it 's perfectly fine to ignore the majority of the unions will is it ? 
   v4 people for the most part have no intention to leave as eu itself is rather liked ... 
  so what you end up with is a massively divided union with a shitton of angry people on both sides and a crippled ability to discuss anything i 'm fully aware of this , my previous comment was just wishful thinking . 
  eastern europeans are n't going to change which will just lead to lots of bickering between west and east europe . 
  a neutered , hostile union is no good for anyone and will do more harm than good . 
  ultimately eastern europeans culture and attitude is incompatible with my own country and the direction i want western europe to go towards , sadly . 
  it 's the primary reason i 'm voting for the anti-eu party here next year , even though i dislike most of their other policies . 
   * we want to be partners * , france do n't , they are trying to show muscles with migrants quotas , to show who rules in eu , it always was about it . 
  partners that ca n't even honor agreements you previously signed because it 's currently politically inconvenient . 
  ca n't exactly be equal partners with people that do n't want to follow the rules they themselves agreed to .
