  we follow a fairly predictable pattern here when it comes to minority rights . 
  i agree , particularly with the idea of treating turkey accession as the equivalent of a bid for israeli accession . 
  an alternative arrangement seems more appropriate . 
   michael moore is considered scum of the earth by most americans even though i agree with much of what he does . 
  https://youtu.be/m7is43k6lrg?t=1m11s his oscar speech against the iraq war in 2003 was met with boos by most of hollywood . 
  i do not think that you can ascertain how americans feel about michael moore on the basis of an audience reaction at the 2003 oscars . 
  his film , fahrenheit 9/11 [ grossed about 120 million dollars domestically ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=fahrenheit911.htm ) in 2004 . 
  there is clearly an audience for moore in the u.s. 
  he makes millions 'cause millions love his films . 
  and donald trump is leading the republican pack . 
  although if you think that this represents a healthy development in american democracy , that 's something else . 
  edit : as for snowden supporters , i mean you have lincoln chafee , glenn greenwald , and the liberal establishment as represented by the american civil liberties union ( does russia have anything approaching the aclu ? 
  one is skeptical ) . 
  i could go on . 
  there is robust discussion and dissent in the u.s. , like nothing we see out of authoritarian societies . 
  except several major politicians , including presidential candidates . 
  the snowden supporters . 
  a number of public intellectuals . 
  yeah , i mean , no one ever discusses this issue . 
  yes , we 've seen how the russian state goes out of its way to help unpopular minorities facing mob violence . 
  by this standard , the american south was not remotely acquiescent in racist violence . 
  the limitation countries are those that have restrictive constitutional definitions in place , not merely statutory definitions ( as in the `` no recognition '' countries , which provide neither marriage nor a marriage substitute like civil or domestic partnerships ) . 
  in the us this map is very familiar and was the status quo until this past summer . 
  no , but only because the reaction in the us would not be the same as the reaction in other places . 
  having robust free speech protections , which constitute a cultural norm at this point , helps that . 
  please , how many veiled threats of nuclear standoffs has the russian president made in just the last two years ? 
  and russia has a nuclear arsenal that could destroy the world twice over . 
  we were actually allied with the soviets during the 1940s if you recall . 
  and it was the distasteful experience of mccarthyism in the 1950s that made many americans wary of blind nationalism and political scapegoating . 
  one of the most famous moral panic episodes in american history was turned into a play in response to that scapegoating , in point of fact . 
  anyway , no , we did not love communists , but we have a comparatively robust and critical civil society that is not worried about being targeted for execution or imprisonment for holding the wrong political opinions , or having dissident youth crushed by fascistic sensibilities . 
  we do not use nationalism as a pretext to criminalize lgbt political expression , or imprison punk rockers . 
  and so forth . 
  sorry , there are just some things that we do better . 
  indeed . 
  most academics in the humanities and social sciences are probably critical of us foreign policy ; chomsky and moore are just among the more popular expressions of this . 
  it helps that there is a large segment of us society that is skeptical of the country 's foreign policy of course . 
  but it just goes to show , irrational nationalism is not some sort of universal . 
  i have no trouble analyzing something like rt substantively though ; i would n't just say `` consider the source , '' and the same is true with al jazeera , even though many if not most americans believe these sources are anti-american . 
  in the u.s. it would be considered fairly scandalous to treat people this way , even if they were opposed to us foreign policy . 
  i 've tried explaining this multiple times to critical race theorist types who insist that it is racist . 
  i actually do not believe that these critics have any desire to understand laicite or french cultural and political norms . 
  they just want to enable victimization status . 
  so it is futile to try explaining it to people who are bad faith critics . 
  is there something that is amiss substantively from the article ? 
  or is it solely the source that you question ? 
  this seems to be the problem , both in europe and in the us . 
  they need to be reined in by removing their decision making power . 
  they certainly have a joint interest in fighting is , just for completely different reasons . 
   also the funny thing about serbia is that a good deal of neo-nazi organization leaders actually came out of the closet ( no , it 's not a joke ) . 
  i 'm not sure why this should be so surprising . 
  the nationalist issue is more important than the sexuality issue for most far right movements , and historically gays ( closeted usually ) have been involved in most far right movements . 
  in more recent years , the national front and wilders in the netherlands have made a point of reaching out to gays . 
  in the us , trump , who is running a basically nationalist campaign , is the most pro-gay republican candidate . 
  nationalism 2.0 will not look like it did in ages past . 
  attitudes change too quickly . 
   powerful feminists supporting the fight in rojava would be great pr move , which is what rojava needs . 
  their life depends on the west being willing to not allow turkey to crush it . 
  good pr and pressure on political parties would ensure that . 
  there was strong us-based feminist support for female dissidents in afghanistan at the height of the taliban rule . 
  it meant nothing until 9/11 . 
  i do not foresee any difference here , to be honest . 
  almost certainly going to fail , from the polls i could find , and given past precedent . 
  has there been an increase in reported male rapes in sweden ? 
  and if so , is there a relationship to the demographic question ? 
  the stupidity of the article does n't address the more interesting causative factors . 
   there is no way in hell i am trusting that person with a weapon everyone here can have a weapon . 
  so far , we do not have many reported incidents of transgendered individuals engaged in mass shootings . 
  especially possibly the uk and france , i agree . 
  and the latter still has a fairly firm cultural identity it expects from new arrivals . 
   citizenship defines fuck all , blood and culture does . 
  first , what is blood and culture ? 
  and second , what about all of those [ immigrant and northern european societies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli ) ( among others ) that constitute a considerable portion of the world 's population ? 
  although it is not common to have close ties after a couple of generations . 
  i am about as italian as barack obama is scottish , notwithstanding the italian government 's understanding of jus sanguinis . 
  oui , je sais , mais ... the french have a conception of public secularism and civic identity , very much related to that fraternity you mention , that is not compatible with overt muslim identitarianism . 
  they chose to draw a line with some public displays , and that should be respected . 
  i mean , i do n't like the law , but they are enforcing it . 
  is n't that what they are supposed to do ? 
  in some states in the us , we have special dispensation provisions for people who are 21 and under . 
  they enter a plea , successfully complete their sentence and probation , and their conviction is set aside . 
  something similar in germany perhaps ? 
  that being said , in most if not all of those states they would still be registered sex offenders for life , or that would not be available because sexual assaults are not covered . 
  why ? 
  do you think that all americans endorse government surveillance of political groups ? 
  this is what the man said :  `` 15 facts about bandera 's followers , or what the kremlin is n't saying '' accuses moscow of condemning ukrainian nationalists for past collaboration with the nazis , despite the soviet union 's own collaboration with hitler . 
  `` communism and nazism cooperated [ through the molotov-ribbentrop pact ] , but for some reason [ the kremlin ] points the finger at bandera , whom the germans jailed for proclaiming the independence of ukraine , '' the article begins . 
  now the real reason for this prosecution appears to be his sympathies for ukrainian nationalism , as opposed to anything related to russian history :  the man convicted of `` rehabilitating nazism '' is vladimir luzgin , who reposted the `` 15 facts '' article on december 24 , 2014 . 
  he initially confessed to the crime , but later reversed his position , saying he was unaware of the nuremberg tribunal 's verdict . 
  the court consulted 20 different experts during luzgin 's case . 
  * investigators also interrogated his father , who revealed that luzgin is a vocal critic of moscow 's intervention in ukraine . 
  * the only reason that the uk did not declare war on the soviet union was because there was a protocol in the treaty that specified german aggression , not soviet or russian invasion . 
  but to suggest that the ussr shares no blame for the event that virtually everyone agrees marks the start of world war ii is russian revisionism . 
  i do n't know that they are all crimes . 
  because the uk bans content it requires a finding of intent to cause a person harassment , alarm or distress , as well as a finding that the leaflet or word is threatening , abusive or insulting . 
  the fact that there is a complaint does not mean that there was a crime . 
  i 'm aware of that , but presumably distributing leaflets with nationalist messages is not always a crime in the uk either . 
  all that it references is hate crime complaints , not decisions to prosecute . 
   `` in a number of forces , migrants are reporting verbal abuse , negative social media commentary including xenophobic language , anti-migrant leafleting and , in very limited numbers , physical assaults . 
  all of these incidents are under active investigation . '' in the us , only the latter ( possibly `` verbal abuse '' if in the form of a true threat ) would constitute an actual crime .
