  indeed , at multiple points the report references broader trends within a dynamic global religion of islam . 
  rather , it suggests that us policy in the region increased the stature of , and support for , * islamists * , which is of course distinct from jihadists . 
  greenwald plays up western intervention , but downplays religious motivation . 
  indeed , from reading his article you would barely register that these were religiously motivated attacks . 
  he even says religious conviction is a causally insufficient factor , along with xenophobia and nationalism . 
  the only plausible factor , he insists , is anger against us intervention . 
  but the profiles of the jihadists themselves , as well as their intellectual sources , raise some questions about that motivation . 
  why was qutb radicalized in the united states in the late 1940s ? 
  why did he mostly write about american decadence and immorality , as opposed to us foreign policy ? 
  why was he bothering to decry jazz as music created by `` savage bushmen ... to satisfy their primitive desires '' ? 
  ( he meant blacks , btw ) . 
  greenwald 's causal theory would be considered extremely weak if applied , for example , to nazis . 
  see , nazis may have some racist motivations , but this was really about the crippling effects of sanctions and a desire to redistribute the unearned wealth of an economically privileged german minority that had unfairly earned the favor of despotic monarchs over the last few centuries , while robbing ordinary and humble germans of their belongings . 
  speaking of germans , they were also concerned with anti-germanism abroad , and the targeting of germanic minorities in the baltic states . 
  sure , they had some racist ideas , but that was not the only thing that motivated so many germans to support them . 
  after all , who would go to war over some abstract thing like racism ? 
  no , france , britain and the u.s. and its allies simply refused to own up to their role in promoting national socialism through their misguided policies , giving the nazis recruits . 
  no need for me to go on . 
  you can see how serious such an analysis would be taken in that context . 
  well it is done sometimes ; a good example is the july 2008 `` terrorist fist bump '' new yorker cover . 
  that was condemned by both the republican and democratic campaigns and received tons of criticism from american liberals . 
  some of our comedians also criticize racism this way ( sarah silverman , dave chappelle , amy schumer ) , with varied results in terms of responses . 
  unfortunately , we have a growing number of insipid ideologues who can not appreciate subversive american humor or satire ; getting them to understand the french version is a complete waste of time . 
  that being said , in europe there were plenty of muslims who were offended by these cartoons and equated them with racism , and they had european leftist defenders . 
  emmanuel todd , for example , and his claim that `` zombie catholicism '' was the basis for support for ch . 
   i always found it very dishonest how charlie hebdo was instrumentalized by right wingers . 
  i thought it was even more dishonest how it was demonized by left wingers as a racist rag . 
  perhaps that did not happen as much in europe , but in the us there were a number of lefty people ( i.e. , glenn greenwald ) decrying the magazine as racist . 
  he then published anti-semitic cartoons on his website , to demonstrate that they were equivalent to the `` racist '' ch cartoons . 
   racism against muslim groups usually takes place against members of a muslim community though , so the label applies . 
  i think the appropriate term is anti-muslim animus or something along those lines . 
  people can be irrationally opposed to arab muslims and not have any problem with arabs , for example . 
  it is an animus based on the religion , not the ethnicity or race , real or perceived . 
  now it is true that skin color can be a proxy for that animus , but unless it is an animus directed at all arabs , to use that example , i do n't see how it is racism or ethnocentrism . 
  are you suggesting that muslims are an ethnoreligious group ? 
  it is actually a fairly small faction of that said `` side '' in the united states . 
  it is not like critical race theorists that support these speech restrictions constitute anything approaching a majority in places like the us . 
  europe has always had more problematic speech codes , and the debate over charlie hebdo reflects , in my opinion , the problems with policing speech generally . 
  in the us the first amendment has largely neutralized that discussion . 
  europe seems to prefer a different approach , and it gets different results . 
  haaretz , however , should be more concerned about speech limitations being imposed much closer to their own headquarters . 
  south korea 's access to us markets was not unlimited , to the best of my knowledge . 
  but trade was certainly a pillar of the relationship . 
  the french quarter in new orleans was much , much worse ... and interesting . 
  it seems that the french legacy of debauchery trumps our more sedate anglo traditions . 
   how is gay marriage related to legal equality ? 
  they are couples that are similarly situated to heterosexual couples , and so they are being treated the same way that heterosexual couples are treated under the law . 
  the problem with the traditionalist invocation of `` tradition '' a la fiddler on the roof is that tradition is almost entirely irrelevant to what marriage is today . 
  same-sex marriage would have been incomprehensible a couple of hundred years ago , but only because there would be no colorable claim that the then extremely gendered and non-partnership version of marriage was at all related to equality under the law . 
   you referred to gay marriage as `` minority rights '' because gays are a minority . 
  that part seems pretty simple . 
  at first , voluntarily . 
  then the little confederate bastards got uppity and had to be put in their place . 
  sad really ; they are just so prone to violence , criminality and ill manners that they ca n't help themselves . 
  i understood . 
  and i agree with your point , although i personally would probably not extend the definition of racism to encompass culture . 
  that 's their game . 
   it was never voted on not true . 
  it failed miserably at first , but the percentages kept shifting in its favor until by 2012 the referendums were a sweep . 
  at that point , there was no desire to put the issue to referendum because opponents knew what the result would be in a number of states . 
   i fail to see how majority consensus gives validity to your view point . 
  it does n't provide validity , just legitimacy . 
   it 's completely illogical and it presumes that because something is playing in your favor at this moment in time that it is somehow ethical and pragmatic . 
  see above . 
   you completely sidestepped my point because you are unable to rationally defend your cheesy/disingenuous `` marriage equality '' slogan . 
  i am pretty sure that you were the first to bring the slogan up in this thread . 
   we all know that social identities are constructed by defining itself in opposition to an other . 
  now history has presented a perfectly suited other in the form of anti-enlightenment , anti-individual-emancipation sharia society . 
  but many federalists appear to hesitate , after the charlie hebdo bombings i did get the impression that a historic window of opportunity for europe had opened , but now it appears to be rather fading out . 
  do n't worry , islam will be around for a while longer yet . 
  that window of opportunity you reference is not yet closing . 
  when europeans travel abroad , they have a sense of themselves as a `` group . '', 
  we americans feel the same way ; it is particularly nice now that the bulk of you can speak english ( well , the ones we meet anyway ) . 
  but how would europeans define themselves as a kind of cultural group , exactly ? 
  solely against radical islam ? 
  that seems like a basis for a temporary political alliance with the russosphere , and not much else . 
  you not only have no common language , something that was rather important for us , but you have an unworkable number of languages . 
  and before you point to the communalism-prone indian subcontinent , i 'd just remind you that the ascending movement is hindutva , not some vague version of indian nationalism . 
  ethnic nationalism at the national and subnational level appears to be stronger . 
  they also advance a kind of confederation model and coordinate with their `` brethren '' overseas . 
  unfortunately as you might guess , we call these people white supremacists/racists/white nationalists here in the states , and they are deeply unpopular among rational people . 
  i 'd rather see the european project fall apart than unite under the banner of white nationalism . 
  i suspect that there will be more fundamental technological , ecological , social and political developments that render this a quaint interregnum of sorts . 
  the horizon suggests developments that will sufficiently change human nature and simultaneously require a high degree of international cooperation that will hopefully enable meaningful global governance . 
  not in our lifetime perhaps , but the seeds are being planted now . 
  the people of the united states disagree , as do the governing authorities . 
  better luck next time . 
  indeed that was shameful . 
  do you really want to compare america 's wartime behavior with that of nazi germany , soviet russia and imperial japan , though ? 
  i am very happy to do so . 
  a few points : 1 . 
  the russian nuclear inventory is actually [ higher than the us inventory ] ( http://www.armscontrol.org/factsheets/nuclearweaponswhohaswhat ) . 
  we did use nuclear weapons in japan . 
  this use was fairly limited and , while horrific , was almost certainly nothing compared to what the use would have been had imperial japan , nazi germany or soviet russia gotten their hands on the weapons . 
  now if you want to debate the issue of nuclear proliferation , that 's one thing . 
  but we are talking about an aggressive and authoritarian government that has recently touted its nuclear arsenal in public exchanges with the united states . 
  i see no moral equivalency , notwithstanding the attempts to paint our government as the source of all evil . 
  yes , although the bulk of those states ( around 20 ) were the result of federal challenges to anti-gay marriage laws following the court 's 2013 * windsor * decision , which struck down the defense of marriage act . 
  apart from that , three were the result of popular referendums ( maine , maryland , washington ) and the remainder were state court decisions ( massachusetts , iowa , new jersey , new mexico , connecticut ) or state legislative action ( vermont , minnesota , new hampshire , new york , illinois , delaware , rhode island ) . 
  as is often the case with social progress in the u.s. , the courts led the way , which paved the way for public debate and discussion , backlash , then judicial review of that backlash , etc.
