i remember meeting girls when i was a 17 year old spending my first summer in central france and everyone looking at me weirdly because they were waiting for la bise . 
  it took quite a while to become accustomed to it . 
  a fairly sensationalist headline , given that the declassified documents in question were being covered by the telegraph in september of 2000 . 
  to be clear , the us supported european integration through the early 1960s largely because of cold war calculations and concern over germany . 
  since that time , american interest and commitment to integration has waned substantially , and is more focused on areas that affect us interests in a post-cold war environment ( just as it was focused on areas that affected us interests during the cold war , even some that were potentially bad for the us ' competitive advantage , like the common market ) . 
  i 'm sure our government would be mildly annoyed with a brexit . 
  the only problem would be the possibility of eu disintegration across the board and the adoption of some third way option that involved closer alignment with russia , although that is doubtful anyway . 
  well if the israeli government and the saudi government hates her because of her criticism of their rights record , she must be doing something right . 
  i think that this telegraph headline is misleading , although it is difficult to be sure from the quotes . 
  if you read the article , the chancellor is talking about the rising tendency not to denounce people like rhodes , but to shut out debate with opposing ideas :  `` but if people at our university are n't prepared to show the generosity of spirit which nelson mandela showed towards rhodes and towards history , if they are not prepared to embrace all those values which are contained in the most important book for any undergraduate -- karl popper 's open society -- if they are not prepared to embrace those issues , then maybe they should think about being educated elsewhere . 
  but i hope they will embrace those issues and engage in a debate . '' he cites a lot of different issues . 
  i do n't think the critique is totally coherent , but it is more related to issues of academic freedom and attempted stigmatization of alternative viewpoints . 
  my observation : this is an external view of americans ( at least white americans ) quite common in europe . 
  as in , why do you call yourself german when it is clear to any rational observer you are american ? 
  and the simple answer is that we are the product of settler colonies that eschewed ethnic nationalism for something else . 
  some leftists claim it was mostly about securing white supremacy , but i think that the reality is more nuanced : we had a dominant anglo protestant majority that figured out how to assimilate some groups and not others , and we ended up with `` white '' as a description because of both the group created by the assimilation goals in the north with respect to certain immigrant waves as well as the racial categories that were crafted largely in the south . 
  as a result you do n't really have an `` ethnically american '' category , even though it seems pretty apparent to me that we are a fairly distinct cultural and national group . 
  in the us , americans of predominantly european descent learning about their heritage and incorporating it into their self-identity is at considered somewhat preferable to the racial alternative , at least until americans begin to see themselves as a distinct cultural group . 
  the question of socioeconomic deprivation as the cause of radicalization in western countries is an empirical one . 
  sadly for the proponents of this theory , there is very little evidence that the most radical elements are particularly deprived , at least when compared to their counterparts . 
  what they do have in common is lack of marital partners , relatively young age ( average of late twenties ) , and comparatively high educational levels . 
  perhaps most revealing , they have fairly low levels of religious observance in their early youth , but they do have exposure to the religion . 
  some studies and samples of jihadists buck these averages ( australia , where they are comparatively poorer , less educated and more likely to have wives and children ) . 
  but in the uk , us and western europe there is remarkable consistency . 
  it is possible that isis has changed this equation , but we wo n't really know until there are better studies out there . 
  which makes them not much different from any other radical movement that has the support of young males , as far as i can tell . 
  and while it is possible that anti-muslim discrimination helps explain their comparatively poor labor market prospects ( you 'd have to compare it to the muslim population , the general population and other social groups to make a more informed estimate ) , it is worth noting that although these levels of unemployment are high comparatively , that does not constitute a majority of jihadists . 
  moreover , you have to account for the student ages of this population ; their lack of employment may reflect university status or be comparable to their peers for other reasons . 
  also , let 's be clear about their stated motivations : religious . 
  that is what they say is the reason that they are taking up arms against the west and other perceived `` enemies of islam '' abroad . 
  perhaps there are `` deeper '' causal factors at play , but it is ridiculous to simply ignore that . 
  well , we know that bainimara would just overthrow any government that passed a same-sex marriage bill . 
  and if the courts determined that the coup was illegal , he would just dissolve the courts . 
  source : past precedent . 
  right , i agree . 
  people who tend to violence and people who suppress anger become mad dogs , as you say . 
  also low empathy people . 
  maybe certain cultural patterns influence this outcome , particularly if drinking is not normally permitted . 
  we do not criminalize libel per se ; civil liability is the worst case scenario . 
  the only time the government can criminalize lying is basically when it is done to procure some material benefits . 
  very different from even english common law . 
  both are problems indicating that social issues are not necessarily being adequately addressed , but still not equivalent to actual rape , actual assault , actual terrorism , etc. 
  also people debating islamism or jihadist ideology online are not necessarily planning or coordinating criminal activities , same goes for right wing nationalism . 
  that 's something we accept in free societies . 
  i agree with your assessment of the european leadership , but i think that the problem is much , much more dire in europe than the united states . 
  our major integration challenge concerns populations from mexico and central america , the philippines , india , korea , china , south america and vietnam . 
  these are all populations that we have more or less successfully integrated in the past . 
  for the life of me , i can not see much of a difference between the current latino immigration wave and the southern italian immigration wave at the turn of the last century . 
  most of the fears that trump is using to recruit voters on the illegal immigration question relies on scare tactics and misrepresentation of crime statistics . 
  by contrast , europe has a major linguistic , religious and cultural disconnect with muslim immigrants . 
  it is reflected in their material success levels in these societies , but this is not akin to the problems faced by black americans , for instance , as there is no equivalent multigenerational history of slavery and apartheid to point to , and arab minorities ( be they jewish , christian or some other sect ) have successfully integrated into a number of societies . 
  so that leaves what exactly ? 
  tl ; dr : the immigration issues facing europe and the united states are not comparable on a one to one basis and trump is similar but different from the european far right populists as a result . 
   excluding calls for violence that is . 
  as in , imminent lawless action , the hate speech equivalent to yelling fire in a crowded theater . 
  but not advocacy of violence or illegal action in the future . 
  it may be the case that this incident has nothing to do with religion . 
  however , it is coordinated , and similar planned and/or executed attacks are now being reported in helsinki , zurich and salzburg , with helsinki in particular interesting , because the attack was interrupted by six arrests ( so it was certainly on a smaller scale ) , although there are now reports of other consummated assaults , and there 's conflicting information about the possible relationships of the events in these countries to each other . 
  the only problem is that a planned , coordinated string of assaults and robberies is far less xenophobic than the suggestion that this was a spontaneous eruption of arab culture on new years ( which some have suggested , purportedly to allay concerns but to be honest that is probably more disconcerting to most people ) . 
   the horrid treatment of women at cologne is not necessarily rooted in religion agreed . 
  we do not have enough information ( any information really ) to make that kind of judgment yet . 
  but i was not responding to a suggestion that it was unrelated to religion , i was responding to a suggestion that islamic practices as identified in the satirical cartoon somehow diminish rape . 
  we know that is n't true . 
   it 's more of a problem with the culture in the middle-east . 
  i do n't know that we can say that , either . 
   that 's why there were no turkish immigrants ( biggest immigrant group in germany ) that joined the atrocities in cologne . 
  it 's different cultures . 
  well , they are not part of the same network living in the same asylum housing , with the same set of connections . 
  that does n't mean much . 
  i would n't expect muslims from india or pakistan to participate either , particularly given that in all cases there would probably be linguistic barriers . 
   also , if you think it 's islamic fundamentalism that 's the root cause of this , i expressed my belief that we have no evidence to suggest that it is at the moment . 
   then how would you explain the rampant rape problems in many other parts of the world where islam has no reach . 
  rape is a major human problem , period . 
  some cultures and systems of governance have approaches to rape , however , that actually condone it or discourage it from being prosecuted , be it legalizing rape in the marital context , allowing a marriage consummated after the rape to avoid punishment , or imposing serious consequences if there is insufficient evidence to justify a prosecution . 
  it so happens that there was one particular backwards region a few thousand years ago that produced a few major world religions with horrifyingly backwards approaches to gender and proceeded to spread those systems through the dissemination of abrahamic monotheism , cementing these horrible standards as part of divine law . 
   i 'm not saying the two should be seperated but i think if you start analyzing the situation wildly and inaccurately you 're not really getting anywhere . 
  that 's true . 
  here is the [ link ] ( http://www.helsinkitimes.fi/finland/finland-news/domestic/13680-krp-six-men-arrested-for-public-incitement-to-offence.html ) for the helsinki story reported on new years day , describing the arrests that took place early on new years eve . 
  i am really curious to see what was disclosed to them prior to the arrest , because although the report indicates that it was not believed to be a terrorism related incident , there 's something about a coordinated criminal attack on new years that is highly suggestive of at least possible terrorism . 
  if that information was shared in a database beforehand it might have improved the situations in other cities . 
  or at least something to consider for the future . 
  plenty of islamic fundamentalists , islamists and jihadists are bad muslims though . 
  an isis commander was just banished ( as opposed to executed ) after having sex with a 15 year old boy ( who was thrown off a building ) . 
  the fact that they are religious ideologues does not mean that they are adhering perfectly to the religion , or refusing to exercise pragmatic judgment when the situation calls for it . 
  this is just another way of preserving the `` no true muslim '' argument . 
  this is about the content of the ( satirical ) cartoon . 
  we have seen that islamic fundamentalists , particularly of the islamist variety , are rarely beholden to strict maintenance of the standards of behavior expected of muslims . 
  there are islamic fundamentalists that have come to europe . 
  not all islamic fundamentalists are jihadists who support armed groups fighting in the middle east . 
  when you say `` this muslim = race thing is getting more and more common , '' i have no idea what that means in the context of my comment . 
  if i read this correctly , the department for organized crime has taken over the investigation in cologne , operating under the assumption that this was a coordinated attack ? 
  or at least that it can not be ruled out at this stage ? 
  which means that the prosecutors at least are acknowledging the possibility that there was an underlying purpose behind the attacks , quite apart from mere mayhem . 
  it will be interesting to see what they can come up with ; no conspirator group that large lacks a paper ( or metadata ) trail . 
  you think that an islamic fundamentalist home is the situs of consensual sex on the part of the women there ? 
  or that there is no rape in places that actually enforce these rules ? 
  or that you can even identify your rapist without risking more severe punishment for adultery ? 
  an interesting article . 
  i feel there is much to deconstruct here : 1 . 
  the 2004 task force report that greenwald cites does not , in fact , go into any great detail that would suggests * terrorists * ( or more specifically , violent jihadists ) are motivated by western intervention .
