  he knew i was n't going to push anyone . 
  but the point is that he was experienced with this sort of thing . 
  he knew how he had to act around these people to not get trampled . 
  and the other boys were crazy and annoying for sure , but iran in general was really bad at standing in line at that time . 
  it was n't this bad at the bakery but the general vibe was like that . 
  however , iran has improved immensely in this regard since then . 
  i ca n't remember a single line-cutting incident from last summer . 
  this * is * at least partly a cultural thing . 
  but it 's also something that * can * change quickly . 
  most of them are trying incredibly hard to integrate . 
  practically none of them are trying to force their ideologies on us . 
  i think a lot of refugees would actually be able to do quite well for themselves in poland . 
  you 're probably underestimating polands potential for economic growth . 
  but your perception of them and their perception of you matters . 
  they know that a country like hungary is less likely to accept their asylum application . 
  so it 's pretty simple really . 
  aaaaand then you pout about why we ca n't have a sensible discussion about immigration . 
  pathetic . 
  yes , exactly . 
  but you still ca n't get on the plane without a visa . 
  i mean come on do you honestly think that anyone would pay 5000 $ to jump on a crowded raft if they had a better option ? 
  politics and emotions aside , this is a great photo . 
  i 'm afraid they actually believe it , which is probably the worst . 
  ok , newsflash . 
  the people that are able to make this sort of journey are not the poorest of their countries in the first place . 
  because there are no legal ways for poor people to apply for asylum . 
  but no amount of money keeps you safe from isis . 
  which is why people with money leave . 
  dude , i do n't fucking know . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  clearly we ca n't take in * everyone * , and we are n't . 
  it 's amazing how you just popped out of a woman 's vagina and still feel this entitled . 
  one hundred and sixty seven trillion . 
  so , because other nations choose not to take in refugees , europe should n't either ? 
  we all have a responisbility towards others . 
  that some people decide not to take responsibility does not free us from that . 
  immigration is n't forced . 
  you sound like a conspiracy nut . 
  you 're right that it 's not simple . 
  for integration to happen people of different backgrounds need to meet , and segregation * does * play a role in that . 
  of course , integration is more than language . 
  it 's a complicated issue . 
  i just wanted to add a bit of insight to the very common idea that integration fails becuase of segregation . 
  segregation is a part of a complex problem . 
  * the kids are not necessarily restricted to their local community . 
  clearly they need to speak german in their daily lives to learn it , and they need to learn it from germans . 
  but living in a neighborhood with 40 % of non-german origin does n't exactly stop you from doing that . 
  in a neighborhood like that you will still have immigrants that speak perfect german and then you 'll have 60 % germans . 
  * that they speak arabic with their parents does * not * mean that they will be slower at learning german , quite the opposite . 
  most parents could never teach their children a language that they themselves have learned in adulthood . 
  this * has * been tried and it * has * had disastrous results , with children learning a broken version of the new language and never getting an opportunity to learn the first language of their parents . 
  this leads to a double alienation as well as poor cognitive skills overall . 
  * on the flipside , mastering two languages at an early age boosts cognitive skills . 
  so ideally , kids will learn arabic from their parents and keep it fresh with other adults in their neighborhood , and they will learn german from germans . 
  * as you alluded in your comment , it is not enough to know the language perfectly and have the right skills for a job . 
  there is actual racism that stops a lot of immigrants from getting many jobs . 
  i know that it 's uncomfortable to talk about but it 's the truth . 
  similar to how some women will enlarge their breasts and find out they get way more attention from men , exposing a ( cultural ) truth about men ; we have immigrants who just change their names and suddenly get jobs . 
  * many immigrants are entrepeneurs , and many that are employed are actually employed by other immigrants . 
  this * is * a big problem but it 's also another part of the reasoning why immigrants choose to live in their own little bubbles . 
  because there , they do not get discriminated against . 
  i 'm not trying to say that having a high percentage of foreign-born in a neighborhood is unproblematic . 
  i 'm trying to say that it does actually have some advantages , as well as some explainations that ca n't just be forced away by for instance relocating people . 
  many ( most ) people that live like that hav n't chosen to do so because they do n't care about integrating with their new culture , but because of the reasons stated above . 
  brothers and sisters , when our bodies fertilize the soil our grandchildren 's grandchildren will be able to look back to this moment with their heads held high , reminiscing how we , the backbone of europe , built the biggest strawmen that man has ever dreamt of , comfortably sitting at our computers on a saturday morning !, 
  i respect that a lot . 
  this is such a good point . 
  why the fuck would you send kids on a terrifying journey like this ? 
  if you have the option , you send a man . 
  he does whatever he can to get asylum so he can bring in the rest of the family . 
  completely rational . 
  the counter argument is of course that these people are genuinely trying to do what they think is best for their kids . 
  it was obviously a big mistake to get into that truck , no one is disputing that . 
  the reasoning behind getting to say for example sweden is not only that you might get better benefits , but also that your asylum application might actually be granted . 
  and even if it is n't granted you 're not immidiately chucked out of the country . 
  for some people that 's worth the journey . 
  they have most likely put their lives in the hands of the smugglers many times before . 
  to get over the mediterranean for instance . 
  loads of people make that crossing every day . 
  most of them do n't die . 
  just like loads of people fly by airplane and most people , even if discomforted by the prospect of getting into a metal tube that shoots through the sky , still get in just go on vacation . 
  tl ; dr they had to trust criminals to get to safety . 
  they trusted criminals again to get to a place that might actually grant asylum . 
  they had no reason to believe they would die in that truck , since people make that journey all the time . 
  people are individuals . 
  nations are social constructs . 
  wow you know everything !, 
  care to share more tales from your travels ? 
  the reason that this sort of treaty is agreed upon is because everyone realizes that solidarty equals security . 
  if you 're already unfortunate enough to have to seek asylum , you at least get similar opportunities as the people in your host country . 
  that spells security for * everyone * . 
  pure altruism is very seldom the reasoning behind anything . 
  in the end , solidarity is * rational * . 
  again : nations are n't people . 
  your flair is `` mods are pretty cool guys '' . 
  i did n't recognize the flag of your city . 
  i know food is much cheaper in spain but you still seem to get away really inexpensively , which is cool . 
  yep . 
  yes , basically . 
  a bit less maybe .
