  but i do n't see why you should feel uneasy about it . 
  how do you think i felt about picking up f !, 
  ballots in my little village ? 
  if i wanted to i could have taken one of each but i did n't really feel the need . 
  in the end nobody cared . 
  because , with this system , you can take a blank slip and write anything you want on it , such as kalle anka-partiet . 
  it 's clearly superior . 
  and instead of kalle anka-partiet you can also write something serious . 
  you 're * supposed * to take a leaflet from each party . 
  that 's how they teach you to vote . 
  take * one of each * , go behind the curtain , put * one * in the envelope and leave . 
  you can even take a blank one and just write the name of whatever party you 're voting for . 
  we used to do that in sweden too but then we realised , why not just make a new word ? 
  it 's easy , it 's more accurate , and it pisses off conservatives . 
  in 1995 ( that 's 19 years ago for those of you who ca n't count ) mona sahlin was minister of labour and used a credit card that was meant for expenditures in her work for private things . 
  she spent about 5000 euros on herself ( at different occasions , it was all little things like diapers and chocolate and stuff ) . 
  she left the receeds and they were checked by , among others , journalists that wrote about it , which they honestly should have . 
  she then reacted in a non-appropriate way when confronted with this and claimed that she did n't understand the rules or said that it was n't so bad . 
  it should however be noted that in reality she did n't break any law and that she paid all the money back . 
  it does n't seem like she had any intention of stealing form public funds . 
  she had to step down from her candidacy to become leader of socialdemokraterna which would have made her prime minister because of it ( in 1995 that is ) , and she also likely lost the 2010 election which also would have made her prime minister due to it 's memory . 
  when sympathisers of sverigedemokraterna say that only sd get scrutinized and that it 's unfair they are fucking crybabies . 
  all politicians get scrutinized , but yeah , it 's unfair . 
  because some we forgive and some we do n't . 
  carl bildt for example basically started a war , but he 's the voice of reason and all . 
  both of those incidents led to them basically leaving politics . 
  they have made their comebacks several years later but are n't forgiven by most . 
  and honestly those incidents are nothing compared to waving an iron bar around . 
  or to be a racist . 
  if you honestly believe that there 's a media conspiracy going on against nationalism i think you need to start taking * deep * breaths . 
  calm down friend , no one is out to get you . 
  i remember about 12 years ago janne josefsson and crew did covert interviews with election workers and found many moderates stating horrible things . 
  one guy said that pinochet did n't do enough for example . 
  he pretty much got beat to a pulp and fed to the crows . 
  so yeah . 
  really ? 
  she wrote a quite long piece about why she was completely wrong for doing it , and even went further about the problems that exist within the romani group . 
  and she did it what , 20 years ago ? 
  sd on the other hand are not only routinely make racist statements but also use it in their official propaganda . 
  i 've got a little flyer in my had stating that the cost of immigration is overwhelming but nobody knows exactly what the cost is because of pc asshats . 
  i have one word for you : oecd . 
  thanks for answering !, 
  too bad about the site . 
  do you know if irish torrents are usually tagged in a certain way ? 
  swedish torrents always have `` swe '' or `` swesub '' in the title for example . 
  you 're right . 
  since my english is okay i very much prefer to see movies without subtitles , and get very distracted if i have to watch a movie with subtitles . 
  even so much so that i used to tape paper strips over where the subtitles would be on our tv in the livingroom when i was a kid . 
  but i would watch a movie with subtitles over a dubbed one any day , even if i do n't speak the language . 
  to each his own and all that , but i do believe that subtitles is superior for the viewer , and it 's also much cheaper . 
  with tv , some people are lazy and just want it as their little chattering friend in the background . 
  ( and some people actually watch . ), 
  but many , and especially with regard to movies , actually want to watch the thing . 
  they immerse themselves in the story . 
  very rarely is dubbing so well made that it does n't take away from the immersion . 
  oh man i wish i could understand irish so i could watch south park in irish . 
  think i 'm going to do it anyway actually . 
  there are torrents right ? 
  are you sure that your brain is compeltely intact ? 
  might want to check it up . 
  careful with that air you 're breathing , i 'm choking over here !, 
  the only entity known and proven to use human shields is the idf . 
  meanwhile , gaza itself is packed with people and they are being defended by a militia . 
  gaza is occupied territory , occupants can not by law attack their land by military force . 
  wake the fuck up !, 
  why would it be ? 
  anyway , i find it hard to believe hamas would enjoy much support from palestinians if it was n't for israel 's continued transgressions . 
  i think if there is any kind of security hamas dwindles and becomes a non-factor as a result . 
  sure , i understand . 
  really ? 
  and these people constantly implying that sweden is a muslim state because they read so on some blog are what exactly ? 
  whatever . 
   any source for your claims ? 
  it 's widely known that r\u00f6d falu houses are the `` typical '' swedish house . 
  only big cities have apartments . 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's post-card sweden right there , and not in any way representative of how 95 % of people live . 
   you do n't really need a flagpole to raise a flag so i ca n't see your point . 
  again , what ? 
  yeah you can have a flag in your window or on a small pole on your patio , but * many of the flagpoles that exist do n't even fly a pennon * . 
  just ... think about it . 
  put two and two together here . 
   people do raise flags everywhere , it 's less common in the city but on the countrside a lot of people raise flags . 
  it 's nowhere near rare or even uncommon . 
  okay , maybe we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i say that , in the countryside , easily less than 25 % of people fly a flag of any kind . 
  ( i would call that common for sure ! ), 
  that is the actual countryside , not the suburbs . 
  by the way , that 's a fraction of sweden 's population living in the countryside . 
  as i said , it 's much more common on the countryside and in actual summerhouses . 
  * those are not typical swedish houses . 
  * emptly flagpoles are a common sight . 
  think about that for a moment . 
  i 'm not saying people do n't fly flags from their balconies in the city or on the patio of villas in the suburbs , because they do . 
  but it 's not common in any way . 
  edit : finally , the countries that you list are examples of `` non-controversial '' flags . 
  no one cares about a dutch flag , they think it 's kinda cool . 
  flying an albanian flag is cheeky . 
  flying an israeli flag is weird and i would imagine seems like a political statement to many . 
  not really .
