  did you see any threads about this ? 
  do you see people spamming / r/europe about how sweden is going to shit ? 
  guess why . 
  did sd post on facebook demanding a statement from the pm ? 
  guess why . 
  and the sad thing is that this is a * real * issue , because this sort of thing is way too common in sweden . 
  mental health institutions are severly underequipped and this is not the first time this sort of thing happens . 
  even the guy who murdered anna lindh was mentally ill . now , for the sake of argument , let 's assume that the ikea murderer was also mentally ill . 
  i do n't know what his motivations were , and maybe he actually felt like he was carrying out god 's will or whatever , but someone that just stabs two random people and then proceeds to harakiri does n't seem that mentally fit to me . 
  would it be unreasonable to claim that our focus is misplaced , when we allow people to chuck eggs at the migrant housing where the ikea murderer used to live ? 
  and reddit defends these actions by saying `` it 's no worse than murder '' ? 
  the stats are n't racist . 
  it 's a well-known fact that immigrants are more likely to commit violent crimes , just like it 's a well-known fact that the poor are more likely to commit violent crimes . 
  and that 's your fucking connection . 
  finns used to be heavily over-represented in violent crime 40 years ago . 
  actually , they * still * are . 
  what 's racist is how you use the stats to try to further your own racist agenda . 
  anti-semitism being on the rise is true , and it 's not only because of muslim immigration , but that 's an important component . 
  it 's still a really shitty argument against immigration but there 's no reason to deny facts . 
  the whole `` immigrants are racists , send them home on the boat they came on '' is hilariously stupid . 
  * this is how i interpreted his statement : that the people we think of as native swedes are actually immigrants . 
  ( there is a native population in sweden treated like `` indians '' but he did n't mention how they are still getting fucked , but whatever . ), 
  swedish culture has just started maturing in the bigger perspective of human culture . 
  * if he has said that it merely reflects on the fact that if 2 equally qualified candidates try for a job , the guy named mohammad will in 99 cases out of a hundred hear that the position is filled . 
  it 's still a stupid thing to say , but i hardly believe that he actually meant that we should have inequality as a rule . 
  and fuck you . 
  * yes . 
  as in rate of change in antisemitism , not absolute numbers . 
  in absolute numbers we 're still the fucking best . 
  as always . 
  bleed blue and yellow sucker !, 
  yes but how is denmark at the bottom of group 1 ? 
  i 've always perceived danes as more healthy than swedes . 
  explain yourselves danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  why the fuck would a saudi come to germany ? 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  this is of course an issue with secular people too . 
  they might not have a problem with homosexuality in principle , but then they might freak out if it 's their own kid . 
  in sweden , i believe this has changed a lot in the last 20 years in the general population . 
  i think we are way more accepting of homosexuality now , and most parents will generally not have an issue with their kids being gay . 
  at least not after getting used to it . 
  the same is probably not true for the muslim population right now , and that 's a problem . 
  but with the proper support for the kids and given a bit of time i believe it will be solved . 
  as much as i hate front national , it 's not really fair to compare them with terrorists . 
  it demeans the meaning of the word . 
  but you are probably right that the lack of legitimate outlets for unhappy arabs in europe is part of the problem . 
  i mean , foreingers are n't even allowed to be unhappy ; the moment they mention anything they get shouted at to go the fuck back to the desert that we bombed . 
  first of all , devout is not the same as fundamentalist . 
  second -- fundamentalists are the minority -- not the other way around . 
  and a muslim immigrant saved the day . 
  europe is safer now than i has ever been . 
  to claim that it 's getting worse is simply false , and to claim that it 's getting worse because of immigration is doublefalse , retarded , and * yes buddy you guessed it : * racist . 
  cats ? 
  how is it misleading ? 
  i * just * told you that refugees are a net loss . 
  the majority of the net gain comes from europe and countries such as america , australia , china etc. 
  however , we also get `` economic immigrants '' that come with skills and do get empoyed farily quickly . 
  from countries such as egypt , india , iraq et.c . 
  their * rhetoric * is that they want to move money from one instance to the other , but their actual suggestion is to cut both . 
  i believe they wanted to cut humanitarian aid by 20 % , to `` conform '' better with other european countries . 
  their underlying idea is that sweden sucks and that we should spend more money on ourselves because that will fix the problem . 
  they are particularly fond of claiming that care of the elderly is in a bad state because of immigration . 
  when in reality , many of the problems sweden has can not be fixed with extra resources . 
  all in all , sd is a big distraction . 
  the guy just argued that because fear is an emotion , it must thus be embraced and allowed to rule . 
  just keep that in mind if you 're going to further exhange with him . 
  * immigrants * as a whole * are * a net benefit . 
  the sub-group of refugees may not be . 
  by the way , iq in general is not a good indicator of basically anything . 
  it is certainly not a good guage of intelligence , whatever that may be defined as . 
  sweden already gives a large part of its gdp as humanitarian aid ( ~ 1 % ) , ie to the epicentres . 
  of course , sd is the only political party that wants to decrease that amount , all while using the rhetoric that we should focus on helping abroad rather than taking in refugees . 
  this should be an indication to anyone that is in doubt about what sort of political party sd is . 
  considering that these murderers lived together with other refugees , it seems reasonable that refugees should then get more security . 
  but this comment getting 100 + upvotes has nothing to do with being reasonable of course . 
  `` this is how you get sd in the government . '', 
  oh please . 
  * that school did n't stop displaying the swedish flag because of complaints for immigrants . 
  it was the school that initiated the whole thing . 
  * refugees do n't offer any particular benefit , but that 's also not the point of refugees . 
  the point of refugees is that they need help , not that we need help . 
  * of course , many refugees already have skills and * sometimes * those skills are utilised in the new country , but often they go unused . 
  that 's a loss , and it 's something we need to do better at utilizing . 
  * refugees with no skills ( the oh-so-bemoaned analphabets etc. ), 
  require a lot of training to become valuable to the economy . 
  we take them in because it would be a really cunty thing to do to have them stay in a warzone . 
  of course , we need to become a lot better at doing this in an effective manner . 
  * islamism is a true threat and is a major reason for why parts of the middle east and northen africa produce refugees in the first place . 
  the rise of islamism , like all fundamentalist practices , is due to lost independence and economic hardship , that europe of course has had a hand in creating those conditions . 
  nevertheless , islamism should not be tolerated anywhere , be it europe or asia or africa . 
  happy ? 
  i do agree that mercator projection is a monstrosity . 
  no 3d-to-2d projection is perfect . 
  seems the danes and norwegians are obsessed with sweden though . 
  [ holy shit it 's the voice of fucking reason !, 
  ] ( http://www.redditblog.com/2011/06/which-cities-countries-have-most-reddit.html ), 
  no , they would n't . 
  the fact that he did it in public , in a store that is guaranteed to have cctv , would also suggest that he did n't plan to get away with murder . 
  holy shit . 
  the * average * citizen drinks a * litre * of wine every two weeks ?
