   ( 66 % ) [ of immigrants ] have a non-western background 10.4 * .66 = 6.9 # finland  in 2013 , there were ... 3.6 % ... born outside the eu . 
  so the number we 're looking for is even lower . 
  this is gold !, 
  ehhh ... 
  i see the ambulance pick up old folks every once in a while in roseng\u00e5rd . 
  i 've not seen a cop car there yet , but on the other hand , i 've not seen anything that warranted a cop car to show up either . 
  in the future , if you want to make assumptions , try to put some thought behind it . 
  in this case , we 're talking about the crime * probably * being gang-related . 
  already there , we basically rule out terrorism . 
  it is n't a terrorist mo to driveby with an uzi on a moped . 
  then of course , the gang members could have bern muslim . 
  but that 's beside the point and , we really do n't know , so why assume in the first place ? 
  if you want to use a the 20 % figure , that would give you an 80 % chance that they are not muslims , right ? 
  no of course not , because you are prejudiced . 
  ( sorry for the `` slur '' lmfao . ), 
  so , just doing some tired brain math here , sweden 's population is about 10 % non-eu28 background , which would leave maybe , oh i do n't know , say 8 % non-western just to be safe . 
  norway 's population is something like 6.7 % non-western . 
  and finland is 3.7 % non-western . 
  adding denmark into the mix , it should be essentially the same as norway . 
  are we somewhat in agreement so far ? 
  if so , i just want to point out that for demographics , sweden and finland are both the extreme and opposite ends . 
  i must have misread you about what aspect we were discussing . 
  you were talking about demographics , and i was talking about political violence . 
  and in political violence , finland is the clear outlier , with zero political murders for the last 90 years or so . 
  and outside of murders , political violence seems to be very low . 
  which is great , of course . 
  that 's why i brought up norway . 
  even if i would n't say that norway has a large problem with far right extremism or terrorism , they will stand out in the numbers due to that one huge incident . 
  as long as misinterpretations go , i do find it confusing that you talk about the far left attacking the general population while the far right only go for a subset . 
  maybe i should have identified that you meant that `` ethnic enemies '' are a subset of the general population , but in that case , why make the distinction in regard to leftist violence ? 
  ( and hey , shall we complicate the issue by noting tgat the left also target arbitrary subsets of the general population or just let it slide ? ), 
  not sure what else there is to comment on really . 
  i 'm not going to pursue the discussion on how to classify animal rights movements , as i feel we are getting a bit too disconnected from reality and empirical data now . 
  okay , so , let 's backtrack . 
  when this guy shouted at the neo-nazis he `` picked a fight '' with them , and it is somehow an appropriate response to kick him to the ground ? 
  i 'm sure i 'm maliciously misrepresenting your views again , but can you just explain the chain of reasoning in which this guy somehow has himself to blame for his death ? 
  or alernatively , and preferably , just say that only the neo-nazi that killed him is to blame . 
  this `` ethnic enemies '' thing . 
  i know that that is the way the far right thinks , the interesting thing is that that is how you communicate your own message . 
  you 're of course right that `` ethnic enemies '' are statistically few in finland , my problem is that you do n't count them as members of the general population . 
  surely that is a mistake . 
  i mean , i know they are a subset of the general population . 
  but a part of it , still . 
  ( just as the far left would target subsets of the general population , if they did in fact target them . ), 
  if i am misunderstanding you , then good . 
  as for sweden being the outlier , come on . 
  as i said , i do n't have access to a computer , but come on . 
  norway , bro . 
  finally , this talk about animal rights groups being categorized as marxist according to political theory . 
  this is very arbitrary and i do n't think you can find any consensus in academia to support this line of reasoning . 
  but just for fun , let 's play this game . 
  should n't the animals organize and fight for themselves according to marxist conflict theory ? 
  i will limit my further statements to sweden , because that 's where i have knowledge , and i 'm on the phone so i ca n't do research now . 
  so , in sweden we have had a couple of incidents of leftist political violence that could have had a lethal outcome . 
  ( one that i know of , and if there 's any more i 'm quite sure it 's very limited . ), 
  fortunately , in the end , no one died . 
  contrast this with several counts of manslaughter as well as murder ( anton lundin and peter mangs the most recent ones ) , targeted against the general population . 
  so in conclusion , in sweden , the far right kill , and the far-left destroy property . 
  in other words their crimes are not comparable . 
  for norway , you do n't even have to do the research to know that the far right kills while the far left scribbles `` fuck the police '' on some wall . 
  now , for the limited things i know about finland . 
  political violence seem to be extremely low , although inrikesministeriet seem to suggest that once again the far right do the bulk of the violence . 
  so ... as for concrete evidence , i suppose we have different views on what evidence * is * . 
  now let 's talk a bit about your own way of expressing yourself which i hope is just an unfortunate mistake . 
  let 's begin with this feud between this `` known ultra-leftist '' and the neo-nazis . 
  you write that he attacked them first , which he did . 
  if you count verbal abuse and spitting on the ground as assault . 
  the answer that the neo-nazis gave was , at least in my humble opinion , a bit out of the democratic bounds , and out of proportion as well . 
  they answered with violence . 
  you go to lengths to excuse this as a simple accident . 
  and i 'm willing to believe that there was no intention of murder . 
  but the fact that the neo-nazis posted photos of the guy in a pool of his own blood , saying that they had to `` defend themselves '' against his * words * still stands . 
  so much for semi-apologetic . 
  the fact that he , oh-so-tragically , died from their completely non-self-defense violence also stands . 
  it 's inexcusable . 
  second . 
  you write that the left target the general population . 
  i ca n't say about finland , but in sweden , that happens , but rarely . 
  you proceed to write that the far right , on the other hand , target their political enemies ( as in leftists that shout at them ) or , and here comes the million dollar expression , `` ethnic enemies '' . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  that has to be a very clumsy mistake , right ? 
  `` ethnic enemies , '' that you yourself do n't count as civilian targets of the general population ? 
  i do n't care what political agenda you have . 
  in the future , avoid this mistake . 
  third , you conclude that both the far left and the far right pose a threat , but that the far left is the greater one to the general population . 
  i ca n't answer for finland , but for the rest of scandinavia , this is just plain false and backwards . 
  i wo n't repeat myself , you know the score . 
  the rest of europe can actually show some leftist violence with lethal outcomes , as well as some close calls , but even there , it is n't really comparable . 
  finally , i know that you want to categorize militant animal rights activists as left wing . 
  they are indeed more associated with the left than with the right , but they are not necessarily one or the other . 
  they can be a mix , and often , their members actually do n't give a shit about human politics . 
  they are also known for their misanthropia . 
  this is n't my definition by the way , eventhough it is supported by my personal observations . 
  reporting on political violence statistics treats animal rights groups as their own category , for good reason . 
  murder is hyperbole , but please do n't fucking excuse their behavior . 
  he was impolite to them , and they killed him . 
  call it what you will . 
  animal rights people have a strong tendency toward the left , but many militant animal rights groups do not exclude members based on ` human ' politics . 
  one of the most active people from my city was a neoliberal . 
  many far right people also have radical views on animal rights .
