i 'm going to reply to one thing . 
  you 're claiming that self-hatred exists only among liberal westernerns . 
  that . 
  stupid . 
  lie . 
  and . 
  you . 
  need . 
  talk . 
  less . 
  and . 
  think . 
  more . 
  did you know that many africans believe black babies are ugly ? 
  that they desperately try to straighten out their curls ? 
  did you know that many south americans and middle eastern people use blue contact lenses ? 
  have you ever seen a middle eastern diaper ad or beauty ad ? 
  have you ever seen a bollywood movie ? 
  now stfu . 
  is this shocking ? 
  the guy also hated poles . 
  because crime is about culture , right ? 
  the reason population growth is down ( generally speaking , worldwide ) is because social stability is up . 
  it 's * not * in the interest of self preservation to constantly make babies . 
  then again , the definition of `` self '' is what 's really in question here . 
  you seem to believe that swedes as an ethnic group are in a genetic conflict with the rest of the world . 
  there is no rational logic behind such an assumption . 
  genes mix and change all the time , as do languages and cultures . 
  now faster than before because of better modes of transportation and communication , but for the better . 
  that 's how populism works though . 
  you cling on to a certain sentiment based on fear and drag it out to it 's `` logical '' conclusion . 
  this time it 's fear and hatred for muslims masquarading ase `` love '' for jews . 
  the same can be said about the side of palestine though . 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  i agree that a one-state solution is probably far better , but seeing as it 's not going to happen and somethings got to give , i think this is better than nothing . 
  it is no secret that this is a purely symbolic thing , to recognize palestine as a state . 
  implying that refugees are to blame for their situation , and also that they destroy the places they come to . 
  i 'm not very hopeful about this discussion . 
  this will be my last reply . 
  that 's not what he 's implying , but it just so happens to be the truth . 
  our space vehicle is spherical . 
  you 're right , but there is still an importance in distancing yourself from antisocial behaviour . 
  now , i 'm not a nationalist in any way , but i still identify a lot with swedish culture . 
  that 's because i am a part of swedish culture and i am partly responsible for it . 
  if there are faults with swedish culture , and there is , i ca n't fix it alone but i can talk about it and i * can * apologize . 
  it may not mean much . 
  then again , it may mean a lot . 
  apoligizing is not the same as taking the blame . 
  overall , my argument with you concerns the categorical statements about how societies can transition to democracy . 
  while i think you might be right , there is no proof for these statements . 
  now let 's move on   khomeini obviously had enough support if he was able to depose pahlavi and there was no significant opposition to him afterwards . 
  you 're right , but it 's unfair to omit that a ) the revolution required other movements such as socialists to be successful and b ) these movements had been significantly weakened by pahlavi as they were deemed a much greater threat . 
  after the revolution khomeini was left leading the best organized movement , but only because so many others had been destroyed by others than him . 
  it does n't necessarily say anything about popular support , although there 's no denying he did have popular support at the time . 
  germany is really the worst example as they only had a brief era of fascism that was preceded by democracy . 
  italy , spain , bulgaria et.c are probably better examples . 
  however your explanation is still lacking . 
  china , iraq and iran are other examples of countries with strong identity as well as political culture . 
  simply put , democratization does not follow a formula . 
  hey , sorry about the late reply . 
  my connection is kinda half dead . 
   give me one example where direct foreign assistance in establishing democracy was necessary , and after such democracy was established , it persisted . 
  you misunderstand , it 's not my claim that intervention works . 
  but anyway : germany . 
   but he was overthrown by foreign influence , after which a revolution was organized by the people , from within , that led to a theocracy which has persisted . 
  well , the shah had destroyed most of the worker 's movement or liberal movement before the revolution . 
  the priesthood was better organized as a result , that does n't mean they had more support . 
  also the 8 year war with iraq helped cement khomeinis rule . 
  just because that was the pattern before does n't mean it needs to be in the future . 
  i would say that the democratization process will likely take an original course , some of it due to colonialism and interventionist politics in the first place , and some of it due to a much more globally-aware world community . 
  i also find it strange that you reference the cia coup d'etat in iran as support for your opinion that national dictatorship precedes national democracy, 
  i do n't know why you 're assuming that social development slavishly follows a certain formula . 
  yes , i know that media can be quite unfair in this way . 
  they write what people want to read , which often means to actually not give the full picture . 
  sd is not treated any differently though . 
  the journalists may be leftwing , but their bosses are n't . 
  what does it matter if the reporter is a leftie when the editor is a rightwinger ? 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/debatt/article19009524.ab it was n't that long though , 
  please do n't accuse me of lying . 
  i read the other comments in this thread . 
  the swedes that do n't know how to vote are real , and it 's a problem , but sweden still has anonymous elections . 
  it 's a joke . 
  look dude , this is not how you vote . 
  in school , they actually teach us to take one of every ballot and go behind the curtain , where , behind the curtain , there are even more of every ballot . 
  ( so yes , you can pick your ballots out in the open , * or * you can pick them up behind the curtain . ), 
  this is what they teach us . 
  they say that * everyone * should do this . 
  they do n't enforce it but that 's how it should be done . 
  you do n't pick up the two ballots that are the options you 're deciding among . 
  you take * all the ballots * , always . 
  see ? 
  if you want to , you then cross the candidate of that party that you like the most . 
  otherwise you just put it in the envelope and give it to the election worker and go on your merry way . 
  if ballots are missing or you do n't find them or you do n't want to pick them up for any reason , you take a blank one and write on it . 
  this is completely fine . 
  that people forget is sad but it 's not a democratic problem . 
  come on . 
  you 're * supposed * to take ballots for all parties . 
  you 're * encouraged * to do so . 
  i 'm really sorry if you 're felt eneasy about voting , and that alone is enough to question the current system .
