  i feel like a total square right now . 
  cool , thanks for the links . 
  time to brush off my norwegian !, 
  the thing i have in mind is a parallell to the swedish social democrat party , and i 'm not sure that the same holds for norway . 
  but in sweden the core of the social democrat party has been likened to a cult . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a fair description , but it should give some indication of how much time people spend climbing ladders to get anywhere there . 
  now my point here is that many of those people are actually extremely well-trained in many aspects of politics . 
  and if the same parallell can be drawn to norway , one might argue that some of those extremely well-trained and talented people were actually removed and will not become politicians . 
  which in turn should have an effect on the party about 20 years from now when those people were supposed to have influential positions . 
  i know that this is breiviks analysis and his reasoning for his actions . 
  i 'm not sure that the analysis is correct , but , in a nutshell , that was what i had in mind . 
  that would actually be a significant difference between sweden and norway then . 
  to make it more clear though : you ca n't request the criminal record of an individal . 
  but you * can * request the records of a criminal case . 
  so if you know the case number , which is also public record , you can request the case files from the court and then find out who has been on trial and everything else that is to know about it . 
  more realistically , germany lost a lot of its male population in ww2 and needed immigrants simply for that purpose . 
  the women did really well in many tasks themselves but it 's kinda hard to repopulate without sperm . 
  hence turks . 
  please do n't compare a mandatory person cult to young people voluntarily trying to get smarter about politics . 
  many organizations have youth factions , including the red cross . 
  do you still feel like posting pictures of hitlerjugend ? 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  the same thing happens t mean all the time . 
  reddit is a fickle bitch . 
  save your internet points !, 
  pm me if you like . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm actually really proud to see norway not going crazy with grief and changing their laws too drastically over this . 
  yet , i think the true effects of this massacre will not come into play in 15-20 years time . 
  really ? 
  good for you !, 
  i 'm very glad to hear this . 
  why do you imply that 15 year olds are too young to make their own decisions ? 
  however , criminal records are public and can be obtained easily from the courts . 
  the media chooses not to publish personal details of criminals without consent , for ethical reasons . 
  do you have any idea how condecending you come off ? 
  many of these kids are very ambitious . 
  they want to debate with like-minded people about disagreements they have about what paths to take and how their politics should be presented . 
  there are factions within the organization , there are individuals that has fringe agendas that they try to convince others of , there are those that come mostly to listen and reflect or to make friends . 
  i can assure you that this sometimes descends into a circlejerk , but it 's actually really educational for young people to learn to avoid circlejerks . 
  debating at this age helps a lot to develop those skills . 
  many if not all serious political organizations have specific culture and protocol to deal with deteriorating debate climate , and such culture is * made * by the participants . 
  now to be even more educational , what breivik recognized was that it 's kids like this that often go on to be come real politicans . 
  especially in social democrat culture you need a long history of political engagement to be successful . 
  which is why he deemed these kids a threat and killed them . 
  he was n't punishing their parents , he was trying to cripple the social democratic party of norway which he actually probably managed to do by wiping out lots of talent . 
  are you actually serious ? 
  when i was 15 i spent all my free time discussing politics and reading books and designing pamphlets . 
  my parents thought i was crazy . 
  they are part of the youth organization that is tied to that political party . 
  not the same organization though . 
  it 's kind of condecending to claim that minors should not be politically organized . 
  do n't forget disease-ridden !, 
  men are literally a plague . 
  but i guess you ca n't tell the truth around here anymore !, 
  just bring an atomic warhead to be on the safe side . 
  but if you have to explain that you 're being sarcastic , you 've already failed . 
  i hoped the `` etc '' would be the tipoff , but it 's ok , at least i got my small dose of downvotes . 
  good jerb pc media not naming this hoodlum . 
  not even a picture of his brown face !, 
  censorship , cultural enrinchment etc. 
  i love how you 're somehow getting downvoted . 
  the world is fucking strange . 
  you are trying your darndest to make this subthread about immigration , but it 's not really working and you 're just coming off as quite rude . 
  zzzz ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhabihah#islamic_slaughtering, 
  it 's a bit graphic for sure !, 
  but to be completely honest , my biggest problem with the meat industry is how the animals are kept while they are alive , not how they are slaughtered . 
  edit : just to make one thing clear . 
  cutting the throat correctly means two things . 
  first , the animal becomes unconscious , which is of course good . 
  second , the body is drained from blood which may spoil the meat . 
  kinda smart when you think about it . 
  a stab to the heart or organs would spoil a lot of the meat . 
  directives and control institutions is pretty much the definition of religions . 
  and they do have instituitons specifically for this purpose . 
  and they are not opposed to anesthesia . 
  they did n't ban halal or kosher slaughter , which would have been completely retarded . 
  they banned slaughter without anaesthesia , which they should have done long ago . 
  it 's funny how people do n't get that halal slaughter is actually a fucking amazing standard . 
  it protects the animals and it makes sure the meat is safe to eat . 
  it 's been ahead of it 's time for 1400 years . 
  it may not be the best standard * today * , but it 's also not in conflict with the best standards today . 
  which should say something . 
  i saw the milky way in a remote place in an iranian desert . 
  it was absolutely amazing what a difference the driness and refuge from light pollution made . 
  i did n't even care about the scorpions at my feet . 
  humidity makes a * huge * difference , and depends on the altitude among other things . 
  please do source the numbers when you get the chance . 
  it would be interesting to see the specifics . 
  the numbers i know of are from 1999 . http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra_uploads/239-sw.pdf, 
  i suppose it depends on what you count . 
  of the immigrants that are granted to stay , most work . 
  asylum seekers on the other hand are not allowed to work . 
  i 'm sure many of them do anyway , but the nature of these things is that there wo n't be any statistics on that . 
  please note that i 'm not trying to claim that all immigrants work . 
  unemployment is indeed higher among immigrants , especially among the subgroups under discussion , and especially if you only count legit jobs that pay taxes and such . 
  there seems to be several things going on at once . 
  there are gangs fighting each other , as in the shooting recently . 
  then there are gangs fighting against some established institutions such as government and the company that owns the buildings in roseng\u00e5rd . 
  it seems that these are at least loosely the same gangs .
