  nobody is calling hungary `` nazi '' . 
  there are not just pictures of women and children in the media , in fact there are lots of pictures with predominantly men . 
  what one person said is an anecdote . 
  it 's cute , but it 's not evidence . 
  posting anti-immigrant shit on your facebook is retarded for several reasons , but it 's also likely to mess up the work environment . 
  i 'm not on board with summarily firing people just for being retarded but still , i 'm not going to pretend like this is a huge disaster or part of a big conspiracy . 
  the eu has overruled sovereign decisions . 
  but not really . 
  i mean , i think the eu does a lot of shitty things , but by definition of this union , it 's got power over the national governments . 
  `` slap on the wrist to non-white rapists '' . 
  this has no basis in reality . 
  the fact that you think it does is revealing . 
  but even if these circumstances on their own were correct , you ca n't just conjecture an explanation without supporting evidence . 
  you see , you 're making a very bold claim when you 're saying that there 's a conspiracy to destroy europe . 
  i mean who would even benefit from that ? 
  ( and no , you ca n't pin this on liberal ideology , this is n't a fucking children 's book . ), 
  no , i 'm just pointing out a very basic thing . 
  smart people are n't always right . 
  in fact , it 's a dishonesty to everything intellectual to put weight to the person making an argument rather than the argument itself . 
  if there is a legitimate concern , it will stand on its own merits . 
  you 're right in principle , sd represents the same type of sentiment . 
  but the second claim is probably a bit out of line . 
  after all , sweden is taking more refugees per capita than any other country in europe and the vast majority of swedes are actually proud of that . 
  that 's a good point . 
  we need to find new strategies to sift through all this information in an effective way , and learn to be more critical of our own biases . 
  can confirm . 
  the problem is n't lack of education or information , it 's lack of understanding and trusting other humans . 
  sometimes , smart people have stupid ideas about certain things . 
  30 % of immigrants come via family reunification programs , most of them being women . 
  women and children wo n't comevia the direct routes as long as it is this dangerous . 
  you 'd think with so much information at our fingertips , people would be a tad less clueless . 
  yeah , i can appreciate that . 
  it 's easy to forget that large parts of europe only recently kicked dictatorship and authorianism . 
  i find it a bit worrisome that * 23,4 % responded that they believe the immigrants are organized groups with the purpose of destabilizing europe * . 
  no , what i was thinking was that there are probably other women there who were not interviewed , who 's husbans are going to europe with the intention of trying to bring the rest of the family there via family reunification programs . 
  there is no source , it 's inferred from the fact that they try to reunite their families to the extent that they do . 
  it also makes it * logical * to leave your wife and child behind , since the journey is far more dangerous than staying behind . 
  have you considered that 30 % of all the immigrants to the eu come via family reunification programs ? 
  i bet a good chunk of the women in a camp such as this one are actually waiting for their men to be granted asylum , so they can apply too . 
  they hav n't been abandoned . 
  this is one of the primary reasons why refugees choose countries like germany and sweden ; because these countries have active family reunification programs . 
  in this context , do n't you think the video is a bit strange ? 
  you should probably think a bit harder before posting . 
  go ask julien assange . 
  sigh . 
  norway is that lazy brother that wins the lottery and takes up knitting . 
  i love that guy , lottery win deserved . 
  typical r/europe , 
  yes , but anyone in the public eye will be target to smear attacks , regardless of what view they represent . 
  however , people like salman rushdie have their lives threatened perhaps to a larger extent than what is `` normal '' . 
  hello . 
  r/europe is not representative of europeans . 
  this is something that the users of r/europe agree upon , but in different ways . 
  a number of the most outspoken users will claim that most europeans except the most bleedingheart and crazed libruls feel this way about immigration . 
  then there 's the bleedingheart libruls like me that will point out that angela merkel represents the german * right-wing * . 
  that sweden has just seen eight years of * right-wing * government . 
  there are * tons * of stories that do not get posted here , about how people rally in support for refugees in many cities . 
  about how the guy that got kicked by that hungarian woman turned out to be a football coach , and got a job as a coach for getafe cf. 
  we do n't post that here because we do n't want to ride the train of only discussing immigration . 
  the normal r/europe users are not interested in that sort of thing . 
  however , there are of course countries in europe where the people were never so keen on refugees . 
  there is considerable prejudice against immigrants in europe , much more so than i believe in america . 
  in many ways , america regard themselves as a nation of immigrants , but in europe each country regards themselves as relatively ethnically pure . 
  this is true both genetically and culturally , somewhat similar to how african tribes differentiate . 
  it 's only recently that we have stopped fighting amongst ourselves . 
  there has even been `` racism '' between cities , with people beating each other up over having different accents only say 150 years ago . 
  but on the whole , i believe that the view that you 're exposed to on r/europe is exaggerated in many ways . 
  i mean , a couple of days ago we had a thread about guns and people were flipping out about how we need to stop gun control . 
  these are not normal european values . 
  it 's testosterone-induced angst . 
  it 's impossible to tell from my armchair position , but i believe that the man was in need of mental health services . 
  it 's possible that he should have been detained ; but not in a prison . 
  and proving that someone is criminally insane is a tough matter . 
  in the end , this is a rare albeit tragic case . 
  it 's still not worth giving up on social freedoms for it . 
  but mental health services should probably be improved . 
  it is actually so sad to see canadians , australians and japanese chime in on how they think europe is killing itself . 
  i think europe is great . 
  it 's safe , you get everything you need in terms of health care and education , we have great infrastructure , and even with the last decade of economic depression we 're still fine . 
  edit : maximum overdrive snark acknowledged, 
  so you 're complaining on behalf of others that they should be able to voice their irrational dislike of others without having to be disliked themselves ? 
  i mean come on . 
  freedom of speech works two ways . 
  you expose yourself as an idiot , you get called an idiot . 
  easy . 
  you know , i was commenting on the fact that there is no good way to apply for asylum in say germany . 
  you 're simply reiterating that they can apply in hungary , which is true . 
  it does n't make the eu legal framework any less inappropriate . 
  yeah i do n't fucking get it , why draw attention to the fact that you 're making statements that can be perceived as racist ? 
  is this some next level kind of rhetoric that i do n't get or are these people actually clueless about decorum ? 
  you 're right , that * is * ironic . 
  if you are a homophobe , then why are you concerned with being labeled a homophobe ? 
  is the `` i-support-asylum-but '' the new `` you-know-what-but '' ? 
  because you also seem to be supporting the effective shutting down of all means to apply for asylum in countries such as germany . 
  ( you have to get there before you can apply . ), 
  / r/europe is a whiny little bitch that should practice them quiet skills . 
  that 's a connection that i have personally never experienced in my years of critisizing islam . 
  however i 'm not denying the possibility . 
  i 'm sure lots of muslims will react the same way , feeling that we should critisize the people as they are fallible but not the religion as it is holy . 
  but my point was n't not to offend muslims , it was to not muddy our own arguments .
