  sorry for not being able to provide sources in english . 
  you 're right overall , but i just want to point out that the arabic classes are separated from the koran classes , at least in iran . 
  in the arabic classes , you learn modern arabic . 
  the arabic you learn in school is not that great though . 
  sure , usually their reading skills are better than their speaking skills , because it is geared toward being able to read the koran as you pointed out . 
  some people pick it up quite well , and then there are those that get to practice because they have arabic friends , but in general most non-arabs are n't exactly fluent in arabic . 
  i 'm not even sure what to respond . 
  on what do you base your contention that the media covers up certain crimes ? 
  it 's not speculation as much as it is misinformation . 
  several sd bloggers literally proclaimed that the attacker had chanted `` allahu akbar '' and decapitated his victims . 
  to say something like that without any sort of proof is ridiculous . 
  to then play the victim and say that it 's because mainstream media is not bigoted enough is just beyond patethic . 
  yes , i think this got refuted quite simply by pointing out that there is no blood . 
  this is probably an optical illusion due to the reflection in the glass . 
  the police does not usually comment on rumours . 
  they have claimed that the two people were stabbed to death all along , which i think is enough . 
  had there been a decapitation i 'm sure that they would have stated it . 
  that was a lie . 
  nobody got beheaded to the best of my knowledge . 
  however , according to this article , emil herlin got his finger severed when he tried to defend himself . 
  ( this was news to me . ), 
  dude , what is wrong with you ? 
  nobody is saying that he is a wonderful person . 
  but judging from your five replies to me in the last hour i would probably say that going back to facebook would be decent advice . 
  i think it is futile to make speculations for the true motivations of a deranged man . 
  yes , horrible . 
  and it 's sadly not the first time something like this happens . 
  sweden needs to work much harder on our mental care programs . 
  i 'm not sure if that would have helped in this particular case , but in general , mentally unstable people are abandoned to descend into illness , and sometimes violence . 
   refugees look pretty welcome in sweden to me . 
  ...  application was denied . 
  ...  let 's mash our keyboards some more . 
  we call it redeliciousness . 
  join us !, 
  they usually do that in swedish media too , but it seems that their family and friends have not wanted to talk about this yet . 
  which i think is understandable given the amount of controversy that surrounds this case . 
  they will probably want to talk given some time to grieve and get perspective . 
  step off , dude . 
  i used * one * question mark . 
  i was n't aggressive . 
  you 're the one that 's being aggressive . 
  i assumed that everybody knew that the victims were ethnic swedes . 
  in fact , i think it 's fair to assume that the information in the article is the least common denominator in the comment thread . 
  and why the hell would i want to cover that information up the first place ? 
  this was however not motivated by hatred towards christians . 
  the perpetrator was a christian too . 
  if you ca n't behave yourself further , then this is where the discussion ends . 
  of course they did n't deserve to die . 
  the whole thing is a tragedy and there are no excuses . 
  you are free to talk about the death of the victims but you ca n't expect their family or friends to want to do that too . 
  you have to respect their wishes . 
  if they want to talk , they can , but it 's very disrepsectful to say that `` the victims would not support the current immigration policies '' which bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der ( group leader for sd in the parliament ) did say . 
  ok , their names were carola and emil herlin . 
  if their family and friends want to talk about them , then that 's their choice . 
  you are however right that it seems they were chosen based on their ethnicity . 
  it 's a nice graphic , but i find it a bit strange to compare it to russia . 
  if you want to compare to russia , you only need to count the number of atomic warheads . 
  a suicide attack is not anything and everything that involves attempted suicide . 
  there is also that thing called the acts of the mentally ill . we have other cases where a person might kill his/her family or other people before commiting suicide . 
  those are not suicide attacks . 
  those are the acts of the mentally ill . 
  if you 're going to baselessly imply that he is a muslim then yes , profanities are in order . 
  i am giving you the view that `` not all muslims are x '' , which is true . 
  anecdotal evidence is entirely sufficient for that proposition . 
  the opposite statement would be that `` all muslims are x '' , which would not be true , because they are contradicted above . 
  i 'm not going to say anything about any official polls . 
  i know that there are deep-rooted problems with women 's rights and lgbt rights within the muslim community worldwide , but that is beside the point . 
  because he is way too handsome for me , and a washington post celebrity . 
  it would n't work out . 
  answer what ? 
  if you go backwards in this thread , you find that chunkeeguy is just parroting things that barkingnoise already adressed several times . 
  there 's a limit even to saintly patience . 
  what in the fuck about `` he got is asylum application denied '' is so hard to process ? 
  you continue to saying that he was `` welcomed '' . 
  are we just mashing our keyboards randomly here or what ? 
  the worst thing about this anti-immigration nonsense is that it distracts us from our real problems . 
  how do you figure that ? 
  the premise is that he murdered two random people that are clearly the victims . 
  this is n't something that needs to be stated explicitly . 
  it also portrays mahari as a victim , as he was dragged into this situation . 
  it goes on to show that ukbagabir was mentally unstable which should be obvious to anyone , from the way this crime was commited . 
  the reason that they made another post now , is because now all the interviews have been done . 
  if you recall , the murderer tried to kill himself and could not be heard when this story was hot because he was undergoing operations . 
   he wanted to meet god but the killings have nothing to do with religion ? 
  a suicide attack where the attacker wants to die after the killing to meet god ? 
  i wonder if such suicide attacks seem familiar to anyone . 
  he is quoted has having said `` i hoped god would accept me '' , not stating it as his motivation . 
  also , fuck your impications , he is a christian . 
  you 're right . 
  the refugee camps need way more suppprt economically and politically , this is the biggest thing that needs to change . 
  people need to be able to apply for asylum from outside the country . 
  and finally they need to be presented with safe routes to europe ( because many people still have legitimate reasons to come ) . 
  however , you should note that in sweden , policy making in general is not dictated by whether a person can contribute to gdp or not . 
  this is why we do not judge ability to work as harshly as the us or canada . 
  which i believe is the right and the humane way to view things . 
  it was n't exactly motivated by religion . 
  the fact that he was religious does n't make the motive religious . 
  and if you * did * read the article you would know what he was a christian , who also tried to kill himself immidiately after murdering them . 
  classic case of psychologically ill . 
  what do you need to know about the victims ?
