  implying that he finds the thought of arson to be unacceptable , but perhaps tantalizing . 
  who does n't like a nice fire ? 
  sort of how i would say `` i wish it was acceptable for me to pinch maria 's butt . '', 
  i would n't do it even if i could get away with it . 
  unless she wanted me to . 
  maybe she does want me to . 
  oh god this is driving me crazy i need a philosopher stat . 
  yeah , totally . 
  they 're just taking advantage of the war in their home countries to come mooch of our sweet , sweet welfare . 
  fuckers had a really lucky break with the wars starting back home . 
  some people are just born to be fortunate i guess . 
  let turkey and greece take all the immigrants because that 's totally rational . 
  yeah , nazis committing arson is * totally * the immigrants fault . 
  darn immigrants . 
  incidently if women were n't so hot and loose i woulnd ' t be a rapist . 
  ok so i 'm going to take the typical left-wing extremist stance and just say that there is a world of difference between trashing * things * and trashing * people * . 
  there 's a fucking * difference * between burning down somebody 's home and building a barricade out of coffee tables on the street . 
  there 's a fucking difference between fighting cops and fighting normal citizens . 
  i 'm not condoning violence but the two are not really comparable , and it does n't do anyone any good to pretend that `` left-wing extremism '' is a serious threat to public safety . 
  it 's actually more like calling him , a belgian , russian . 
  can you please just stop , you 're making me embarrased that we share 99.9 % of our genes . 
  the gulf states are some of the most fascist societies on the planet . 
  they certainly do not want refugees in the first place , * they * do n't care if syrians are arabs and speak arabic , to them they are still scum . 
  but even if it was an option , i do n't think it would be a good one for most refugees . 
  that 's one of the reasons that brownycow 's argument is problematic to put it mildly . 
  i do n't know the specifics on the netherlands , but in general actual refugees are much less likely to get a job for several reasons . 
  first , some of them may not be suitable for many jobs , based on education ( think somalia ) . 
  second , many of them have mental or medical problems that makes it so that they cannot/should not work in a welfare state ( think reasons to be a refugee in the first place ) . 
  a disproportionate number of refugees that are granted asylum also have medical problems , compared to the set of refugees as a whole . 
  and third of course , it will always be harder for an immigrant to find a job because of the language barrier that never truly goes away for 99 % of adults . 
  is this your kid ? 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out the sentiments that are prevalent on r/europe . 
  above you have a guy `` wondering '' if somalians are just too fucked up to even be accepted as refugees . 
  next comment the circle jerk about economic migration starts . 
  personally i 'm getting less and less out of r/europe . 
  i 'm not coming here for a debate on immigration , especially not with this sort of perspective . 
  `` revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing . '' -- bernard malamud sometimes it 's just good to know when to shut up . 
  the problem with a lot of amateur writers is that they can be long-winded , writing in a few paragraphs what could be said in a few sentences . 
  they might think they 're impressing people with their flowery prose or thought-out arguments ... but really they 're losing the reader . 
  most people do n't have time to wade through long paragraphs for a few nuggets of information . 
  do the reader a favor by getting to the point . 
  i ca n't claim to be the world 's most concise writer . 
  i have certainly written my share of long posts -- but my goal is to pack my posts with useful information . 
  you ca n't do that in a couple paragraphs , but you can try to edit all extraneous words and information and just have the essentials . 
  here 's a quick guide to doing that . 
  do just one thing , and do it well . 
  know from the outset what you 're trying to do with any writing piece , whether that 's a post or a short story or a magazine article or a novel . 
  the piece should have one main purpose , and you should start your writing by defining that purpose . 
  i usually try to do that with my post title ( or `` headline '' ) . 
  if you do n't define your purpose , you might have several aims , and that diffuses the power of your writing . 
  trying to do too many things at once is a sure recipe for wordiness and confusion . 
  write , then revise . 
  when you 're doing your first draft , there 's no need to be concise . 
  just type away , and let the words flow . 
  do n't stop yourself . 
  then go over that first draft , closely examining each sentence and word to ensure that they 're necessary to achieve the purpose of the piece . 
  then revise again . 
  revision can be daunting , but it does n't have to be : it 's simply reading your own work with a critical eye , and it 's necessary if you want to write well . 
  the art of writing is really the art of revision . 
  learn to revise in your head . 
  once you 've done enough revision , it can become an automatic process . 
  i would n't recommend this for beginners -- do revision after you do your first draft -- but for the more experienced editors , revision becomes something that 's part of the writing process . 
  you begin to test out phrases and words for their sound , and begin to shorten things as you go . 
  it 's a good skill that cuts back on revision time later ( though you will still need to do that ) . 
  i revise as the thought is flowing from my head to my fingers , and then i revise what i just typed as i go along , and then i go back and revise that first draft when the whole piece is done . 
  eliminate the non-essential . 
  if you know the essential ideas you 're trying to communicate , try to identify the non-essential ones . 
  would the piece be just as good without it ? 
  sometimes we feel things are essential , but if we eliminate them , the piece is n't hurt at all . 
  if you 're not sure , try it without the word or phrase or sentence . 
  always keep in mind your purpose ( see no . 
  1 above ) so that you know what 's essential -- only the words and sentences necessary to achieve that purpose , and no more . 
  learn the common mistakes . 
  after awhile , you 'll see common phrases that can be shortened . 
  `` the fact that '' is almost never necessary , for example . 
  it adds extra words without adding meaning . 
  i could provide a list of common extraneous phrases , but i think it 's better to learn them as you go -- you get better at spotting them that way , and better understand why they 're unnecessary . 
  read the elements of style . 
  a concise guide to writing concisely . 
  it 's a classic for a reason -- there is no better guide to eliminating excess words . 
  because it 's retarded to copy-paste a novel on a public forum . 
  if you have a certain snippet to quote fine but do n't post a book in a discussion thread . 
  can you just link to the article next time ? 
  sure . 
  sd attracts a wide variety of people , but i think the foundation of their support is culture conservatism which sort of relies on strict definitions of culture . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i will work on how i display my zero tolerance for nationalism in a less offensive manner . 
  i mean , it 's really kind of stupid to expect a somali person to immidiately stop with fgm but at the same time not expect a swedish person to just accept that some people want to cover their bodies and not just their tits and ass when they go swimming . 
  if i have zero respect for fgm , then the same attitude should apply to everyone else . 
  fair is fair . 
  ok , so norrk\u00f6ping city centre equals no post but ikea equals post . 
  i think i got the hang of reddit logic now but i might need to review if this comes on the test . 
  i suppose that i * could * care less what conservative people define as an `` unnatural '' rate of change , but if i did , i 'd probably fall asleep . 
  no , of course not . 
  the whole premise is that he gets to define swedish culture as it fits him . 
  i think a general problem with the attitude of people that are inclined to vote for sd is that they want conformity more than anything else . 
  so in that regard i think most sd voters are the same . 
  zzzzzzzzzzz . 
  for the same reason you ca n't always be 5 . 
  rivers flow , time goes , stuff changes . 
  that 's why i wrote `` second crime '' .
