  which is terrible , if it 's true . 
  any victim of rape or crime in general should be supported and encouraged to report it . 
  however , let 's not pretend that there is a norm against reporting crime based on ethnicity . 
  the last part is the most disturbing , that she had the impression that this accusation was not going to be taken seriously . 
  i know that many women feel that way , and it 's a disgrace . 
  any accusation of rape needs to be investigated . 
  of course , for medical , psychological and legal reasons it is important that the victim seeks help immidiately , but for that to become the norm we need to work on our attitudes within society as a whole . 
  old opera was so kickass . 
  it was truly amazing how good it was . 
  my favourite browser was konqueror though . 
  what a beast , in its time . 
  anyways , i hav n't used ff in years so i 'm not sure how it works anymore . 
  but chrome has whitelists for plugins and scripts , so you can make rules for javascript or flash activation natively . 
  it 's not pushbutton easy , but it 's in the gui . 
  i 've turned flash off completely though . 
  too many security issues for my taste . 
  that 's strange though . 
  ff should definitely be able to play this with html5 . 
  plays fine in chrome with flash blocked . 
  i was happy to do it . 
  roseng\u00e5rd is a typical [ miljonprogramsomr\u00e5de ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/million_programme ) , so there 's really not much to see as far as architecture goes . 
  they * do * have an absolutely kickass spice shop at the square though . 
  to be absolutely frank , most people in sweden become total shut-ins in the winter . 
  we try to use a lot of artificial light and candles to make things a little bit better , and lots of people make an effort to stay physically active ( such as cross-country skiing and indoor team sports ) , but on the whole people are very withdrawn . 
  it 's * loads * better if it 's very snowy , because then you at least get the reflection of the snow for extra light . 
  warm winters are * the worst * . 
  the problem is n't really the short days -- the problem is that we * stay inside * working or at school for the few hours of daylight that we have . 
  i think we need to change our working hours during the winter but that 's never going to happen . 
  most countries do n't take family reunification seriously . 
  the guy probably knows exactly where his family is ; most likely some refugee camp . 
  he just wants to bring them somewhere safe , in a safe way . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  [ i made you a map . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5liugvb.png ) i used [ this article ] ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/malmo/bombkarta-har-har-sprangladdningar-detonerat-i-malmo/ ) to make it . 
  yes . 
  i do n't have any numbers really , but i 'd say about 75 % of sweden 's population live in the southernmost half of sweden . 
  have you heard about `` natural causes '' ? 
  death can come unexpected , even to someone who seemed healthy . 
  they use the same times as mecca . 
  the most important rule about fasting is to not harm yourself or anyone else . 
  stockholm is actually at 1/3rd of sweden 's length . 
  roseng\u00e5rd is not a no-go zone , holy shit . 
  it 's actually quite nice . 
  all kinds of people , lots of kids playing . 
  i 'm not going to say that it 's an amazing place to grow up , i would n't know . 
  but the tales of roseng\u00e5rd being a warzone are complete and utter nonsense . 
  yeah . 
  it 's about a bunch of ~ ~ xenophobic ~ ~ racist poles . 
  their opinions are not evidence of any thing other than their racism . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  are you fucking trolling me or what ? 
  the same as the difference between either of those and a terrorist act commited by a blonde blue-eyed man who was afraid of muslims . 
  keep up ffs . 
  well , no . 
  that was n't me . 
  but it 's still the truth . 
  confronted by the truth , you responded with a strawman . 
  i know that you 're good at strawmen . 
  you 're the one that asked if it matters if the terrorist is newly radicalized or not . 
  no need to show off , i 'm already convinced . 
  these investigations are not done by the case workers , but by experts . 
  usually it 's a firm that employs people of different ethnicities with good knowledge of different accents and geography . 
  are the 80 kids killed by a blonde blue-eyed man that was scared of muslims any less dead because he did n't praise muhammed ? 
  yeah but at least those are * our own * / s, 
  well , actually , i strongly disagree with saying that ideology * causes * terrorism . 
  terrorism has ideological manifestations , but the anger and the acts themselves are probably rooted elsewhere . 
  but i do apologize for the hyperbole . 
  i am an asshole . 
  terrorist attacks are usually politically motivated . 
  now , i 'm not saying that religion is an unimportant factor . 
  religion itself is problematic and islam in particular is in a bad state . 
  neither will i draw attention from the fact that there are religiously motivated attacks in many middle eastern countries , that directly target certain sects of islam or that target christians . 
  we have also seen the destruction of secular artifacts in syria and iraq . 
  all of this has a strong ideological and religious component . 
  however , there 's more to it than just religion or ideology . 
  lone wolf terrorists are extermely rare . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but breivik is the only example of a successful lone wolf attacker in europe , right ? 
  any future terrorist attacks in europe are most likely to be commited by people that have lived here for at least 10-15 years . 
  daesh could possibly send terrorists to europe , and could * easily * push europe over the edge as the population is open to that sort of thing right now . 
  but i do n't see how they would benefit anything from that . 
  the last thing they want is further involvment in their region . 
  they thrive on fear , not outrage . 
  are we just making shit up now ? 
  them being rich has nothing to do with anything . 
  of course i agree that saudi arabia should take in refugees , just as i believe that they should give women basic rights and not be a a racist and fascist dynasty that supports terrorism . 
  it 's not going to happen and that 's not the fault of other arab nations . 
  saudi arabia is a troll . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  yeah , well that 's the problem though . 
  it 's one thing to say that `` the influx of such and such numbers of refugees will destabilize europe , '' which is of course bullshit in and of itself . 
  and a completely different thing to say `` the aim of the refugees is to destabilize europe '' . 
  both statements are worrisome , but the second one is * way * worse . 
  i did n't expect that of romania . 
  yeah , i 'm used to it . 
  i have hyperbole and shitty comments too , but very often every single one of my reasonable ones * suddenly * go down to at least 0 or -1 karma . 
  i see it as a sign that one guy clicked my profile and just spammed the downvote button on everything . 
  are you implying that the * purpose * of the smugglers or the refugees is to destabilize europe ? 
  how europe reacts is irrelevant to the statement itself . 
  ok , here 's your chance . 
  what do you prefer to be called ?
