  hate speech laws do * not * stop you from making racist statements . 
  they just ban a certain manner of racist statements . 
  it 's not about what you say , it 's about how you say it . 
  stupid , i know . 
  but do n't act like researchers are getting gagged because it 's simply not the case . 
  i 'd say this has been researched extensively , because this pattern exists everywhere . 
  fringe groups in any society ( such as minorities with lower status ) display several negative attributes , including but not limited to : * higher likelyhood of depression and mental illness * more frequent instances of suicide * cardiac issues as well as a many other health issues * more likely to be the victims of , and perpetrators to , assault and violent crime it 's the latter part of the last category that is the concern of the majority in every society . 
  fear of being assaulted . 
  but as you can see , the symptoms themselves are many and complex . 
  understanding the * reasons * is even more complex and takes more than a little research . 
  sweden has logged ethnicity and crime for decades . 
  it was only recently that they changed it because they felt it was not only irrelevant but counterproductive . 
  what 's politically correct is not necessarily bad . 
  there is no relationship between political correctness and correctness . 
  this move happens to be both at the same time . 
  this is happening * because * of a feminist agenda , not in spite of it . 
  and it * is * actually extremely politically correct . 
  what are you then ? 
  what word is acceptable to describe someone that just flat out opposes immigration just for the sake of it ? 
  i care about my cultural identity too . 
  it 's just that i do n't feel that it 's threatened in any way . 
  that 's true . 
  and it 's sad , because although many immigrants prefer the cities , there are also many that would prefer rural areas . 
  but it 's hard to make a living for anyone in rural areas , and even harder for immigrants . 
  it 's kind of weird though that many people in rural areas have very set views on immigrants , even though they live so far apart and rarely meet . 
  just to be extremely clear , it 's perfectly fine to talk about immigration in sweden . 
  what 's still not being fully accepted is a stance that basically stems from claims that sweden is losing its identity due to too much immigration . 
  ( financial issues are often just an excuse for this stance . ), 
  it 's beyond me why racists are so scared to be called just that . 
  this is not the explaination . 
  sweden has just had a centre-right government for eight years , admittedly with some changes to immigration policy ( mainly making it harder for asylum seekers ) , but it can not be compared with norway . 
  meanwhile fremskrittepartiet became the second largest political party in norway in 1997 . 
  like what ? 
  also calling swedish people suicidal maniacs and blaming america for every european conflict . 
  i did n't mean to put words in your mouth . 
  it was the consequence i saw from saying cultures are equal . 
  i do n't mean to be difficult , but i find the following two statements a bit contradictory . 
  i make no statement as to which kind of culture any individual , no matter his or her heritage , should prefer . 
   ... our ideals , our wants in life stem from our culture in the first place . 
  so you 're naturally going to believe our culture to be superior to the salafist sunni and vice versa . 
  i think i understand what you mean , but in the future you might want to think about how you present this argument . 
  if i understood you correctly , you 're saying that people are technically free to think whatever they want , but in practice their thinking is a product of their experiences , and their experiences are a product of their culture . 
  it 's absolutely true that our perceptions are heavily influenced by culture . 
  but this is not an absolute : smart people can imagine things that do n't exist , and it does n't even take a smart person to compare cultures in this day and age . 
  furthermore , i do not believe that our worldview stems from our cultures . 
  people in general have similar desires . 
  there is endless dispute how these common desires are best achieved , and that is heavily influenced by culture , but since the whole thing is fluid anyway the dispute itself is the process of coming closer to those desires . 
  when i say that a culture is better in a certain aspect than another , i mean it 's ability to let people pursue happiness . 
  arab culture for example is not in a happy place right now , and it 's not just the fault of how the weather has changed or how politics have worked . 
  the arabs have stagnated economically ( brits and americans drilling for oil does not count ) , socially , scientifically , and in the arts in the past 500 years . 
  this is not a matter of interpretation , it is something measurable . 
  there is also violent internal conflict . 
  violence is not culture . 
  it 's the lack of culture . 
  easy to put on a better-to-worse scale . 
  the reason i think arab culture could benefit from less nationalism is because i believe that their racially motivated politics are holding them back . 
  when the arab world was on the rise culturally , they were inclusive . 
  they were very successful , but somewhere along the line they got too proud of themselves and thought they could live off of their ancestor 's heritage which made them lazy and guarded , something that has happened to many cultures . 
  that 's my armchair interpretation , completely open to ridicule or discussion . 
  to finish , i was brought up with two different cultures , swedish and iranian . 
  that may be why i find it easy to cherrypick the good and the bad out of these two , and it may not be true for everyone . 
  i absolutely believe that both cultures have different strengths and weaknesses , but i also believe that swedish culture as of now is far more advanced . 
  and i know that most iranians would easily agree , even if they would n't accept many specific elements of swedish culture without question . 
  in fact , one of my big things that i used to complain a lot about , that iranians were terrible at standing in line , they have improved a lot just in the last five years . 
  so it 's moving fast , and it 's * because * iranians * know * that their culture needs to change , that they * want * it to change , and that they have a vague idea of what they want instead , using good elements from western culture as a guide . 
  i find it quite offensive to say that cultures are equal . 
  somehow you 're telling the afghan girl who is not getting an education that she needs to accept her place because that 's where her culture put her . 
  all cultures have good and bad things in them . 
  some cultures actually have more bad than others . 
  cultures change all the time , and it 's a part of it all . 
  we 're responsible for moving our own cultures in the right direction , and when we do that , it 's a good idea to be inspired ( and sometimes warned ) by other elements in other cultures . 
  it all depends on your own values and how you want to measure good and bad of course , but i think it 's safe to say that arab culture has been on the decline for at least 500 years . 
  arab culture needs to find a renessiance and i think it needs to include less nationalism . 
  no , but i think it 's a bit of an overexaggeration to think that a large amount of would-be attacks have been prevented . 
  i ca n't know this for sure of course , but i do n't see any reason to doubt that death by terror attack is extremely unlikely even without police arrests . 
  sure , but none of that is proof that terror attacks have been stopped . 
  there is literally no evidence for that . 
  i know i 'm being difficult but i find it very hard to believe that there are many competent terrorists in europe except for breivik and maybe a few eta guys . 
  this is simply not true . 
  bite my shiny metal ass . 
  i thought it was obvious that the `` leave '' part was sarcastic . 
  but yes , i do feel entitled to spell out the obvious sometimes . 
  the obvious in this case is that europe for the past 100 years have developed a humanist culture , which we have good reason to defend . 
  one tiny aspect of this culture is that minors are never regarded as criminals . 
  it 's written into law in every civilized country , not just european . 
  do you disagree with this statement ? 
  from a psychological standpoint , i think it makes sense to group people that fall for centrist ideologies as well as people who fall for extreme ideologies . 
  centrist ideologies differ too . 
  what 's extreme in one country is normal in another . 
  but i find that the people that place themselves in the center have a similar worldview wherever they are . 
  welcome to europe . 
  this is how we do things here . 
  the misbehavior of minors is a social matter , not a criminal matter . 
  if you do n't like it , leave . 
  funny how those who like to talk about how much they want to protect western culture are the first ones to not have a clue what western culture is . 
  the guy has obviously read the article in the link as well as other reports on this story . 
  no need to quote the article and put your jackass attitude on display . 
  there 's a difference between islam and islamic fundamentalism . 
  most muslims are fine , some are not . 
  the same goes for any ideology , although islam is the worst * at the moment * .
