  i ca n't really imagine what their goal is for blowing up entrances to government buildings at night , other than to get media attention and to show their discontent . 
  they seem angry and they want everyone to know that they are angry . 
  most of `` those people '' * do * work . 
  it still does n't change the fact that sd as a party is still the most homophobic in swedish politics . 
  i would be glad if that changed of course , but this does not look like an indication of change . 
  this is just pure troll . 
  man , that is one ugly strawman . 
  try again . 
  just fuck off . 
  i was scared to go there the first time . 
  i was so worked up about how awful it was . 
  turned out to have an amazing atmosphere in the evening . 
  people were super friendly and relaxed . 
  not sure what it 's like growing up there or living there for years , but my limited experience was very positive . 
  it is normal procedure not to publish their names . 
  sentences are public information and anyone can check it up with the courts for free ( or just visit one of the internet fora that like to publish that kind of stuff ) , but the media never publishes names or unblurred pictures unless it 's an interview and the convict agrees to having his name published . 
  edit : come on mofo this are objective facts . 
  no , there should n't be any bombs . 
  it sucks and we know it . 
  what he 's saying is that we 're not scared because they do n't target people . 
  but why would i waste my time trying to convince those people ? 
  i mean , about once a day i decide to get my fix of downvotes by posting something so vitriolic i know it will not only get downvoted , but buried hard . 
  but that 's all i really find necessary . 
  lol that 's what i thoght too . 
  ** `` bang '' ** * `` sigh , what is it this time ? 
  yes , hopefully this is just another case of stupid rather than evil . 
  when i talk to sd sympathisers i * do * tend to be nuanced and i try my hardest to be understanding . 
  the time when i start flinging monkey shit is when i talk to sd apologists . 
  ( i have chosen to believe that there is a difference between the two . ), 
  well yes . 
  obviously . 
  not when the one you 're discussing with does n't care about either . 
  and guess who 's complaining that they 're getting censored ? 
  pathetic fucks . 
  really ? 
  i remember there was a fucking shitstorm when someone found out some local v club had pictures of lenin in their office . 
  not really comparable but you know , relevant . 
  since all sd supporters do is to whine that they get treated unfairly when in reality anyone else that pulled that kind of shit would be ripped to shreds . 
  are you even for real . 
  i 'm not calling them devil spawn based on their politics , although that woulnd ' t be unfair . 
  http://www.expressen.se/gt/sd-politiker-greps-med-tandhattar-i-bilen/ you retarded fuck . 
  read . 
  i have talked to people who voted for sd . 
  happy ? 
  and do n't give me this `` listen to their concerns '' bullshit . 
  i read their agenda , i read what they write on the internet , i talk to them . 
  their concerns include that halal meat is somehow worse for the animals . 
  how can you have an intellectual discussion with someone like that ? 
  do you remember that time when an sd politician was caught with the ignition caps for dynamite , coming to his friend the nazi that just happened to have 500 kgs of the stuff ? 
  http://www.expressen.se/gt/sd-politiker-greps-med-tandhattar-i-bilen/ oh yeah that was last week ... 
  correction , sd are in fact evil devil spawn . 
  if we have a terror attack it 's because some retarded as fuck sd politician actually blows the dynamite this time . 
  that ca n't be legal . 
  yes but that 's not the main reason . 
  most of our immigrants are from finland . 
  then a fair amount of immigrants from the eu , mainly poland . 
  then there 's iran , iraq and former yugoslavia . 
  the iranians came 30 years ago and are mostly well integrated . 
  many iraqis came with this last war and hav n't gotten the chance to integrate that well yet , but they 're trying . 
  yugoslavians are integrated . 
  either that , or german women are sluts ? 
  again , i 'm not saying it 's a non-issue . 
  i 'm saying it 's not a major issue . 
  go tell greece that illegal immigration is a major issue and lots of people will agree , for sure . 
  what with golden dawn and all the rest of it . 
  but even more people will say that you 're nuts and that their economy faltering is no fault of people jumping over the border trying to get to the rest of europe . 
  greece has plenty of other issues that are far more serious than that . 
  hence the `` real issues '' that they need to adress , such as corruption and bad house-keeping and pensions going down the latrine . 
  pff , do you have an on-topic comeback or not ? 
  immigration * is * an important issue to me personally . 
  that does n't make it an important issue to everyone else . 
  too many anti-immigration lunarics think their views represent that of the general public . 
  it 's a narcissistic farce . 
  objectively though : * no * . 
  illegal immigration is not a major issue anywhere in europe . 
  that does n't make it a non-issue , but scale and context are fucking important . 
  i imagine germans are more concerned with keeping the eu economy afloat than wasting time pretending that border control even comes close to having a priority to that end . 
  the definition of terrorism is to use fear ( not necessarily violence ) to bring about political change . 
  this is in contrast to civil disobefience , which may include violence provided * no individual is put in any danger * . 
  arson is not included there . 
  assuming these fires were arsons perpetrated with a political motive ( as you clearly do assume ) , then it follows that the perpetrators are terrorists . 
  finally , it is fucking pathetic to imagine that there is a lack of debate on immigration issues . 
  these matters are , and have been , heavily debated . 
  it 's just that the majority of people are fine with immigration , be it economic or or political . 
  and most people have real issues to worry about . 
  please do n't make excuses for terrorists . 
  do they ? 
  well , if you consider all those kids that are n't going to prison because of a couple of ounces of weed the benefits are greater . 
  those kids can now study and work , and they do n't clog up the expensive penal system . 
  they do n't really have a choice though . 
  i mean , they get ushered forward and to get shot , and i 'm sure they understand exactly what is going to happen . 
  they seemingly just want to get it over with . 
  i suppose once all hope is actually lost , the rational thing is to just be pragmatic and die as efficiently as possible . 
  those men they shot in the back looked to be about 18 years old . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i 'm not a photographer either but i think most of your own pictures are quite high quality . 
  keep it up . 
  the picture i use for background is [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/an4zx.jpg ) . 
  it 's not very high quality but i think it 's amazing . 
  i 've always thought of chicago as a beautiful city .
