  the thing that bothers me the most is the attitude that you have no obligations to people based on geography ( or any other qualifier ) . 
  the people of saudi arabia are in essence no different from the british , and even if that does n't change the political landscape it is imperative to keep that in mind . 
  furthermore , it should be obvious to anyone that if the saudi people were freer and happier , that would benefit everyone , everywhere . 
  even the british . 
  even if the british were n't free and happy . 
  questioning wallstr\u00f6ms methods would be one thing , to question her motive another entirely . 
  that is not common however . 
  just from sweden , hundreds of iranians return to iran every week to see their friends and families . 
  ( two 747s per week , only counting iranair . ), 
  the sewing shop guy in particular may have been subject to goons from irans atrocious government , or just unlucky and been kidnapped by the regular kind of criminals . 
  which is also very unlikely but something that happens . 
  in either case it 's highly unusual . 
  if he was taken by government goons there is likely to be more to this . 
  they do n't pick people at random . 
  i 'm not trying to discredit your story , i 'm trying to put an anecdote into perspective . 
  aww , that 's so sweet . 
  i think lots of swedes think of denmark as a reminder that life is actually pretty good . 
  ok . well i 'm going to buy fruit , bennets bazaar is still open . 
  maybe take a break from reddit ? 
  they investigate * all * complaints . 
  even invalid ones . 
  they * investigate all complaints * so they can tell the valid ones from the invalid ones . 
  do you need further explaination about how an investigative agency operates ? 
  dude shut the fuck up until you have something to say about an issue of which you have a clue . 
  the equality ombudsman takes reports from anyone and investigates them all . 
  that 's their fucking job . 
  not true . 
  everyone knows that this gender-neutral promise exists . 
  politicians did n't introduce this word . 
  and honestly , it 's a really good word that should be used more often . 
  the article is idiotic and this thread is just cringeworthy . 
  this will * never * go to court and anyone with a smidge of understanding of sweden should know that . 
  why is this shit getting upboats ? 
  this is literally just one person filing a report on behalf of themselves , how the fuck is this newsworthy ? 
  i 'd say the percentage of actual atheists , even in a city like tehran , is safely below 6 % . 
  however , most muslims in tehran ( and i mean even the hard core ones that feel that islam is an integral part of their personality ) are in favor of a secular society . 
  ( this is just based on my own experiences and i ca n't tell you for sure that this is the case . ), 
  many , many muslims hate the ayatollahs . 
  that 's not weird or uncommon at all . 
  you can walk into a random shop at ramadan and the shopowner will say some joke about how the fucking government has given him blueballs and should resign , all . 
  or you can sit on a transnational bus and the thing can just erupt in a political discussion with people venting frustration . 
  ( sit a `` taxi '' , and those are almost always fully seated , and it 's pretty much bound to happen . ), 
  a very large portion of iranians are nostalgic about the `` shah era '' , even if they did n't necessarily love the shah ( a few did/do ) . 
  they want their social freedoms back , but they also want to keep their national sovereignty , and on top of that , they want their political freedoms . 
   it still hangs homosexuals in the streets . 
  not officially . 
  now , i 'm not going to say that iran * does n't * execute people under false pretenses , because i believe that they do . 
  but a guy does n't officially get executed for being gay , there would be some other charge ( real or made up ) that itself carries the possibility of a death sentence for that to happen . 
   it forces homosexuals to get a sex change or face the death penalty . 
  not really . 
  there are many other pressures besides the threat of execution , however . 
   woman can be arrested for not dressing modestly enough . 
  men too . 
  but then , in the vast majority of cases , released the same day without a fine . 
  in almost every case they get a lecture and a free head scarf and that 's it . 
   but if we are really talking about human rights , sales to iran should be banned if sales to saudi arabia are . 
  i do n't think you can even begin to compare human rights violations for iran and saudi arabia . 
  i 'm absolutely with you that iran is a massive offender of human rights , with some of the highest numbers of executions , playing a major role in proxy wars or straight up terror if you will , and their civil liberties are severly lacking . 
  but iran is * not * saudi arabia . 
  iranian women are highly educated , and they work . 
  iran * is * a democracy in the sense that the government and legilsating bodies * are * elected . 
  and i think importantly , the iranian people are open to the western world 's culture , not just to it 's trade . 
  now , i do n't think europe should be selling weapons to iran ( or buying weapons from them for that matter ) . 
  but the trade sanctions that have been in effect are incomprehensibly ridiculous , especially when compared to the free trade that is going on with the saudis . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  you should n't sell weapons to shit countries . 
  lots of people in this thread argue that the real problem is when the highest bidder gets to inject code into web pages that millions of people visit , which can and does lead to malware infections . 
  ( this is the * standard * way that ads are delivered nowadays ! ), 
  and that is a huge problem that ca n't be brushed away with tears about lost revenue . 
  but personally , i 've been blocking ads for a long time ( privoxy , konqueror , opera scritps etc ) , and it 's not for security reasons . 
  i just get * really * distracted by ads . 
  it 's enough if they do n't follow the color or font scheme of the webpage , it * really * bothers me and i ca n't focus 100 % on the content . 
  i realize that most people are n't as autistic as me with this kind of thing , but i do believe that it does affect everyone to some extent . 
  the exact same kind of no-go areas actually . 
  honestly the people who speak of no-go areas probably never step foot outside their door anyway . 
  out of my class of ~ 40 , i believe at least 25 left sweden for a couple of years to work or study . 
  almost all have returned . 
  swedish people have been emigrating all along . 
  i do n't know if more are emigrating now or whatever , but it 's not a new thing and people are * not * `` fleeing '' , that notion is fucking ridiculous . 
  i suppose such statistics do exist , but i 'm not sure how to access them . 
  the implication here is that the suburbs are those that have a very large muslim/immigrant population . 
  how does it fit into your scheme of life that the group that does this research is leftist and has been doing it for more than 11 years ? 
  what makes you think they expected a different outcome ? 
  are you a mindreader ? 
  thank you for your concern . 
  sweden 's immigration policy is problematic for a number of reasons , and it is connected to sweden 's social policy that sometimes breaks apart families or forces people that can and want to work or study into social security . 
  we are very bad at utilizing the immigrants that come , who are often very ambitious people that often have a very different skillset from the native population . 
  inertia has forced a lot of people into low-pay jobs , self-employment outside of their true skillset , or social security . 
  but all the whining aside , i am very proud that sweden takes responsibility for fellow human beings and are overall eager to listen and learn and self-critisize . 
  i 'm suggesting exactly what i wrote , that people should be able to apply for asylum from abroad , and then be allowed to enter while their application is reviewed via a safe route , i.e. 
  air or normal border crossings . 
  the people that pay the smugglers would surely find it both safer and more affordable to buy an airplane ticket , so it 's a win-win . 
  it is unfair . 
  the current policy is problematic in that it denies a lot of people the chance to seek asylym , because they ca n't pay the smugglers to get to europe . 
  seeking asylum is a human right , and can not be denied . 
  people should not have to pay to do it , and they * definitely * should not have to risk their lives to do it . 
  europe should allow people to apply for asylum from abroad , and enter via safe routes . 
  the dublin convention has at least in this regard played it 's part and need to be replaced . 
  nobody can speak for the entire electorate , not even the elected . 
  what did you expect when you asked for my adress ?
