  we understand the implication , it 's just that the implication is fucking stupid . 
  this method of dealing with social problems is used in many places and for many groups and is very successful . 
  so to say that potential jihadists get special treatment is just plain wrong . 
  and to pretend that this has any connection to jizja is just sad . 
  then maybe you should open up fucking wikipedia . 
  a modest proposal !, 
  thank you for writing this . 
  as an atheist , i often get embarrased when praying is ridiculed . 
  protip : assuming that people you talk to are stupid can be received as rude , offensive , and tedious . 
  i know tons of muslims with way better views than most atheist people . 
  just like i know christians that really do have way better views than most atheists . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it 's appropriate to treat muslims like some kind of homogeneous blob and honestly i 'm not that curious . 
  stuff that appear on the r/europe first page include a finnish policeman being killed , a brexit poem , some radiohead fans get beat up in a shop , rome elects female mayor , and irish football fans sing to a french chick . 
  i think 2500-5000 people marching in a * single * march is quite significant . 
  you talk about 4m muslims as though they live in the same city and should all go to the same march . 
  thanks !, 
  is this confirmed though ? 
  i 've heard all kinds of shit but wikipedia only mentions isil and al-nusra . 
  he pledged allegiance to al-nusra * and * isis , two groups that are at war with each other . 
  he was a terrorist , but a clueless one . 
  i know of two people who changed their minds and voted for the euro after anna lindh was murdered . 
  same goes within nations as well . 
  immigrants will generally be accepted by the native population that live in the cities , where most immigrants live . 
  meanwhile you will find xenophobes in the countryside . 
  no such right exists . 
  but he was n't branded xenophobic . 
  i think he made an interesting point , but the fact is that if certain poles judge today 's muslims based on centuries old history , then they are being xenophobic . 
  this is probably the most important comment in this entire thread . 
  not that i think it 's * just * that people are bad at math -- i think that people are emotionally affected way more by muslims in their countries than they have any cause to be . 
  for reasons of different clothing and media coverage . 
  but the * main * reason that estimation is so vastly off is because small fractions ( the 0-10 % of the population that muslims make up for ) are hard to conceive . 
  to be perfectly clear , the middle eastern cultures themselves are more prone to `` honor '' and violence than swedish culture . 
  it 's going to take at least one generation to catch up to european standards , most likely two . 
  i 'm saying this as an iranian . 
  i love iran and it 's culture , but every culture has its own flaws and every culture can improve . 
  you have to be realistic about these things . 
  seems they were n't , although that 's a bit beside the point . 
  the point was that the title is bad . 
  `` lunch '' . 
  the article clearly states that they complained that their lunch portions were too small . 
  which may have been a valid complaint . 
  still not a reason to burn the house down . 
  is this title misleading or what ? 
  the suspected arsonists were not fasters . 
  they got mad because they thought their day-time lunch portions were too small . 
  yeah it 's laughably shitty behavior , but i 'm amazed at how effortlessly retarded reddit can be about shifting blame to muslims . 
  so because you disagree with our politics that makes it ok for you to make up blatant lies ? 
  sweden is n't worse now than it was before . 
  the rest of the world caught up , and that 's a good thing . 
  while there are tons of problems in sweden , it 's not immigration itself that i 'm worried about . 
  government spending on social security and related areas is very inefficient and done in an incorrect and arrogant way . 
  this * includes * programs directed towards immigrants and is a huge problem . 
  the only national day of sweden that i recognize is midsommarafton . 
  6th of june is a fucking travesty . 
  i actually happened to be in the riksdag the day they decided to make this day a national holiday . 
  if anything was ever cringy , that was it . 
  the politicians arguing for why it would be nice if we could be a little bit more like norway . 
  oh my god what deluded idiots . 
  to be swedish means to piss on nationalism and flag-waving . 
  not him specifically , but it is quite annoying that this type of misinformation is so prevalent on reddit in general . 
  the garbage that people will write about sweden is appalling and the worst part is that these idiots have lied their way into actually believing this nonsense . 
  but you just * did * make that up , because ramadan is * not * a national holiday in sweden . 
  seriously reddit can you please shut the fuck up about sweden you clueless cunts ? 
  i say no to unsupported claims . 
  keep making them and i will keep handing you your soft pink butt . 
  your definition of what constitues a source is extremely loose . 
  for example , the phrase `` danish media indicates ... '' means absolutely nothing . 
  i have n't read the entire [ unfpa publication ] ( http://www.unfpa.org/sites/default/files/sowp/downloads/state_of_world_population_2015_en.pdf ) , but as far as i can tell neither that one * or * any of the other unfpa publications support the numbers quoted ( for example 112 boys per 100 girls in albania ) . 
   this plus recent refugees no . 
  not plus . 
  it is completely clear * why * this gender imbalance exists . 
  it 's * not * because of birth rate and it 's * not * because of abortions . 
  you just have to rtfa to understand that if the equivalence point was passed in march 2015 and proceeded to go to 12000 surplus of men , that can * only * be because of direct immigration . 
  and just to make things completely clear to you , sweden has not accepted 12000 new citizens since march , those would be asylum * seekers * and people who have received residence permits . 
  you did n't provide a source for these practices * in sweden * , you blabbering fool . 
  of course i ca n't debunk it , there simply * are * no such figures . 
  ( which is why your `` proof '' is just you making shit up . ), 
  just as i ca n't debunk the existance of a flying tepot orbiting the earth . 
  again , the snippet in the wikipedia article concerns chinese and indian cultures . 
  taking all immigrants to sweden from southeast asia , they would make up 1 % of sweden 's population . 
  that 's hardly enough to make up a sizable gender gap even if they aborted all of their female fetuses . 
  as for india and the rest of south asia ( bangladesh etc ) we 're talking about 20,000 people in total . 
  a small group , and half of them are adopted . 
  so i hope you can see how irrelevant your `` proof '' is . 
  oh no buddy , * you * are the one claiming that certain groups abort female fetuses in sweden and that this results in gender imbalance . 
  the burden of proof lies with you . 
  oh wow thank you for copypasting wikipedia that really helped . 
  i 'm just a bit confused because it looks like the passage you so gracefully copypasted for us illiterates actually claims that reasons for sex-selective abortions include economic reasons , but you said  everything to do with culture . 
  weird . 
  anyways , i 'm pretty sure that sex-selective abortion , while not prohibited in sweden ( because abortion is legal up until the 18th week of pregnancy no questions asked and that 's final ) , is pretty much * not * a thing . 
  we do n't have that many chinese or indian immigrants in the first place , and as far as i can tell the ones we do have do n't appear to be aborting female fetuses . 
  anyways , did you know that infanticide is explicitly prohibited in islam precisely to combat the practice of killing female babies ? 
  and it ... worked . 
  so we can be pretty sure that this is market data , not poll data then . 
  because people * do * make their own wine . 
  i assume also in pakistan . 
  you disagree ? 
  go talk to a biologist . 
  race is not a loose concept . 
  the ethnic groups you 're listing are often talked about as separate races , but that 's arbitrary , and * again * i need to stress this : a social construct .
