  and that journalist is full of shit by any sort of standard . 
  french is so much closer to spanish though . 
  i always assumed the level of mutual intelligibility was similar between german-swedish and french-spanish . 
   next , laboe mentions that sweden has a big problem with political violence , which i think most swedish people can agree on . 
  many swedish people will agree , but that does n't make it right . 
  political violence in general is not a large problem in regards to number of victims . 
  it is , however , a serious problem , simply by nature of what motivates it . 
   whether or not the far-left is responsible for a majority of the violence i can not answer , i personally do n't know or read any statistics or research about political violence in sweden . 
  well , if you did , you would have known that the statement that the far-left commits more political violence is plain false . 
   and laboe point still stands with that an amount of the left leaning journalists in sweden tend to overlook or `` under-report '' far-left violence . 
  due to their own biases . 
  this is a common claim with zero connection to reality . 
  ** the media is always reporting these things . 
  ** the conjecture that those things are not reported because the media is biased is extremely problematic and i think you can see why if you accept that the premise itself is false . 
  furthermore , the fact that many journalists sympathize with the left is no evidence that their reporting is biased . 
  what you should ask is : are the * editors * left-leaning and are the * editors * biased in their work ? 
  of course , most news outlets in sweden are owned by companies with an * openly * right-wing agenda . 
  conclusion : right-wing editors , right-wing editorials . 
   it 's pretty worrying that a large part of journalists would sympathies with a relatively small party . 
  this would only be worrying under the premise that journalists decide what the media outlets publish , which is a false representation of how media works . 
   it is pretty safe to assume that there being a large politically left bias in swedish media , and its not crazy to imagine it affecting news and other media . 
  only if you assume that journalists routinely get away with editorializing their content . 
  in addition , please note that not all journalists * can * editorialize politically given their field . 
  a journalist that reports on soft events such as some kid that went bathing in the lake in march ca n't exactly simultaneously brainwash you to vote for milj\u00f6partiet ( maybe they can , i do n't know , they may be really good at manipulation ) . 
  a sports journalist is n't exactly put in a position to tell you what to think . 
  keep in mind the number of local newspapers we have , not every journalist works at dn . 
  meanwhile , most news events are reported by tt and * chosen by the editor * . 
  please , if you 're going to imply that tt editorialize , give me a compelling reasons to believe you . 
  the majority of opinions in swedish printed media is given by people with an outspoken right-wing agenda , and that 's ok , because we have free speech and anyone can start a newspaper . 
  please do n't reinforce the view that malm\u00f6 is unsafe . 
  yeah , there is a serious problem with anti-semitism , but there 's also a limit to how far it goes . 
  the following statements are not equivalent : this is the original :  many that you are counting which have higher prosecution rates for the so called autonoma r\u00f6relsen are non-violent ( e.g. 
  vandalism ) this is your cut out version :  the so called autonoma r\u00f6relsen are non-violent the statement by you that follows is true , but i just find it weird that you would even use this premise for that statement . 
  to clarify , he is claiming that the * prosecution rate * for certain crimes are * higher for certain groups * , in contrast to actual crime rate . 
  i have no idea if that statement is true , i 'm just repeating it . 
  yes , it 's a paradox if it can only be defined by majority rule with no further constraints . 
  you need to define * how * to submit a referendum , * who * gets to vote , * when * votes are counted , * how * votes are counted , * how * to carry out the vote into effect , * how * to make an appeal , etc. 
  that is just too simplistic and has no real-world relevance . 
  i have honestly never seen the statement that the left is completely non-violent made whether in earnest or even sarcastically , but if you say so , i 'll take your word for it and be more careful with expressing my sentiment in the future . 
  i do n't think my expectations for how my statement should have been interpreted are unreasonable * given the context in which it was posted which included a source * . 
  i do understand that my comment that you should go back and look at the numbers came off as rude , but honestly , if you had done so you would have realized that i did n't claim that the left never uses violence . 
  lack of absoluteness was implied from the source . 
  i understand that you glossed over the source since it was given in swedish , but i still think you were a bit overzealous in the discussion that ensued . 
  a simple clarification was n't enough for you . 
  you had to push it , and even then i admitted ambiguity and edited my comment . 
  congratulations , you won . 
  for the other two constraints , i was not the one giving them . 
  location was implied from the parent comment and everything else about this thread . 
  relativity was implied from the statement that started this subthread ( `` x < y '' when in fact `` x  y '' ) . 
  we disagree on the unreasonableness of these points and that 's fine . 
  that 's why i clarified and edited my comment . 
  i do however find it strange that you continue to press it . 
  your attitude is so unforgiving that it makes discussion very hard . 
  ( `` it 's not my problem that you did n't mean what you said . '' ), 
  i was genuinely trying to * get * somewhere but we ca n't make progress if both of us are not willing to listen to each other . 
  but to say that i 'm engaging in `` incontroversial thought termination '' is just over the top . 
  i do n't know where this is coming from but i find it quite disturbing . 
  that interpretation is just so bleak that it makes me genuinely worried . 
   i 'm not so sure if there 's a `` we '' in this regard , but even if there is are you implying that i have a shadow account ? 
  :d  i already pointed out to you that i was n't talking about that statement . 
  i know , you are still clinging to the strawman that there 's a claim that the left literally never ever hurt anyone . 
  which we have been over already . 
   thus challenging what i said with `` but another sentence i was thinking of just now is true '' is rather pointless . 
  but what you said is completely inconsequential . 
  you 're bringing up germany in a thread about sweden . 
  for all i know german nazis may be the most zen people on earth and german anarchists the worst terrorists of all , i honestly have no idea , and for the purposes of this discussion i honestly do n't care . 
  your entire presence in this thread has been to put words into the mouths of others . 
   ah yes , the old `` but the others are worse ! '', 
  excuse . 
  that 's not an excuse , that is in * direct fucking relation * to the parent of this comment thread that claims `` the left-wing are the worst '' . 
  i know you have trouble following context but holy shit man get a grip . 
  yes , sadly that 's true . 
  the hyperbole makes it hard to figure out what 's really going on , even for native swedes . 
  we 're not excusing political violence . 
  we 're pointing out that the statement  sweden has had a big problem with political violence for a long time , and most of that violence actually came from the far-left is false . 
  there 's really nothing else to say on the matter , it 's simply plain wrong . 
  yeah , that / s is the epitome of communication right there . 
  i get it , you 're being sarcastic and offering no solution . 
  meanwhile , we have holocaust rememberance days every year in our schools to counteract anti-semitism , but i guess that 's not really necessary because `` good white sweds '' do n't need education . 
  i 'm certainly not arguing that they are innocent , i 'm talking about ways to fix it . 
  he 's claiming that most of the political violence comes from the left . 
  that 's simply false . 
  he 's claiming that there is a relationship between the political preferences of journalists and the absence of reports on violence from the far left . 
  in reality , violence from the far left is heavily publisized when it happens . 
  to claim that it is n't is just moronic . 
  to also imply that there would be a relationship to journalists political preferenses is even more disingenious , because the media outlets themselves are generally controlled by other interests . 
  so sure , a journalist may vote for the greens , but his boss sure as hell is not voting for the greens . 
  it is true that janne josefsson touches on subjects that are not mainstream , and is able to bring that to the spotlight in a way that other journalists often fail to do . 
  that is to his credit . 
  however , he is * not * the only serious journalist . 
  in fact , janne josefsson is prone to sensationalism . 
  you forgot the  statement no leftwinger would ever make / s because * sarcastic statements need to be marked as such , completely rendering the effect useless * sarcasm is an elevated form of communication . 
  yes , i understand and respect that . 
  however , i was looking for such an event in sweden , not germany . 
  the antifa scene in germany is very different from the rest of europe for various reasons , and besides , this entire thread regards sweden . 
  that is so constructive . 
  yes . 
  source please . 
   kill them might i hint at the irony of this statement given our recent exchange , genitaliban ? 
  context is clearly necessary to judge any claim .
