  and that 's terrible . 
  i 'm glad that everyone is ok . 
  i 'm not saying political violence does n't exist outside of the far right . 
  it is however notable that only the far right deliberately murder , and also that so far only the far right is involved in `` accidents '' with a fatal outcome . 
   these people are on the same level as the said nazis . 
   these people are on the same level as the said nazis . 
  just ** no ** . 
  rhetoric and practic are not the same . 
  your statement will be semi-legitimate when the first leftist in finland/scandinavia commits political murder or manslaughter . 
   discouraged the frm posted a photo of the murdered man on their website , in a pool of his own blood , writing that they had to `` discourage '' certain proesters that had `` assaulted '' the patriots with curse words and shouting . 
  nono , thank * you * for * your * valuble input . 
  it is a very good point that the 9.9 % of denmarks population that are immigrants ( from all countries ) is not representative of europe as a whole . 
  oh wait , statistically , that is basically the average , but fuck , who cares . 
  i 'm sorry to burst your oh-so-fragile bubble , but you wo n't live to see the next century . 
  ethnicity and race are not the same . 
  ethnicity is basically everything that is n't race . 
  so race then . 
  this is very promising , but i feel that we need to work a bit on the premise . 
  the idea that nato would not mobilize to defend the baltic states seems far-fetched to me . 
  again , i barely read the news , but is there any reason to believe that they would n't ? 
  given that nato assets are already deployed in the baltic states , there is some firepower to be reckoned with . 
  and let 's assume , for the excitement of our readers , that the baltic states at the very least manage to find some measure of cooperstion between themselves in those trying times . 
  if they can also convince finland to aid them ( which should be managable ) , the resistance would be considerable , even with the rest of nato biding their time and sweden holding on to their stinking neutrality . 
  yes , i see it now . 
  the epic tale of three different people of the baltic states , assuming command over the available tools for resistance , each giving russians hell for every inch of freedom . 
  against all odds , forced by necessity , they are able to put their vast differences aside to combine their forces against the common enemy . 
  just make one of them a woman . 
  it is 2016 after all . 
  i 'm not pretending to be a foreign policy expert , but i think your scenario begs the question a bit . 
  if russia was indeed to invade , sweden would likely exhaust all diplomatic options before engaging militarily . 
  however , it must be said that the russians are not exactly invincible , which the finns proved admirably . 
  and invading gotland without first securing the baltic states is a whole different logistic matter than to walk past the land border ( or use the considerably shorter water routes ) into crimea . 
  in fact , i think 150 good men should be able to hold their own against some russians that crawl onto land from out of a submarine . 
  ( funny with the downvotes by the way . 
  bring 'em on , backseat debaters . ), 
  right you are . 
  gotland has had a high strategic importance since the middle ages . 
  but the situation has been stable since the cold war . 
  i do n't see anything that warrants a significant change in foreign policy for sweden , as in , to enter nato . 
  russia is not a direct threat . 
  them invading airspace and sending submarines seems more like an adrenaline addiction than strategic . 
  then maybe you should take another look at the numbers before making wild claims . 
  because these words are arbitrary , i at least think that the best definition of racism is similar to the one that the un uses . 
  which includes nationality . 
  so that there is an overlap between racism an xenophobia and circumstances when the two terms can be used interchangeably . 
  i know this may not seem ideal , but it all goes back to race being so ill-defined in the first place . 
  we do n't know the `` real '' reason . 
  the suggestion that the attackers might simply have looked for any target that they could rally against is valid . 
  there is no generally accepted biological definition of race , especially for humans . 
  some definitions would indeed separate the british and the polish as distinct races , others might go deeper still . 
  this discussion pops up every time the term racism is used on r/europe ( which is often ) , and it will never lead anywhere , because these terms are very arbitrary to begin with . 
  are you sure it 's banned ? 
  in sweden , most schools * claim * that hats are banned . 
  in reality , the law states that schools can not regulate student 's clothing . 
   if you keep on being wrong i will continue to disagree with you . 
  one covers face . 
  the other does n't . 
   so you mean to say that the islamic world has had a feminist wave like the western world did ?? 
  http://mystealthyfreedom.net/en/ gal that started it explains very lucidly why the french burkini ban is insane , if you care to educate yourself . 
  this is of course just one very small campain , not really even an indicator . 
  i 'm not going to try to explain to you how muslim women are actually people with thoughts and intelligence . 
  if you do n't grasp that , then you 're already lost . 
  and yeah , iran was secular before the revolution . 
  yet , a majority of women chose to cover their hair . 
  talk to any iranian woman , she will say that the number of women who * wanted * to cover their hair out of their free will was greater when iran was secular , than it is now . 
  i have told you twice already , burka and burkini are not in the same ballpark . 
  third time 's the charm ? 
  even if you think that they are very similar , surely you ca n't possibly mean that they are demeaning to women * to the same extent * . 
  the burka covers the * face * . 
  a burkini covers the body , just like most garments actually do . 
  a bikini is a funny exception that was highly controversial when it first came out . 
   offcourse women in the mulsim world would say that they wear the burka out of free will . 
  this is some of the most condescending and deluded shit ever . 
  you have obviously never had an actual conversation with a muslim woman . 
  so you completely reject the notion that women would choose to cover their bodies and hair , eventhough many women in the western world have actually started doing that ? 
  tons of women in the muslim world support the right to choose how you dress , yet they themselves would dress traditionally . 
  this was for example true in iran before the revolution , and is still true there today , although today they do not have a choice in the matter legally . 
  finally , the state has absolutely no business interfering with religion . 
  that 's the whole point of secularism , and it goes both ways . 
  it 's not a semantic difference . 
  it 's a qualitative difference . 
  the fact that the two words sound alike is a play on words and a bit of a joke . 
  suppression of individual identity is what you see the police doing in the article . 
  burkini . 
  not burka . 
  two very different things . 
  in science , `` vegetarian '' without prefix means plant and fungi based , i.e. 
  it comes from dirt . 
  you an permanently lose your ability to digest meat for a number of different reasons . 
  but not because of a non-meat diet . 
  meat is hard to digest and trauma to the gut either via infection , prolonged periods without food or physical trauma can make it impossible to deal with . 
  you can find anything for anything . 
  of course you would . 
  we all get angry beyond reason when someone we know is mistreated . 
  but norway 's penal system is not some fluke . 
  if you let your brain do the thinking instead of your gut , it becomes pretty clear that punishment is n't going to stop crime . 
  sadly , many people do n't care about preventing crime . 
  they think of punishment as justice . 
  a sort of dead-end reasoning that leaves the whole world blind , and all . 
  and what kind of argument would you like in return when you claim that muslims are extorting denmark for protection money ?
