  i even have its skyline ad my desktop background . 
  never been there . 
  leave the world out of it , you 're the one who is fucked up . 
  well to be fair the climate does n't give two shits if we have good health care or not . 
  i know what you mean , but we live in an information age . 
  we all need to learn how to filter the information we take in so we do n't get overwhelmed . 
  all in all , violence is down . 
  people have never been as safe or healthy or have had access to anywhere near this standard of care , education and opportunity , in the history of mankind . 
  it 's a bit of a disservice to spoil it by going all apocalyptic . 
  you are an asshat on so many levels , but just tobe clear : the typical guy that goes on a killing spree is a young white virgin . 
  much like yourself . 
  yep , agreed . 
  i also presented anecdotal evidence but for some reason , this time i got upvoted . 
  the worst thing is probably statements that are presented as general facts but without a source . 
  nah , i meant to answer to you , because you went along with the train of thought in the thread , but i thought you were n't completely onboard the train either . 
  i 'm not in the mood to try to convince someone that thinks islam is incompatible with democracy otherwise . 
  maybe another day . 
  not sure why you got downvoted though . 
  you statad facts in a clear and non-offensive manner . 
  reddit is weird sometimes . 
  politics as a whole would probably be better if everyone were required to think for 15 minutes before talking . 
  keep it up mate . 
  i live in sweden , one of the least religious countries in the world . 
  i have christian friends that regularly attend church . 
  faith is nothing casual for them -- it 's their lifestyle . 
  but i 've never felt that i was n't accepted by them . 
  i 've never felt that we could n't discuss any issue , whether it was sex or drugs or rocknroll . 
  i 've never felt like they are trying to convert me . 
  even when they invited me to come along to church , it was just to hang out . 
  they have doubts too , and they talk about their doubts . 
  it 's fine . 
  in fact , they are the people who always defended my right to speak . 
  they are the ones who * always * defended the rights of homosexuals . 
  they are the ones who opened up their homes to immigrants . 
  the list goes on , but to keep it short , they are the mother fucking * model * of what a citizen in a democratic society should be . 
  i also know many muslims , and i regularly visit iran . 
  they are * actual * muslims that pray six times a day , that anonymously buy all the bread in the bakery and give it away for free , that save up money to go for hajj , and so on . 
  guess what !, 
  they never ever judged me . 
  they have no problems at all with my gay cousin . 
  they used the celebratepride thing on facebook like everyone else , but unlike everyone else , explain exactly why they did use it . 
  they 're trying hard to figure out how to make their culture be more equal , something that is actually difficult and does not happen magically . 
  my point here is that , while i disagree with religion , i do respect lots of religious people . 
  i 've come to the understanding that if religious people can respect me and other atheists , and possess the ability to think rationally outside of their belief in a skyman , then their faith is none of my business and i owe them my respect in return . 
  tl ; dr : you will find lots of awesome christians and muslims . 
  being defensive against religious people is ridiculous . 
  you might have more in common with a lot of religious people than you do with many atheitsts . 
  and that 's fine . 
  i 'm not saying he 's an angel . 
  i 'm saying that you 're hurting your own country and you 're seriously demeaning what it means to be a danish citizen . 
  i know that they have determined that either indefinite incarceration in denmark or the death penalty in marocco is an appropriate response here . 
  and that is their pregorative . 
  but i question their judgement . 
  you 're on a slippery slope , thin ice , out fishin ' , etc. 
  i think punishments should fit the crime . 
  you 're right . 
  but it 's speech . 
  some speech is criminal , and i do n't like the fact , but i accept it . 
  but speech , however horrendous , can never be considered a serious crime . 
  especially if that crime is that they have a big fat mouth . 
  i do not believe this is true . 
  i 'm no expert on international law but as i understand it every human being has the right to a nationality according to the un . 
  that 's why you can only take away citizenship if the indivudual already has another citizenship to fall back on . 
  i also do not feel any sympathy for him , but this is not good news at all . 
  he was denaturalised for using ( edit : misusing ) his right to free speech . 
  of course he 's a disgusting moron that hates his own rights , but harsh convictions for speech is simply unjust and unworthy . 
  to add salt in the wounds , this seems like a slippery slope . 
  nono , of course you wo n't get downvoted , that comment was super duper insightful !, 
  `` unless we exterminate the jews , hitler will come to power ! '', 
  you do realize that they are fleeing from a warzone , right ? 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  i 'm travelling . 
  first of all , i also oppose hate speech laws . 
  i 'd rather see them gone . 
  but : i fully understand that there are lots of restrictions to free speech in any democracy . 
  this is the equivalent to slander laws , but for ethnic groups . 
  and like slander laws , they have to be a bit unfair so they do n't become completely draconian . 
  it 's okay to slander the queen . 
  it 's not okay to slander your neighbor . 
  moving on , i think your conclusions about an absent debate are false . 
  hate speech laws are very recent . 
  they did n't kill any scientific debate . 
  that finnish mp was quite clumsy about how he presented his argument , which was my original point . 
  especially the tired old grievance that hate speech laws do not protect the majority leads me to think there was more going on with him too . 
  it means that we ca n't be content with opposing islamisn in europe . 
  we also need to support normal people in the middle east particilatly . 
  the main thing we can start doing is not to support islamists , even if they are fighting other islamists or russians or if they happen to have shitloads of oil . 
  to give you an example of how i think we 're failing : it 's popular among middle-aged swedish men to call for denaturalisation of isis fighters with swedish citizenships at the moment . 
  in other words , they want us to actually send terrorists to syria ( as long as they are n't swedish citizens ) . 
  i 'm not too familiaf with the mods so i ca n't claim that they are not abusing power . 
  but a megathread sounds like a good solution here . 
  i 'm not ignoring islamism as a threat . 
  i just think that a ) europe has even more pressing issues and b ) we can deal with islamism only by staying together as a global community , since kt is a global problem . 
  this . 
  you ca n't argue reasonably here without getting buried , which is ironic considering how much the racists whine about censorship . 
  i can deal with dissenting opinion . 
  disruptive behavior on the other hand is deplorable . 
  you 're not a nazi and your first post should probably not have been deleted . 
  but nazis and other fascists with a lot of spare time are trolling here . 
  that 's not your fault and you 're right about censorship in general , but remember that this is just an internet community and we 're trying to discuss other things than just islam and immigration here .
