  do n't care . 
   frankly when muslim and other religious people arrive to a point where they refute most of the teaching they would in position of becoming agnostic or atheist . 
  it 's not your place to judge how other people should define themselves . 
  that 's not what i wrote . 
  i 'm talking about people that strongly identify as muslims and take their religion seriously , but still do n't fit into your image of what a muslim is supposed to be . 
  i 'm also not saying that large portions of muslims do not hold many problematic views . 
  that is a separate issue altogether . 
  then they should n't have signed those fucking treaties , should they ? 
  they can also strike the words `` human rights '' from all their documents because asylum is a human fucking right . 
  popular opinion is such a fickle bitch that if you listen to it ( and fail because people are retards ) , you will lose the favor of the people much harder than you do by going against their will and calling them retards . 
  there is a misconception that democracy means that whatever is popular at the moment goes . 
  but in reality , for democracy to have even the slightest chance of working , there are other things in place . 
  pillars that the popular vote stand upon . 
  those pillars are the human rights , and include several things that the popular vote is completely meaningless without . 
  to be able to apply for asylum , and get your application tried fairly , is a human right . 
  there is also something called the law ( ca n't believe that i 'm referring to the fucking law but whatever ) . 
  the law states that no matter how ignorant fools feel about it , every person has the right to apply for asylum and get their application tried . 
  this guy gets it . 
  that is simply not true . 
  there are tons of muslims that abhor the idea of violence . 
  the polls you speak of have grains of truth for certain nations and no truth for others . 
  also , the views of people can change . 
  not all muslims are the same . 
  not all will believe in the ideas that you ascribe them and still identify as muslims . 
  they are , you know , people . 
  hm , from those names it looks like every single one of them is iranian . 
  i 'm do n't believe that iranian ex-muslims are subject to any kind of threat from their own families , and i do n't think they are in a position to really support sunni ex-muslims in that kind of situation . 
  ( i still think it 's great that they organize of course , but it 's not what i was looking for . ), 
  no , of course it is n't . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm comfortable with calling it `` the '' islamic view though . 
  i knows tons of christians ( the kind that go to church every week ) that support lgbt rights . 
  in the same vein i know tons of muslims ( the kind that happily pray 5 times a day ) that support lgbt rights and women 's rights . 
  it 's simply unfair to group them all together , eventhough i do understand exactly what you mean . 
  large parts of the islamic community is extremely backwards and pose a big threat in the world , which is something that needs to be taken seriously . 
  what do you think the rest of us can do to help people like you ? 
  you are perhaps a bit over dramatic , but there is some truth to your statement nonetheless . 
  it is however not unproblematic . 
  please remember that many europeans will not accept moderate islam or indeed anything that deviates from what they are used to ( culturally and even aesthetically ) . 
  islamophobia is not a myth ; it is a huge threat that is costing lives . 
  this is such an important point . 
  the mere shadow of a presence of pressure from parents their on their children 's political or spiritual views is problematic . 
  democracy can not exsit if freedom of thought and expression is not guaranteed for all . 
  do you know this person or what ? 
  i 'm sorry , did i miss something here ? 
  have you been murdered for leaving your faith ? 
  then maybe consider shutting the hell up . 
  it 's the oppositie of assimilation , not integration . 
  `` fear of islam is not irrational '' , yeah we know now go back to your casket and ooze for another century , thank you . 
  no , retard . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic but adressing extremism is not racist . 
  stop with the fucking meme , you make yourself and everyone else with your racist attitude look like the moronic jizzrags that you actually are . 
  i think you underestimate to what extent european countries already work to undermine nazism and to some extent communism . 
  we have holocaust rememberance days every year in our schools where the students go to classes and get assignments that are specifically geared toward stopping nazism . 
  our laws for free speech are also far more limited than the american counterparts . 
  germany can hardly be described as truly liberal . 
  it is one of the archetypes of a social democracy . 
  especially in a global or historical context the leftist connotations are natural . 
  something that is often metioned about placebo is that the color of the pill matters . 
  most cultures associate blue with tranquility , so blue sleeping pills give you better sleep . 
  but italians associate blue with excitement , so supposedly their sleeping pills are/should be differenly colored . 
  it 's us against the world and we hold our own . 
  did someone say refugees ?? 
  i ca n't remember if i want to fuck them to death or if i want to fuck them with love . 
  `` why is this subway car completely empty ? '', 
  level of toxicity , when choosing to be toxic : 1 . the swedish 2 . the french 3 . the british 4 . the german 5 . the russian 6 . the ukranian 7 . the greek 8 . the serbian serbian toxicity basically boils down to `` hey calm down bro , i have great abs and my family has house in monaco '', 
  maybe they would in a market that was purely based on the value of the product , but there 's too much politics and bribery going on in these huge sales for sweden to sell a lot of planes . 
  sweden has this . 
  it 's not enough . 
  i 'm so glad she stood up for herself , and that it paid off for her . 
  a small slice of justice . 
  lots of people go through similar things and are bullied into silence . 
  i hope your echo chamber is cozy . 
   because that is what they patently do . 
  logic is explained above . 
  i understand that you hold absurd beliefs that prevent you from accepting these facts , similar to how beliefs of a devout christian prevent him from accepting the fact that our planet is older than a few thousand years . 
   it does not make it any less factual that this is patently how these movements work , and that we have overwhelming historic evidence of this . 
  okay , now i am legitimately confused . 
  do we or do we not agree that the far right primarily target a few specific subsets of the population ? 
  ( i think we do agree , but you 're not letting this go so i 'm just making sure . ), 
   working internal intelligence coupled with far less whining at the police for being `` racist '' when dealing harshly with distinctly hostile elements within our society are the main factors here , rather than having slightly less immigrants than denmark and norway . 
  i think both of those reasons are beside the point , or at the very least , not applicable to the kind of political violence we see in the rest of scandinavia . 
  once again , then . 
  the bulk of political violence is perpetrated by natives . 
  i believe that one of your points is that this political violence is directly triggered by higher immigration ? 
  i would argue that this is a bit simplistic as counterexamples can be made ( heterogenous ethnicity is not itself a major trigger ) . 
  while the importance of police work can not be understated , they can not reasonably be expected to prevent people like anton lundin , peter mangs or anders breivik . 
  it 's a system-wide failure and not an issue of having hard as rock cops . 
  you took lowest possible estimates for sweden , and massively overinflated for denmark and norway . 
  you completely ignored the current migration crisis and its effects . 
  i used the sources you gave me . 
  how di you expect me to quantify the effect of the last year , that is really not a reasonable request . 
  what the fuck man , do some work yourself if you 're not satisfied . 
  anyways , i will use my slow as shit five year old smartphone to present the numbers , but that will be it for me entertaining you . 
  # sweden  as of 2011 , statistics sweden reported , around 1,858,000 or 19.6 % inhabitants of sweden were from a foreign background ... and  ( 64.3 % ) were born outside the eu 19.6 * .643 = 12.6 . 
  yeah no , i 'm not gon na look at the number of norwegian , russian , swiss , american , australian immigrants to sweden . 
  let 's just say 10 % non-western to be safe . 
  happy ? 
  # norway  immigrants constituted 13 % of the population at the start of 2015 , and an additional 2,6 % were born in norway by immigrant parents . 
   ( 49 % ) have a non-western background . 
  15.6 * .49 = 7.6 # denmark  according to 2012 figures from statistics denmark , 89.6 % of denmark 's population ... was of danish descent .
