  in certain areas , the us is much more progressive than europe . 
  ethnicity is definitely one of them . 
  the us is the most multicultural society in history , and for all its faults it still serves as a great example . 
  i whole-heartedly agree with focusing on helping refugees locally . 
  clearly a lot more can be done and helping people in need is probably the best investment you can make . 
  but helping locally and granting asylum are not mutually exclusive . 
  sweden already does a lot in and near war-zones . 
  if we can do more , then that 's great . 
  but it 's not enough to help only locally . 
  some people are in immediate need , and while we ca n't help everyone , that does not mean that we should not help some . 
  i 'm all for being realistic with expenses , but one should be very careful when putting a price tag on human life . 
  even if they were the majority and their opinions `` normal '' , that would not make their opinions right . 
  sending a message is not justice . 
  it 's so depressing that this sort of thing passes for an insightful comment . 
  i imagine that he applied for a visa to give talks for the pen . 
  the splendid swedish summer would probably have been a bonus . 
  visa , not asylum . 
  next time , try reading the fucking article before you comment . 
  in fact , try reading the title . 
  in fact , do n't comment at all . 
  please stop trolling . 
  there are no numbers for illegal immigration . 
  what we do know is that applications for asylum dropped after australia made it clear that no asylums would be granted . 
  which any idiot should be able to realize . 
  the australian model is not only brutal and quite possibly illegal , it 's also most likely detrimental to the cause . 
  stability and peace is the only thing that will lessen the amounts of refugees . 
  thanks for trying , but i 'm afraid it 's no use . 
  these people long forgot about the real problems europe is facing and replaced them with shadows . 
  sense , logic and research have been corrupted to mean gut reaction and parroting . 
  the downvote brigade has n't even arrived yet . 
  so , if i read you correctly , you look at the news and think `` gee , they sure are inventive regarding excuses for brining in immigrants '' . 
  to me , this translates to a ) an innate unwillingness against immigrants and b ) a failure to see that multiple reasons exists for everything . 
  so culture is the hallmark of the human race , right ? 
  it 's what truly sets us apart , that we can evolve through experiences and ideas . 
  so immigration becomes this incredible tool to shape culture . 
  i know that lots of people are afraid of this and think that a lot of good aspects of european culture are disappearing , and they look at this tool and think of it as a weapon being used against them . 
  i think this is false to begin with . 
  but this does not seem to be the whole of your issue with this . 
  you mention that whatever issues japan may or may not have , they will remain a japanese nation . 
  but all of this implies that a european race ( or something ) is endangered and needs protection like some kind of poor old rhino . 
  i think that from a genetic point of view and on a macro scale , mixing is extremely beneficial . 
  because i believe in evolution , which is chaotic by nature . 
  big families are not affordable anymore for one reason only : because of the social security nets we have now . 
  big families used to be your security net , now they 're not , so big families never pose any benefit but are still very costly . 
  obviously , most people * do not want * twelve kids , and they probably did n't want that many kids ever before in the history of humans either . 
  it was just that humans were a different species back then if you consider our survival and reproduction strategies . 
  we were more on the * r * side of selection strategies : lots of kids so that some survive to take care of us when we 're old , * if * we grow to be old . 
  more like rats . 
  now we 're more on the * k * side , we put much more emphasis on the children we actually have because we can afford to go for quality over quantity . 
  this is likely to bounce back and forth for sure , but i still think it 's something to be celebrated rather than to be afraid of . 
  well , immigration is due to lots of different things . 
  much of the labour that we get from immigration is something that you ca n't really get by making more babies . 
  immigrant labour is cheap because you get grown ups that can be productive right away instead of children that you need to nurture and educate for 18 + years before they can be productive . 
  this falls into any line of work , high-skilled or low-skilled does n't matter . 
  i think the issue that you 're adressing is the one with the aging workforce of europe , similar to how japan 's population is very old . 
  i think what we really need is to reassess our values here . 
  there 's no reason that we ca n't take care of our old ones better than we did say 30 years ago . 
  we have huge possibilities to do so but unfortunately our priorities are not quite right in my mind . 
  rtfa, 
  exactly . 
  but you do n't get any society you want without actively working for it . 
  that 's why visions and ideals are needed , as well as actions towards the betterment of society . 
  i think you 're confusing some random reddit guy 's opinion with science . 
  yes of course . 
  and of course , the science-supported rational claims get downvoted . 
  how ? 
  really . 
  because you know , they are illegal . 
  so they are outside of the system . 
  in other words , they * exclusively * contribute . 
  you said , and i quote  look at unemployment in southern europe and it makes perfect sense that there can be no more illegal immigration . 
  how am i supposed to decipher this statement ? 
  unemployment rates are because of illegal immigrants . 
  okay . 
  i 'm just saying that the argument makes no sense . 
  the only way to curb explosive population growth is through social security . 
  i do n't give a shit if 4 billion people live in africa or in europe . 
  either way the earth ca n't take it . 
  do you ever say anything useful ? 
  the notion that europe is about to crumble under the pressure of refugees is fucking ridiculous and for you to even compare it to a sinking ship is beyond pathethic . 
  that people do n't apply for asylum is n't so strange , since they know they wo n't get it . 
  that does n't mean they still do not come . 
  no , of course it does n't matter . 
  but for the record the costumes are fabulous and i 'm ready to be corrupted too . 
  having relations with the opposite sex does not make you a heterosexual . 
  plenty of gay men live married to women , have children , and have sex with their wives regularly . 
  sexuality is not about who you have sex with but about who turns you on . 
  if you look just a * tad * more closely in this thread , you see that a user claims that they do the same in greece . 
  so we have two south-eastern european countries that do this . 
  then i add that they do it in iran , just east of europe 's eastmost country , turkey . 
  is it * so * weird to suggest that maybe this is something that is common for the entire region ? 
  maybe it is n't . 
  just a suggestion . 
  yes . 
  they do the same in iran , so i guess this is may be common outside of europe . 
  get your shit together . 
  all she did was to critisize the fact that she was n't allowed to even critisize their treatment of women . 
  boom , diplomats called home . 
  i 'm under no delusion that her making a speech about human rights to saudi delegates would change a damn thing for the people of saudi arabia , but * that 's * what we 're discussing , not whether or not it is a good idea to pump in the enormous amounts of money every day to this country that has nothing to offer the world except oil . 
  ( i 'm sure saudi arabia could offer a great deal more than just oil if the rest of the world would n't put up with the current situation , though . ),
