  i assume you can read english ? 
  for the first crime , he got a prison sentence . 
  seems like a bit of an idiot . 
  however , after having served a prison sentence you are to be regarded as anyone else . 
  yes , dude . 
  yes . 
  edit : [ you can read about kent ekeroth here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_ekeroth ) it 's really quite interesting how they tried to use the entire thing to look like they had been attacked by nasty old immigrants , when in fact they were the once who were violent . 
  quite misleading . 
  the his second crime was to block a transport of people that had been denied asylym , not for waving a big bright light as the article suggests . 
  any time bro . 
  they 're not just any members . 
  we 're talking about people in high positions . 
  pff . 
  source or gtfo . 
  actually , this has been on the agenda for years . 
  it 's just not a point of discussion because everyone agrees that it is the case . 
  however , much more needs to be done in this regard . 
  and f !, 
  is probably the brightest hope there . 
  on the other hand , you have amazing cities . 
  and we 're not far away if you ever want to visit . 
  but having the forest just steps away from your house is amazing , especially in the winter . 
  i do n't think it 's culture as much as it is experience . 
  these people come from some of the shittiest circumstances in the world right now . 
  however , it is true that culture does play a role and needs to be addressed , especially with regards to women 's rights . 
  that 's an interesting question , and the source of a lot of dissonance in sweden with regards to immigration right now . 
  on one hand , we feel that people that are legitimately in need of refuge should be allowed to come here regardless of circumstances . 
  the thing is that many of those people are poor , and often they will have problems associated with them by the very definition of being legitimate refugees . 
  on the other hand , we need people who already have money and perhaps are well-educated or at least have skills that we need . 
  but somehow we ca n't justify letting them come here , because they 're fine . 
  all in all , we go out of our way to take in people that have problems while at the same time making it really hard for people that can work to get here . 
  it 's silly , but the solution is not to blame the refugees . 
  there 's a lot that needs to change about swedish immigration but i do n't think we 're on the right track with this discussion . 
  sure , why not . 
  so , just to make things clear : the grenade attacks * are * being discussed and addressed . 
  the guy i 'm replying to is implying that they are being ignored . 
  only if by `` turning a blind eye '' you mean `` stopping immigration '' . 
  what point am i missing ? 
  i know that immigrants are more more likely to commit violent crimes . 
  especially people from norhten africa and the middle east . 
  that 's not news in any sense , and it has never been censored . 
  we just interpret it differently . 
  yep , this is * such * an interesting thing , how the collective mood swings with such periodicity and even predictability . 
  it 's of course frightening too , since we all know how far this mood can actually swing . 
  but as always it 's probably unhelpful to tell people that they 're on their period and to chill out . 
  thanks for writing that , that actually means a lot to me . 
  we certainly do n't have to agree , but discussion is vital for us all . 
  there is no such thing as objectivity . 
  it 's a bit sad to see how people are so used to making a quick google search and linking to a study that proves their position , as if that 's `` research '' . 
  it 's such an easy way to win an online argument . 
  we have such incredible opportunities for researching things for ourselves today , thanks to the internet . 
  but it only works if we 're willing to put in the time into it , and to actually reflect about the things we find . 
  thanks . 
  reddit has changed a lot for sure . 
  the downvote button is being misused a lot , by both sides . 
  i 'm more worried about sweden afk than i am about reddit though . 
  even if reddit is more extreme than sweden afk , the fact of the matter is that everyone is acting a bit psychotic at the moment . 
  and why the fuck not ? 
  if you want to be that harsh , why not just reinstate the death penalty ? 
  easy `` solution '' . 
  20 years ago ? 
  like last month an sd politician was caught with a shitload of ignition caps , and the cops also found like 500 kgs of dynamite on the premises that belonged to his neo-nazi buddy . 
  no but that 's just normal , most swedish politicians like to hang out with nazis and store explosives for their friends . 
  this is the most true thing to have been said in this whole farce . 
  sd is the most unswedish thing that has happened in a long time . 
  i 'm proud of what sweden is , and like any culture , it has to change . 
  i do however feel like we 're going in the wrong direction . 
  we have tons of issues , integration being one of them . 
  none of these issues can be fixed with a misplaced culture-conservatism that does n't even understand or respect what swedish culture actually is . 
  the following thing has happened to me twice : i drink with a stranger and think that i 've made a new friend . 
  casually in the conversation , the fact that i 'm from iran comes up . 
  the guy is like `` what ... . '' i find the whole thing strange . 
  do n't they fucking * see * that i 'm a blatte ? 
  apparently not . 
  they hear me speak and they assume `` swedish guy '' . 
  and that 's sweet in a way . 
  but these strangers , separately , admitted to me that they felt uneasy about me after learning this . 
  we talked about why . 
  it boiled down to racism that they admitted to , and did n't seem to be proud of . 
  and i can understand that , racism is n't a rational feeling and we all have flaws . 
  that 's ok , but also really strange to me . 
  they would go on and on with asking me about islam . 
  i would answer their questions to the best of my knowledge , but they just could n't wrap their heads around the fact that i 'm not a muslim . 
  i 'm an atheist , just like them . 
  in the end , we did n't become friends . 
  in the end , i were n't swedish to them . 
  edit : lol downvoted . 
  this is * so * important . 
  my main problem with sd is that they think they have the right to define swedish culture . 
  jimmy \u00c5kesson has stated that a native swede that does n't conform to swedish culture is not to be considered swedish . 
  fuck that guy and the scum he rode in on . 
  sweden has many real issues , and integration is one of them . 
  but to give you an example , * every * time an immigrant commits a violent crime , you will get like 5 threads on / r/europe . 
  but every time a swedish person commits a crime you get nothing . 
  nobody posts about that , because the racists do n't find it to fit their agenda and the rest of us do n't want to act like idiots . 
  two days after the ikea murders a young swedish guy stabs three people in the street . 
  luckily it seems that nobody died . 
  he just stabs them unprovoked . 
  turns out the guy has been seeking mental help for years and being denied .
