to discuss european things ? 
  man , shit has been fucked up for ever . 
  no one needs your contrarian soapbox rants . 
  nothing is a touchy subject if you 're not a complete ignorant puss about it or when discussing it . 
  i do n't think america is that far in to it yet . 
  if you 're black and do n't live in the ghetto , you 're also fine . 
  it 's more like 315 million . 
  it was ~ $ 0 for me when i was in for an extended stay . 
  because good insurance . 
  the great lakes contain a great portion of the world 's freshwater . 
  overall , it 's not . 
  it 's a huge state . 
  however there are portions of the state that are exactly flat for hundred ( s ) of miles . 
  everybody on reddit is both an international law expert and a armchair constitutional scholar !, 
  sensationalism !, 
  leading to misinformation !, 
  canada has n't ever really been historically neutral . 
  [ something ] the planet, 
  translation ? 
  and americans do n't give a fuck about romania , nor could many find it on a globe . 
  still you and / u/jayrate do n't seem to grasp what the concept of american exceptionalism is at its core , or what it was historically but now has been convoluted . 
  it 's not that america is better , but that it , and the people inhabiting it are fundamentally different and unique . 
  it 's not like romania has n't had a far-right dictator who sided with the nazis or anything . 
  do n't act like you know what the actual historical meaning of american exceptionalism is . 
  not even most americans do . 
  lol, 
  i do n't think you understand how health care works in the united states . 
  that is nowhere near how much a broken leg would cost . 
  awesome . 
  i will remember this for if i 'm ever in romania . 
  norwegian ambassador `` scandal '' ? 
  no one gave a flying fuck about it over here . 
  not to say that 's a good thing but no way in hell was it a scandal . 
  the less hot one next to her was the most delusional one . 
  of course he 's joking . 
  inferiority complex , / r/europe has . 
  wow !, 
  this is news to me !, 
  noting a fact is not a cheap shot . 
  yeah because youtube comments = the opinion of the general american populace . 
  wow burn !, 
  just wiretap us back ... if you can . 
  there 's no need to apologize for that . 
  no it 's not . 
  are you that ignorant of facts ? 
  the people voted for it . 
  with 100 % turnout though then , the fringe parties would get less seats than are currently set to get . 
  burning the american flag is the way to properly get rid of it also . 
  burning the american flag is the only way to properly dispose of it . 
  it 's actually the law . 
  your analogy is terrible . 
  on top of being cliche and hypocritical to your argument , texas in the 1950s gave its electoral votes to the winner of the presidential election throughout the decade . 
  in 1948 and 1960 too . 
  i would like to hear more as you keep up with information about us and allied troops in your country . 
  everybody spies on everybody . 
  everybody knows that . 
  yeah it 'd be pleasant to live in an energy-rich country of a homogenous population of under 1 million . 
  i doubt that . 
  compared to the era of the cold war , things you mentioned are at very low points . 
  well , there may be a few combat troops remaining and such . 
  i was just trying to highlight that america is not involved in traditional and constant operational warfare anymore as what is normally envisioned when people talk as you have . 
  well america is n't really involved in any wars anymore . 
  fair . 
  we call them legislatures or the federal congress , not parliaments . 
  most countries have a history of protectionism . 
  which is a big deal considering how drastic it is . 
  czechmate , atheists . 
  depends on your perspective . 
  really ? 
  lol, 
  well yeah it 's illegal , but international law is n't always enforceable . 
  treaties do n't mean shit when things hit the fan . 
  if something like that were to occur , france would be right with the united states i 'm sure . 
  illegality is a term that can be thrown out in a heartbeat when it comes to geopolitics and foreign affairs . 
  and the second largest air force in the world is the united states navy . 
  so many of those chinese students you see in american universities are children of communist party members . 
  it 's amusing . 
  yeah ... spetznaz with very conspicuous pink and green shirts, 
  he surely is aware that there are gays in sochi , but just says there is n't . 
  that 's not ignorance -- just lying or deception . 
  it 's optional, 
  they do n't really teach patriotism . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting your information . 
  that 's one thing i love about my country ( especially and emphatically certain regions ) . 
  it 's really easy to spark up random conversations and * everybody * ( regardless of region ) will help out someone who looks confused or lost . 
  not to mention that a smile is so common in almost every instance . 
  i just booked a flight to romania . 
  well then, 
  well yeah , but you 're not going to see a tank alone driving on any road . 
  how have you ever been personally affected by `` the government ignoring [ your ] rights ? '', 
  and yet people still are against self-determination for some reason . 
  i 've never been to france , or within a lance , but when i do , i hope to see you . 
  because i 'll see , hopefully , what a wonderful people , you can be . 
  rhyme-time / smug . 
  first of all , they do n't `` hack '' into those services . 
  those companies willfully have given the data to the authorities after you have signed an agreement ( which i 'm sure you did n't read ) with an american company . 
  you wo n't get arrested . 
  i doubt the us has your data . 
  i think you missed my point about the pedophile thing , also . 
  why the hell would you get arrested ?
