what has been your absolute worst experience with foreigners in your country ? 
  the canadian guy who sent pictures of his erect penis to women at work  what can be done to avoid these things happening in the future ? 
  you tell me , if we try to ban all canadians , justin bieber will never be able to tour here . 
  oh , there 's not really a downside , then , is there, 
  this sub gets more questions from americans about american politics than it does about european politics . 
  and when there * is * a question about european politics 9 times out of 10 it 's `` how many members of your family did a politician allow a muslim to rape and murder ? '', 
  what an odd question - the average would be all mod cons - broadband , wifi , iphones , central heating , cars etc. 
  living with ` running hot water ' has n't been special for about 80 years . 
  i 'd expect them to know the names of the major cities and what countries they are in . 
  but there 's no particular reason they have to know more than that . 
  in terms of general ignorance and what 's annoying on reddit , it is n't people that do n't know about europe , it 's people who think they know * more * than people who live in a place because they watched 5 minutes of youtube video . 
  european armies , or air forces , are n't going to have any interest in american rejects . 
  why ca n't you join the american armed forces ? 
   and what does it take for a foreigner to get in ? 
  not being a foreigner  british citizens , british subjects under the nationality act , 1981 , british protected persons or commonwealth citizens . 
  if you are a citizen of a commonwealth country , you 'll need to have lived in the uk for at least 5 years before you start an application to join the army . 
   you must not have been out of the uk for a continuous period of more than 180 days ( 6 months ) during this 5 year period . 
  a passport is required with validity for 2 years from the date of entering army service . 
  your uk residency status and passport will be checked at application . 
  so , not really on . 
   by the way , do you offer college benefits ( tuition paid by a gi bill , etc ? ), 
  there are some schemes , but you would n't qualify , as you 're not a british citizen . 
  i do n't know how the usa does it , so i do n't know if it 's different . 
  blood donation in the uk is entirely voluntary , and there 's no payment . 
  organ donation is also entirely voluntary . 
  you can fill in a card or a form when you register with a doctor stating if you want your organs donated , but your next of kin will have the last say as to whether it happens after your death . 
  the organs are then used according to suitability and immediate need . 
  you can be refused a donated organ if you have n't made lifestyle changes that would prolong the use of that organ , e.g given up smoking and drinking . 
  more on who qualifies for a [ liver transplant ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/liver-transplant/pages/who-can-use-it.aspx ) or a [ kidney transplant ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/kidney-transplant/pages/when-it-should-be-done.aspx ) obviously , the nhs covers the cost of all surgery , drugs and treatment . 
  house built around 1910 . 
  oldest building i 've been in today - probably about 1850s . 
  i live in london , so there are old buildings around , but not ones that i go into on a daily basis . 
  structurally , we 're a religious society . 
  we have a state religion , and bishops sitting in the second chamber . 
  we have schools run by most of the major religions . 
  people get hot under the collar about muslim schools , but there are 4,500 c of e primary schools and over 2,000 catholic schools . 
  but i do n't know anybody who goes to church every week . 
  or more than a couple of times a year , and most people i know never go to a church at all except for weddings and funerals . 
  and increasingly , those are secular ceremonies too , so no church involved . 
  if i had to describe the prevailing religious sentiment in the uk , i 'd say ` agnostic ' . 
  expressing a strong opinion one way or another is seen as a bit odd . 
  i ca n't agree with that , i 've lived in zone 4 most of my life , worked in zone 1 most of my working life . 
  never felt the impetus to drive to work . 
  other people have adressed the actual cost , so one thing i 'll add . 
  the idea that people do n't drive and have cars in europe is a reddit oddity ( see also , nobody tips , nobody in the uk has a tumble dryer - both wrong and silly ) . 
  in the uk the vast majority of adults ( the age limit is 17 ) learn to drive . 
  i could n't find an actual % figure , all i could find online was was a dvla letter under the freedom of information act that says there are `` 45.5 million active driving records in gb '' ( the gb population is 63.3 milllion - do n't know if that 's adult , i.e. 
  over 18 ?? ), 
  i know that there 's a lot of traffic out there . 
  i live in london , where obviously nobody drives because of the constant traffic jams and all the parking spaces being full-up . 
  also , while we do have a good public transport system , it 's not all encompassing . 
  i 'm got a couple of weeks off before starting a new job , so i 've been looking at the national trust and english heritage sites for nice days out , but as i 'm one of those weirdos who does n't have a driving licence , most of the sites are really difficult for me to get to - lots of them are 6 or 7 miles or more away from a train station , and then maybe have a bus service that gets you a couple of miles away , running 4 times a day . 
  ( also , train tickets are pricey ) tl : dr - most adults in the uk do have a driving licence and public transport ca n't get you everywhere . 
   ( public meaning state-owned and - operated . 
  i believe the brits use the words differently . ), 
  only for schools , and that 's for a specific historical reason . 
  the ` rehabilitattion thing is an internal matter , i 'm not giving you my opinion of what i do n't like about the usa . 
  ` no death penalty ' is an unalterable requirement of joining the eu  the european union holds a strong and principled position against the death penalty ; its abolition is a key objective for the union 's human rights policy . 
  abolition is , of course , also a pre-condition for entry into the union . 
  bollocks . 
  the newspaper that said that was the sun , a paper so bad that the entire city of liverpool boycotted it for it 's lies . 
  the independent press standards organisation described the report as significantly misleading http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36319085 the palace denied it http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35760912 and nick clegg , who the sun claimed the queen had spoken to about her opinions , also completely denied it https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/mar/09/eurosceptic-rant-by-the-queen-never-happened-says-nick-clegg, 
  no death penalty . 
  ugh - gross . 
  pate is really high in saturated fat , it 's a really unhealthy thing to force anyone to eat . 
  what a bizarre question , did you think anyone was going to answer `` no we 're fine with terrorists and child molesters here , but we really do n't like people who do n't keep to building regulations '', 
  there 's been a variety of acts on racial , gender , religious etc discrimination , mostly since the 1970s , the main ones being the equal pay act 1970 , the sex discrimination act 1975 , the race relations act 1976 . 
  in 2006 and updated in 2010 all discrimination laws were simplified into the equality act https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equality_act_2010 what it covers : -  it is against the law to discriminate against anyone because of :  age  being or becoming a transsexual person  being married or in a civil partnership  being pregnant or on maternity leave  disability  race including colour , nationality , ethnic or national origin  religion , belief or lack of religion/belief  sex  sexual orientation  these are called ` protected characteristics ' . 
   you 're protected from discrimination :  at work  in education  as a consumer  when using public services  when buying or renting property  as a member or guest of a private club or association https://www.gov.uk/discrimination-your-rights/types-of-discrimination http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/15/contents, 
  the ` prejudice ' against poles in britain has been exaggerated by recent events , and the worst thing about brexit is that it 's set loose an ignorant undercurrent . 
  but i really do not think most people have * any * prejudice against poles . 
  because the image of poles in the mass media etc generally has been extremely good - the jokes have always been about what good workers they are - turn up on time , do a great job , are friendly and good humoured . 
  and in my experience , it 's true , in the construction / workman field they are known as being preferable to employing british workers for the same job . 
  which , of course , is the problem , also , because they probably * are * putting british workers out of jobs . 
  london transport and the nhs in particualr advertised in west indian newspapers for staff . 
  this is a very interesting account of that from london transport on the background of recruiting from barbados https://www.ltmuseum.co.uk/assets/downloads/generations.pdf the ultimate irony is that enoch powell , as minister of health , was responsible for a policy of recruiting nurses for the nhs from the west indies ( that 's the politician beloved of racists for his ` rivers of blood ' speech ) http://www.bbc.co.uk/caribbean/news/story/2008/06/080620_windrush2.shtml https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arrival_of_black_immigrants_in_london#post-war_period, 
  there 's a significant british caribbean community in the uk , it was a policy in the immediate post-war period to encourage young people in jamaica in paritcular , to come and work here to fill in labour shortages particularly in the public sector ( especially the nhs and public transport ) . 
  so , perception of the caribbean is fairly high , and it 's had an influence on music and food - and , of course the notting hill carnival https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/notting_hill_carnival, 
  so , you 'd threaten to nuke denmark if the eu insisted you allow free movement to bulgarians in exchange for free movement of americans ? 
  i do n't think you understand diplomacy . 
  that happens to some extent anyway , people with high sought-after skills have greater mobility in general . 
  i still think they 've got more to lose than us . 
  it 's your hypothetical , congress is n't planning an arrangement with denmark either . 
  the fact is , you can see the problem with letting in 4 million people eager for jobs and coming from an economy where they 'd be very happy earning $ 9,000 a year, 
  but not a right for romanians and bulgarians ? 
  edited . 
  you 're bigger than us . 
  no problem on this side . 
  europeans - all europeans - get the right to live and work in the us ? 
  hell , yes . 
  i ca n't see there 's much to lose from the european side . 
  except maybe some eastern european countries in particular , emptying . 
  even just for the uk , we get the right to live and work in the us ? 
  sure , i certainly do n't predict a flood of americans coming here bigger than the number going the other way , so what 's to lose ? 
  pork pies, 
  most countries have an entreneurship visa / citizenship scheme for people investing significant amounts of money . 
  alternatively , look at shortage lists of professions that are actually wnated in those countries , and train and excel in one of those . 
  otherwise , western europe really does n't need unemployable americans with fantasies about refinement . 
  headlines about the nhs ` failing ' have been published for about 60 years . 
  it is n't .
