thank you !, 
  this is one of the coolest things i have seen in a long while . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
   you know , they could be french-speaking and dutch-speaking belgi ... wait , now i see what you did there . 
  is that legit ? 
  the tories are good, 
  it 's a nice flag to look at , and i find catalan independence an interesting movement . 
  i do n't necessarily support it though !, 
  1 ) fuck you , catalonia is not spain . 
  2 ) i do n't actually mind because i am british haha, 
  i think summer is so much more beautiful, 
  good news !, 
  i agree with you ... 
  i knew that ... 
  i mean why is it so unique ? 
  what is basque ??!, 
  nhs, 
  thanks . 
  does the uk figures include govt corporation employees ? 
  thank you . 
  but does this not cover only the european commission ? 
  surely the council/parliament have large bureaucracies too ? 
  thank you . 
  i think we 're on the right track in the uk . 
  very interesting , especially how many there are in the uk !, 
  can i get a source on that please ? 
  could be useful for future debates . . 
  is this catalan anti spain discourse or a joke i am missing haha, 
  this is amazing, 
  awesome, 
  so proud, 
  not the pm anymore !, 
  hope this is true . 
  source ? 
  oh god !, 
  ( just kidding ), 
  out of interest , how would you propose ` destroying ' the culture ? 
  education ? 
  please provide context to the second one ? 
  is that roma beating roma or skinheads beating roma ? 
  why ? 
  would destroying the culture require destroying the people ? 
  i agree with your first statement but fear the second . 
  p.s austria is cool, 
  croatia has an awesome national anthem !, 
  de facto , there are two countries . 
  and they have a proper border and passport control between them . 
  and there is a hilarious troll trnc flag on the kyrenian mountains with a flashing ne mutlu t\u00fcrk\u00fcm diyene that can be seen from the south at night . 
  i 've seen it . 
  this is what i meant !, 
  half actually . 
  born and bred in britain though !, 
  very pleased to see a cut in the common agricultural policy . 
  hooooold on ... how did britain and europe lose ww2 ? 
  ca n't see what you 're trying to show . ? 
  lol it sounds like you 're poor and live in a poor area . 
  get a better job = simple solution . 
  i like dc !, 
  well said , sir !, 
  i think our government is doing a good job keeping the eu at bay . 
  not totally . 
  the uk is doing far better economically than france at the moment . 
  so hypocritical considering the common agricultural policy exists ... 
  as the grandson of a french catalan , i 'd love to hear this . 
  montenegro is a beautiful country too . 
  really tasty . 
  i only tried one of the 6 varieties so will order myself a case for my birthday to try the others, 
  enjoy !, 
  i see my local village one !!, 
  and i 've been to the valhalla brewery on the north-most island of the uk !, 
  any interest in pics ? 
  not for me thanks, 
  yes i will !, 
  sorry it took a while !, 
  http://imgur.com/a/mx3qj mb stands for `` my backyard '' - it took me a while to work this out using google earth to try and get the same angle as the pics , and a lot of local knowledge ! . 
  heathrow airport is visible within the m25 as those two black lines which are the runways . 
  i have many actual photos of the uk ( and some of nw europe ) at night from the space station . 
  i found my little village on it !, 
  would anyone be interested in a link ? 
  catalonian brother !, 
  i love the danes , do n't worry . 
  particularly arne jacobsen and fin juhl !, 
  p.s copenhagen is class too, 
  care to justify your anti-turkish stance ? 
  thanks . 
  if i am honest i 'm not particularly partisan to either side ( i know it seems like i support the trnc a lot ) , however it amazes me how few people even realise the division . 
  i go to the north quite a bit and i see the negative effects of their isolation and merely want to increase awareness of it . 
  i hope you understand - i try and be as conciliatory as i can . 
  just saying : the turkish republic of northern cyprus is not in a financial mess and yet is continues to be shunned by the world . 
  in 2004 over 65 % of turkish cypriots voted to unite the islands but 75 % of greeks rejected this plan , thus only the greek half entered the eu - and look how they 're doing . 
  oh when is this ? 
  i envy that the sun wont set for another few months for them !, 
  completely by mistake, 
  oh , your bridges which connect you to sweden are also awesome , 
  no , this simply is not true . 
  65 % of turkish cypriots accepted the 2004 annan plan for a single , federated cypriot state , however 75 % of greek cypriots rejected it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annan_plan_for_cyprus regardless the greek side was allowed in the eu !, 
  i do n't mind the british system too much but i am starting university in october and that will cost me # 9000 just for fees !, 
  ( though i will get my accommodation covered ) . 
  it 's strange , i do like free markets/low taxes etc but i can never work out why i 'd rather that over the nordic model !!,
