  basicly its a week where a whole lot of dutch students go to val thorens to party and maybe ski a little bit . 
  ischgl does n't really attract a young crowd due to the high prices . 
  eu elections , brazilian and taiwanese elections . 
  brexit wo n't happen . 
  i see a pattern here . 
  saying thats not what it means while not giving an explenation/example of what it really is . 
  that 's cool and all . 
  start networking . 
  i am not in the industry but from what i have heard you really need to kow people if you want in . 
  also ask yourself what would make you more attractive as an employee compared to europeans . 
  the european film/tv scene is not that big ( except maybe france ) so you have to be exceptional if you want to make a decent living and cover moving expenses . 
  sadly a lot of people want to work in that industry so you are competing with a lot of people . 
  i disagree since a lot of `` progressives '' have helped to create this romanticized view of sweden/europe . 
  multiple times you hear them say look at sweden/europe and how great it is . 
  we should use the same policy here . 
  so when eventuall bad news comes around the lashback is harder from groups who disagree with hose policies since they can easily point and say . 
  see it 's not the utopia you said it was . 
  good tip . 
  i need to do that more often . 
  agree to disagree . 
  time will tell who made the correct observation . 
  look up the meaning of fascism before you start talking about `` actual fascists '' . 
  i am not mocking your situation and am well aware of the possibilities his administration might bring to you and me ( disbanding nato is a huge concern of me ) . 
  what i am mocking is that your response to `` people like being dramatic '' is `` we 're dealing with a ( trump ) full blown actual fascist in this case . '', 
  what are those consequences ? 
  and can you provide studies not assumtions to back those claims up ? 
   people like being dramatic . 
  followed by  actual fascist confirmed . 
  good luck !, 
  i am sure you will have a good time since berlin and amsterdam are both nice places to be . 
  do n't worry dutch women can definitly be serious about relationships and commitment ( this ofcourse increases the more they reach 30 ) . 
  altough you have to keep in mind that divorce rates are increasing globally ( 40 % of dutch marriages end in a divorce ) . 
  what i mean with independent is that they will continue on with their own lives ( work , hobbies , friends etc ) outside of the relationship . 
  these things will run parralel . 
  where both you and girlfriend will still go to your own hobbies and friend circles well into a serious ( permanent ) relationship . 
  some mixing of the two will happen but expect the two to be more separate compared to other cultures . 
  the time to settle is also longer in the netherlands compared to other countries . 
  especially with highly educated and succesfull women ( the kind you will be meeting since you get job offers in amsterdam , berlin and money is a secondary concern for you ) . 
  these are self made women who have their own careers and livelyhoods and for them to either let you live with them or to move in with you is a big step that is not taken lightly . 
  normaly i hate these kind of `` top 10 '' sites but [ this ] ( http://www.expatica.com/nl/insider-views/top-10-tips-for-dating-the-dutch_101955.html ) page gives some accurate information . 
  just know that it 's also aiming to sell you something . 
  i have lived in amsterdam and visited berlin two times so my response is from those experiences . 
  - indeed amsterdam is way more expensive with rent and general cost of living . 
  - amsterdam is in my opinion more international than berlin and almost all dutch know decent english ( especially in amsterdam ) . 
  - i think it 's true that the dutch are more friendly however do n't expect that this means making dutch friends is easier than in germany . 
  both countries are known for having close knit social circles and getting into those is difficult by international standards . 
  however dutch and german friendships tend to be more valuable once you finally have them . 
  the most important factor in this will be the amount of time your staying in either place . 
  germans and dutch make friendships with the idea that they will last for life . 
  so if you will only stay a couple of years most will see making a friendship a waste of time . 
  it 's easier to make friends with other internationals/expats . 
  * parties and nightlife * amsterdam is more mainstream while berlin has a lot of well developed alternative scenes . 
  so it depends on who you are and what you like . 
  both cities have variety but berlin easily beats amsterdam in this . 
  * friendly peoples esp locals * depends where you live in both cities . 
  * easy english speakers * amsterdam without a doubt . 
  * hopefully make some local good friends to hangout with * as i said before this will be difficult no mather which place you pick . 
  just look up some expat forums and see if you can find which group is more in line with your personality . 
  * dating * dutch grils have a bad reputation internationally for being difficult since they are quite independant ( do n't expect them to be typical housewives ) . 
  this can be good or bad depending on what kind of a person you are and what you expect out an relationship ( i would say it 's a good thing ) . 
  one definite advantage however is that amsterdam has a lot of single young woman looking for highly educated men . 
  berlin/germany i do n't really know . 
  my advice would be to go to amsterdam . 
  you are already in germany and it 's not really working out for you . 
  so better go with the `` new '' option . 
  from my experience r/askeurope is way more left than the typical european and even travelling europeans . 
  informed i agree with . 
  fairness and thoughtfullness are in the middle . 
  open minded is something i disagree with seing as right opinions get downvoted a lot . 
  so in that respect r/askeurope behaves in a close mineded fashion . 
  also the view of non-travelling americans being close minded has been blown out of proportions into it 's own stereotype . 
  i have travelled and lived in the us and have to say that americans are bit unkowning about what happens outside of the us . 
  but on all other fronts they compare to the typical european . 
  as far as travellers go there are two broad categories . 
  there are the `` talkers '' and the `` walkers '' . 
  those that talk a great deal about how they relate with the local people , have learned so much , now understand how it is to live in x country etc. 
  but when you go on a simple hike they collapse . 
  or when you drive through a less developed part of a country they start to panic . 
  the other group is more focussed on doing things and tends to talk about their travells when it 's relevant or is a good story when your having a drink . 
  both groups apply to the american and european travellers in equall measure . 
  the worst event is the reaction towards trumps victory . 
  the guy hasnt even been in office and already his election is seen as the `` worst event '' . 
  yes really trump being ** elected ** and having made zero policy decisions is worse than for example 700 people drowning on a single day . 
  - reform in the eu so that its main foucs is the public interest again ( and less corruption would also be nice ) . 
  - stop the money wasting over the brussels , strasbourg trips . 
  just pick a spot already . 
  - uk to finally leave , they where always hindering the eu from the inside . 
  - population decline ( best way to help the environment is having less people around ) - europe legalises weed so the netherlands/portugal no longer recieve pressure from other countries regarding policies . 
  - resurgence of the middle class . 
  than i was indeed misinformed . 
  well it took untill the 5th of january before anything got reported on the event . 
  and only after massive social media outrcy did it get into the news . 
  cover-up was the wrong word of choice . 
  i did not provide the link due to the subject matter . 
  i am not using the map to get statistics . 
  it 's just that after the cover-up during new years i have become more sceptical and was wondering if there where other such cases . 
  but now i know it 's unreliable and so i wo n't use it . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1_rnt3k2zxb-f9z-2nsfmibqkxcs&amp;hl=en_us&amp;ll=51.361194439314694%2c6.969721633496192&amp;z=5 ) is the link . 
  i am a bit hesitant with providing a link given the subject matter . 
  you are changing my sentences you have lost me .
