  in any case i know that if my and your freedom of speech are under threat i wo n't have to count on you to defend these basic human rights . 
  i have travelled a lot and i have seen other nations . 
  and the netherlands is one of the best places to live in . 
  the high standard of living , social security and freedom of expression is something i think we can be proud of . 
  the fact that you call the netherlands dull and average hints to a lack of understanding of how good we have it compared to most of the world . 
  we can always improve but there is no denying that living in the netherlands grants you some of the best rights and liberties currently available around the globe . 
  why i hope people become more patriotic is that they recognize that we live in a society with rights and freedoms that are not `` average '' since +95 % of the world does not have them . 
  during ww2 people fought and died to maintain our rights and liberties . 
  i just hope that in the current year people will be willing to do the same . 
  i am well aware of what happened during ww1 and ww2 when nationalism was running high . 
  i wo n't blindly support the netherlands and thats not what i am advocating . 
  istanbul should be constantinople and given to the greeks ^ ^ ^ ^ s, 
  how is `` a bit more '' extreme right ? 
  did you not read the rest of my reply ? 
  i just believe that democracy and freedom of speech are core value 's that we should defend when we are faced with external threats . 
  and right now a lot of people say they value those core principles but are unwilling to defend those values . 
  meaning that when push comes to shove most people will either run away or accept a new regime that is more authoritarian and limits/abolishes the freedom of speech . 
  this in my mind is a worrisome development . 
  because if your not willing to defend those values than they become meaningless . 
  if defending democracy and freedom of speech makes me extreme right than i am extreme right . 
  [ erasmus school of economics - erasmus university rotterdam ] ( https://www.eur.nl/english/education/master/ ) is the one i would recommend . 
  the program is in english and almost all dutch people speak at least decent english so you wo n't have to deal with learning dutch . 
  the university itself is quite cheap for americans and is high on the global rankings ^ [ 1 ] ( https://www.timeshighereducation.com/world-university-rankings/2017/world-ranking#!/page/0/length/25/sort_by/rank/sort_order/asc/cols/stats ) ^ [ 2 ] ( http://www.topuniversities.com/universities/erasmus-university-rotterdam ) . 
  there are a few economic european unversities higher ranked than erasmus but they come with high price tags . 
  i geuss the positives of dutch culture are known but i will mention some relevant negatives below . 
  friend groups are hard to get into . 
  dutch friendship bonds are generally really strong and so there is a high bar to entry for new people . 
  if your only going to study in the netherlands most dutch people wo n't bother making lasting relationships ( since you will be gone in 4 years ) . 
  you will be doing an english program ( where 20 % are international students ) so this will be less of an issue but it 's still a factor . 
  this part might not apply to you but it 's something we see on tv from america . 
  do n't flaunt your gayness so to say . 
  it 's fine to let people know your gay but most dutch people simply do n't care . 
  sentences such as `` as a gay person ... '' `` being gay ... '' will generally be met with indifference and seen as a form of attention seeking . 
  only bring it up when it is relevant is my advice . 
  being gay does not define who you are in the netherlands . 
  my final advice is to look at [ iamexpat ] ( http://www.iamexpat.nl/expat-page/groups-clubs/expat-related ) or similar sites , and make contact with expat groups . 
  this is also a good idea if your looking at other countries as options . 
  which means they where not patriotic . 
  the nsb changed over the years from a classical fascist party ( dutch jews where members ) to a true national socialist party ( jews where forbidden ) . 
  by the time of the invasion the nsb had changed from a pro-dutch people standpoint to a pro-germanic people standpoint . 
  even before the invasion the nsb got labelled by others as `` traitors/landverraders '' because of their pro-german ties . 
  i would wish we where a bit more patriotic . 
  i have spoken with a lot of people and they would rather flee the country when we are invaded rather than heed the call to arms . 
  these same people put a high value on democracy and freedom of speech but are not prepared to defend it if an invasion of the netherlands becomes a reality . 
  but singing the national anthem is also in my mind creepy and a step to far . 
  this scenario came up a lot when i was talking to foreign students . 
  you can imagine the awkward conversations that followed ( and i would say dutch people are the worst host in these situations ) . 
  luckily it seems to be slowly fading away but for now it 's still the norm . 
  great place to be and great people . 
  but the recent laws surrounding speech has me worried , especially since peterson seems to be fighting an uphill battle . 
  i have lived in north/south holland , flevoland and brabant . 
  i have seen it happen in all those provinces . 
  it 's also something that international students mention when you ask them about dutch people . 
  i dislike that it 's common to send people away when we are about to eat dinner . 
  i thought you guys saw yourself as scandinavian ? 
  i do n't know how to respond to this . 
  i actually want them to go . 
  they are always difficult * during negotiations * and are front runners * when it comes to having exceptions * to eu rules * . 
  what is the timeframe that you will be in europe ? 
  and is it an specific country or will you just be travelling between different universities ? 
  i do n't really meet foreign exchange students just foreigners who take the same study for 4 years . 
  and with those i do the same stuff as with all the other students ( study , party the occasional city trip ) . 
  basicly if you are here for a month your not worth my time because i would be your vacation guide . 
  but if you stay for multiple years than it becomes worthwhile to invest in a friendship etc. 
  [ ischgl/samnaun ] ( http://www.snow-forecast.com/pistemaps/ischgl_pistemap_full.jpg ) in austria/zwitserland . 
  as you see it 's on the border and lets you cross nations . 
  this area has a lot of pistes and in good condition . 
  it 's quite an expensive area and suitable for most people altough experienced skiers will enjoy this area the most . 
  if you have money for one area take the pass for ischgl since its the superior of the two . 
  the other area i can recommend is [ la plagne ] ( http://www.snow-forecast.com/pistemaps/la-plagne_pistemap_full.jpg ) in france . 
  altough it 's been some years since i have been there . 
  portugal, 
  if it 's cheaper and passes eu regulation we will buy it . 
  most consumers do n't look at the country of origin . 
  nope as soon as i remember a presidents name ( s ) he gets replaced and i am back to square one . 
  hollande , merkel , putin , szipras ( erdogan if he counts ) and thats about it . 
  what do you find depressing ? 
  that atheist are such a small group ? 
  most people i know in the range of 17-30 are atheist or agnostic . 
  the only ones that are really visible are muslim women since they wear their headscarfs . 
  religion is largely a private matter in the netherlands altough the muslim faith is now more openly discussed due to world events . 
  also animal activist groups where promoting a ban of ritual slaughter in order to prevent animal cruelty . 
  agnostic is probably the best description of my personal beliefs . 
  if they where protesting the way in which the referedum was taken etc than i would have no problem with it . 
  and i agree that the demonstaters had good points about how this referendum came to be and how it was conducted . 
  but they where mainly protesting for a re-vote which in my mind is undemcratic . 
  and if we would nullify any voting process for politicians who lied or did not keep their promises than we would be left with 0 decisions . 
  in the end i agree with protesting against the process at which the decision was taken . 
  but not with changing the decision after everybody has voted for it . 
  it may suck for the brits that they voted for brexit and that this will have repercussions in the future . 
  but those are not valid reasons to forgo a democratic decision . 
  the people spoke and the people will bear/benefit the outcome of their democratic decision . 
  good or bad . 
  that is how a democracy works . 
  making a case for staying in the eu is different than going into the streets demanding a re-vote . 
  in a democracy you vote and you accept the results of that vote . 
  if you do n't accept the outcome of that vote your either saying your democracy does not work or that your voice is more important than somebody else 's ( which is inherently undemocratic ) . 
  in my mind before the vote/elections was your opertunity to influence others of your side of the argument . 
  see voting-day/election day as the deadline where you can make your arguments . 
  ofcourse you can make a case for the next round of voting and try to persuade people to vote your way the next time voting comes along .
