  but protesting the democratic decision that was taken by the mayority of the people is in my mind petty and inherently undemocratic . 
  the gina miller example is one of upholding the law via legal means . 
  she did not overrule the decision for brexit she merely made sure it goes trough the proper channels as laid out by your constitution . 
  that is different than protesting against the democratic decision to have a brexit . 
  thats why i said demonstrating the outcome is stupid . 
  but demonstrating the system ( electoral college ) is something i can respect . 
  but so far i see protests and riots mainly because trump won and not because their system needs change . 
  also after all the shit with the dnc you would think that they would focus on that . 
  thats why i said that demonstrating the system is something i can respect . 
  but demonstrating the outcome is just plain stupid . 
  and i still think the us is a democracy , it 's just not as democratic as i would like it to be . 
  but that is something americans have to decide for themselves . 
  the same feeling i had with the people who protested against brexit . 
  bunch of idiots who do n't know/accept that democracy means that sometimes things do n't go your way . 
  the most interesting part is that most of these demonstrations are done by people who claim to be intelligent , tolerant and free thinking . 
  but by protesting the democratic outcome they are advocting for a form of authoritarian rule . 
  if they where protesting the system instead of the outcome than i would respect them . 
  it definitly works . 
  however the netherlands feels that the security risks are too great ( as explained per this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ) ) . 
  we even abandoned electronic voting machines . 
  everything is pen and paper now . 
  eisenhower , kennedy , martin luther king , ron burgendy . 
  technological achievements . 
  some of the largest national parks and in a good condition . 
  nasa . 
  sharp, 
  we wil never vote online since it wo n't meet our security standards . 
  couple of times . 
  ussually its to discuss some things like the pricing of a restaurant without the staff knowing that your critical . 
  however one time my friends and i where at the beach in france near bordeax . 
  we were rating the girls that where swimming near us in dutch since we tought they were all french but eventually some turned out be dutch which caused for some confrontation especially with two of them who had a boyfriend nearby . 
  looking at the [ statistics ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/russian_economy_since_fall_of_soviet_union.png ) it 's continuing after the recession . 
  gpd does not tell the whole story . 
  but [ suicide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suicide_in_russia ) rates have gone down and contineu to go down . 
  also [ average household income ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/wages ) continues to climb . 
  russia is it 's own kind of country . 
  just like the us is . 
  from afar we can shout more democracy less corruption etc but we are not russians or americans . 
  russia right now is having a second renaissance under putin where a lot of russians see their quality of life improving . 
  russia itself is becomming a stronger player economicly and politicly . 
  especially since europe is becomming more dependant on raw resource imports from russia . 
  since the fall of the soviet union nato has increasingly surrounded russia with bases and allies hostile to russia . 
  now russia is in a position where it can push back and reclaim some of its sphere of influence like crimea ( something which russia historically puts a lot of value on ) . 
  the us is losing the hegemony it previously had and just like the uk it can not accept the comming reality . 
  thats why we see increasing desperate rhetoric for war with russia in order to move the focus away from it 's own problems . 
  in the end china is the sleeping giant in much the same way the us was before ww1 . 
  waiting for the old eagle to tire itself . 
  just like the us did with the uk . 
  100 years ago . 
  edit : instead of downvoting please provide some arguments as to why you think i am wrong . 
  amsterdam , it 's what my friends tell me so i do n't know if there is data or whatever to back this up . 
  in the netherlands it 's not viewed that way . 
  with operation market garden and the dutch colonies of indonesia we generally see the americans as great contributers for winning world war 2 . 
  also the canadians have a special place within the netherlands for their contributions . 
  ( even the poles in the south of the netherlands ) . 
  in general its seen as a war that was won by a group of nations . 
  i have had good and bad experiences with middle eastern refugees . 
  i have had an instance where a refugee would would return a wallet i had lost and when i worked with them in a large logistics magazine they where friendly and thankfull to be in the netherlands . 
  on the other hand i have seen violence against gay people and my gay friends report that since there are more and more middle eastern refugees these instances of violence increase more and more . 
  also they take up places in social housing in a market where there already is a shortage for dutch people . 
  i think the main problem with rise in hate against middle eastern refugees is that negative reports get censored out of the media like in germany and uk . 
  and that middle eastern refugees are held to a different standard than the rest of the population . 
  if a middle eastern refugee attacks a gay person or sexually assaults a woman a lot of politicians and police are afraid to tackle the problem head on in fear of being called racist or intolerant . 
  in the netherlands we had refugee centers where there was violence towards gay refugees . 
  rather than punish the perpetrators they simply moved all the gay refugees to a different location . 
  basicly seggrerating the population rather than making sure they understand that they need to adjust to our values . 
  [ electronic voting machines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ), 
  it can ignore the referanda by not adressing the concerns that followed from these referenda . 
  the lisbon treaty only changed it 's wording and structure . 
  nothing of substance changed from the european constitution . 
  where the eu constitution was open to the public the lisbon treaty was a backdoor deal away from the public eye . 
  whether or not the eu can sanction referenda is besides the point . 
  in the end a lot of european citizens felt cheated since first they could vote on it and than they could n't . 
  that the blame for this is on nation states or the eu is debatable . 
  however in the end this is a problem for the eu . 
  eventough the source of the problem might be on national goverments its the eu that gets all the bad pr . 
  second you can be as transparent as you wa n't with registrees and giving all the sources . 
  but your average citizen wo n't be able to read through these documents . 
  i had to read through the source provided multiple times to fully comprehend what it means and look up the annexes etc. 
  here i found something interesting ( under annex4 ) . 
  if a registrant does not comply with the code of conduct than this has to be reported with evidence within 1 year of it 's operation . 
  so if after more than 1 year we find out something is amiss in the registry ( reveneu/received pay/main contributers etc ) than this will recieve no investigation/repercussions . 
  furthermore under section 4.5 of annex 4 the secretariat ( who conducts the investigation ) / registrant ( potential offender ) can decide to keep the information that is found in this investigation confidential under article 4 of regulation 1049/2001 . 
  this [ article 4 ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/register/pdf/r1049_en.pdf ) is so incredibly broad that it 's hard to find something that might not be confidential . 
  in the event that a registrant does get kicked out of the registry it is barred from re-enty for 15 days minimum up to 2 years maximum . 
  meaning that if the secretariat so whishes it can kick an organisation out for half a month after which it 's free to re-apply and continue business as usual . 
  so in my opinion this proposal of the commision has no substance to it and therefore does not rebut my point . 
  ok i stand corrected on that point . 
  since the lisbon treaty the eu has an democratic defecit . 
  since it ignored the referenda and passed the eu consitution anyway just in new clothes . 
  but the biggest problems thats facing the eu today are the numerous lobby groups in brussels . 
  the lack of transerancy . 
  and the ignoring of the crticism thats leveled by the eu citizens ( which fuels the rightwing rise ) . 
  on paper the eu is democratic in my opinion . 
  in reality it works out different im afraid . 
  i am pro eu since i think its crucial for peace and stability in europe but if it does not reform soon it will run into problems from which it can not recover . 
  i do not know i am not swedish . 
  i geuss [ vice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1mymvfyhi0 ) blew it out of proportion than . 
  in the last 2 years more articles are showing up how sweden is changing away from their model ( such as this [ one ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/r-swedish-green-party-faces-parliament-exit-in-next-election-poll-2016-8?international=true&amp;r=us&amp;ir=t ) ) . 
  it seems sweden simply ca n't maintain its policies due to social and economic pressures .
