  but the fact that the eu just repackaged a deal also speaks volumes . 
  both parties are in the wrong here . 
  the eu is not entirely to blame and the politicians do use the eu as a scapegoat from time to time . 
  but this does not change the reality . 
  lisbon treaty ? 
  and they can have pressure but organising pressure cross europe is quite difficult because of the lack of an demos . 
  on paper its relativly democratic . 
  however in the end the eu does what the eu does . 
  its incredibly hard for eu citicens to put pressure on the eu . 
  politicians who vote against their constituence rarely recieve backlash or any negative consequences . 
  lobby groups in brussels are the ones witht he strongest influence over the eu and not the people who elected them . 
  the whole way the lissabon treaty got together is a prime example . 
  whe had a referendum and it got downvoted . 
  so a few years later they changed some wording ( barely [ changed ] ( http://www.eudemocrats.org/eud/uploads/downloads/e-lissabon_til_nettet.pdf ) anything of substance ) and they just passed it without consulting the population again . 
  this marked the point where people saw the eu as less and less democratic since their voices where obviously not taken into account in one of the most important eu treaties since the eec . 
  with that line of argument you could disband democracy in its entirety . 
  trumps going to be president and hes going to be assasinated . 
  they are asking that . 
  they are asking for a secular school to allow public displays of prayer during breaks which is showing your religion . 
  if you send your child to a secular school than you dont want your child to be influenced by other childerens religious practices . 
  another thing is that copenhagen has muslim schools . 
  so instead of complainging that this school needs to change just send your childeren to a muslim school and everybody is happy . 
  it 's complaining about a secular school not allowing prayer while there are religious schools as other options ( christian and muslim schools exist in denmark ) . 
  i do n't get why these people are complaining that the school they are at has to change while they could have just send their child to a muslim school . 
  it would be the same as me sending my child to a religious school and demanding that everybody stop praying because i do n't want my child to see it . 
  instead of just sending him to secular-school where all the things that i would want for my child are already in place . 
  if you want all the schools to just change to the way you see life than it might be better to move a country that already has this as the dominant teaching format . 
  notice that i said can and you said should . 
  what i meant is that if your preffered lifestyle required that a lot around you has to change in order for you to live that lifestyle than it might be more easy/beneficial to move to a place where this is already the norm . 
  i am not saying ethnic danes or muslims should leave denmark . 
  i am just saying that demanding everybody change to fit your lifestyle might not be the best option . 
  but than again if you want your children to pray on school send them to a muslim school instead of a secular school . 
  verry true , however changing a secular school into a non-secular school is also a difficult thing to achieve . 
  let alone justify . 
  put your children in one of the muslim schools in denmark . 
  that way you are happy and the current school can keep doing its own thing . 
  true my remark was more on the basis that ethnicity is no factor in whether you would can/want to move or not . 
  but the easiest solution to the problem is for the family to move the childeren to an muslim school in denmark . 
  instead of demanding that the current school changes it 's curriculum or secular nature . 
  ethnic or not they can still move to countries that are more in line with their lifestyle . 
  if i was working within the eu system i also would get very , very tired . 
  as i said there are answers . 
  just different answers to the same problem . 
  i do n't claim to have the answers i just know that the current situation is not working and so alternatives will be presented . 
  i am just amazed how pieces like this act suprised at the rise of right leaning political groups . 
  while the article itself points out a lot of the problems that remain unadressed by the current `` correct '' parties . 
  it calls the far-right a `` disease '' and the harbringers of doom . 
  the article tries to vilify the new parties thus discarding the fact that they could have possible solutions to the problems . 
  but no they are far-right ergo an orwellian nightmare . 
  my main gripe is that the article vilifies the right rather than adress the problems and why the right has the wrong answers in her opinion . 
  it 's her opinion after all but the article in this form is just name calling and has no real intellectuel substance . 
  i realise it 's an opinion piece but i expect a 60 year old editorial director married to an diplomat to come with some more compelling arguments . 
  leave problems unanswered/unresolved and other options will show up to provide answers ( not necessarily good answers ) . 
   brexit unsurprisingly was also funded by american fascism . 
  i see no mention of fascism in your source . 
   again ... i 'm comparing a specific core policy assumption ok explain like i am 5 what you are comparing and why this comparison is valid ( to hitler/fascism ) . 
  i think we might be working with parallel idea 's of what we think we are talking about . 
   i 'm sorry but pointing out what i see in front of me of a group being marginalised and dehumanised is violence ? 
  this is not violence . 
  calling someone a fascist/hitler is justifying violence against that someone . 
  these two are not comparable . 
  pointing out injustice like starving children in africa is something completely different from calling someone the worst of the worst . 
   but apparently assuming a whole group of people are terrorists/out to destroy america etc is n't ? 
  who is doing this ? 
  if you say trump etc please provide clear examples . 
   i 'm surprised someone who wouldve learnt at school about how nazism went from populism heavily based on blaming arbitrary groups for problems to genocide would be so quick to dismiss real parallels versus godwins laws original meaning of using nazi as a replacement for a coherent argument . 
  you left out the coup attempt . 
  the fighting groups in the streets . 
  overall politcal situation . 
  the national crisis that was griping germany at the time ( economic depression and national humiliation ) . 
  and a meriad of other factors . 
  what you are doing by contineuing this narrative that trump and his supporters are fascist/hitler is fostering the basis for violence against him and his supporters . 
  which will lead to counter violence if this trend persists . 
  validating your idea that they are violent fascists . 
  just like us intervention in iraq and afghanistan created terrorists . 
  violence against trump and his supporters will create a violent response . 
  ok do we have a ranking of all heads of state ? 
  because this does n't show me anything without knowing how other leaders compare . 
  bad . 
  it brought in more weak members while we had n't fixed up the old weak members . 
  it created dis-unity and a lack of focus . 
  we added new members while we still had existing mayor problems within the eu and the new members only excerbated these problems . 
  eu unity is at an all time low . 
  especially the progams focussed on creating a shared european vision or the feeling of being an european have taken a hit lately . 
  but again the lisbon treaty is the main culprit of most of these problems . 
  basicly the same the netherlands . 
  orwell would go with yes . 
  thinking long term i would say yes . 
  however in order to achieve this , mayor reforms are needed ( since the lisbon treaty the term `` democracy '' is a joke in the eu ) . 
  and there has to be a stop on adding nations to the eu because this hampers the progress . 
  my dream is for a united earth and so i would see this as a step into that direction . 
  an opinion could contradict that humans need oxygen and it would still be an opinion . 
  the opinion might be factually wrong but it will be an opinion nonetheless . 
  saying that certain peoples opinions are not opinions is a scary argument to make . 
  and for someone who champions human rights i implore you to read [ article 19 ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/udhr/documents/udhr_translations/eng.pdf ) . 
  you can start by eradicating the asterixes * on every eu document if you think countries have to accept things agreed upon by the mayority . 
   if you think refugees should die at the border , you do n't belong in the eu . 
  plain and simple . 
  if you think people do n't belong in the eu for having different opinion ... . well than you can be glad that you are in the eu and it allows you to have this opinion . 
  the universities themselves do not heavily promote a certain viewpoint like in the examples you mentioned .
