thanks for pointing it out . 
  feel a bit dumb now that i see it in such bold letters . 
  how can you see how a website/article gets funded ? 
  the author himself pushes problems aside with his `` beyond nation-state citizenship-based democracy '' . 
  he only looks at the positives and not at the negatives . 
  furthermore he does not adress the function of citizenship . 
  citizenship makes sure that people who have rights such as voting are in a sense familiar with the country and have a vested interest in their region . 
  if i as a portugese could vote that sweden has to increase its military budget we would be in a strange world . 
  simply put the migrants might only work/study in the uk for a limited time and as such should not be able to vote on matters concerning the country . 
  if your serious about the country you work/study in than make sure you get that nationality and citizenship . 
  the overall program contineud till 2015 . 
  however the `` free labour '' part only lasted for 6 months according to this article . 
  how the program contineud in a differnt form i can not say . 
  the way i read it is that they had a goverment program . 
  after 6month they found out it was flawed and shut it down or changed it . 
  the only real argument is about whether or not the companies names should be public . 
  i think it should be public record if a company works with a goverment social program . 
  however i think the independent makes a way too big of a deal about a program from 5 years ago that they only had for 6 months . 
  well it might be relevant in the future since so far people got `` only '' injured in terror attack by refugees . 
  are terror acts labeled as murder ? 
  from what i understand this article/report looks at what a country is doing to be efficient not how efficient it is . 
  the report only mentions policies/plans for energy effiency . 
  it does not actually look at how efficective the policies are or how energy efficient a country is in general . 
  it only looks at the paperwork not the situation in reality . 
  i am only looking at what the site offers i do not have acces to the full report, 
   `` 1 '' was very vague , and was there an alternative ? 
  3 & 4 did n't really have anything to do with the constition . 
  so part of the problem was that the dissatisfaction was very vague - and therefore hard to address . 
  it 's especially hard to adress when the only one who asks why people voted no was a dutch polling insitute ( in the netherlands anyway ) . 
  the eu never went around europe trying to figure out why people had voted no . 
  they arrogantly appointed a group of `` wise men '' to deal with the issue . 
  there was no need to involve the plebs . 
   and it passed . 
  so they were effectively vindicated in their assessment that the people did n't have a coherent vision , but various groups of discontents needed to let off steam ... or the governments that approved it would have been voted out of office on the next occasion . 
  so effectively , the main problem was the lack of a coherent opposition . 
  ideally we would do it chapter by chapter after a broad and solid debate in civil society . 
  but you know as well as i that people would vote against the fifth or so just because they 're tired of voting . 
  in that situation , imo , it 's better to call it what it is - a constitution - and make the changes afterwards when there is an opposition with a coherent alternative . 
  yes they where vindicated but the steam did not go away or we wouldnt not see the anti eu sentiment we see across europe today . 
  but more importantly you have with your response agreed that they changed the wording and whole presentation simply in order to circumvent the dissenting voices of the population . 
  they never had the goal to adress any misinformation or critique on the eu consitution . 
  how you can defend such acts of deception and silencing of democratic voices is beyond me . 
  in the end you have agreed with my original statement which sparked this whole discussion . 
   on paper its relativly democratic . 
  however in the end the eu does what the eu does . 
  its incredibly hard for eu citicens to put pressure on the eu . 
  politicians who vote against their constituence rarely recieve backlash or any negative consequences . 
   the catch can be resolved by support from sufficient people in the uk . 
  there is no other way . 
  well there is no support from sufficient uk people since the democraticly voted to leave . 
  so the only way has just been shut down . 
   `` there are various changes in the lisbon treaty compared to the eu constitution . '', 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  they also keep going about how the treaty is binding above national legislation . 
  yes , of course : just like any other international treaty . 
  just like all the treaties that are replaced by the lisbon treaty used to be binding ... you also do n't say what changes the people would have wanted , and how you know what they wanted . 
  first off all you havent read that whole praragraph since you can clearly see that its meant in a sarcastic way once you read the whole praragraph . 
  but i will provide you with another source since you still have questions . 
  nugent , n. ( 2010 ) the goverment and politics of the european union ( 7th edition ) isbn 978-0-230-24117-6 in this you want to look at chapter 6 and than pages 72-78 . 
  i will give a short summary of what it says . 
  we only have information about the french and the dutch since all other referenda where cancelled at that point . 
  this was a hot debate in and of itself but i will stay on topic . 
  so the french and dutch disagreement can be summarized in a few points . 
  1 the treaty was seen as supporting elite rather than popular wishes . 
  2 concers about anglo-american social economic values in the treaty ( there where non in the treaty so this citism was unjustified ) 3 critism about eu enlargement/expansion ( for adding extra states as well as the bureaucracy ) . 
  4 resentment within the dutch population over being the largest per capita contributer to the eu . 
  after it got downvoted countries wanted to bring forwards things that the new treaty should adress/change . 
  the presidency wanted to do the treaty making process as quickly as possible . 
  thus blocking the traditional igc way in which goverments could bring their lists of preferences and demands to the table . 
  the precidency would largely on their own decide what should be dropped and amended to ensure national ratification . 
  in short by reading about how the whole process worked and how it was handled you can see that there was no regard for the wishes of the people it was simply of how can we pass this thing as quickly as possible . 
  and how can we market it in such a way that it passes . 
  1 : as i said i do n't know maybe the eu finds itself in a catch22 . 
  2 : i gave a source in my original post here is a [ link ] ( http://www.eudemocrats.org/eud/uploads/downloads/e-lissabon_til_nettet.pdf ) to it . 
  ps : how do you make those quotes . 
  whenever i try it the whole text becomes a quote and the wiki doesnt explain how to end a quote section . 
  1 : i do n't know what the eu is supposed to do . 
  i just know that there are big problems with the image of the eu at this moment . 
  and that the eu needs to fix it since others are not going to do it for them . 
  2 : no , ofcourse its democratic that one should abide by legislation that was signed upon before you where born . 
  and not every legislation should be reviewed with a referendum every 10 years . 
  but fresh eyes can have a different perspective and one should be open to change when it is requested . 
  otherwise we would still have slavery for example . 
  but in this case we had a referendum and the vote was against the eu constitution . 
  than they just renamed it and passed it anyway without any concern of the dissenting voices of the previous referenda . 
  you can debate whether the lissabon treaty itself is good or bad all you want but in the end people where ignored . 
  treu and the homogenzation was done via primary education etc. 
  or standardizing the language like what happened in france . 
  so to expect citizens do it of their own volition is a bit naive . 
  point 1 if people do n't feel represented and powerless to do anything about it than they will naturally start building up resentment . 
  this will translate into problems for the eu since support for the overall structure will decrease and thats why you see right wingers everywhere gaining traction . 
  it 's not to say it 's the eu 's fault just that the way that people feel will make them act against the eu whether its rational or not . 
  point 2 i do n't seem to get the point of this remark . 
  two wrongs dont make a right . 
  being politcally active is important and indeed we can work to create an european demos ourselves . 
  but before an european demos is a reality you can not demand that the systems works as if it was already there . 
  i want a system that works with the realities of today and not with a supposed future situation . 
  what council are you talking about ? 
  the * council of the european union * or * council of europe * or * european council * ? 
  ofcourse my parliament bears a great deal of responsibility .
