  ussually the administration refrains from incorporating their politcal beliefs into the courses etc. 
  ( altough this is becomming more common ) the student body in general is left-leaning . 
  once or twice a year . 
  but always for a short period of time . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  i do n't know why you think i would not be interested in your what you have written . 
  i am actively asking if my fears about the current situation are grounded or not . 
  and you provide ample arguments for the contrary . 
  also i highlight that i have had a superficial look at the situation . 
  i am not stating that what i think or my perspective on the situation are the correct perspective/thought . 
  otherwise i would not ask for the opinion of german citizens who have a far superior understanding of how things actually work . 
  i feel like this question should be asked to americans who where in a similar situation as yourself . 
  afaik most european universities outperform american ones ( except the top ones ) . 
  the fact that you are studying international relations/political science should make it easier to find someone who is willing to hire from european universities . 
  this is an elaborate way of saying that you are against immunity in general . 
  because immunity literally means that the law does not apply to you in some cases . 
  immigration , eu , euthanesia and how to deal with the voters of the wing party named pvv . 
  so are you against ep immunity in general ? 
  most trusted is the nos ( dutch broadcast foundation ) . 
  whether this trust is well placed i will leave in the middle . 
  learned both due to a mixture of teachers . 
  the end result however is [ english-dutch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeqxkd-ve2o ) . 
  first of all great that you want to expand your horizon and learn about differnt cultures . 
  second it 's difficult to find things in english that translate to an common european ideal or culture . 
  i have two examples where a normally dutch podcast made a exception to go into english due to the subject matter . 
  if you can tollerate the horrible dutch/english that is being spoken than i reccomend . 
  [ ayaan hirsi ali in ` the daily show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kabnjrmkeie ) in which former dutch member of parlement ayaan hirsi ali has a discussion with jon stewart in the daily show . 
  the two dutch persons discuss this conversation from their ( dutch ) perspective . 
  the second one i can recommend is [ reza aslan in ` the daily show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rboh1hs8ve ) where they also discuss some things on the daily show . 
  unfortunatly i do n't know any other podcast that talk english and fit your description . 
  if you decide to watch them please let me know what you think about them ( it 's totally fine to disagree with their perspectives ) . 
  first of all great that you have a british passport this saves you so much hassle . 
  first tip : if you have any family left in europe visit them for a week ( or more ) . 
  when i went to australia and new zeeland i visited ( distant ) family and this was by far the most eye opening experience of how the country worked and the region in general . 
  day to day life . 
  how the relatios are between different groups ( aborigials/maori and the settlers for example ) . 
  so if at all possible do this . 
  now onto the real questions :  should i spend a few days in every country to experience all cultures , or should i pick a handful of countries to spend a week at ? 
  can i experience the different cultures in a handful of days ? 
  my advice is to pick a handfull of countries and keep a flexible schedule . 
  leave a 5 day room between destinations . 
  you will meet different people who have different tips and plans and the flexibility allows you to take advatage of those oppertunities ( as opposed to a rigid schedule )  how friendly are europeans towards strangers as an average ? 
  does this differ much between countries ? 
  for example if i wore a shirt which said i was an aussie tourist and wanted you to introduce yourself , would you ? 
  this is verry nation/culture dependant . 
  the netherlads has a more live and let live kinda vibe so people wo n't approach you . 
  however if you ask around people are more than happy to help you it 's just that the iniative has to come from you . 
  otherwise we think we might annoy you with unsolicited conversation . 
  other cultures i can not commet on . 
   are there any hidden gems which are never spoken about or very hard to find information about online ? 
  i had never heard of faroe islands until i opened up google maps and researched it ( keen to check it out ! ), 
  portugal : rent a car from faro to lisbon on a 7day trip along the coast ( 5 days driving between small towns and 2 days in lisbon ) and you will see some beautifull places and warm people . 
  i do n't really know what hidden gems there are in the netherlands sorry . 
  kind of hard to say as a dutchmen myself . 
   how much of europe speaks english ? 
  i only know english and a bit of french so i was planning to stay near the capitols of each country for a larger chance of meeting bilingual people . 
  is this a correct assumption ? 
  in the netherlands almost everybody speaks decent english as well as the nordic countries . 
  for more latin/slavik coutries its smarter to stick with the capitals ( except portugal i found my way easily with english ) . 
  croatia is beautiful though so it might be worth a visit aswell . 
   would it be better to fly around or just take a train/ferry if on a budget ? 
  depends on your approach . 
  staying everywhere for one week than flying is the superior options . 
  visiiting everything for 2 days than the train/ferry is superior . 
   australia has a very laid back culture which involves a lot of casual swearing and no-offense-intended sarcasm . 
  should i consciously avoid doing this while in europe or would it be accepted as just a typical australian ? 
  i can only speak for the netherlands . 
  your approach may be well recieved or frowned uppon depending on which places you visit . 
  test the waters and look at the people around you for what is acceptable and appropriate . 
   i am currently thinking summer to go to europe since i 'll probably freeze to death in winter over there . 
  what months would be the best across the board ? 
  ( kids are back at school and the weather is still hot-ish ) when its winter in australia it 's summer in europe and vise versa . 
  so this should give you enough information . 
  in the netherlands carnaval is big in the catholic side wich is the southern region of the netherlands ( provinces noord-brabant and limburg ) . 
  the more protestant regions do n't celebrate it . 
  when you rent a car there are different classes of cars you can rent . 
  ranging from normal standard cars like fiat500 to a luxurious porche . 
  needless to say the porche is way more expansive to rent than the fiat500 . 
  the more expansive cars are ussually situated in the main cities/capitals . 
  since demand for luxurious cars is higher in those places . 
  but sometimes someone rents a more expansive car and drops it off in a less know/popular place . 
  the rental agency than has to drive that more luxurious car back to the more popular place . 
  this costs them time and money . 
  so in comes me the guy who rented a cheap car at the less popular place and is driving to the popular place/capital . 
  so the rental agency sees an oppurtunty to hit two birds with one stone . 
  they can rent me the more luxurious car for a few extra bucks ( way below normal renting price ) and i will drive it back to the more popular place for them . 
  i get a great deal and a great car and they get a few extra euro 's out of me and they wo n't have to drive the car back themselves ( which saves them money and time ) . 
  this might not work between stuttgart and berlin since they are both popular places . 
  but it 's always good to keep this in mind when making travel plans . 
  most has been said but i have a small tip . 
  rent the car in the less populated place ( if your starting position is optional ) . 
  a lot of the times companies need cars to be driven back to the more populated places so they will offer you a better rental car for a fraction of the original price . 
  enjoy your trip !, 
  how are you now different from them ? 
  they broke the rules they should get banned . 
  however these rules do n't seem to be applied equally which makes me worried . 
  what is alt-right ? 
  the term gets smacked around everywhere that i find it hard to narrow down what alt-right is and who is a part of it . 
  breitbart gets called alt-right but they are pro israel and have a gay icon with milo . 
  if you want to meet a load of dutch people than we have dutch week in val thorens from april 22 to 29th .
