  progressive parties are more and more under fire with regards to policies surrounding refugees/immigrants . 
  there is a lot of social tension between extremist far left and far right groups . 
  and it seems the right side of the spectrum is continually gaining ground in sweden . 
  so from an outsider in the netherlands looking at reports comming from sweden it seems they will soon take a different direction . 
  in the netherlands it received quite a lot of attention that scotland and n-ireland wanted to remain in the eu and that scotland had planned a own referendum . 
  however not much has changed within the netherlands of how scotland is viewed . 
  more people seem to travell to scotland for their holiday and this is probably the largest factor for a changing view on scotland . 
  you can compare it with interstate movement of goods within in the us . 
  there are no real checks only some sporadic ones . 
  ports are probably the place where containers get checked most often even if its moved within europe . 
  your suggestion ? 
  so far i have never heard a flemish person supporting the idea of becoming a part of the netherlands . 
  a more likely scenario is two new nations of wallonia and flanders . 
  with brussels being the sort of jeruzalem between the two nations . 
  the german part of belgium is probably more open to the idea of being merged . 
  usa : lived around 2 years in pennstate ( from 1 month to 2,5 years old ) only have a couple of videos from back than . 
  revisited when i was 9 with my family . 
  everything was huge compared to europe . 
  big trucks , big shops , big bottles of milk . 
  as a small child the number of lanes on a highway impressed me a lot . 
  everything was simply bigger from the portions of food to the vehicles people drove . 
  also guns where sold in these mega stores which was really suprising ( also the size of these mega stores was incredible ) . 
  only negative i remember was the divide between rich and poor other than that i was just always impressed with how big stuff was . 
  also we had to fly all the time to get somewhere new . 
  i live in the netherland where the maximum distance is about a 3 hour drive so that was also new to me . 
  singapore : at 19 i was there for 5 days . 
  humidity was unbearable could not walk a single street without sweating . 
  had to adjust my walking pace significantly . 
  the whole country had a police state vibe where people would not litter or cross the road if the light was not on etc. 
  people crammed into marked places on the ground to smoke and everybody pressed against each other inside these artificial borders even when there was no police men in sight . 
  other than that it was basicly a modern city with asians instead of europeans in it . 
  the city looks impressive and has some nice older neighbourhoods where a lot of different religous live next to each other . 
  furthermore i noticed that swimming is seen as something for a `` lower class '' if you can swim than your probably fisherman and therefore almost nobody can swim . 
  so when i went to the beach it was a norwegian guy and me who went swimming . 
  the whole beach was packed and nobody could swim . 
  this was suprising to me . 
  australia : at 19 . 
  huge distances to get anywhere and it felt a bit american to me from my memories . 
  because of the planned cities in grid formation and also larger vehicles and larger anything altough not to the level of the us . 
  exotic animals , beautifull landscapes and beaches . 
  new zealand 19 , one of the best countries i have visited including europe . 
  it has incredible natures and with a short distance drive your in a completely new area . 
  you can go from an exotic forest to rolling hills ( hobbit style ) in a couple of hours . 
  than travel 2 days and your in fjords like norway . 
  basicly its like australia but now you wo n't have to travell huge distances to see something new ( also the currency exchanges more favourably ) . 
  the place is incredible if you like hiking and backpacking . 
  the skies are clear and you can see for miles at a time ( same was true in australie ) especially when you climb a mountain the view is just breathtaking . 
  one of the few negative i could see was the divide between the maori and the european settlers . 
  the most likely reason . 
  keeping your army experienced . 
  armies need to have experienced officers and personal that know how to handle themselves when shit hits the fan . 
  these `` small '' conflicts are the perfect oppertunity to rotate your troops in for experience . 
  the conflicts feature relative safe combat situation where you have the upper hand in technology and will likely suffer small losses while still gaining valuable combat experience . 
  also it 's a good way to use ammunition that 's about to reach their expire date . 
  otherwise you would have to destroy it while now it can still be used `` productively '' . 
  this is ofcourse a message you ca n't sell your population so we always follow for humanitarian reasons or whatever and subsequently blame americans afterwards for `` fooling us '' . 
  you are asking people who are in an active relationship . 
  i think this will skew the responses to be on the positive side . 
  since the lisbon treaty the eu has lost my confidence that they care about the people instead of their own ideas . 
  ah i did not know that . 
  has the situation improved since 2 years back ? 
  i was in lisbon 2 years ago and i had a bad experience . 
  the city centre was crawling with people who just came up to you and ask if you wanted to buy drugs . 
  even while sitting on the terrace of a cafe . 
  lisbon is a beautiful city and there where big parties in bairro alto . 
  but every 5 min people asked me if i wanted to buy drugs and that really pissed me off . 
  it 's difficult to enjoy anythin when your being interrupted all the time by guys who you have to say `` no '' to 5 times . 
  maybe others have more recent experiences and can say this is no longer the case . 
  as for madrid i do n't know i have only been there with family . 
  i would recommend barcelona i think the city is way more suited to your preferences than lisbon or madrid . 
  you might want to reconsider singapore since it has high levels of humidity . 
  i do n't share your enthusiasm . 
  so far the eu keeps pressuring the nl to change it 's soft drug laws . 
  why is it not really true . 
  as far as i know weed is still illegal in a lot of countries . 
  and other eu countries have more lax laws on antibiotics etc. 
  the eu has tried mutlitple times to pressure the netherlands to change it 's laws concerning soft-drugs . 
  please no . 
  i have some laws in the netherlands that i would lose with federalisation ( soft-drug laws , healthcare laws , etc ) . 
  also we would lose our `` polder model '' . 
  furthermore it would devalue my vote . 
  as for my reaction i do n't know that depends on how it all came about . 
  eurobarometer is the eu institution that follows these developents . 
  [ old website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/index_en.htm ) [ new website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm ), 
  berny was my favorite . 
  than come the independents , than trump and last hillary . 
  my reason for clinton being at the botom is since she has played a mayor role in destabilizng the middle east . 
  furthermore she should be in jail according to the laws of the us since previous cases have resulted in jail for non presidential nominees . 
  this undermines the us law system which is the bedrock than any democratic nation is build on . 
  the fact that the law is equal for all . 
  the dnc leaks show me that democracy is not something she highly values . 
  trump is an idiot but he will be facing a hostile congress and other difficulties when he is in power limiting the `` damage '' he can do . 
  he is still a wild card but so far he has n't done anything bad other than saying not nice things . 
  so for me the equation become as follows : cadidate a : has a proven record of doing bad things cadidate b : has so far done nothing wrong but has the potential to do wrong things . 
  in that case i go with candidate b. 
  as to fix it make the precidency attractive again . 
  the fact that you end up hillary and trump as the main candidates shows me that nobody wants the spot . 
  smart people are probably saying f that i am going to another job . 
  in order to fix this you need a new politcal system . 
  the way democracy works in the us is outdated and is prone to corruption .
