who . . who wants to tell him the news ? 
  eventually all prices will be changed if the product is sold by an international company that is hurting with the low pound . 
  look at our amazing king with his cape . 
  if you stick together , you wo n't sink . 
  laugh all you want , but this is much better than the american every man for himself attitute . 
  sure , there are places where it happens . 
  some ( legal ) exceptions ( which are fine by me ) but overall , compared to the situation before the ban ? 
  it 's a 90 % improvement . 
  it 's true . 
  our public transportation still has ashtrays embedded in the armrests from when it was acceptable . 
  they are closed permanently however . 
  smoking in public area 's was normal a really short time ago when you think about it , but it 's completely unacceptable right now almost everywhere except outside . 
  then bars and concert venues followed . 
  slowly . 
  lots of resistance . 
  but in the end the majority of those fighting it wil disappear with time . 
  meanwhile a new generation people now grow up not knowing it any differently . 
  they will help enforce it in the future . 
  a cultural shift always takes time . 
  this mentality is exactly why many europeans feel we should n't help greece in a financial crisis . 
  there 's just no feeling of responsibility at all . 
  how about she feels best when she is not half naked ? 
  it 's just a personal choice in the end . 
  well since he _ can _ choose , because apple is not a 100 % american company , he can just put the money where he finds it the most reasonable . 
  he 'd love to put it in murca , but for that to happen it has to not be 40 % or something . 
  so yeah , he is in a position to choose . 
  just like you can choose what bank you want to loan from with what interest ( or keep it under your pillow ) . 
  exactly , ca n't blame apple for other people 's mistakes . 
  they are just playing by the rules . 
  if they knew it was illegal , they would n't do it . 
  they already pay lots of tax in the us . 
  but apple is not just a us company . 
  2/3 of their revenue is from overseas . 
  it makes no sense to move all that money back to the us if you get taxed up the ass for it . 
  cook said that he 'd be glad to pay more than nothing , but it has to be reasonable . 
  like tim cook recently said : apple is paying every cent they legally own . 
  you ca n't blame a company that uses existing rules to pay as little as they can . 
  they have a company to run , people to pay too . 
  they 'd be insane to move all their money to the us ( which is only a part of the total revenue stream ) because the taxes there would be insanely high . 
  open a new tab , and paste the url . 
  press enter . 
  too soon . 
  this is the only reason the west has n't already kicked turkey out of every eu related club . 
  i think it 's mostly a matter of making it recognizable for the general crowd . 
  most people know about `` inflation '' and know it 's bad in a lot of cases . 
  negative inflation sounds as a win ( stuff is cheaper , yay ! ), 
  i remember during the crisis , the pm was telling everyone to start spending those savings again !, 
  it would jump start the economy . 
  fire !, 
  yeah , as i understand it , some deflation is good ( but not too much ! ), 
  years of inflation without growing salaries is just bad for everyone . 
  there 's always downsides for every economic development : a strong coin is good for import . 
  but bad for export . 
  i 'll go smoke some weed and marry another dude . 
  but the majority has shifted to the remain side . 
  making them the likely winner . 
  i do n't get why they do n't act on it . 
  huh . 
  i think i had that . 
  always thought it was normal until i got a girldfriend . 
  eventually it tore with while banging . 
  i hurt like a motherfucker and it bled like hell . 
  but it was worth it . 
  and that 's exactly why american 's do n't see a problem with it . 
  it 's all they know . 
  from the outside , however . . 
  they cut off a piece of your dick . 
  i mean seriously , it 's insane when you actually think about it . 
  if there is a medical need for it . . 
  butter ?? 
  impossible . 
  it 's up to the person you 're asking it . 
  `` hey do you believe a god exists ? '', 
  a - yes b - no simpels . 
  facts are not up for discussion . 
  especially not when quotes or recordings exist in this case . 
  here 's a page from his own novel that perfectly illustrates how he feels about women : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c7bhmbbxaaarba7.jpg he also wrote this post on tpo about his views on women : http://cult.tpo.nl/2014/11/19/julien-blanc-heeft-volkomen-gelijk/ also read this about his views on race/culture . 
  this is not up for discussion . 
  his behaviour and quotes speak for themselves . 
  like president trump , his opinions on the subject are clear . 
  exactly like trump has shown . 
  he 's not there for the people . 
  he went back on his words , but meant every word of it . 
  he 's an intellectual racist , he just beliefs that white people are better , have better genes etc. 
  he also wrote a novel with very sexist ideas/stories in it , and just publicly made many sexist remarks on twitter etc. 
  i did n't lie a single word . 
  he literally looks like trump jr ( his actual son , i 'm not comparing him to trump himself ) to me . 
  he 's a racist because he said very racist things and does not try to hide how much of a sexist he is . 
  poor region , backwards/racist culture ( sorry i live there ) , birthplace of wilders . 
  agreed . 
  they have quite good plans . 
  would be my third choice maybe . 
  i feel the right also wants some of those things , but not at the cost of economic growth or achieved through raising taxes for higher incomes . 
  so the focus is n't as strong , and very little actually gets achieved in these areas . 
  to me , the environment is not `` optional '' or something you can do halfway . 
  nothing else matters if you fuck up the environment . 
  i want a strong focus on the environment ( green energy , focus on electric cars ) , education ( bring back the scholarships ) , and healthcare ( bring back the universal healthcare ), 
  he wo n't debate because he has nothing of value to say . 
  yes , the whole erdogan thing helped the vdd and swayed voters from pvv to vdd because he was hard on turks . 
  it made him look like an strong leader , which he is , even if i do n't agree with him .
