  his plans fit on a single sheet of paper ( literally ) . 
  that 's all you need to know about them . 
  i was really afraid of fortuyn and could n't help but be glad he was gone , but everything that came after him was way more scary . 
  pretty good for a sexist , racist richboy . 
  baudet is basically trump jr. 
  a single partner in the coalition can break the government if for example an issue arrives they ca n't agree over how to handle it . 
  they basically veto the outcome by breaking the coalition , and then we have to vote again . 
  terrible to me ( hoping for a left coalition ) , but stable and not based on populism and racism . 
  small victories i guess . 
  why ? 
  they were bigger last time and have to form a coalition with more parties this time . 
  i would n't dare take off my shoes with visitors . 
  that shit smelly yo !, 
  the meeting where they try to form the coalition with the pvv . 
  not in asmterdam , but it is in many other big cities like rotterdam and den haag . 
  in amsterdam that means groenlinks and sp as amsterdam is quite progressive . 
  lots of traditional pvda voters who feel betrayed after the last coalition and are going for more left-leaning parties now instead . 
  i think it will be a really short meeting, 
  the biggest left and right parties had a lot of people leaving . 
  wilders came from the vvd and many other politicians who started new parties came from other bigger parties too . 
  i mean , he 's not `` literally hitler '' but he 's a `` liberal '' ( which means `` right wing rich guy '' in the netherlands , basically the us 's gop ) who cares mostly about the people with money and businesses . 
  he raped our education system ( no more free scholarschips for everyone , everyone is loaning now ) and health system ( high personal contribution , expensive insurances ) he made our economic recovery much slower than it needed to be by being to harsh in his cuts to our economy . 
  he also made some pretty big promises that he completely threw out after he won ( 1000 euro 's for everyone ! ), 
  he is however a good leader , speaker and can keep the country together and is good with international contacts . 
  sure , but our christian god is just as much of a sicko . 
  there 's no rush . 
  going after evening dinner . 
  yes , but you can vote from really early till 9pm and almost anywhere . 
  waiting times are almost non-existent , so nothing really in the way of voting . 
  do it before work , during lunch or after dinner ( like me ) . 
  there is a movement that wants to turn the voting day into a official holiday , not to give people the time to vote ( since no-one really sees time as a problem ) but to celebrate democracy !, 
  which i think is a great idea ( we celebrate the king 's birthday every year so ... ), 
  yes , for example people who are afraid pvv will become the biggest will vote vvd ( pvv 's nr1 threat ) to ensure pvv does n't `` win '' ( there 's no single winner , but that 's how the media will frame it ) even though they do n't agree with vdd ( because vdd is pretty right-wing , and people afraid of wilders are left-wing ) it 's better than wilders ( who is basically a smarter trump ) . 
  the current pm ( rutte ) only played it this hard to score the credits with the general public days before the election ( see , i can be hard on muslims too ! ) . 
  once the vvd ( pm rutte ) wins again , he 'll probably do a 180 and become friends with turky again . 
  convince me . 
  luckily not one single party can rule , and since no-one wants to rule with the pvv , at worst we 'll end up with a few more years of rutte , and at best yung klavey ( gl ) in some sort of odd coalition . 
  well , trump was down in all the polls on the last day too . 
  expect a major bump in the final outcome . 
  oh you see it all the time in stores where the chain is originally christian ( reformed i think ) like a major store of babyproducts ( beds , strollers etc ) for example babypark . 
  as long as the issue or target group is big enough to win a seat at the table , why not ? 
  ( people aged 50 and up is a big group , people who care about the environment too ), 
  the netherlands is so liberal that our right wing ( vvd ) is called `` liberal '' . 
  left is full on socialism . 
  no netherlands anywhere ? 
  yeah , it will be a long time before i trust pvda . 
  they threw every single belief overboard in their coalition . 
  vvd is the party for the rich people . 
  low taxes for the rich . 
  basically the gop of the netherlands . 
  also it 's clearly obama he got his schtick and quotes from . 
  too bad , it 's already banned . 
  / s i hope ? 
  he 's walking all over every check and balance . 
  only thing he was really challenged on was the travel ban . 
  makes sense !, 
  thanks . 
  so that 's why you often notice it for titles of games/movies because they are often contain fictional words . 
  eli5 why does many japanese stuff sound like someone is poorly imitating a japanese person while speaking english ? 
  reddit would be reddituh or something . 
  phonetic japanglish ? 
  where does this come from ? 
  they really love a. shopping in our outlet centres/malls b. seeing our tiny old villages in holland, 
  some people say words with a g like `` gggh '' ( most of nl ) , others pronounce it like `` ch '' ( limburg ), 
  this about inciting a crowd with a certain choice of words . 
  i do n't like terrorists either . 
  does n't mean i 'm spouting hate against all foreigners . 
  when history is almost literally repeating itself , you 're goddamn right . 
  if you go and stand in front of a crowd and ask if people wants `` more or less muslims '' that might be a problem ( why all muslims , why rile up the audience with generalisations ) . 
  you know what you are growing hatred in the crowd towards a large group of people . 
  it 's in the wording ( why all salafists ) and the context too ( big political rally that is televised ) . 
  - germany 1939 `` do we want more jews or less jews ? '', 
  * crowd chants `` less !!, 
  less !!, 
  less !!, 
  * wanting less of a group of people rarely works out , especially when you are speaking to a roaring crowd of supporters . 
  i agree that it has given him even more power/media attention ( it 's insane how much push messages 90 % of the dutch people got this morning over this news ) but it 's only fair he got convicted as a racist legally . 
  i think it 's a lose lose situation any way you put it . 
  yeah that 's more like going from amsterdam to rotterdam . 
  still the same country , same culture mostly . 
  going to germany , france , belgium or the uk is quite different . 
  everything is so close in europe , compared to the us . 
  i can be in several major cities in several countries within a few hours . 
  1 hour tops . 
  brussels ? 
  1 hour . 
  1 hour . 
  paris ? 
  couple of hours . 
  if you drive one full day you can go from amsterdam to rome crossing several countries . 
  in the us you can drive for several hours in a single state seeing nothing but desert or woods . 
  study till you 're in your late 20s . 
  give us back our bikes , you monsters !, 
  political move to keep her christian buddies happy . 
  she knew the rest would vote for , so her vote did n't matter . 
  christians gon na christian . 
  is it legal in every state in the us ? 
  i think not . 
  i wish that was true, 
  hey wait , where 's the netherlands . .
