  here 's the [ interview ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/euro-finance/varoufakis-greeces-creditors-have-turned-negotiations-war-315247 ) , make of it what you will . 
  no one has come out to deny this so far mind you . 
  well the have n't been given the chance to govern actually . 
  it 's only ben 4 months since they were elected and the only thing they 've been doing so far is negotiate with the creditors for a solution . 
  there was a recent interview of varoufakis were he claimed that they were forbidden to implement even those reforms they agreed on , like tax reform , and that no reform can be made unless there is an agreement first . 
  well , i agree with your critique of syriza and the coalition government but whats even more depressing to me is that i ca n't see what could possibly be an alternative in the present political environment in greece . 
  despite all their faults i believe that there is a core of responsible and competent politicians within syriza 's leadership namely tsipras himself , varoufakis , dragasakis , papadimoulis and a couple of others . 
  i think that potentially if given the chance to govern and reform they might do some actual good . 
  if you look into their opinions a bit more attentively they are far from the radical left ones that are imho wrongly perceived to be the governments line ( although they do represent considerable a portion of the party itself ) . 
  still they 've undeniably made a huge mess of the whole deal , which if it leads to a failure in the negotiations would probably cause the collapse of this government which would lead to elections for a renewed mandate which syriza ( or a reformed version of it ) would probably end up winning again because at this point greeks would never vote for one of the old parties again . 
  there seems to be no way out of this mess . 
  still a minority though and as long as tsipras keeps them under control they hopefully wont be a problem . 
  if they do ever decide to go on full left wing retard mode though they need to be done away with and replaced by polititians more in line with the more centre left majority 's opinions . 
  they might be politically amateurs and they did end up undermining the negotiations but in my opinion at least they 've been utterly honest and open about their stance and the whole thing in general , especially varoufakis , that 's what he 's being punished for from the media . 
  that 's an incredibly rare trait fro politians to have especially greek ones . 
  i think that if they succeded in landing a feasible agreement with the creditors the reforms they might implement might be the first truly beneficial for the country in decades . 
  i 've never been a syriza supporter but it really feels like these guys are honestly trying their best for the country . 
  i 've been following varoufakis for quite some time now and i honestly never ever heard him even suggest that he would want an exit from the euro . 
  in fact i think he actually might be among the most pro europe polititians not only in greece but the rest of europe too . 
  i honestly have no idea where this preposterous propaganda comes from . 
  there is though a far left portion of syriza that admittedly would probably want an exit not only from the euro but also the union but fortunately they 're only a small minority and they are n't too vocal either they 've just been following the government 's line so far . 
  i do n't know but i think that after this speech and subsequent conversation this government 's intentions have never been clearer . 
  even though i 'm not a fan of syriza as a party , especially of its radical left portion which i abhor , i think that they might actually be the only political force in greece right now capable of implementing the reforms so much needed by the greek state . 
  more people interested in the crisis and the current dialogue about the greek problem in general should see this . 
  it 's worth the effort . 
  still , does that justify such a risky and potentially destructive policy mainly for his own country ? 
  in my opinion at least it seems that putin has fallen victim to his own delusions of grandeur both for his country and himself and has built extensively on that myth of a superior russia through the humongous propaganda machine he has he created , now he 's probably just trying to live up to that myth since if he fails to will have to face the wrath of his own people and lose his position . 
  this expansionist policy of his , both with ossetia and ukraine does n't otherwise make much sense to me , russia gains essentially nothing from it unless you take into account the further increase of putin 's prestige among his supporters . 
  i could n't have explained it better myself . 
  people here just went about their every day jobs trying to make a better life for themselves just like in every other country , some of them admittedly not in the most honest way by trying to scam the state by avoiding taxes , a state mind you that they felt and still do feel tries to scam them back in every way it can . 
  greeks never trust governments , even the one they voted for themselves , i know it does n't make any sense but it 's true . 
  the average joe had no idea about the loans , the debt or whatever else governments did behind closed doors , there were though people that kept warning about the impending doom but noone listened to them since the crisis and the cuts had n't hit the country yet . 
  more importantly i 'd like to stress the point that it is n't so much the greek people , as in private citizens who are riddled with debt they can not pay but the state alone . 
  it 's the state with its deeply dysfunctional public sector that went bankrupt not the people , but because the public sector had become so big it dragged towards ruin the rest of the economy with it . 
  but the fact remains in my opinion that the root of the problem with greece is not the economy , as it 's mainly the symptom of bad governance , but its political culture itself . 
  the only way the greek political system has ever managed to have stable governments is when they kept throwing money at people with ridiculous populist delusions in return for the promise of getting reelected . 
  the relationship between the people and the state has never been honest or healthy and deep mistrust of every kind of governments is deeply rooted within the greek psyche because of that . 
  to add even more to this bad relationship is the fact that people that did n't identify with the main parties mostly because of the aforementioned practicies of clientelism and corruption , never really felt like there was a viable alternative they could vote for to brake the cycle . 
  the result of that was that that deeply flawed and rotten system ended up perpetuating itself for more than 20 years eventually leading the country to its current misery . 
  as for this crisis in spite of all the bad and suffering it has caused it has shaken this deeply flawed system to its roots and in my opinion at least greece could never go back to things as they were in the past after such a shock . 
  this crisis should be taken by both greeks and europeans as long overdue wake up call for greece to set its house in order at last and for europe to reform itself sufficiently as not to allow any other member country to reach a similar state of decadence in the future . 
  the greek state should be given anough time to reform itself sufficiently in order to be able to rebuild its economy and regain a sustainable debt so evryone can be happy again but that can not be done if both sides keep pointing angry fingers at each other . 
  people need to finally calm down and deal with this with pragmatism and a cool head . 
  sorry for the long post . 
  it 's the intention that counts / s, 
  no it did n't disintegrate but it came close at least once when it defaulted on its debt in 1893 and placed under international financial control to repay its debts . 
  the country ever since its conception in 1821 has always struggled economically even though it did n't disintegrate it never flourished either , because of bad governance or almost a constant state of war with few and short lived brakes in between . 
  modern greek history , just like the ancient , is nothing short of tragic . 
  for some people those delusions are their only way out of a grim reality and an even more grim future . 
  those people are those who 've been hit the hardest during this crisis , so the blame is not only theirs , they 've been pushed there by the harsh reality they suddenly found themselves in . 
  if this situation of a continous downward spiral towards more poverty keeps up many of those people will try to turn those delusions into reality . 
  many mps are already openly supporting an exit not only from the euro but also the union itself mixing it with the old communist anti westerm narrative . 
  they literally think things could n't possibly become any worse and in my opinion at least they 're wrong . 
  unless a solution is reached soon this situation could snowball into something way out of control . 
  i like your positive attitude . 
  what would that 5 % growth be based on after only 5 years ? 
  our soon to be booming olive oil industry ? 
  our crumbling infrastructure?our fantastic education system or our patriotic shipping magnates and other successful bussinesses who refuse to pay a dime in taxes and continously threat the country with taking their businesses elsewhere ? 
  or our educated youth who , left with no other choice , leave the country in droves ? 
  so many choices ... add to that our complete inability to elect properly functioning governments and a hopelessly inefficient administration and that future you just described starts looking more like a naive fantasy to me . 
  call me a pessimist but i think that if we 're left to our own devices , completely free from all e.u. 
  constraints the country would cruble in less than a year . 
  it shames me to admit this because i really love my country but at this point i have lost faith in the ability of the greek society to pull itself back together without foreign help . 
  you had me at witcher 3 . 
  damn that was great . 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm so confused right now ... 
  it 's exactly the same here in greece , seems like we copied it from you guys . 
  it 's really amazing how easily we adopt such great ideas in this country . 
  '' for a time '' was meant to denote that that period of bad relations eventually came to an end , i did n't mean anything else by it , i did n't comment on its length nor its character . 
  yes we did have bad relations with russia for a time , specifically after the bolshevik revolution exploded and russia turned into a communist state but our good relations resumed as soon as the ussr collapsed , as they did in the rest of europe in fact . 
  greece actively seeked to improve its relations with russia after the fall of the soviet union in order to improve its access to its vast energy resources . 
  good relations with russia became a no no only after the ukraine crisis . 
   that 's inaccurate . 
  greek foreign minister kotzias agreed on sanctions on january 29 , but only after he made sure they were softened . 
  the sanctions were n't softened and certainly if they had it would n't have been because of kotzias , sure kotzias did object at first but they backtracked on their propositions almost immediately . 
  plus they were n't the only ones to object towards further sanctions but it did n't matter since the majority supported them . 
   no , i do not want a collapse . 
  that 's why i do not support tsipras , who is bringing it closer and closer every day . 
  i 'm not a supporter of syriza either i just admit that tsipras is probably our only chance to solve our immediate economic problems because lets face it , nd and samaras are just as much of a burned card as pasok and venizelos and i certainly do n't want yet another right wing conservative government to rule greece since they were complete and utter failures . 
  you talk as if samaras 's government was n't about to further extend the bailout because they could n't yet meet the terms for our exit from the memorandum . 
  the only reason syriza got elected in the first place is because they failed . 
   you suggest that our eu partners should give us 250 billion euros with no demands whatsoever ? 
  no not at all , i 'm only saying that asking us to sell off all our public property for pennies to private companies and further impoverish our middle and lower classes are not such fair demands from someone who 's supposed to be helping us . 
  having said that i do acknowledge that tsipras 's government seems to be losing control of the situation both inside and outside the country , i just do n't see any other viable alternative for now . 
  what are you some kind of independent greeks putinbot ? 
  tsipras is only using russia as a tool to gain some ground in the negotiations , greece has n't asked absolutely anything from russia nor russia offered anything to greece . 
  tsipras has vowed to keep greece firmly within the union . 
  oh come on now that 's complete bullshit , greece always had good , in general terms , relations with russia mostly for religious reasons and i say that as someone who despises what putin 's russia has become . 
  nobody is lobbying for russian interests in europe maybe except hungary . 
  greece has agreed on all the sanctions imposed on russia on behalf of the e.u. 
  to it 's great disadvantage in a time of dire need . 
  this is one of those things that might be able help improve our current economic situation . 
  what 's unacceptable to me is that even though greece keeps lowering it 's head down submitting to the european demands to its great disadvantage while being in a constant danger of collapse some people like you , who 's supposed to be supporting your ally , keep defaming greece as if it was some kind of traitor to the west . 
  sometimes i wander if all people like you want is to see the complete destruction of greece . 
  man talk of an epic scale emotional rollercoaster ... looks like youtube 's still got it :p, 
  many times ? 
  you 're probably referring to the megali idea and the short lived occupation of smyrna , all of which was by the way within the scope of the 1st world war , these are two very different cases . 
  on the other hand we were in the exact same predicament as ukraine is now when turkey used the exact same pretense as russia of a supposed turkish majority in cyprus when they snatched part of the island for themselves just because they could , it takes a special kind of ignorance to be supporting the same kind of dodgy politics and practices your own nation has been a victim of . 
  ukraine is a sovereign country and not a vassal of russia , putin had no right to invade it , just like turkey had no right to invade cyprus in 1974 , russia broke international law when it did that 's the reason it still refuses to recognise the invasion to this day although everybody knows they did it .
