there is n't actually much evidence for the fact that the name hellas is pre greek nor that it is related to the selloi in any way . 
  aristotle 's was pretty much just another wild theory trying to explain the name 's origin without having much to go on . 
  i think it would be safer to presume that the name either came from that small tribe in thessaly or from hellen the mythical progenitor of the hellenes . 
  either way the explanation that we get through homer seems a lot more plausible and safe to me . 
  as long as we do n't have a reliable explanation of its etymology it probably would be better to accept that it was just a name of tribe without a special meaning than to keep throwing wild etymological theories at it . 
  well being greek i 'd say this poll is , at the very least , inaccurate as i still have n't met a greek who considers our government ( s ) even remotely trustworthy . 
  even though most greeks hate to admit it germoney is currently the most trustworthy nation in europe and , at least in my opinion , rightfully so . 
  greek and got u.k. no surprise there i luv dem brits . 
  the fact that the aristocracy might have spoken proper greek or the people a bastardized form of greek , which was somewhat of a blend with vulgar latin , does n't mean much . 
  greek by that point was the lingua franca of the whole eastern empire and was spoken by many more peoples than just greeks . 
  to say that the greeks of the e.r.e. 
  considered themselves greek just based on the language they spoke would be to claim that modern americans ( u.s. ) also consider thelselves english . 
  pagan communties existed , within what is now modern greece only until 1000ad . 
  specifically that was in the mani peninsula in the peloponnesus . 
  that 's almost 400 years before the ottoman invasions began . 
  there is much evidence for the fact that ordinary , non educated , greeks did n't consider themselves as anything but roman up until the revolution of 1821 and in some cases further still into the 20th century even . 
  that is common knowledge among greeks nowadays as the evidence for it is overwhelming . 
  the only ones who deny that are thick headed nationalists who like to cherry pick or even make up stuff about greek history to suit their nationalistic fantasy . 
  well yes , the only thing you got wrong is that after 400 ad greeks stopped referring to themselves as greek but thought of themselves as fully roman . 
  greek or hellenic identity was actively supressed and outright banned by theodosius i as it was considered to be sinonimous with paganism . 
  in fact hellenic identity became completely obsolete and largely forgotten by the people after a few centuries and it remained so until the early 19th century when it was revived by western european philhellenes and early greek revolutionaries ( who still largely referred to themsleves as romans or romioi ) . 
  it 's not just romania it even snowed in several mountain towns in greece today , and temperature dropped by 5 degrees or more pretty much everywhere . 
  like what ? 
  the name of the country is the main reason there 's a dispute in the first place !, 
  still it 's impressive how an ( apparently ) outsider has such fervent support for the '' macedonian '' cause even though their claims are unfair and are what started the whole mess in the first place ... what else do you think the greeks should give up besides their macedonian identity ? 
  maybe the albanians will start claiming the epirotan one next ? 
  or the aegean turks the ionian ? 
  maybe the greeks should just give up being greeks all together ? 
  nice job being unbiased and objective . 
  same for greece then ... there will never be a solution with this kind of attitude . 
  well said . 
  yes that is true but still greece should n't just give it all up , both countries need to compromise if we are to solve this problem . 
  it 's a bad thing because they are n't just trying to harmlessly overcome their identity crisis , they want to do it by stealing an other people 's just because they like it better than their other alternatives , in fact they want to appropriate themselves of a foreign one just because they view it as more glorious and more historically valid , in other words because it suits them . 
  not only have they no respect for their neighbors , as there are 2,4 million people in greece who identify as macedonians , but not even for well established and internationally recognized history . 
  the greeks have no unreasonable grudge against these people nor do they want to deny them anything that would improve their lives , but try getting your head around giving up your own identity just because some people suddenly and arbitrarily decided that it belonged to them ? 
  how could anyone who regards themselves as impartial and objective support their unreasonable demands is beyond my understanding . 
  and it 's certainly not just hurt pride we 're talking about here . 
  the two are not even close to being the same thing , i ca n't even begin to describe how wrong of an analogy that is . 
  in the greek-macedonia case it 's all about the identity and the history , there is no dispute about land also there were no political or even cultural ties between the two countries and peoples , in fact there were hardly any relations at all . 
  what happened is that after the yugoslavian breakup they were left with an identity gap and a country that was mostly inhabited by albanians , bulgarians and serbs . 
  the arbitrary adoption of the macedonian identity ( which is inexorably tied with the greek ) served exactly the purpose of solving their identity problem and start building their new state anew with a solid base , something which was largely done through the promotion , through widespread use of propaganda , of a falsified history that was carefully constructed by '' macedonian '' nationalists to serve their purposes . 
  it 's not like ireland and n. ireland , where the dispute is in general terms between the same people and is largely a political one ( where one side decided to stay with the u.k. ) . 
  both sides were and remained irish after the split . 
  what do you know about the greek-macedonian naming dispute and why do you think it 's ridiculous ? 
  you do realize that macedonia is not only a region of the modern greek state but is also ( and has pretty much always been ) an integral part of the general greek identity and especially of those that are from the said region as they still identify as macedonians ? 
  i do n't like to negate to anyone the right of self-determination but in this case we have an appropriation , plagiarization and falsification of an other people 's history and identity in the most ridiculous and shameful manner . 
  it baffles me how some people simply and irrationally refuse to understand that , how would an english person feel if another nation suddenly decided to call themselves northubrians for example ? 
  i find both muslims and feminists offensive , i 'd really like it if they were removed . 
  fuck , i remember this , this is exactly what happened !, 
  but then it got even worse , the chocolate milk got up to 2.50 euro . 
  prices just kept rising and rising for no apparent reason till we began handing 5 euro bills like they were pennies . 
  i 'd upvote you a thousand times if i could . 
  keep it up so that they 'll know what to expect . 
  seriously do you even listen to yourself ? 
  the eu in the past weeks has literally deprived us of our own savings . 
  it placed an unwarranted cut of liquidity for political reasons forcing the banks to impose even harsher capital controls . 
  how the hell can you even begin to justify all that ? 
  we are in terrible suffering because of decisions made directly by the eurogroup . 
  not only they were unwilling to help but decided to start hurting the people directly instead . 
  what else do you even want from us ? 
  we 've literally given everything we had , we 've been bled almost dry and our state remains in shambles . 
  you think we are complicit in what exactly ? 
  we 're the only ones suffering because of all this not you , we asked for help but all we got was shameless patronizing and finger pointing . 
  the eu has been demonizing itself all this time in a country that used to be 80 % pro eu and pro further integration just a few years ago . 
  i recognize that tsipras and varoufakis fucked up the negotiations and undermined our position terribly , still that does n't justify the eu 's stance . 
  even though their approach was terribly unprofessional their proposals were very sound but in the end they did n't even insist on those , they capitulated completely and just accepted whatever the creditors threw at them in the end . 
  but no even that was n't enough for them , it 's become apparent that what the creditors want is to induce a coup ( by blaming syriza for the failure in the negotiations ) and get rid of tsipras no matter what . 
  if anyone is to get rid of syriza that 's the greek people through elections not the eu . 
   economic terrorism , economic asphyxiation as for those accusations they are very sound if you ask me or any greek really , that 's just the reality we currently live in over here . 
  nobody forced them to stop the ela so abruptly just because of the referendum . 
  there has been tremendous economic asphyxiation imposed on greece and what scares me most of all is that it was an intentional political decision made by the heads of the eurogroup . 
  edit : just added a little something, 
  so you 're saying that even though we 're fine with the eu 's meddling when it 's about the vat on milk and our army budget we 'd somehow be outraged if they proposed to help us fight corruption and clientelism ? 
  please ... we 've literally given everything both as a people and government , even syriza made a 360 turn and axcepted everything they asked of them . 
  i 've lost faith that there 's any will left in many eu countries to actually help improve our situation , they just do n't give a shit . 
  edit : oops sorry about the 360 thing , that 's just the expression we use in greek . 
  it should be 180 . 
  i know it could n't get rid of them but it could at least stop supporting them for one . 
  most of the corrupt deals and loans made by our state after we entered the euro could n't have been without the eu 's compliance at least . 
  the eu knew , the eu did nothing about it . 
  now the greek people get all the blame instead even though we did n't have the slightest idea that shit was even happening . 
  we 've been lied to both by our governments and the eu . 
  i agree with all your points . 
  even the last one . 
  i would probably have disagreed with that last point a couple of years ago as i thought that deeper integration and more power to eu institutions and less to national governments was the answer but now i do n't really think that could ever work . 
  also to tell you the truth what bothered me most of all was n't even the managing of the situation by the troika but all the unfair hate towards my people from fellow europeans from the north , that hurt us just as much as all the cuts and suffering imposed on us all these years . 
  i know things are n't so black and white but public perception does n't really ever take the time to think on it and judge situations objectively and that 's true for all the parties involved . 
  i truly fear that this crisis has created a deep rift in the relationship of trust that was painstakingly built among europeans since the founding of the e.e.c. 
  and the e.u. 
  i used to be a convinced believer in a federal europe , i truly admired the eu as an example of responsible policies and administration , a force for good in the world but that view has now completely collapsed . 
  throughout this ordeal that began 6 years ago i 've progressively been losing faith in the european project . 
  due to our long history of irresponsible and incompetent governments here in greece i 've always expected to be disappointed from them but never expected to be disappointed by the eu . 
  i truly thought that if the eu ever truly stepped in this problem could be solved in a heartbit , that it would finally help us get rid of our corrupt and inept politians and help build a healthy state . 
  not only they did n't do any of that but in the last six months they 've revealed their complete unwillingess to truly help , it really seems to me now that the only thing they want is to get their money back without giving a single shit about what happens to greece and greek people afterwards . 
  things just keep getting worse and worse for us over here despite all the '' help '' they insist we recieved . 
  i still think that a united europe is essential and our only hope for a peaceful future but if it is to survive it needs to be reformed , very much like greece in a way . 
  you 're both right . 
  i 'm happy this got posted . 
  we are in dire need of an inside perspective to be able to judge objectively both the greek government and the troika . 
  this is an eye opening article about the inner workings of the eu .
