  but he did . 
  he did promess to make them pay higher taxes , this has been syriza 's line over here since before they got elected . 
  they want to tax the rich . 
  i think that if they wont make deep reforms nobody will and if they still do n't be sure that they 'll get voted out in a heartbit . 
  those are exactly the reforms i 'm talking about . 
  you think we want to protect the outrageous pensions of those people ? 
  they are the ones who have been sucking our blood dry for the past 30 years !, 
  they are the ones who never paid a dime in taxes while the middle and lower classes had to bear all weight . 
  we want them to be taxed and we want an efficient public sector . 
  believe me when i say this that this government is the only one that even expressed the will to tackle those issues . 
  i do n't know if they 'll succeed , they might even fail miserably and harm the country even more in process but it 's either that or voting back in the same crooks that created this mess in the first place . 
  the high pensions , the welfare and all else people enjoy in the rest of europe has been almost erased from greece in the past five years . 
  sure people still want a better quality of life just like everybody ever but that does n't mean that people think we can go back to previous levels of prosperity , our incomes have been cut by almost 50 % in most cases for some even more and people are very aware that they will never come back . 
  we have endured the harshest austerity of any troubled country in europe in the past five years and our gdp fell by 25 % . 
  we 're not asking for anybodys money the only thing we want is for the strangulation to stop and start growing again . 
  people here have been already pushed to brink if something does n't change we would gladly crash and burn with a grexit instead of keeping this up . 
  people in the north just do n't seem to understand how fucked things are over here . 
  we do n't want more money we want the right reforms !, 
  i 've never borrowed anything in my life . 
  i 'd like my state to start doing the same . 
  we did n't spit on nobody 's face its people like you who keep spitting on ours and still expect us to thank you for it . 
  furthermore , you dont own europe . 
  they absolutely did not . 
  they colaborated thoroughly with both parties responsible both for the country 's present state and the debt and interestignly they are still supporting them . 
  make of that what you will . 
  it was not a no to the e.u. 
  and europe greeks are still overwhelmingly pro e.u. 
  and pro euro it is the rest of the e.u. 
  that keeps stubbornly and wrongly pounding us to the ground just because syriza 's ideology does n't suite the e.u. 
  we are europeans wether some people like it or not . 
  we rejected the old proposal but most of all we said a big fuck you to the old corrupt parties responsible for this mess . 
  a yes vote would have meant that parties like nd and pasok would govern again , that is simply unacceptable for us . 
  the rest of the e.u. 
  must understand that too and stop supporting them . 
  this no vote imo was most of all a divorce from the old corrupt political system . 
  well fuck me but this sounds just like greece about 20 years ago . 
  same here , it has been there for the past two months really i just refused to aknowledge it . 
  how did europe come to this ? 
  this is not the europe i admired , unless something drastic happens both the greek and european future as a whole will become very uncertain . 
  i ca n't believe we 've come to this . 
  excellent . 
  nobody knows what the fuck 's going on over here . 
  as i see it greek people are very much devided on this even though the no supporters are much more vocal . 
  even the question itself is misleading by now since nobody knows what it actually entails . 
  if the question had been only about the last proposal made by juncker the answer , imo would have been no . 
  this is not how proper referendums should be done . 
  the fact that this is a probable scenario scares me to no end . 
  syriza has actually shown that they are that stupid . 
  wtf are we supposed to do ? 
  give power back to the corrupt cronies that brought the country to this situation in the first place ? 
  i feel exactly the same . 
  maybe it is maybe it is n't and how long tern are we talking ? 
  do we even know ? 
  what if it 's 10 years ? 
  what if that growth never actually comes and what happens till then ? 
  unfortunately the euro is not even close to being our biggest problem . 
  the only thing a grexit would accomplish is plunge the country into even more crippling uncertainty . 
  tomorrow is saturday banks are closed , all hell will brake loose on monday though . 
  we 're now officially fucked . 
  bailing me out ? 
  that 's rich . 
  you 're not bailing me out you 're bailing out failed banks and a corrupt state with which i 've nothing to do with . 
  i 'm no state employee nor have i ever voted for any of those governments nor do i owe anything to any bank since i 've never take one loan in my life . 
  on the other hand my family 's income has been almost halved even though we 've been diligently paying every crazy tax that came our way . 
  how much have you sacrificed o heroic northener ? 
  i 'm being sarcastic of course , you 've given absolutely nothing , you just like to delude yourself that you did to put yourself above us poor hopeless fucks you give no shit about . 
  you think you 've had enough ? 
  you should see how fed up we are , as if our own problems were ' t enough we have to deal with deluded smug cunts like you who think are saving our poor ingrate hides to top it all . 
  please keep preaching your jolly fairy tail about frivolous greeks who wanted everything for free stealing from your dignified and honest northern pocket , honestly i do n't even care anymore . 
  i agree with every single point you made . 
  i fully recognise that it 's mostly our own fault we 're in this mess but i also think that the e.u. 
  could have done things a bit differently . 
  policy combined with the incompetence of our governments have led to this dead end we find ourselves in , it simply did n't help improve our situation at all even after 5 years of painful cuts and austerity the only thing they 've managed to do is make the people foot the bill of decades of state corruption and irresponsible spending while doing nothing to reform our corrupt state . 
  many people have had enough and now see the e.u. 
  as an institution just as corrupt and selfserving as our own previous governments hellbent on sadisticly punishing the people for the governments mistakes . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with them but its a fact that the e.u 's approach has alienated the people from the union and that 's what scares me most of all , i think it would be catastropbic both for greece and the union if greece were to exit . 
  ah yes that old '' lazy taxdodging greeks '' narrative again , seriously is bild all people like you read ? 
  hardly worked any hours in the week ? 
  where do you even read that crap anymore ? 
  spot on . 
  this is the sad truth . 
  greece was turned from one of the most pro european countries in the union , with more than 70 % approval of the e.u. 
  into maybe the most euro skeptic one in just five years . 
  in my opinion it was n't only the greek state that let greek people down but the e.u. 
  too and unless the e.u. 
  fundamentally reforms itself euro-skepticism will just keep increasing all over the continent . 
  greeks always looked towards europe as an example of how proper states should be , of what we backwards and undeveloped greeks should strive towards but all that has now changed , now europe for many greeks has turned into a ruthless oppressor , a self serving force that aims only to take advantage instead of providing help . 
  that needs to change . 
  this whole situation with greece must shock the e.u. 
  into finally deciding which direction it wishes to take . 
  europe must decide either if it wants further integration and unification or go back to being divided and irrelevant just like it was right after the end of ww2 . 
  i for one believe in a united europe with all my heart but unfortunately the trend is overwhelmingly the opposite and not just in greece . 
  needs to act fast and prove that it 's really invested in this union 's future by keeping itself together no matter the cost . 
  if greece is allowed to leave it 'll only serve as proof of the fragility of the whole project . 
  i still refuse to believe this shit 's for real , i 'm clearly in denial . 
  how on earth would meeting with putin right now help with the negotiations ? 
  it 'll only make them even more hostile towards tsipras . 
  wtf are these people thinking ? 
  nobody told them to turn our country into russia 's bitch . 
  these fuckers lied to us !!,
