yes . 
  damn good old times . 
  now only thing we do is watching the country getting more fucked up . 
  yeah i 'm also trying to find other sources but have n't find anything yet . 
  also in this one it does n't say when or where did he tell this . 
  prague is actually in the list . 
  it 's at 24 . 
  probably capital cities , otherwise it would be too hard to check all names and there would n't be any unknown . 
  well , might it be because this video is about ottoman empire and not origins of turks ? 
  renouncing is sometimes not easy also . 
  for example in turkey you can not renounce your citizenship without serving for military first . 
  because turkish people mostly see all country territories belongs to them and kurds are just kinda permitted by them to live in their territories . 
  do n't think sharia is a real danger for turkey . 
  ak party has two different elements , first one is religious , uneducated , poor people who believes everything erdo\u011fan says ; the second element is a bit educated people who wants power and wealth . 
  although first group is majority , administrative level of ak party belongs to second element . 
  keeping religious level just enough to gain support of religious people is enough for them to take what they want . 
  also as you said there 's not that many people who support sharia . 
  my only hope spot for turkey is vast power of erdo\u011fan . 
  he does n't want to share any of his power . 
  people are supporting and voting only for erdo\u011fan more than ak party . 
  he deported many people from party ( alsmost all founder members ) who was in key positions before to secure his absolute leadership . 
  so when he leaves the politicis , or dies , there wo n't be any strong politician in ak party nor a proper party structure since everyone will just play game of thrones to get biggest slice of the remaning cake . 
  but as long as erdo\u011fan is in politics , honestly i do n't have any hope . 
  terrorism just got worse since 2002 . 
  because turkey faced with real coups before , and none of them were any good for people . 
  guns ai n't good for anybody . 
  omg !, 
  prime minister y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m says we wo n't let this attempt of some groups in military . 
  all police officers called to headquarters in ankara . 
  i guess it 's not a coup but it 's a bit scary . 
  turkey for the new beans of eu !, 
  ( about a millennium later ), 
  but title is ` countries ' , not geographic areas . 
  well we 're doing that since last autumn , it works quite well except you have to go to work or school at 7 a.m. when it 's still all dark at outside . 
  i 'm in ankara but maybe it 's about local stores around me . 
  everywhere has ' \u00dclker \u00c7ikolotal\u0131 gofret ' or that square chocolates . 
  albeni is my favorite !, 
  but unfortunately it 's so underrated in turkey . 
  it 's hard to find it nowadays . 
  he is at fenerbah\u00e7e and not playing well at all . 
  funny thing is , just last night zaytung [ turkish version of onion , writing fake news ] wrote [ this ] ( http://www.zaytung.com/haberdetay.asp?newsid=319683 ) rough translation of text : the ministry of foreign affairs wants to prevent burning wrong flags by increasing the number of countries that we have political crisis . 
  minister says `` we 'll immediately start new crises with the countries have similar flags to netherlands , beginning with france . '', 
  because they worship totalitarianism and authoritarianism . 
  they love angry leaders who are always yelling randomly . 
  they think rest of the world do n't like erdo\u011fan because everyone is scared of turkey 's power . 
  erdo\u011fan wants to install presidential system without any control mechanism . 
  some hackers uploaded the mails of minister of energy and natural resources , who is also erdo\u011fan 's son-in-law , to github and other cloud services . 
  so i guess they thought it 's brilliant idea to just block all the websites have that files . 
  [ they have n't discovered that they can actually just block the pages contains the mails instead of blocking the whole server ] so you should store all important files in your computer in turkey if you have kind of demo or presentation coming , just in case if government blocks all the cloud services on the presentation day . 
  i 'm currently studying in university but i 'm thinking about moving to another country when i graduate . 
  of course we use vpns , although they 've started to block some vpn servers as well since last year . 
  of course every reasonable people is pissed off but most of pro-erdo\u011fan people do n't really use these website and the one uses thinks it 's necessary for the sake of turkey . 
  also nowadays twitter is the easiest way to find and arrest people ` insulting president ' on social media . 
  so i think erdo\u011fan likes twitter now . 
  yeah it was blocked for a while last year [ and funnily it seems i 'm not able to connect it now ] . 
  but we got used to it . 
  they even blocked cache server of google , googledrive , github , soundcloud and dropbox for awhile . 
  government is able to block websites without a court decision now , so i guess blocks are happening like this : - hey i found an insult to erdo\u011fan on this website . 
  - what is the address ? 
  - [ some random web site ] - okay blocked it . 
  a few hours later - hey a minister called and said that website was important for some companies . 
  - for companies ? 
  okay than i 'm unblocking it . 
  so whenever they block a website , we wait for a reasonable guy among them to tell they should n't ban it . 
  currently not but they slow it down for a while if something bad happens . 
  mayor of akp chose to pretend using water was enough and after court has ruled to stop demolishment of factory , he claimed people are behaving politically and generating unnecessary panic [ while the measurements show there are already high level of asbestos at living spaces around the factory ] . 
  well i guess they have friends or/and relatives in germany ( like all other turks ) . 
  yes it was named after ` hint ' which means hindu . 
  and we add ` istan ' [ but not always ] instead of ` land ' . 
  so it becomes hintistan . 
  but the ` t ' gets softer to 'd ' and the word turns to ` hindistan ' , which you can also understand turkeyland if you do n't know the context . 
  if there were a country literally belongs to turkeys , we also would also call it ` hindistan ' . 
  we call india ` hindistan ' which means turkeyland [ turkeyception ], 
  [ spotify version ] ( https://play.spotify.com/track/0zlhtdb5qftpfqrknw5xil ), 
  some of them are : 1-armenians were cooperating with russians and attacking turkish people . 
  it was them who started everything in the first place . 
  2-ottoman government did n't want to harm peaceful armenians because of bandit armenians but it was just war conditions , bad weather and muggers that killed them during the deportation . 
  also ottomans could n't spend enough money for deportation because of the war . 
  3-ottomans were planning to let them come to their lands after the war . 
  4-number of deaths are not much as armenian 's claim to be defined as genocide . 
  5-many turkish people also died because of armenian bandit 's attacks . 
  6-turkey offers to found a committee and investigate the ottoman archives but other countries do n't accept it . 
  7-armenians use this so-called-genocide just to get compensation and land . 
  8-it 's not ottoman government 's fault , it 's armenian bandits ' fault . 
  well because in history lessons in primary and high schools we have a topic about why it was n't a genocide and usually these lectures are only source of a turkish person . 
  this reminds me of gezi park protests in turkey . 
  good luck romanian friends , i hope you will be able to chage more things than us for your future . 
  translation for non-turkish redditers : today , to enter performance art i took a pineapple with me in ankara metro . 
  we really got interesting reactions . 
  staying serious was the hardest part . 
  even though they were unaware , thanks to all passengers for their contributions . 
  they made this special . 
  for the final version we still need more time . 
  by the way it seems end of this pineapple will not be good . 
  some people still give me hope for future of my country . 
  this happened just a few days before the new year . 
  probably it was the best gift that those children can take . 
  it was after world war ii . 
  you can check [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_peace_with_italy,_1947 ), 
  actually they [ made ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italo-turkish_war#treaty_of_ouchy ),
