   have you seen them ? 
  no , but i 've read a lot of statements coming directly from the army , not from politicians , and i trust them - i gave you sources in another comment . 
  they do n't have a political interest in choosing caracals . 
  on the other hand , waszczykowski has no prior experience in our military projects and he has to make statements supporting his party and their election promises . 
   that 's pretty much the nature of the aerospace industry . 
  ok , but it does n't make `` the jobs '' a reason for choosing a helicopter which does n't fulfil all military requirements . 
  that 's very interesting , because i have n't heard it before . 
  but i do admit that i made a mistake , the offer from agustawestland was rejected because they could n't deliver on the time . 
  the main reason for rejecting si-70i was : '' \u015bmig\u0142owiec sikorsky s-70i black hawk by\u0142 oferowany bez uzbrojenia '' which means in polish that it was unarmed which did n't fulfil a * formal * requirement . 
  the person speaking is a former deputy minister of the national defence who is referring to the information provided by the inspektorat uzbrojenia which is an agency responsible for buying , selecting and testing equipment for the army . 
  the helicopter was not selected for field tests . 
  which means that they changed the deadline twice to give more times for preparing the offers , but still both agustawestland and sikorsky offered helicopters which could n't formally accepted . 
  - technical requirements were : range of at least 700 km , ability to transport at least 16 soldiers in a full equipment and anti-tank missiles . 
  my mistake . 
  could you maybe point me to the source ? 
  i have n't heard anything about it . 
  thanks , i 'll watch it . 
  as far as i know , us is building a base in romania and they should place more advanced missile interceptors in a base in poland in 2018 - i think it 's the same thing , i.e. 
  nato missile defence system . 
  you 're right , absolutely , but if and only if nato start a real war in the defence of a member who was been attacked . 
  do you remember some counterexamples from the history ? 
  i like both us and europe , really , i respect them as our partners and allies , but as a realist i do n't believe them in 100 % . 
  there 's no place for personal feelings in the foreign policy and there ai n't no such a thing as a promise which ca n't be broken . 
  budapest memorandum did n't help a lot ukraine , unfortunately . 
  paper endures all . 
     i 'd like to see the source that has determined the lockheed product is worse , please . 
  our army did . 
  the offer from lockheed was rejected , mostly because : * they could n't deliver everything on the time * they did n't offer an armed helicopter * iirc correctly ( i 'd to recheck again ) s-70i does n't fulfil technical requirements and this is the most important part . 
  caracal is much bigger and allows for taking more soldiers and staff, 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're completely missing your point . 
  your reason for going with a us company was that we have to show a support for our ally to get a military protection for our country from a potential russian aggression . 
  but we have done that and the us government has broke the promise once . 
  why should we do it again ? 
  it 's not an argument against french helicopters . 
  there would be at least 50 machines built in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a ( we want to buy 50 helicopters ) . 
  waszczykowski is just supporting the views of current government and because he is responsible for the foreign affairs , i do n't believe that he has seen the documents at least once . 
  army was happy with the choice , politicians are not . 
  there would be job for people , but no one can guarantee that there wo n't be layoffs as soon as the program is finished . 
  airbus factory in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a ? 
  still controlled by army , no problems with jobs and service . 
  moreover , all the profits are going into the us corporation , not a polish company . 
  it wo n't help our arms industry . 
  do i have to add that machine offered by sikorsky/lockheed required buying additional weaponry in a separate transaction ? 
  it was all about selling worse product by using the false cause of supporting polish workers and industry . 
  it 's not about the price , it 's about the ideological views from current government ( they are very pro us , a little bit anti eu ruled by germany and france ) and the pressure from workers from lockheed factories . 
  some of them would be built in france , but after finishing the factory there would be at least 50 machines built in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , as many as we wanted to buy . 
  the last ones would probably go somewhere else . 
  absolutely not . 
  caracals are armed and lockheed offered an unarmed machine and expected us to pay more for guns and ammunition . 
  other people said it : we bought military equipment from you , we sent troops to afghanistan and iraq , we even let you torture prisoners on our soil ( of which i 'm absolutely ashamed ) . 
  what did we get from you ? 
  refusal to build missile shield , because obama wanted good relationships with russia . 
  how this makes you a better partner than france in troubles with our eastern neighbor ? 
  unfortunately that 's not true . 
  the factories are located in poland , but owned by lockheed . 
  us company tried to sell us older machine which did n't comply with the requirements , because they tried to use worker unions to create a pressure on the government . 
  on the other hand , airbus promised to invest into factory in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a which is now completely owned by the state and the service of machines would be controlled by the army . 
  caracal was the only machine which fulfilled requirements and army pilots liked it . 
  completely stupid decision , but it 's not surprising when you have people like macierewicz as the minister of defense . 
  no one will be able to clean this mess in the future . 
  in my personal opinion - because we have now quite good relations with germany , but russian government has put a lot of effort to restore its influence in eastern europe . 
  moreover , they have a tendency to deny obvious historical facts and put a lot of blame on us ( fall of communism , american puppets , traitors etc ) . 
  you can observe this in russian propaganda against current government in kiev , which is presented as nazi and fascist . 
  the memory of `` great patriotic war '' is being used to gain support for donbass rebels . 
  obviously , the aggression on poland , baltic states and finland is barely remembered . 
  unfortunately , for many people ( including historians ) soviet union saved the world from nazism and if they have done anything wrong , it had to be done for the greater good . 
  only those stupid poles are so ungrateful . 
  so a uk university working on global warming and using government to fund such research is a bad thing ? 
  hard to tell what your comment means , but that would be insane . 
  another two questions  is there a proof that they 're getting money ( loan , grant , anything ) from kremlin ? 
  if not , is there at least a reasonable suspicion ? 
  are they anti-nato ? 
  is afd very pro-kremlin in foreign policy ? 
     hah , same . 
  same here  i 've been there for two years ? 
  and got banned for one sarcasm suddenly . 
  no response from mods . 
   europe is an hostile area which will always exclude russia yeah , because russia has never used gas as an instrument of foreign policy and putting pressure on other countries . 
   yes but the goal was not to exterminate every single armenian . 
  you do n't have to burn whole villages or drown women and children to prevent an uprising . 
   i have a question for you : what particular thing convinced you that ottomans goal was to kill all armenians ? 
  the obvious similarity between this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_armenian_intellectuals_on_24_april_1915 and this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonderaktion_krakau https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intelligenzaktion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_ab-aktion_in_poland removing intelligentsia i.e. 
  teachers , professors , doctors , lawyers , writers , poets and anyone important for the community is a first step of taking control over a nation ( or ethnic group , however you call it ) . 
  a community without leaders is not able to organize itself and start any form of resistance . 
  i 'm trying to understand their pov . 
  is n't genocide a murderous ethnic cleansing ? 
  so what was the purpose of this extermination ? 
  what was the goal in killing people of armenian intelligentsia ? 
  which particular thing should convince me that the goal of ottoman empire was not to wipe out an entire nation ? 
  where should i see a difference between this event and what happened to my nation in wwii ? 
   not nearly to the same extent . 
  this is simply a fact . 
  that 's the problem . 
  no , it 's not a fact until you prove it is . 
  i 'd like to see a comparison showing that media has been more concerned and more aggresive with sochi than it is with brasil . 
   same way people of / r/europe have a tendency to believe any bullshit about russia , whether true or not . 
  and you are lynching negroes . . we 're talking right now about r/russia . 
  moreover , people can be here quite sceptical about many biased articles , but r/russia tends to believe in almost everything from russia-insider , rt or sputnik . 
  i 'm not implying that people in r/europe are perfect and always reject lies about russia , but i see the amount of bullshit about poland in r/russia . 
  moreover , look at this video .
