i do n't know how it works in other branches of economy , but i 'd never take an internship in it when i ca n't rent a room and pay for groceries from the salary . 
   three un organisations ( ilo , wto , and wipo ) actually made the decision in recent years to start paying their interns 1800 to 2200 francs per month . 
  is it enough ? 
  iirc the prices of renting a room can be very high in switzerland and swiss is considered to be an expensive country , even for a single student . 
  any proof of that ? 
  because i find it hard to believe that is fully legal an acceptable by society to use state pension fund to pay debts of state-owned companies . 
  so , if the pension fund is based on investments and not on generation renewal , then why the increase of pension ordered by the court is hitting the italian budget ? 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/651a8b6e-f7fd-11e4-8bd5-00144feab7de.html#axzz3f1p74xay if there is some money in this ` fund ' , then when they ca n't just spend it on increasing pension ( inflation ) ? 
  why the government has to give money ( and increase deficit ) ? 
  it 's not gon na matter when you 're 70 , unless you worked in a very physical work or in heavy industry . 
  social perks is one thing , pension system is a completely different issue . 
  the first one can be paid with money taken from `` the elites '' , the second one - absolutely not , this system burns money with astonishing speed . 
  it 's all about increasing life this gets better with every day and decreasing number of children . 
  because ? 
  what justifies this high and inhuman retirement age if you have already taken money from the elites ? 
   i know . 
  communism did n't manage to destroy down to the bone some of the countries behind the iron curtain . 
  beside hungary , ex-czechoslovakia and poland also got a lighter version of communism that allowed some intellectual resistance which greatly helped you during the transition to democracy / capitalism . 
  that 's true , we had the whole intelligence trying to fight with censorship . 
  it was much harder before 1953 , when you get send to a ` work camp ' for two years just for telling a joke . 
   look at scandinavia . 
  and still , each scandinavian country has been raising the retirement age for last few years . 
  and they all speak about going above 70 in the near future . 
  calling it ' a right ' does n't change the fact that you have to generate enough wealth to afford it . 
   do n't you realise there 's a `` war between poor '' going on , while the elite is benefiting from speculation and weakening of civil rights ? 
  no , i think it 's an ideological and simplistic view of the world where you use the simplest possible explanation , which fits your personal political views , and a little bit of conspiracy theory , to solve and describe complicated and complex social issues . 
   the money you pay in taxes is n't stored in a safe somewhere , it 's in bank accounts and it 's used to invest and gain more money . 
  it 's a fund . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but this is not true . 
  in bismarck 's system most of the money given to the government is not stored anywhere , it 's used directly for paying the rent . 
  your children pay for your pension . 
  it does n't have to involve any additional investments . 
  the key is the generational renewal - two children for two parents . 
  why is it that ? 
  because never the return from stock investments ( and they give the best profit ) will provide you enough money to beat the inflation and obtain a pile of money when you 're 60 . 
  i do n't think that in a long term it 's possible to get more than 10 % year ( and still without inflation and taxes ) . 
  even 2 % inflation will eat half of your money !, 
   you go working in greece for 45 years and tell me if it 's human . 
  it is human , humans have been working their whole life for centuries . 
  you can only give privileges if you can afford them . 
   what the hell , we 're giving up all the civil rights gained in the past century and think it 's even a right thing . 
  fuck that if i work 35 years it 's more than enough to pay my pension can you explain me how ? 
  you work 35 years , until circa 60 , and where do you want to get money from your pension for at least 20 years , if you want to get at least 50 % of last salary ? 
   do you see parallels yet ? 
  nope . 
  you forgot to add breaking the law and acting against these governmental institutions which ** can not ** be controlled by the ruling party . 
  actually , pis is a party which is closest to communists in their mentality - either you accept all their actions , never criticize and buy propaganda explanations ( `` all our opponents are traitors paid by germany/soros etc '' ) or you will be called a traitor and defender of postcommunist elites . 
  just look what happened to prof. staniszkis who used to be a strong ally of pis . 
   actually nearly every eu country outsources visa processing to a private company . 
  usa does it too , application and payments are processed by a private company . 
  at least in germany . 
   many of others said that he is better minister of defense that previous ones who ? 
  where ? 
   because he is in stronger position to do things which army needs that 's why the army budget has been decreased recently to get more money for social programs which has been promised by current government ? 
   macierewicz never change his views , he maintained the views that represented solidarity - you know those ( by todays standards ) `` nationalists far right-wingers '' who embraced nationalistic symbols , teamed up with church and whose leader always had picture of mary ( mother of jesus ) pinned to his jacket . 
  not necessarily . 
  `` solidarno\u015b\u0107 '' consisted of people coming from many different ideological groups and their economic goals were quite leftist . 
  in many aspects they were ideologically far away from right-wing groups . 
   maybe some of his stuff is n't accurate or misses the bigger picture , at least it gave some incentive to arrive at a more balanced view on these issues . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  he 's doing more harm than good , because people confronted with blatant lies tend to react more defensive . 
  his publications caused polarisation of the whole society , right-wing does n't accept or read his books at all , left-wing bans any criticism towards gross , either you agree with him in everything or you are an anti-semitic nationalist . 
   sorry but a history book being critical of poland being heavily criticised in poland does n't really say much considering poland 's `` discussion '' of it 's own history has for a long time been nothing more than a celebration and glorification of poland 's martyrdom and innocence it can say that many historians tend to treat his books as an example of publicism , not history itself . 
  i absolutely agree that a discussion on polish anti-semitism and actions during war is necessary , but we need a * discussion * . 
  not an ideological fairy-tale and it does n't matter if it comes from the left or the right wing of society . 
  he wrote one book to start it - good . 
  writing more bad books or going into interviews with foreign newspapers and saying quite crazy and unproven statements ... well , that 's hard not to criticize . 
  his books have been heavily criticized in poland for cherry-picking , manipulations and presenting a minor and extreme incidents as a norm in the society during war . 
  he 's writing on important problems , but his works are often highly subjective . 
  for example , his book `` golden harvest '' is inspired by a photograph of villagers caught robbing jewish remains . 
  however , this interpretation was given by a journalist and it 's probably not true . 
  the director of the museum said that gross visited them , but he was n't interested in the story of this photograph and different theories . 
  he just looked at the photo and left . 
  he 's not interested in facts , but in telling the story which , in my opinion , is influenced by his personal feelings towards poland and poles . 
   you could upgrade to the german level of stupid , if you order those for your navy . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  could you give me some links to this story , please ? 
  it can be in german . 
  no , you 're doing a classical `` and you are lynching negroes '' . 
  i 'm accusing macierewicz of forcing a worse choice due to a foreign factory located in poland and the pressure of workers unions . 
  he has been doing that since the campaign , he accused mon many times and never showed any proofs . 
  on the other hand , you are accusing someone of a very serious crime and there 's absolutely no proof of that . 
  you do n't have proofs , you do n't have any statements from the army which support your theory , you do n't have any opinions from independent experts . 
  what do you have except of political propaganda and lies ? 
   well , the airbus model was actually the worst , as many military experts stated before , and this was actually the chopper nobody wanted ... give a proof . 
  nobody wanted ? 
  what about the army itself ? 
   if you know beforehand who is going to take part in the bidding , it 's a no-brainer to make the requirements such as necessary to select whomever you want to select , and in poland it is a regular occurrence . 
  the requirements allowed agusta to propose nh90 , but they would have to share the profits with airbus and fokker . 
   rather shitty proof ? 
   is not going to be totally thrown out the window , but a new bidding will be started and a good offer will be chosen , not the one that po politicians took most bribes for . 
  a blatant lie . 
  any proofs ? 
   well , the mess is here now , done through the last 8 years , and macierewicz is trying to clean it up . 
  nope . 
  siemoniak was one of the best people in this department in history . 
  many modernization programs were late or even close to being terminated . 
  last year we have spent over 98 % of the budget which is an all-time record : http://dziennikzbrojny.pl/artykuly/art,2,4,9547,armie-swiata,wojsko-polskie,realizacja-wydatkow-na-modernizacje-sil-zbrojnych-rp-w-2014-roku we have reduced the number of generals : http://www.wprost.pl/ar/458873/maleje-liczba-generalow-w-polskiej-armii/ a lot of good things have happened in the army in last few years . 
  macierewicz with his people are saying all time that `` we have a horrible mess '' , `` the army is in a tragic state '' , but they are not showing any proofs . 
   you almost say that as if it 's a bad thing ... ideological views or the pressure from workers ?
