  look at the child crucifixion lie . 
  look at the fake documents about navalny ( you 're going to find a lot of comments in r/russia stating that these documents have to be true and the quality of english there is fine , even thought a lot of native speakers say it 's otherwise ) . 
  look at the latest case : http://www.bbc.co.uk/monitoring/top-russian-tv-presenter-justifies-nazi-fake it 's not biased , it 's not manipulated , it 's an insolent lie . 
  and they are not even ashamed of it . 
  i do n't think that we 're equal in believing in media bullshit . 
  or producing such content . 
   was n't this guy significant in the defeat of nazi germany ? 
  so we have to forget that he betrayed his allies and praise him by having a monument ? 
  somehow russians ca n't understand that `` a good act does not wash out the bad , nor a bad act the good . 
  each should have its own reward '' . 
  you 'll find red army in history books , in history lessons in high school , polish children are being taught ( maybe russians are not aware of that ) that red army has fought with nazi germany and got rid of them from poland . 
  there 's no reason to praise someone who was not a hero . 
  heroes do n't commit mortal sins . 
  we have monuments dedicated to everyone who fought and died in wwii on polish soil . 
  actually , city nowa s\u00f3l has created such monument in place of an old one which was praising only the brotherhood between polish army and red army - in a city which has not seen any battle in neither 1944 nor 1945 . 
  guess the reaction of russia . 
  demading from us to praise and glorify people who have not only fought with nazis , but have also killed , tortured and sent innocent poles to prisons and gulags , is just insulting . 
   which is n't untrue . 
  ussr 's economy was not sustainable , it could not perform for a longer period of time , it was dependent on oil and gas exploration . 
   source ? 
  i ca n't imagine many russians believe this - first time i hear about it . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/3ev604/russian_currency_edges_closer_to_60_against/ctjhiqi?context=3  failed to protect the public from foreign propaganda that created a cycle of demotivation and low productivity in the economy . 
  once you tell people their system sucks , someone else 's is better , and there will be `` reform '' , people just stop working and start stealing . 
  which is why russia needs stalin . 
  he 's one of the most active users there . 
    no russian will claim poland is more corrupt than russia . 
  that was not my point . 
  putin has an image of tough leader who cares about the country and someone who has fought with corruption , but the transparency index proves that he was less successful than chaotic polish democracy . 
  well , i had great discussions there few times . 
  but in the end , i had the same feeling as you - it was too tiring to read all this obvious lies and try to convince people who do n't accept any proofs . 
  sometimes it feels like an alternative reality . 
  i 've been there for some time , but it was really hard to hold a discussion . 
  people tend to blame west for everything and always change topic when russia 's fault are discussed . 
  if a western newspaper is writing a sharp article on sochi , i.e. 
  bribery , environmental impact , then it 's a western attack on russia . 
  no way to show and prove that qatar or brasil has been criticized too for organizing sport events , no critique from west is allowed . 
  i could find people believing rt/sputnik articles quoting a `` polish political journal '' which has been calling for better relations with russia and loosing ties with usa . 
  problem is i ( as a pole ) has never heard about this journal , no one has , it 's quite new , not connected to any research institute , mostly unknown and supported by foundation russkiy mir . 
  poland is moving to museum a monument of [ soviet general , who betrayed polish allies and helped with arresting and sending them to nkvd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_chernyakhovsky#1944:_responsibility_for_the_liquidation_of_polish_anti-nazi_resistance_in_wilno ) ? 
  those ungrateful pollacks betraying slavs to be western puppets , we should let nazis kill all of them . 
  countries joining nato voluntarily ? 
  no , it 's nato which aggressively moves towards russia borders . 
  someone wrote once that it 's the only sub which unironically accepts sputnik news . 
  sometimes you will hear astonishing bullshit , e.g. 
  stalin did a lot of good and smart things , he created a strong industrial country and ussr had a very strong economy - it was just a capitalist propaganda which made workers unmotivated and collapsed the economy . 
  russia increased their position in international transparency index by 20-30 % ? 
  good , we have a great president who is really hard on bribery and destroying corrupted politicians and oligarchs . 
  poland had a much higher position in the beginning , but still increased their position by circa 50 % ? 
  western bullshit and false data , no one treats it seriously . 
  i 'm not making this up !, 
  these are all real discussions from different , but very active users there . 
  surprisingly many of them live in western europe , canada or usa . 
  good times ;-), 
   razem also protests separately . 
  but they are against pis in the conflict between government and tk . 
  korwin too , just check latest interview with korwin . 
  hard to tell , they are a mix of people with completely different views , but the whole mess on voting for the new judge shows their ( at least partial ) support for protecting independence of our constitutional court . 
  so u/perkel666 was right - they are against pis on tk case . 
  somehow you seem to misunderstand `` tk '' and `` kod '' . 
  you can easily support our courts from the government trying to control them and not support neither po nor tk . 
  razem is a perfect example . 
  i share the very same view . 
   and while tampons and pads often do not fall into that category , a number of other less-crucial items enjoy tax-exempt status in many states , including razors . 
  so tampons are taxed as luxury goods , but razors considered necessities . 
  can you give me an example of state where razors are exempt from a sales tax ? 
  i 've seen several people claiming exactly the same thing as you do but i have a hard time verifying it . 
   its referring to tampons being considered ` luxury items ' which then puts them in a higher band of taxation . 
  i failed to find a state where there is no sales tax on razors but maybe i did a poor research here . 
  on the other hand , similar claim in the uk has been debunked by the bcc - razors have a higher taxation rate than tampons :  `` it is absurd that while men 's razors , children 's nappies and even products like jaffa cakes , exotic meats and edible cake decorations are free from vat , women are still having to pay additional costs on what is already an expensive yet vital product , '' said snp mp alison thewliss . 
   as poldi is german . 
  he 's both . 
  polish-born with polish and german citizenship . 
  no worries , same thing in poland . 
  every public project spends much more than promised and we think that the it 's the only place on earth where it happens . 
  although looking at the numbers of this philharmony or the new berlin airport , it really looks that slavs are amateurs . 
  barely 100 % overrun or few years of delay . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
   that does n't take much , an application , passport photocopies , documents that prove their ancestry , marriage and family status , education and work experience . 
  they also accept recommendation letters from previous employers , and prefer that the applicant has documents that prove his work experience for the past 10 years . 
  i guess they are not interested in taking anybody but skilled workers to support their own economy and hurt lithuania . 
  what does it say in the paragraph with an email address and a telephone number ? 
   biggest russian mistakes was fighting world war ii or maybe invading countries together with nazis ? 
  the predator becomes the prey , what a surprise . 
   premier mikolajczyk was in russia on july 30th . 
  where he was told by biera that stalin will not support the uprising . 
  can you give a source for that ? 
  and i assume you meant beria ? 
   i read the city ( aachen ) will also distribute free iodine tablets soon . 
  i 've seen a pharmacy on adalbertsteinweg advertising iodine tablets , but this is a new level of paranoia . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
   is there a specific issue with it , or just anti-nuke people ? 
  i live in aachen , people here are crazy about it . 
  a good 25 % of homes has at least one window with `` stop tihange '' poster . 
   it 's from a ridiculously biased book that basically portraits poland/the commonwealth as the centre of righteousness , democracy and everything good in the world and everyone else ( especially germans , russians and swedes ) as evildoers out to destroy it , so i would n't give those numbers to much credence . 
  which book ? 
  great chocolate studentsk\u00e1 and brilliant singer nohavica . 
  and we like them much more than they like us :(, 
   why is the north coast of russia so rich ? 
  is it oil ?
