  it has just been talked up as being an issue by the press and sometimes the government as cover for the reality of what it says on immigration and the reality . 
  people in work are the last people we should be concerned about , but unfortunately are easier targets than illegals and actual societal issues . 
  to be honest i have interpretted some media signals as cameron preparing to push it in to 2017 as we are getting off to a bad start so far this year . 
  i think it will depend how the next few months go . 
  if it is looking good then june or september . 
  if things get worse i could definitely see this being played for time . 
  i think the original rush was due to french elections ? 
  but i guess that can change depending on other factors . 
  as far as i am aware the migrant benefits is realistically meaningless . 
  literally is just for the frothing at the mouth about immigrants and scroungers daily mail types . 
  it is also a complete disgrace that our government is presenting such a miserly and discriminatory image of public opinion . 
  i do not see how allowing the government that as you say is the worst enemy of the population decide how they would like for us to be run could therefore be a good thing ? 
  the benefits is really a political football that really means nothing . 
  that is indeed the general anti-terror strategy that people would see employed . 
  the second does chime more with what the british expect from the french . 
  have you ever heard of the bait and switch tactic ? 
  i am not defending but many people read it so you know it does have an impact . 
  i guess it beats naval engagements ? 
  do you understand that is the exact point of view from the other side ? 
  worst part of it is that anyone attempting to queue jump has already failed their british integration test . 
  people in the uk are more concerned with the tyranny of the eu than parliament . 
  you seem to have never read the daily mail ? 
  if this is the case this may explain your view on human rights :p, 
  erm not exactly sure what you are saying here ? 
  cameron is making us bet by voting in the referendum ? 
  i mean yes it is a decision with an uncertain outcome ? 
  to which part ? 
  was there a point in your comment ? 
  money is not the be all and end all . 
  hahahahahahahaha very good . 
  league of gentlemen ? 
  so you are saying i am indeed right and this is all in the eu 's favor and there is no incentive for them to do anything but grab as much power as possible ? 
  i will not be putting money on that assumption . 
  you can say that but if the eu is going down then there is no need for us to go down with the ship . 
  it is more to do with decisions being based on this in the future i would expect . 
  well it has not been every country for itself . 
  it has been countries expecting european action , nothing happening leading to countries to realize this is all in the favor of the eu and therefore only national action can be taken . 
  the idea that any more responsibility or power should be given to the eu is madness . 
  this crisis has plainly shown the idea of pan-european solidarity is a joke and in reality the world is not a socialist utopia . 
  well ? 
  difficult to say really it could be playing into their hands . 
  though at the same time i think perhaps they were banking on a pan-european identity that does n't really exist . 
  therefore nationalist feelings being stoked would probably count as backfiring yes . 
  sort of a wait and see at the moment . 
  spot on . 
  the eu themselves are doing it , not even a conspiracy really . 
  i would have said the direct aim was to destabalize every nation state in the eu then consolidate power . 
  realistically i would say it is all about the tax money and who is in control . 
  how else can the eu consolidate power ? 
  well we can start of with a few points and hopefully it will lead somewhere productive . 
  i am more than willing to be convinced to the remain side but as it stands i am in the leave camp . 
  - democracy - one of my main reasons to fall into the leave camp is my preference for the democratic governing of this country to be done in this country as far as is possible . 
  in addition to this i fail to see how the population of the uk is in anyway involved in eu politics or ever will be in the future . 
  - immigration - regardless of current immigration and what exactly can be done or not done in the immediate future is not my primary concern . 
  however the current situation does inform me with regards to the future . 
  when i consider this i can only wish to vote out as my faith in the eu 's ability to handle such an issue is zero , combined with the fact there looks to be very little movement to combat global warming current migrations are likely to be a drop in the ocean . 
  - eurozone - if the uk had joined the euro then i believe we would already consider our position to be irreversible . 
  however this is not currently the case and there seems ( to me ) to be no appetite for the uk to join the euro . 
  therefore again i struggle to see a reason we should wish to be part of a political union that is increasingly moving towards closer union centered on a single currency . 
  this is by no means an exhaustive list but i felt these were good points to start . 
  your words no compute . 
  maybe if you explain what you are actually asking i can give a clear answer ? 
  the issue of if the uk should leave the eu or have i got lost somewhere ? 
  fair enough , though i stand by the point of separating the eu from europe . 
  i had n't thought so but i will admit to sinking to a lower level . 
  i am really waiting to be convinced of the case for the eu . 
  i really wish i could be convinced but the more time i spend considering the more convinced i am that the uk would be better of out . 
  do not worry i was not going to apologize for your in ability to be reasonable . 
  who knows you may calm down before the vote and think about the issue . 
  that was not how it came across so sorry for the misunderstanding !, 
  though it is a rather ironic action considering your lack of substance ? 
  again not really a surprise for a remain voter who is unwilling to even consider their position . 
  why bother to argue on the internet if you do not want to actually want to consider the situation . 
  i would have no problem with it leading to the breakup of the uk . 
  not sure why this would be ironic specifically though ? 
  also i am rather kind of confused by the rest of what was said ? 
  so that was a yes on reading comprehension . 
  i would think this was deliberate but as you are a remain voter i will chalk it up to poor reading comprehension . 
  one can hope . 
  many of us do n't want to suffer from the short term greed of hopefully a minority . 
  it is the eu that we want to leave not europe . 
  though it does seem many are invested in doing away with the idea that there is a difference . 
  i was n't trying to argue with you , which is the part you seem unable to accept ? 
  eating my words that were meant as you say they were ? 
  on noes !, 
  do not forget the use of perfume . 
  i apologies for confusion but my comment was not relating to the legal argument/criticism , i can see you would rather discuss that issue but unfortunately ca n't help you there !, 
  so they are not changing it then i am confused ? 
  hopefully the outcome is different !, 
  so you agree that these things actually do n't matter as regardless of legality they happen anyway . 
  i would argue that it does , i ca n't think of anything that would make a law less legitimate than the citizens under said laws do not understand them . 
  especially as it would seem the main benefit people gain from understanding these laws are how best to avoid falling foul of them . 
  i will admit my interest in anything eu is regarding the uk referendum rather than any love for correct procedure and protocol . 
  though i guess the majority of stories that will have an impact are those that are in the media a week or two before the vote . 
  not even arguing it nullifies the argument honestly . 
  i just try to look at things from an emotional stand point rather than a rational one . 
  as unfortunately few people are realistically interested in technicalities , in my experience anyway . 
  i was not making a technical or legal case . 
  i was making the emotional one that considering the current political situation in the eu it is rather rich to criticize . 
  i personally would not count on a constitution to protect me from the government .
