what test ? 
  you seem to be saying you like the idea but it has n't played well in practice ? 
  though this is my attempt and deciphering your point . 
  i know exactly how the politicians are lying about the nature of the eu to the uk electorate but hopefully these untruths are becoming ever more apparent and soon we shall be able to vote out . 
  it is less in sweden and there is nothing guaranteeing germany does n't change this and even if they do n't just because we are not talking about an issue tomorrow does n't mean if something can be done to prevent it now that it should n't . 
  just so we are clear where do you stand on the success of the euro ? 
  that is the plan !, 
  you are under the impression the uk was a cheerleader of the euro and did n't join for a mysterious reason unknown to all ? 
  those with sense and without their snout in the gravy . 
  you do realise that is not the case ? 
  this seems like it might have mattered before obama ? 
  now that you have made a lovely mess of your straw man do you have a comment on my point ? 
  literally not even close to my point i am afraid . 
  my point being that if being part of the eu leads to london having closer links to brussels than the rest of the country then i ca n't see how this is good or desirable . 
  it would seem to me to be completely the opposite and bad for the electorate . 
  also i am not sure what you are trying to achieve by stating mentality is mental ? 
  this seems rather self evident so sorry if i am missing your point ? 
  the problem then of course being that ttip is a secret and i do n't know what i am actually objecting to ? 
  this is a terrible argument for the eu from the perspective of anyone outside of london . 
  quite rightly . 
  also very difficult to explain why we need more political institutions to improve job prospects for failed politicians while reducing the prospects for the working class . 
  not sure on denmark but there is zero presence of the eu ( not counting the fact the referendum is blowing up ) in the uk with regards to any politics . 
  i hear only negative things regarding the eu so it is difficult to say one should get involved in a process that appears to be designed to prevent participation . 
  edit for extra info : last uk mep elections had a 35.6 % turnout . 
  what representatives ? 
  what vote ? 
  kfc is outside my gym , such a fucking tease . 
  i am not sure i want to think about living in a higher fast food density than i currently do . 
  ah just had to google stormfront but i guess there are always daft people on the internet ? 
  it is slightly better than dealing with them in real life though . 
  cameron is starting to panic now !, 
  really he should have just been straight about the whole issue , he is pissing the eurosceptics off anyway . 
  what about mcdonalds ? 
  ( also a mile but in the other direction ) . 
  were you asking why or answering your own question ? 
  hmm so you would say it has nothing to do with the ongoing political situations ? 
  citation ? 
  just curious but how close is your nearest kfc , mine is within a mile . 
  the problem is they are both selling a product they know people do n't want , therefore they have to do some gymnastics along the way . 
  it is political smoke and mirrors to try and convince the public that this is an issue and the main issue they should have with the eu . 
  have you ever heard the term red herring ? 
  i was saying that it looks like we have a good chance of leaving . 
  though i am not sure i understand exactly what special treatment you had in mind ? 
  i would not worry about it if i were you . 
  i think you may have hit it on the head there with the idea vs the reality being the issue . 
  how much would you be willing to bet ? 
  the issue is not really a migrant one , it is more a eu crisis because it has been completely unable to arrive at a decision on what to do . 
  what if the mistake is caused by ideology ? 
  i have a bridge the eu might like to buy come to think of it . 
  not really , i think that it is mostly the politicians that care and talk that kind of bullshit up to voters . 
  in reality i do n't believe it is of any benefit to us and feel we could be much happier minding our own business . 
  i mean it is n't like our politicians make stands on deeply held moral conviction anyway . 
  just cheap quotes for cheap votes . 
  not sure what is meant by confess a bit more to europe ? 
  as it stands i ca n't imagine how fucked the uk would be if it votes to stay in the eu . 
  all what in greece the destroyed boats of smugglers ? 
  yeah , i was just remembering the general feeling i had from this at the time was that at the moment at which people are drowning in the seas sending in a destroyer seem callous . 
  what a difference a year makes !, 
  i was thinking [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32776688 ), 
  solidarity is only important when it is other countries showing solidarity with those in charge . 
  does depend on the solution , ` we told you so . ', 
  is looking to be the situation at the moment . 
  did n't cameron float this idea a year ago and get roasted for it ? 
  they are really pushing for it more and more . 
  it is so full of mindless drivel . 
  lol, 
  i am really not understanding what you are either saying or believe ? 
  it is the uk 's fault that there is a shanty town in france ? 
  typical that something in france is the uk 's fault especially blaming it on the borders as if it is an unnatural arrangement . 
  doing it 's best ? 
  hahahahahahahahaha nice one . 
  can they get any wider ? 
  i did ? 
  what would you say the benefits are and what work is not going to be done ? 
  not sure what your point is or what safeguards you are referring to ? 
  also your definition of mob rule ? 
  on noes !, 
  this is what happens when countries practice democracy incorrectly !, 
  damn those voters !, 
  where are you from that this is not the standard stereotype of students in general ? 
  in a way it is adorable that people can be so full of it . 
  i did n't realize it was legal to make someone stateless ? 
  as in when they throw away any identification and then say they are a refugee . 
  people that like to squat instead of getting a job . 
  in what way do we not ? 
  your last comment is the thoughts of most europeans regarding the situation . 
  just because politicians want to virtue signal everyone else has to suffer . 
  people that like jeremy corbyn are lefties , unfortunately for the lefties we currently seem to be hitting the wall with what people can take from altruism and political correctness to the nth degree . 
  well benefits ` abuse ' is problematic for the system in general as there are certainly people from the uk that game the system , so this can be dealt with singularly i would have thought . 
  i guess i just find the tone of the benefits issue to be pointless when there are more important issues and this smacks of pandering to thoughtlessness . 
  as part of the eu all are citizens unless we leave , my point is n't that i do n't think some things should n't be rethought , just that this was the most pointless and offensive thing that could actually be done in this situation . 
  i am not sure what your point with china is ? 
  seems rather distant from this whole issue to be honest , out of all countries you could attempt to making a comparison with ? 
  yes . 
  i would hold the uk government to a higher standard than the chinese government . 
  if they are legally allowed by policy to live and work here i do n't feel it is fair to create a discriminatory environment . 
  does n't benefit anyone . 
  as far as i am aware of the actual figures it can be argued either way though i have never heard this truly described as any kind of sizable or serious issue . 
  regardless of that the idea that someone who is here legally should be discriminated against in anyway is appalling .
