  it 's actually the opposite , they are dark and potato-less . 
  and have poor grammar . 
  examples : three latvian are brag about sons . 
  `` my son is soldier . 
  he have rape as many women as want , '' say first latvian . 
  `` zo ? '' second say , `` my son is farmer . 
  he have all potato he want ! '' third latvian wait long time , then say , `` my son is die at birth . 
  for him , struggle is over . '' `` wow !, 
  you are win us , '' say others . 
  but all are feel sad . 
  q : what is happening if you cross latvian and potato ? 
  a : this is cruel joke . 
  please , no more . 
  q : how many latvian is take screw in light bulb ? 
  one screw in , 24 ride bicycle generator for 1-hour shift . 
  but time probably better spend search food . 
  q : what are one potato say other potato ? 
  a : premise ridiculous . 
  who have two potato ? 
  man is hungry . 
  he steal bread to feed family . 
  get home , find all family have gone siberia !, 
  `` more bread for me , '' man think . 
  but bread have worm . 
  flanders is more of central western than northern though , is n't it ? 
  maybe he really likes latvia jokes ? 
  i think german teacher may work in lots of countries . 
  anywhere north of denmark ( included ) and west of the ex-soviet bloc . 
  i ca n't stand the summer heat here , and compared to my country , it 's nealry utopian . 
  came here to say this . 
  i think it should be something like targoviste , iasi and cluj should be on this map . 
  on the other hand , some may consider the birth of the stat when the principates united , in 1859 , when the capital was proclaimed at bucharest . 
  probably we-don ` t-care-man or captain we 'll - do-it-tommorow , helped by his sidekick , corruption boy !, 
  i personally like timisoreana ( please do n't hit me ) . 
  bergenbier is also pretty decent , along with ursus . 
  staropramen is my favourite import one , along with guiness, 
  the flip flops are the least banable thing on that list !, 
  out of curiosity , what is the first worst alcoholic beverage you drank ? 
  i feel like the shit they call beer on the seaside/at festivals , which is like 60 % water belongs on this list . 
  also , neumarkt tastes like horse piss . 
  have n't drank noroc in a while , but i remember it was the go-to cheap beer to drink with seeds when i was a younger ... 
  in romania we call it transnistria , which basically means beyond the nistru ( dnepire ) river . 
  the russians say it differently ... 
   underground electronic music scene not too sure about that , only electronic music i know of here is crappy pop stuff . 
  then again , i 'm not really into electronic music . 
  speaking of music the romanian punk scene could be more populated ... 
  i think it 's spelled transnistria, 
  yep . 
  that seems like my country . 
  i can send one from romania , but i have no idea how much it would cost to send to sf, 
  that . 
  so much that !, 
  and a better reputation ( we are not all gypsy ! ), 
  i 'm with timisoreana ( both blonde and black ) and i should add ( altough it 's not romanian ) that i fell in love with staropramen, 
  also school started ( yepeee ) poor radio guerrila , one of the few station that did n't blast mainstream pop music 24/7 . 
  maybe it will come back . 
  i intended that mostly as a joke :d but , since you said that , i must point out : traditional clothing in the entire eastern europe looks similar , people had to do with few materials so they came out with similar designs . 
  the music does sound a lot alike , but we are neighbours after all . 
  the food is mostly ottoman-influenced , because you know , the ottomans had the balkans under their left foot and romania just short of the right one . 
  i do agree , we have lots in common , i said what i said up there as a sarcastic joke :d, 
  the albanian argument i never heard before , but the only similarities i know are the words from the daco-thraco word base , seeing as the albanians had some common ancestors . 
  it 's kind of saying that british people are actually french because they have some words in common . 
  also for that , by the 14th century the entire region spoke slavic , hungarian or greek , but most of the romanian language is latin , so where did that come from . 
  also , the religion part , christianity was found in modern-day romania from roman times ( st andrews cave ) , while orthodoxy only apeared in 1054 , during the great schism . 
  most of the ancient written records do confirm your theory , but you must remember who wrote them ( austro-hungarians ) , who were trying to integrate romanians into hungraian society in transylvania . 
  at this point most hungarians go batshit crazy and feel insulted , i hope i didnt insult you , i just think of this as an academic debate . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  vampires ( strigoi ) were a part of romanian folklore since the dacian times iirc, 
  not really , we do n't like anything to do with the balkan people . 
  tradition is that the guys give girls martisoare , especially in school ( 1st of march in grad school was a clusterfuck , giving the nicest one to your crush and such ) guys still sometimes wear a red and white bracelet for a few days , but people are forgetting tradition quickly . 
  i once read something about curent , a really funny article stating that we romanians are the only ones who believe in it . 
  after that i started noticing people all the time : close the door when the window is open , the curent will give me a headache !, 
  every time i go to a church or somewhere with cyrillics in romanian , i try to read them . 
  i ussually just stare at them a few minutes then give up . 
  oh god eurovision made me cringe hard . 
  i would have rather sent florin salam, 
  it was quite popular in romania too . 
  for a while the radio was full of it . 
  dragostea din tei it 's called . 
  those damn arabs, 
  i ussually do n't celebrate the 14th , only the 24th . 
  truth be told , february/march are a man 's nightmare , there 's like 4 ocassions where i have to get my so or my mum or my sister or someone some kind of gift, 
  do not take this as offensive , i want to clarify stuff : romania as a state existed , it was called wallachia , and its sister state moldova . 
  transylvania was part of hungary , but never an integral part , as most of the population ( 80 % or more ) was romanian , and were always , we just didnt get a state formed soon enough and bam part of hungary . 
  the whole hungary vs romania is kind of meh , but that is what i was taught in school . 
  sorry to say this , they usually are . 
  the situation is similar to the rednecks in the us , they have their own crappy music , are uncivilised , illiterate , get married to cousins underage . 
  ( the rromi , roma or gypsyes , however you call them, 
  it kind of is , at least in my region ( muntenia/south transylvania ) . 
  most villages have a main street , from which smaller streets ( ulite ) branch out , usually with 20 or so houses, 
  my local orthodox priest thinks its a waste of money, 
  back in high school , as an experiment , i drew a line with a pen on mi wrist every time i said `` pula '' or anything containing it . 
  47 times in a day is n't that bad ^ right ? ^ right ? 
  anyways , most people under 30 use it , if not so much in public , they surely do with friend , even girls say it . 
   very fast internet . 
  i always thought my internet was cheap and crappy , then found out many people in the us/canada/western europe pay lots of money for limited amounts of traffic ( 30gb/month ? 
  how do you live with that ) at crappy speeds . 
  suddenly , unlimited data on 100mb/s for about 15 euro a month is not that bad . 
  i would recomment the sibiu-brasov-sighisoara-valea prahovei area to anyone , beautifull places , not expensive , nice people . 
  source : i live there,
