absolutley nothing - ohoooh say it again y' all originally by norman whitfield and edwin starr iirc, 
  finally a graphic where romania is n't in the last or top 3 . 
  same accent if you 're from the north-east . 
  how do you know i 'm not actually antena 3 ? 
  for anyone wondering , antena 3 is like the fox news of romania , and the people in the street are mostly indoctrinated old people who believe the media manipulation done by voiculescu . 
  as for other romanian expressions/words , we have lapovita , which describes a kind of rain with a little snow in it , and bruma , which is essentially frozen dew . 
  no , they usually have other jobs here or are unemployed . 
  fruit picking is n't as much of an industry here . 
  thanks for being the second person to tell me today . 
  seriously , i think i have a problem . 
  they do n't live off that , they send the money back home , and when the season is over , come back and usually work here . 
  also , you miss the main point . 
  free strawberries !, 
  also , to answer op , i would do mostly anything . 
  nothing military since i am a pacifist , or anything to gross . 
  probably less than gazprom charges . 
  i actually think our kings were excluded from the hohenzollern family during ww1 at the orders of the kaiser because we kind of fought them . 
  which strangely , apart from the lyrics , is exactly the same as russia 's current anthem, 
  party like it 's 1989 !, 
  kind of like that , with an oriental twist . 
  if you 're curious , you can google manele . 
  i do n't know about other countries roma , but here in romania , they also have their `` culture '' televised , along with their music , and it 's nothing to be proud about . 
  it 's probably one of the most pathetic excuses for entertainment i 've ever seen , with them bragging about thier money and stealing and swearing and who knows what else . 
  it 's usually them and the lower classes of romanians who partake in this stuff ( poor country people and `` cocalari '' ) . 
  to give you an example , every few months they appear on the news for going and having barbeques in graveyards , on the graves of people , with mici , bere and manele . 
  as for the immigrants , yes , most of them go out to beg/steal/both , and in turn kind of ruin the image of our otherwise okay country . 
  well , if you look at it , the interwar period ( 1919-1939 ) is fairly similar to the post-1989 period of romanian history . 
  you have significant changes in the social order , economic growth followed by recession then a kind of stabilization , an improvement in foreign relations , a fairly democratic society , albeit a bit corrupt , blooming tourism , etc. 
  altough we did n't see the rise of right-wing parties yet , like the legionnaires in the 30 's , the rest of europe is doing it , and we 'll probably do it soon enough . 
  also , if you ask many older people about the golden age , they will probably say 1965-1977 . 
  still in use in provincial romania . 
  damn , i used to go to school in one of these . 
  bird poop or cia airstrike ? 
  most of these are interchangeable with romania . 
  i 've always wanted to ask though , do you guys have mici in rep. moldova ? 
  however they are spelled . 
  the little 8-shaped things . 
  the other nordic countries dissapointed me in this thread , but you swedes never betrayed my trust !, 
  in the south-east we still make it quite often, 
  yep , it 's called potato salad here too . 
  i seriously never heard about them . 
  not surprising , since i just found out there are 2 types of macinici . 
  so like kebab or shaworma ? 
  it 's not necessarily religion , it 's corruption both in the government and the church, 
  i do n't remember exactly , but i think the court ruled it was fake . 
  still , i do n't really care either way , it 's just a publicity stunt in my opinion . 
  if i remember correctly , someone said his oponent , nastase , was uncultured and did n't read . 
  basescu said this to probably emphasize he read , and to bash his oponent , accusing him of having anal sex in his spare time insead of reading . 
  translation : winter is not like summer . 
  winter always comes , it may surprise the press , but not us . 
  said by traian basescu , now president of romania , then mayor of bucharest , in response to everyone being surprised by snow blocking the roads , which happens like every year . 
  translated - it 's much better , in my opinion , to read on a ship ( he was a sailor ) than having anal sex . 
  context : he was bashing another politician , adrian nastase and another one by him :  s\u0103-\u0163i fie ru\u015fine , dinu patriciu !, 
  translated : shame on you , dinu patriciu !, 
  this was his response to a fake video by one of the other candidates in the elections . 
  the phrase has been widely used by comedy shows and in the shape of internet humor . 
  and a little british car, 
  no , we romanians do n't like loose ends . 
  we just replaced all the journalists of course . 
  may i inquire about you having no country ? 
  how did that happen , did you renounce citizenship or something ? 
  brace for the inevitable latvia potato jokes coming, 
  not an italian , but i learned about you guys in school , seems a pretty nice place to visit . 
  too bad vatican and monaco kind of steal the spotlight when it comes to really small countries . 
  first thing that comes to mind when i hear about san marino is a picture of a castle on a cliff . 
  high school student , can confirm . 
  bits and pieces about austro-hungary , a few kings here , an emperor there . 
  mostly about your involvement in transylvania and the oriental problem , and a bit about the 1848 revolution . 
  after that you 're included in the ww1 lesson and then we learn you get anschluss-ed . 
  the end . 
  sorry if this may sound racist , but i have never met one gypsy who wasnt the stereotypical unwashed beggar ... 
  sadly that is true . 
  one of the shames of the romanian people ( we are n't all gypsyes ) . 
  we have entire villages which were once poor shanty towns full of gypsyes and are now full of palaces , three-story villas with golden walls . 
  and i 'm not even joking . 
  romania is pretty nice during the winter , especially the valea prahovei/brasov/sibiu / sighisoara and the maramures regions . 
  and if you make it around the same time as the old-style holidays ( russians , moldovans , serbs and many others celebrate them here ) you 're in for a great party . 
  also i see you are british , and prince charles i think said lots of nice stuff about our country and has a couple of houses here . 
  also , plane didnt seem that expensive , ive googled a bit and found 150 euro round trips , which is not that much for a distance like this, 
   robbers steal 20 tons of cheese , that seems like it should be closer to the top . 
  any more info ? 
  well , most moldavians do n't want it , but romanians do , since moldavians are essentially romanians , speaking the same language ( if a bit accented ) . 
  it 's not a question of poorer ( if anything , romania is richer than moldova ) , it 's a question of wanting our national unity . 
  in the inter-war period , the so-called `` greater romania '' is one of the most reminisced about times in our history , and back than moldova was with us . 
  also , i do n't really view it as an annexation , annexation implies that they do n't want it ( but most of the romanian population of transylvania , about 80 % of people , wanted to be freed from the hungarians , which stripped them of their rights , and made them all peasants . 
  romanian here - in the summer we drink mostly beer , in the winter we go more for wine or tuica ( indigenous beverage made from distilled fruits ) , and a glass of wine/tuica after a meal is common ( in my family ), 
  article google translated in english http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_dd&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.mediafax.ro%2fsocial%2fsondaj-trei-sferturi-dintre-romani-se-declara-de-acord-cu-unirea-romaniei-cu-republica-moldova-11732258, 
  i deal with hungarians pretty often , and tried learning a bit of the language at some point . 
  it 's one of the hardest languages you can learn . 
  your best bet would be a native speaker, 
  after the months of protest , disputes , threats and bullshit laws , i have a feeling this is n't over yet . 
  they misspeled hour in romanian , its ora not oara . 
  also , many romanians say neamt instead of german . 
  and while the world ran out of wine , my family made about 200 liters this year . 
  do n't worry about me guys , i have enough !, 
  oh god i loved eugenia . 
  i grew up in the late 90 's / early 2000 's , and i have fond memories of mom giving me 10.000 or 20.000 lei ( diffrent cash back then ) and i would eat eugenias all week . 
  they were so cheap and great ( now they are shitty and almost 1 leu a piece iirc ) they also had really cheap and great ice cream ( vafe i think they were called ) and i would eat those all summer . 
  other than that , waking up every sathurday mornign to watch 1 hour of disney on tvr1 . 
  i lived all week for that .
