i 'd be supportive of an increased refugee intake ( australia ) if only women were allowed . 
  women are more vulnerable in conflict zones and they should come first . 
  agreed . 
  i went as an exchange student to a university and the whole student village was just filled with african refugees . 
  real european students could n't even get accommodation , they had to live in hostels . 
  then you have things like murders , cars on fire , roberries . 
  what a mistake to accept these people , send them back . 
  meh , some clubs in australia look the same . 
  swedish girls are not particularly good looking any more than the average european girl . 
  get your working holiday visa and come to australia !, 
  even in the middle of winter the days are 15c above zero , sunny and 10 hours of daylight . 
  you get to speak english and it 's much cheaper than london . 
  and in the meantime , smugglers are selling their services on facebook and whatsapp !, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-32707346 `` with the beginning of the new season we have a range of journeys on offer . 
  turkey libya italy , $ 3,800 . 
  sudan libya italy , $ 2,500 ... the boats are all wood ... if you have questions , contact me on viber or whatsapp '' advertises a people smuggler based in libya . 
  these boats should be towed back , same as the australians do . 
  any legitimate refugees should be settled in an african/middle eastern country ( with payments to that country ) . 
  since they started doing that , boat arrivals in australia have gone to * zero * !, 
  surely the cost of settling an immigrant in turkey or morocco is cheaper than in sweden or britain . 
  the cultures are the same too . 
  even with generous aid to these resettlement countries , the eu would still be better off . 
  here is the solution : https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=51&amp;v=rt12wh4a92w australia tows back the boats , and anyone found to be a legitimate refugee is not settled in australia ( cambodia , nauru , png instead ) . 
  so far in 2015 australia has had * zero * boat arrivals , whereas in the past it had hundreds per year . 
  turkey is not innocent . 
  they buy oil from isis and allow weapons to be smuggled to them . 
  do n't forget their treatment of the kurds and armenians . 
  85 % of the illegal immigrants coming to europe are male . 
  europe has gone downhill a lot from all the muslim migration stemming from stupid western interventions in the middle east . 
  if these means no more wars , and no more migrants , then good news for us . 
  plus , australia has a massive coastline to patrol , and much fewer resources than the eu . 
  boat arrivals are basically down to zero , and only a few hundred people are locked up , and no children are locked up at all . 
  its been a massive success !, 
  maybe they are crying over the nation-destroyingly low fertility rate in italy of 1.40 children per woman , which means they might not have any grandkids to take care of . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/quran/noble/sura9.html#29 ) are 129 sections of the koran which call upon muslims to wage war against non-believers until they convert to islam . 
  there are countries in europe which are free of this violence . 
  he was already an oil engineer though . 
  we can allow migration from other parts of the world , but people need to be vetted first . 
  it ca n't just be open borders , or you end up with the situation we have now in germany/france . 
  agreed . 
  we have groups of people on our doorstep who already share european religion , way of life , civilization . 
  and yet we allow in murderers and rapists ? 
  extend it even further - if europe really wants more workers and more people to make up for its low birthrates - you have canada , usa , australia , nz that you could liberalise ( even unilaterally ) work visas with . 
  ukranians are all over poland and they are very welcomed . 
  there are so many culturally compatible groups of people from all over the world we could invite to europe to work hard - culturally incompatible men from violent regions should have been at the bottom of that list . 
  or , we could just not allow muslims to come in in the first place . 
  japan and poland are the two most homogeneous countries in the world - and also , the two safest !, 
  replace hard work with living off the welfare system and you have it . 
  yup , this is standard australian policy now . 
  it is very effective , boat arrivals to the country are down from the thousands to one , two , three per year !, 
  so we 're going to let in a combined total of 85 million people ? 
  military mis/adventures and interference are a complete waste though , totally agreed on that . 
  obligation eh ? 
  might want to check this video ( yes its the rubber balls one ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
  good . 
  hopefully the next step is mass-deportations . 
  any ideas why ? 
  ah yes , you mean the the ` political refugees ' gang-raping swedish women ? 
  funny thing is , if europe properly controlled their borders , and did n't let millions of illegal immigrants in , these people would not have a platform . 
  the censorship on this thread is unbelievable . 
  the increase is totally due to immigration , mainly from middle eastern and african countries . 
  these groups are responsible for huge amounts of crime and basically completely reliant on welfare . 
  the opposite actually . 
  the increase is due to migration , mainly from the middle east and africa . 
  there are huge ghettoes in sweden , where the police fear to patrol . 
  such a waste of money to bring those people here . 
  lets hope they bring with them a pavelina and mohammediana , otherwise that sounds like a huge cock forest . 
  you need to take into account the health impacts . 
  ice cars produce a lot of noise and air pollution , right in the middle of densely packed cities . 
  power plants by contrast can be located away from populated areas . 
  plus as others have mentioned , ev cars can use a resource which ( unfortunately ) poland wants to use a lot of - coal . 
  we can subsequently increase the prevalence of renewable energy . 
  its not our responsibility to take care of everyone in the world . 
  people need to improve their own lives and their own countries . 
  but it is our responsibility not to invade countries , not to destabilise them , and to massively reduce greenhouse gas emissions and spread the technology around the world . 
  the biggest threat to us all - and to the global poor - is climate change . 
  rather than mucking around with migrants , lets put all our energy and surplus capacity towards that goal . 
  i do n't understand why the left have been trapped in this migration black hole , when there are such bigger issues . 
  even if helping the poor is your # 1 priority , we can spend the money in home countries or regions directly and help out many more people . 
  the difference is that these terrorists were actively invited into europe ... 
  the whole migration thing is nothing but bad news for existing european citizens . 
  higher welfare bills , more crime , more competition for low-skilled work , more violence , more assault on women . 
  the overall quality of society is brought down . 
  tthe [ australian ] ( http://pakistan.embassy.gov.au/files/islm/140925finaladvert-noway.jpg ) solution exists to this problem and has worked [ successfully ] ( https://62e528761d0685343e1c-f3d1b99a743ffa4142d9d7f1978d9686.ssl.cf2.rackcdn.com/files/124239/area14mp/image-20160527-22080-17u4q0a.png ) for that country . 
  no point defending the country when the invaders are being welcomed in by the thousands . 
  tthe [ australian ] ( http://pakistan.embassy.gov.au/files/islm/140925finaladvert-noway.jpg ) solution exists to this problem and has worked [ successfully ] ( https://62e528761d0685343e1c-f3d1b99a743ffa4142d9d7f1978d9686.ssl.cf2.rackcdn.com/files/124239/area14mp/image-20160527-22080-17u4q0a.png ) for that country . 
  even better , stop the problem at the source just like [ australia ] ( http://pakistan.embassy.gov.au/files/islm/140925finaladvert-noway.jpg ) has done so [ successfully ] ( https://62e528761d0685343e1c-f3d1b99a743ffa4142d9d7f1978d9686.ssl.cf2.rackcdn.com/files/124239/area14mp/image-20160527-22080-17u4q0a.png ) . 
  we need the racial bullshit unfortunately , 40 % of migrants from north africa are getting in trouble with the police . 
  it seems entire communities of criminals have been floated out from those countries into europe . 
  i have to agree . 
  germany needs thousands of police to keep people safe from rape on new year 's . 
  here , muslims do n't even get onto the street in the first place . 
  even though i have spent a lot of time in sweden and australia , supposedly ` safe ' countries for women , i am really surprised by how safe poland is ( second in the world after japan ) , and how women in particular can go about doing what they want at night without being afraid . 
  this benefits men too . 
  its ironic , the muslim/african/middle-eastern bashers are probably the best feminists out there . 
  urinating while sitting down empties the bladder more completely , which is better for your health . 
  i 've been doing it for about 4 years now in non-private places . 
  there is nothing masculine or non-masculine about it , its simply the optimal way of doing things based on science . 
  we do n't have a border with pakistan , morocoo , afghanistan ; yet this is where many illegal immigrants are coming from . 
  if they are driven by war , why are 90 % of the arrivals men ?
