  i do n't know about finland , but we consider this relatively easily replacable with other sources : a political decision to provide cheap electricity through government-owned monopoly [ eesti energia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva_power_plants ) ( produced from oil shale mined in estonia ) would be enough to keep every home heated . 
  there are two separate episodes in this : first , the coup in kiev , and secondly , the russian invasion of crimea and proxy war in eastern ukraine . 
  to this day , i fail to understand why no-one drew a red line when russia invaded ukraine without any meaningful justification , simply exploiting the internal weakness of ukraine that followed the coup . 
  a madman was allowed to run amok , and what we 're seeing now are the bitter fruits of it . 
   2 000 million $ 370 $ per person ? 
  seriously ? 
  stinger has a range of 14 800 ft. 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fim-92_stinger#comparison_chart_to_other_manpads ) mh17 was flying at 33 000 ft. 
  which ones , to be precise ? 
   last i checked france was still planning to sell russia those assault carriers . 
  not only planning to sell , but there are [ 400 russian sailors ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/30/us-ukraine-crisis-mistral-iduskbn0f50vb20140630 ) in training in france right now - having arrived in late june . 
  since this story is going to be huge , i suggest following [ the aviation herald ] ( http://avherald.com/h?article=47770f9d&amp;opt=0 ) for updates . 
  it is a very reliable source of commercial aviation related incidents and accidents . 
   stop pulling numbers out of your ass . 
  right back at you . 
  nobody was singling out natural gas , nor was anyone comparing it to the value of annual exports . 
  energy exports make up 52 % of state budget , meaning that this is absolutely vital to them - leaps above the `` huge stress '' you describe the 5 % to be . 
   changing a flag on a map wo n't change the ethnic , cultural and linguistic situation on the ground . 
  indeed . 
  while ukraine has strong russian influences , it remains ethnically , culturally and linguistically separate from russia , with their own language being an excellent example of this . 
  you can fly a russian flag over kiev , but it wo n't make kiev a russian city . 
   russia 's borders can be on the oder-neisse line for all i care . 
  you wo n't get to choose where [ the border ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_wall ) will lie . 
   you ca n't stop an extremely numerically superior force with vastly superior weaponry , when you 've got to deal with a crippling mandate and rules of engagement that prohibit you from doing your job . 
  actually , exactly this thing happened not too far from where i live . 
  as the german invasion was advancing fast in summer of 1941 , the soviets sent out death squads to murder locals and destroy every piece of infrastructure they could during their retreat from estonia . 
  at the same time , a small [ long-range reconnaissance group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erna_long-range_reconnaissance_group ) formed by the finnish army and compromising of 59 estonian volunteers was dispatched into estonia to collect intelligence on soviet troop movements , and it found itself in the middle of massacres being carried out by those squads . 
  they abandoned their original task , and despite being deep behind the enemy lines ( a 80 km wide gulf separating them from finland !, 
  ) , encircled , heavily outnumbered and equipped only with light weapons , they fought off numerous smaller attacks and a large one known as the battle of kautla to open a passageway for approximately 2000 civilians to flee unharmed from the region towards the advancing germans . 
  they lost 32 men of the 59 . 
  ( their actions are nowadays celebrated with yearly international military competition called [ erna raid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erna_raid ) , which is considered to be among the most difficult ones in the world . ), 
  it 's choices like this that separate the men from the mice . 
   they were ill-prepared for a combat mission if one would read medal of honor or victoria cross citations , one would be in great difficulty finding a recipient who was prepared for the task he faced . 
  and yet ... 
  alleged russian jet allegedly bombed an alleged settlement allegedly called snizhne , in an alleged conflict in ukraine . 
  there 's even a [ wikipedia article on this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homo_sovieticus ) , and a quite lengthy one on [ new soviet man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_soviet_man ) . 
  is n't the nato bombing campaign considered a key reason why the yugoslaw wars ended after a decade of fighting ? 
   it is a threat to russia and the actions of america regarding the missile defence makes it obvious . 
  that missile defense system was clearly targeted at iran ( russian missiles would fly to the us across the north pole , not over greece or ukraine ) , and consisted of only 10 interceptor missiles . 
  want a suggestion how to counter this ? 
  fire 11 missiles - something russia is capable , but iran with its very limited capability probably is not . 
  in fact , due to their flight profile , interceptor missiles positioned in poland could n't even hit missiles fired from russia . 
  the missile defense system annoyed russia because of its personnel . 
  in case of a conflict , it would be easier for other nato members to justify their action if their own soldiers were amidst an attack . 
   it gives nato countries a large strategic depth to attack and the war would be in russian soil , the major areas of russia if it ever happens . 
  once again , this is a threat only on the assumption that russia intends to attack eastern europe . 
  the north atlantic treaty does not have provisions for first strike of its own , nor have i ever heard even nutjobs advocating this . 
   these countries are n't interested in friendly relations with russia . 
  actually they are , and they have the most to benefit from this . 
  however , they are indeed not interested in `` friendly relations '' as they are currently manifesting - a situation where europe is an economic powerhouse , but made impotent by a much smaller ( population , gdp ) country that skillfully exploits weaknesses arising from tight economic cooperation to challenge the post-war peace and cooperation framework to further its expansionist goals . 
   it 's an essential tool for advancing the geopolotical interests of the us namely , peaceful europe . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
   that is nonsense and you know it . 
  nato at its core is an anti-russian alliance . 
  this is misguiding . 
  the nato was not established as an anti-russian alliance , but as an alliance to neutralize russian threat . 
  it 's like neighborhood watch - a threat only to those who intend to burglarize . 
  thieves do n't like police either . 
  should we abolish it ? 
   so that they could be defended by others from russia . 
  so nato is a pain in the ass for russia because ... it makes attacking its member states more difficult ? 
  and we should accept this as a valid concern ? 
   the only clear-cut thing here is that ` sanctions ' are a way for eastern european governments to show they are doing something without actually doing anything . 
  they have done enough . 
  for example , latvia has three years ' worth of gas reserves , meaning that it ca n't be blackmailed with hints of the coming winter that seem to paralyze some other countries . 
  the fact that the rest of europe does not have backup plans like this highlights the failure of taking into account all risks involved in dealing with russia - a subject eastern european statemen have brought up time and time again , usually to ears deaf from all the oil and gas money crammed into them . 
  remember schr\u00f6der , who ended up on russian payroll soon after stepping down as chancellor ? 
   for example the drive by eastern european countries to push nato all the way up to russias border . 
  the reaction was obvious . 
  it would increase tensions instead of dissipating it . 
  why would the expansion of a defensive alliance increase tensions ? 
  this argument makes no sense , unless you believe russia to be somehow entitled to dominate a part of europe - which is a manifestation of cold war mindset . 
  interestingly enough , sweden and finland are also right next to the new nato members , and yet do not see this as a threat . 
   one must be really nationalistic to believe that line . 
  right . 
  go have a walk around the border crossing in narva . 
  it 's flooded with locals ( mostly russians in that region ) who do their daily shopping in russia because many goods are significantly cheaper there . 
  for example , car fuel can be as much as 50 % cheaper , the same goes for cigarettes , meds , etc. 
  good luck convincing them to give that privilege up . 
  you just demonstrate the lack of even the most basic understanding of the situation . 
  when the soviet union collapsed , its citizens became stateless , but since russia is the legal successor state of the ussr , everyone could apply for citizenship with simply asking for it . 
  many russians in estonia decided not to choose estonian nor russian citizenship because of the perks of being formally stateless . 
  among the most notable perks , a stateless person can travel visa-free in the eu * and * russia , and ca n't be conscripted ( both estonia and russia have conscription ) . 
  in comparison , being able to participate in elections is n't much of an incentive to apply for either citizenship . 
   your country denies a portion of russians the right to vote . 
  this is not correct . 
   stronger sanctions cause a problem to those with the strongest trade links with russia ( in this instance italy and germany ) . 
  that 's the risk of doing business with undemocratic countries - they have more leverage since they do n't have to worry about approval ratings . 
   a country defending its interests is now akin to having ` an extreme position ' . 
  it indeed is , if it 's done at the expense of others in such a clear-cut situation . 
  that 's a target for 2050 . 
  probably denotes above / below average split . 
   what do you expect to happen when you leave an angry and beaten mob without supervision ? 
  why was a mob on the streets in the first place ? 
  why suddenly even russian teenagers cared so much about a war monument that had for decades stood there forgotten ? 
  the annual reviews of internal security service do a great job at explaining which means were and are still used to produce `` compatriots '' with warped worldviews who can be then used as pawns in political games . 
  it 's [ active measures ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/active_measures ) 101 , a textbook example of subversion . 
  do n't worry , your disagreement fits perfectly into the warped worldview where putin is a democratically elected leader . 
  in another comment , you mentioned amnesty international in the context of russian minority 's situation in estonia - what 's their take on russian elections ?
