  they 're mostly honest people who want to study and work in a country which will better appreciate and reward their efforts . 
  they 're not coming to beg , rob , or abuse welfare . 
  crimeans generally dig being in russia . 
  i 'm pretty sure they would have said something if they did n't want russia to rule them . 
  i have 0 interest to defend russia or anything like that , they fucked us for a century but still we should n't let emotion get in the way of facts . 
  and the fact is that crimeans , at least for the time being , want to be in russia . 
  every negative thing you hear about russia is true , except that crimeans hate them . 
  first of all , i 'd like to say that i really like your drawings . 
  you seem talented and if you had the fortune of being born in the eu , i 'm sure you would have had a secured future in the field . 
  however , i believe that you are handicapping yourself with this :  my question to you guys is that a lots of people give me there advice to go to sweden or germany , with total respect of both countries but i was feeling more attracted to the culture of netherlands ( and here i do n't mean the weed ) i mean the art , beauty and culture of the country the amazing landscapes and bricks buildings . 
  you can simply just * start * work in germany or sweden and then , once you have experience working in the eu , it will be very easy to move to the eu country of your choice and land a job there . 
  i admire your ambition to get exactly what you want , but sometimes the best way to get what we want to is go through something that we do n't want . 
  [ an interesting read ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pite%c8%99ti_prison ) about our very own * experimental * `` reeducation '' camp . 
  that is , it was n't created to use known torture techniques to break the men , it was used to experiment with spirit-breaking techniques . 
  it 's objective was to make its prisoners renounce non-communist ideology , renounce religion and become loyal to the communist party . 
  some of the techniques used involved forcing the inmates to torture eachother ( they theorized that it would break any kind of trust between the inmates , so it would lower the chances of plotting to escape/rebel ) , forcing the priests to blaspheme against their faith ( the communists saw religion as something that got in the way of total devotion to the communist party ) , and all kinds of psychological torture such as repeatedly trying to convince inmates under physical torture that their loved ones were degenerates and perverts . 
  well , politicians do n't fall out of the skies . 
  they come from the public . 
  so how does half the population , you know ... live ? 
  do they work illegally or what ? 
  i learned that it 's pointless to make libertarian arguments on / r/europe , throughout my time here . 
  enjoy the europe-related discussions , but do n't try to convince anyone that there 's any place where the state does n't belong . 
  just smile and wave . 
  the cameras would n't prevent the calamity . 
  * maybe * help catch who did it if they were stupid and did n't worse masks and change clothing , but still , i do n't find this to be a pro-surveillance-state argument . 
  why not discuss both ? 
  why not discuss it as general genital mutilation ? 
  why does it always have to be only about girls ? 
  yeah , it 's worse for girls , i get that , but just because it affects them worse does n't make it ok to ignore the fact the boys are also mutilated without their consent in civilized countries . 
  it 's wrong to spank a boy when he misbehaves . 
  but you can chop of his foreskin for no good reason whatsoever , np . 
  just like female genital mutilation is so ingrained in the immigrants ' culture that they do n't wan na hear about the practice being challenged , so is male genital mutilation ingrained in our culture that people do n't wan na hear about the practice being challenged ( you being an example of that ) . 
  you 're wrong that we 're trying to make this about men 's rights . 
  we 're trying to make this about human rights . 
  if your religion recommends boys to have their foreskins cut , let them become adults and choose to do it . 
  do n't do it for them and cry `` men 's rights activists ! '', 
  when we 're only saying `` boys are people , just like girls '' . 
  still , you 're mutilating a person without the person 's consent . 
  the principle is just as barbaric . 
  but it 's ok , because it 's boys . 
  we live an an age where it 's ok to choose your sex but you ca n't choose to have an unmutilated penis in many civilized countries . 
  careful now . 
  they 're writing a strongly-worded letter as we speak . 
  i 'm not talking about tax abolishment , i 'm talking about taxes only paying for the bare necessities ( police , defence , etc ) . 
  anything else can be done on the free market , allowing competition and choice . 
  it 's true that there is no true capitalism in the world right now , all capitalist economies have some sort of redistribution . 
  but i really think that the libertarian economic model is worthy of experimentation , just to get it out of the way if not for anything else . 
  it 's one thing not to have a welfare state , and another to have a welfare state and to not pay taxes ( greece ) . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  edit : to be clear , i 'm talking about laws and entities forcing you to share your wealth , not charity . 
  i feel like it 's wrong to use force in order to help the needy . 
   and if none of that works , they 'll just shell themselves and claim someone else did it . 
  that was done by many of the major powers over the last century . 
  not trying to defend russia or anything , just saying that it is n't a `` russian '' thing , it 's a `` we really want to have war '' thing for many major powers . 
  a discussion between high ranking turkish officials where they were planning the possibility of staging an attack and blaming syria for it so they can invade it happened like 2 years ago , and they 're nato ... 
  the human mind has a tendency to paint things in either black or white , when in fact almost everything is nuanced . 
  from what i read here , people mostly think that they were either an army fighting for its people or murderers . 
  only extremes . 
  but it would n't be a far cry to assume that both parties were fighting for their cause and people and that both parties committed atrocities while they were fighting for their people . 
  we 're not gon na solve anything by following this mentality of trying to paint any of these parties involved as either evil or good . 
  there 's a lot of emotion involved here , especially from the nationalities involved . 
  following emotion rarely ever brings justice or peace . 
  for example , my emotional impulse would be to just fucking execute everyone involved in atrocities regardless of their nationality and be done with this story once and for all , it 's been 20 fucking years . 
  but i know that it 's not as easy as that . 
  you know the world is fucked up when it 's a relief that someone went on a shooting spree out of personal rather than ideological reasons . 
  `` he was our jungler and he gave a frag and doublebuff to the enemy laner '', 
  for romania , the information is very inaccurate . 
  we all speak the same dialect , but the map shows 6 dialects when in fact those are just accents . 
  i think that you 're putting feelings above reason here . 
  as an empathetic human being , i can completely understand how these austerity measures will make life shitty years to come for greeks . 
  that sucks . 
  i get it . 
  but in the long run , it 's the necessary thing to do if greeks are to recover from this crisis . 
  and it is n't the eu who you should be disillusioned with but syriza . 
  the greedy capitalist eu pigs offered better deals to help greece recover from the hole * it dug itself in * but the people 's syriza of the proletariat kept rejecting the deals disregarding reality and hoping that somehow economics suddenly change and the ez will magically make the debt disappear . 
  it 's just an inoffensive analogy . 
  it has nothing to do with fatpeoplehate anyway , calories-in-calories-out is scientific fact , not hate/shame/whatever ... 
  i 'm aware of what the money is * supposed * to be used for . 
  i 'm telling you what people in my neighborhood * actually * do with the little money they do have . 
  dunno how it is in the netherlands , but i 'm from a typical working class neighborhood from bucharest , romania and i can tell you right now that ** here ** at least if the government just handed out free money to people who do n't work , that money would be gambled away in sports bets and spent on hookers , booze , jewels and designer clothes to make your neighbor jealous of your value and success . 
  sure , that 's one way to keep the economy going but i 'm not sure how i feel about working my ass off to pay for an alcoholic 's gold chain . 
  `` but those are people of modest means , they would n't get enough money to buy expensive shit and will probably just buy food and clothes '' whomever thinks this has n't spent enough time with low-income people . 
  `` having food for a month ? 
  that 's cool , but the look on adrian 's face when he 'll see my new watch is even better . '', 
  i 'm aware that not everyone will be like this and that there will actually be families which will put the money to good use . 
  but those are the exception , not the rule . 
  `` we are willing to do anything it takes to ~ ~ lose weight ~ ~ pay the debt , except ~ ~ exercise and eat less ~ ~ implement austerity measures . '', 
  romanians = gypsies , poland can not into space , france surrenders . 
  most nations will have a stereotype to be made fun of . 
  but i wo n't lose any sleep tonight cuz some people are making fun of stereotypes on the internet . 
  classical socialist mentality of appealing to emotion while disregarding reality . 
  take the south asians , they look foreigner !, 
  so we should recreate the experiments with proper subjects !, 
  ^ i 'm ^ sure ^ i 've ^ crossed ^ some ^ line, 
  holy crap their government is so stereotypically leftist , refusing to take any responsibility for their own actions and blaming the free market for what they 're going through . 
  it makes me puke . 
  people who keep saying that russia is alienating europe really need to understand this . 
  russia does n't care all that much about europe 's approval . 
  we 're neighbors , not necessarily friends . 
  we 've never been friends .
