  if europe is to blame for anything , that 's intervening in libya 's internal affairs , killing the ruler which for better or for worse kept the peace in the country . 
  `` but he was a tyrant !!! '', 
  well no shit , when you are dealing with jihadists you think tolerant democracy is the answer ? 
  no , an iron fucking fist . 
  that 's the answer . 
  and so starts the cycle of hate . 
  the situation in transylvania is extremely exaggerated as well . 
  i 'm from bucharest and from what i 've * heard * , i have always imagined romanians and hungarians holding pitchforks against eachother , but after actually travelling around the region the situation is more like `` hey janos , let 's drink some more palinca '' . 
  gypsy culture ( the real one you see on the streets , not the pc one you read about on wikipedia ) is completely incompatible with european societies . 
  if we 're to coexist , they have to integrate or there will always be friction and racism against gypsies . 
  except as far as we know , putin did not kill millions of people . 
  human until proven otherwise . 
  it 's just building leverage before some negotiation . 
  business as usual . 
  breaking news : politician insincere . 
  jews did 9/11 !!, 
   let the people do what they want as long as they do n't hurt other people that does n't happen under neither progressive nor conservative governments . 
  progressives do not want their feelings hurt and will legislate to make sure of that , conservatives do n't want their traditions hurt and they will legislate to make sure of that . 
  the gay marriage thing simply had too much popular support , it could n't be ignored anymore . 
  but do n't expect any new personal liberties . 
  we 're not ready for libertarianism . 
  apparently they do have that problem in certain amish and mennonite communities and it 's very underreported ( out of fear of being banished ) . 
  because the koran can easily be interpreted as being defined by those shitty values . 
  especially by psychopaths . 
  the amish for instance could also be called radical . 
  but they 're not murdering people . 
  well , just the occasional rape and such . 
  they 're like cancer , you ca n't really just make them go away , but still you have to continually fight them and win battles in order to curtail their metastasis . 
  we 're not fighting a country , you 're fighting an organization . 
  we 've been trying for decades to end islamic terrorism with boots on the ground , it clearly does n't work . 
  when v said in `` v for vendetta '' that `` ideas are bulletproof '' , that was more true about jihad than anything else . 
  the classic way of waging war does n't work against these barbarians . 
  it 's the ugly truth . 
   `` freedom above all '' is a naive position , that breaks down if you actually try to enforce it . 
  simple example : absolute freedom would mean you could do whatever you want whenever you want . 
  actually that position is not at all as you describe . 
  you are describing anarchism , while benjamin franklin was liberal ( classical , not neo-liberal like today 's liberalism ) . 
  the difference is that anarchists want `` absolute freedom '' , while classical liberals want `` absolute freedom ** as long as you do n't use aggression against someone else ** '' . 
   it 's not an opinion to deny the holocaust . 
  you are wrong , it [ is an opinion ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jme00lg.png ) to deny the holocaust . 
   because millions of people are n't being killed by chemtrail activists . 
  the fact that the holocaust happened 70 years ago justifies imprisoning people for voicing an opinion ( as shitty as it might be ) in the present day . 
  let 's go to the other extreme , just so you can see why i regard this to be so stupid . 
  so why stop at them ? 
  why stop at holocaust deniers ? 
  why not , then , imprison people for denying any other crime ? 
  why is this one special ? 
  there are so many genocides that have happened throughout history . 
  why is this one so special that it trumps the constitutional right to express what you want and we do n't imprison people for denying other genocides ? 
  people believe stupid shit that 's been proven wrong all the time . 
  why there is a law to send you to prison if you express belief in a certain stupid bullshit ( but any other bullshit is a-ok to believe ) in a free country is beyond me but w/e . 
  [ vlad the impaler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlad_the_impaler ) , no doubt . 
  the ottomans were coming to demand tribute from him and he 'd publicly impale them . 
  the us has the most medical research and clinical trials though . 
  while our nationalised healthcare plans work out best for people , it seems that having a private healthcare plan is better as far as medical progress and advancement is concerned . 
  tumblr-influenced college campuses with students that get offended about everything and want the world to adapt to their idiotic sensitivities . 
  but we 're getting there . 
  the uk already seems to have a full-fledged epidemic . 
  it 's only a matter of time until the pc police reaches us . 
  europe : person1 : `` what engine does your car have ? '', 
  person2 : `` a 2-liter eng - ... '' person1 : holy fuck did you win the lottery or something ? 
  how can you afford gas ? 
  most of us , from my generation grew up poor as dirt and we made something out of ourselves . 
  i would salivate whole summers at coca-cola bottles in shop refrigerators . 
  being poor is no excuse not to get an elementary education . 
  it never was . 
  most gypsies refuse to acquire modern skills and education ( the government makes it very easy for them to do so via affirmative action programs ) and will usually just get the traditional skills their clan depended on for generations . 
  the problem is that most of those skills and occupations are no longer useful in the modern world so you do n't really make any money out of them , so they either resort to crime or become complacent in the poverty they live . 
   your sexual attraction is n't a choice , but how you label said attraction certainly is . 
  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  those seem to be mostly transgendered folk . 
  or were the two sexual identities one and the same back then ? 
  while gays are certainly largely unaccepted in romania , i do n't think they 're any more * hated * than in any other european country . 
  at least from what i 've gathered from friends , acquaintances and coworkers that i 've talked to on the subject , romanians seem to oppose * encouraging * homosexuality , not homosexuals per se . 
  the whole `` being gay is fabulous '' type of thing , out of fear that it might make otherwise-straight people gay . 
  i do n't really know if it 's possible to `` turn '' , i keep hearing contradictory information - that you 're born gay , that you can become gay , that sexuality is fluid , that you can become or accept that you 're gay even as an old person that lived life straight . 
  i do n't know what to believe . 
  he was gon na fall sooner or later anyway . 
  it 's just a political move to stop people from protesting . 
  fellow romanians , do n't fall for it . 
  come out and protest !, 
  no half-measures like in 2012 . 
  both are equally guilty for what happened in that club . 
  the problem is that only the private club owners are going to prison . 
  the political assholes that allowed them to function illegally in exchange for bribes are home , safe , enjoying themselves . 
  we have to do something about that . 
   although we get paid much less . 
  yeah but they pay a lot more in taxes , so even though they get more money for the same job , the also give to the state a lot more . 
  well , the smugglers promised them a decent income without lifting a muscle , croatia might actually require migrants to work in order to get an income . 
  then it 's ok to make another islamist franchise . 
  i 'm not talking about direct threat of force . 
  but if they do consolidate their hold over syria and iraq , they 'll begin exporting their influence and ideology . 
  as selfish as this might sound , better have some oppressed syrian groups than that jihadist madness being planted and grown in other , civilised parts of the world . 
  assad might be bad for a lot of syrians , but the alternatives are worse for humanity . 
  the way to keep huge popular support as an authoritarian regime : legislate morality with what the majority deems moral . 
  works for saudi arabia , works for russia as well . 
  curing the origin of the problem will only solve 20 % of the problem . 
   what 's the purpose of having this amount of money ? 
  as tempted as i am to just call your question stupid and be done with it , i 'll try to be civil . 
  when in your life did you say `` hmm i seem to have too much money , maybe i should just become a construction worker so i do n't make so much useless money . '',
