my thoughts exactly . 
  routine transport , it only stands out now because of the current events . 
  that 's kind of the only legit role a national army should have in a democracy : protection of the country 's borders . 
  it 's unfair that orban is receiving so much fire for a hard but just decision . 
  but he was hated even before by the european left , so they were just waiting for a chance to play the nazi card on him . 
  i honestly admire the dude . 
  he stands his ground . 
  where all the non-obese girls at ? 
  by how professionally him and his family reacted to the whole thing . 
  now this kid is set for life . 
  they are obviously intelligent and made the most out of this . 
  i mean what the hell , in this age where shootings and bombings are so commonly heard of in the media , you do n't make a clock that looks like a suitcase bomb and take it to school while being middle eastern unless you are looking to be victimised . 
  i would have believed it was a mistake if they were dumb . 
  but they are n't . 
  be that as it may , i do n't think that it 's farfetched to assume that an islamist group which beheads people for publicity would n't do something like this . 
  fair enough . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqssz-oiink i guess it 's the romanians from the moldovan region that have the slavic component to their accent . 
  not the rest of the ro speakers . 
  actually our pronunciation sounds more slavic than latin to foreigners . 
  listen to romanians speaking english ( to remove the bias ) , it does kind of sound like a russian is speaking . 
  promoting beating wife ? 
  expressing doubt about any consensus regarding the holocaust ? 
  woah there , freedom and speech yeah but there has to be a line !, 
  that 's the problem with this . 
  either you allow freedom of speech with no `` but ... `` s or you do n't have freedom of speech . 
  anything other than that is double standard and hypocrisy . 
  this sounds a lot like `` all animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others '' . 
   they are hated by mainstream western feminists because unlike mainstream western feminists who ca n't sleep at night because of the issue of `` manspreading '' , these ones actually seem to care about real problems . 
   i think this situation is a perfect opportunity to weed out the people that will cause problem from those that just want to get away from it all . 
  you ca n't do that when the situation is presented to the public as `` hungarian police assaulting migrant family '' . 
  until the media starts presenting such footage in an unbiased manner , we are forced to deal in extremes . 
  oh man , i 'm just saying why that particular argument is n't a very compelling one , not that the russians actually had any justification to do it . 
  under this code , kosovo 's independence referendum was legitimate because people died in kosovo at the hands of serbia 's government and crimea 's referendum was n't legitimate because nobody died in crimea because of ukraine 's government . 
  so what 's wrong with this logic is that murder is not the sole justification for wanting to be an independent nation or to have your nation annexed to a different entity . 
  it 's something like `` harrassment ? 
  okay . 
  discrimination ? 
  okay . 
  all sorts of abuse ? 
  okay . 
  woah there ! '' . 
  it 's a bit arbitrary . 
  careful now . 
   so some have to walk a bit you monsters . 
  yes this is exactly the same situation . 
  i 'm guessing that those shelters were fine when first opened . 
  if they ca n't take care of the places that they are occupying , to clean them and keep them tidy , that 's not germany 's fault . 
  that 's actually a pretty reasonable explanation . 
  basically , they have to strike a balance between ratings , political correctness and facts . 
  this is the result . 
  why exactly is the press doing this ? 
  no really , what 's the actual reason ? 
  what do they gain by presenting the refugees only as innocent angels abused by the mean european man ? 
  i do n't think that it 's for ratings . 
  presenting the refugees as aggressors would helps ratings more than presenting them as victims . 
  when you claim that you 're a refugee running away from war , one would expect that you 'd be content with simply being in a safe country . 
  when you do get to safety and start saying that you also want this and want that without working for it , and that taxpayers should also pay for you to be reunited with your family in a different country that 's just being an entitled prick . 
  if it keeps being appeasing . 
  risking your toddler 's life so you can get welfare after you already escaped the atrocities from your country makes you a scumbag . 
  where i 'm from , if you want a better life you work for it . 
  `` a warm country '' is code for `` a country that will give me money every month without actually working for it '' . 
  well you ca n't really say that they do n't want to stay here because of no welfare without sounding like a fascist so let 's just make a joke about it and pretend that that is n't the issue . 
  well they 'd actually need to possess some skills and work to make a living here . 
  they fuel the war . 
  but they are n't in a state of war themselves . 
  they have more responsibility for the refugees . 
  they fuel the war and we pay the price . 
  we 're cool with taking refugees , but a line has to be drawn . 
  that 's not `` showing them better , being kind '' , that 's just the eu being weak and appeasing . 
  and history taught us time and time again that in geopolitics , being weak and appeasing will lead to your downfall . 
  personally i do n't think that we have a single goddamn thing to prove to the rest of the world . 
  there are rational reasons besides the ignorant and xenophobic ones to be concerned with the * number * of refugees that are making their way into europe . 
  we should n't willingly burden our countries with more refugees than is sustainable when other countries are not following suit . 
  we 're the only ones paying for what is happening in syria while entities like saudi arabia which fuel the terrorist groups active in syria are not taking any of the responsibilities . 
  this is n't `` showing that we 're better than them '' , this is being a pushover and appeasing . 
  on the news , you see the educated ones speaking english and german . 
  but the majority of them are n't doctors and lawyers . 
  if they were , the rich gulf countries would have taken them in with their arms open . 
  but apparently it 's taboo to be concerned with the negative effects that ghettos will bring to our communities . 
  but whatever , let 's be progressive and appease . 
  i 'm from romania , refugees do n't even want to come here so i wo n't be too harshly affected . 
  but tell me in 5 years how your kind , appeasing policies worked out . 
  besides jordan and lebanon housing heroic amounts of refugees , uae , saudi arabia , kuwait , etc do n't take anyone in even though they are well off financially and are culturally close to the refugees , it 's europe that 's to blame for not taking in * enough * refugees . 
  nobody understates the shit those people are in . 
  but that does n't make it right to blame european countries when gulf countries do n't care half as much about the refugees . 
  it was just an example as to why some countries ca n't `` show em how it 's done '' . 
  and when they 're coming from a war-torn medieval shithole , they should n't be picky . 
  when the country has material resources to spare , then it 's simply normal . 
  but when your own citizens live in poverty , from where do you expect other countries to spare material resources for the refugees ? 
  in romania , we have schools in big cities due to start classes in september that have not passed the sanitation tests . 
  imagine those from the countryside ... 
  when you 're in this situation , how exactly do you expect to afford to take in refugees ? 
  we ca n't even send our kids to study in sanitary and healthy conditions . 
  oh , it was n't charity , i can assure you ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you must be the life of the party . 
  i did n't intend to present it as `` funny '' . 
  that 's what you assumed . 
   willingly let them die in the truck by suffocation that does n't make any sense . 
  they ( the traffickers ) only want to make money , it 's of no practical use for them to kill their clients . 
  they can take their money easily , without killing them , why would they complicate everything and endanger their operation and livelihood , and making the police hunt them down by killing them ?
