  but i forgot that european architecture now means soulless concrete blocks and big glass windows . 
  imo the nicest parts of the building are precisely those with an arabic style . 
  it 's pretty much the same in france , though as always the system is extremely complicated . 
  but that 's the principle and it explains why almost no worker is unionized : they get covered anyway . 
  and i explained how the usa are not the nation of `` non-hispanic white people '' , but of the american people , who are and will stay the overwhelming majority , so it is not comparable in any way to , say , the japanese becoming a minority in japan . 
   yes . 
  if there was a plan to acutally assimilate people , and slow down the rate of immigration so that assimilation would actually be possible i probably would n't be here trolling about white genocide . 
  that 's what i understand also from the situation . 
   before it sounds like we 're in agreement and that i 'm not actually a racist i just want to say that black african mean iq is abysmal so ... you * want * to be seen as a racist ? 
  well that was unexpected , your first post was about how just because you 're anti-immigration does n't mean you 're racist . 
  about iq , i 'd like you to watch [ this video which does n't directly addresses the question of race but gives some very interesting perspective ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vpqilhw9ui ) ; it 's about how the results of western people a century ago would give them an iq of 70 by today 's standards ( iq is recalculated to always be 100 on average ) , and tries to explain why . 
  intelligence is to some extent constrained by the physical capacities of our brains , but it is still a tool that we can sharpen and that gets better with the education level of people and society . 
  not in level of knowledge , but in the ways we think , for instance `` concrete '' thinking vs. hypothetical . 
  ( which is also why it is quite sad you keep bringing up the current level of poorly assimilated immigrants when we were talking of what it means to be a swede * in principle * ) . 
  now the question of different mental abilities between `` races '' will of course be controversial , because it is insulting and sounds a lot like the `` scientific '' racism of last centuries . 
  but i agree there is no reason why it could not be true . 
  some people run faster than others , some have the `` absolute pitch '' , some have a great memory , etc. 
  yet , if those stats are indeed exact and if the difference is entirely genetic , so what ? 
  is it a reason to discriminate based on arbitrarily-defined `` races '' and punish one of those entirely because of an average stat , rather than addressing the point itself ( for instance , screening the iq of * all * immigrants including whites ' and rejecting all those under a certain score ) ? 
  and even if we went further than the racists ' wet dreams and assumed that all black people were mentally retarded , so what ? 
  should they have less rights than other people ? 
  should they be discriminated against , or persecuted , or deported , or exterminated ? 
  what about dumb white people ? 
  all people are gifted with consciousness and feelings , they can suffer , they can think , they can do right and they can do wrong , and that 's all that matters . 
  when a man is drowning , you do n't care if he 's able to solve the crosswords , you just save him . 
  in fact , if people are mentally retarded , they deserve more care and attention , and first of all more compassion , not less . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that people use those scientific questions to justify racist policies , but those racist policies are wrong to begin with , regardless of what science says about iq . 
  eu commission can not force anything on anyone . 
  laws are voted by parliament and the council of governments . 
  that 's because hungary is so far right that the `` left '' parties are the liberals/centrists , and the `` right '' parties are the fascists . 
  america is not `` non-hispanic whites '' nation . 
  it is the us citizens ' nation . 
  even if you defined it ethnically , that would mean it was supposed to be a wasps nation , and it is already not anymore at all , yet noone noticed . 
  neither the president nor the vp are wasps , nor any member of the supreme court . 
  this is supposed to be the end of the world for the kkk , yet today 's america is still america , its people are still americans , they still worship george washington , the constitution , burgers and guns , and none of the people i mentioned would ever claim they 're not * really * americans because they 're not wasps . 
  that 's how assimilation is supposed to work . 
  the suburbs are far less white than the rest of the country , but they 're not `` arab ghettos '' . 
  it is essentially a social segregation , which obviously affects non-whites far more , but then there are also plenty of white people there , and people are not segregated by origins . 
  why do n't people want to live there though ? 
  because they 're shitty at all levels . 
  it 's just big residential buildings with nothing to do , barely any shop , and rampant crime . 
  but if you go to northern and eastern paris ( * in * paris , not the suburbs ) , you 'll live with plenty of non-whites as well , but middle class and with a job , and it changes everything . 
  everything compared with the suburbs , nothing compared to the rest of paris , except my butcher also has some weird african meats like `` ntamba '' and my baker wears the veil . 
  ah , okay , i misunderstood then . 
  you are discussing a case in which people share the same culture , values and national identity . 
  what is the matter with ancestry ? 
  your royal dynasty is french and there are already plenty of swedes of foreign ancestry . 
  it is precisely by refusing them the qualification of swede , by decreting they are and will always be a `` foreign ethnicity '' , that you risk of making sweden one day majority foreign . 
  the question is a very fundamental one : what defines your nation ? 
  in the 19th century , here in france we discussed about it and decided that a nation was not a question of blood , but the common desire to live together as a single people . 
  if sweden wants to be on the contrary a select club of descendants of ragnar lodbrok , well it 's okay . 
  but then you should probably have thought about it before giving swedish nationality to plenty of people you do n't actually consider to be swedish . 
  you lied to them if that 's the case . 
  if for you sweden is by definition white and should always be white , then logically no non-white should ever get the swedish nationality , no matter if they 've been born here , if that 's the only country they know , if swedish is their mother tongue , if they know everything about swedish culture and identify with that country . 
  no , they 're not swedish because they 're not white . 
  but no , that 's definitely not racist . 
  on the other hand , though , it seems like pro-immigration folks in your country are not any better at assimilating immigrants . 
  they promote multiculturalism , which is precisely once again telling the immigrants they 're not really swedish but foreign people living in sweden ( except this time it 's cool and everyone smiles ) , and that * their * culture is rich and important to share while swedish culture is bland and boring . 
  that 's definitely not how you make people swedish , that 's how you build foreign ghettos on your soil . 
  so , yeah , assimilation is key , and it works better when immigration is limited . 
  but yes , refusing by principle that non-white swedes are really swedes is racist , and only makes things worse when you already have a non-white population . 
  are you actually comparing calls to bomb , sink and drown refugee boats with the ` sublime christian heroism ' to help abolish slavery ? 
  well a clear majority does n't want to live in france either , so ... 
  is that a national-bolshevik 's rant ? 
  wait , why is it credited as written in 1785 then ? 
  one century after lully 's death , 70 years after louis xiv 's . 
  the results ' presentation is very bad , it gives a share of all answers rather than a yes/no percentage for each . 
  presented like that it looks like only 6 % would n't mind living in germany , when in fact that is 59 % of respondents ( for now ) . 
  edit : currently the only countries where a majority of people would live are : * denmark * germany * the netherlands * norway * sweden * the uk, 
  yes , that 's the point . 
  * `` the russians like to label everything russian as slavic , so that later they can label everything slavic as russian '' * - karel havlicek , 1844, 
  i did n't think of that , yeah i guess it would work . 
  we do n't actually have many chavs here , except in the very north near belgium ( and i do n't know if there 's a word specifically for them - * cassos * and * beauf * are much wider ) . 
  in small cities , our young bums drinking beer while squatting in public and doing nothing with their life have more of a neo-hippie style , and they 're called * punks \u00e0 chien * ( `` punks with dogs '' or `` dog punks '' ) . 
  then there are those of the suburbs , mostly non-whites but not necessarily , who fit the definition of a chav pretty well ; they 'd be called * racailles * or * ka\u00efras * . 
  edit : dclauzel proposed `` jacky '' . 
  i thought of it , because that 's quite the same kind of people ( in fact i thought about them when i talked about the north ) , but it 's maybe too specific since it 's about car tuning fans , [ like those guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhowldf44ye ) . 
  as far as i know , british chavs are not that much into tuning . 
  and thinking about it , k\u00e9k\u00e9 and cacou also have this car/motorcycle obsessed connotation . 
  [ welcome to the club :d ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mile_high_club ), 
  that got me panicked too . 
  it 's probably for cookies but i 'm afraid i accepted to be kidnapped and used to create a human centipede . 
  that 's for the hajj ( muslim pilgrimage to mecca ) i presume . 
  which is also why this article is stupid . 
  as every year , millions of people will arrive in pilgrimage . 
  by that time the camp should not be full of refugees anymore . 
  so what will they do of them ? 
  kick them in the desert ? 
  it 's true the arab gulf states are not doing their due at all , however . 
  if there are countries that could easily help syrian refugees , that have the money and capacity to do so , and where they would integrate very well , it 's them . 
  but they barely do anything . 
  this is more intelligent than just saying they 're going to declare independence unilaterally . 
  if they do , they really have to be prepared for it , otherwise it is going to be a really big mess . 
  the problem with that system is n't fairness ( if people know that 's how the system works , it 's their fault for arriving too early ) . 
  no , the problem is that then just at the last minute everyone will arrive at the same time and fight not to be among the first . 
  the traditional queuing system was precisely designed so that people just wait quietly and orderly for their turn . 
  with that system on the contrary they would form a big crowd pushing each other to enter the line , noone daring to do it because they do n't want to be the last served . 
  they might even form a parallel waiting circle where they would wait until the others concede defeat and join the queue , at the risk of missing the plane or forcing it to get delayed , so that in the end not only people would have wasted as much time but they would even manage to waste everyone else 's time as well . 
  i can just imagine the organizers calling for the people to stop acting like children and enter the line already because they 're going to be late ; then suddenly saying that people who are not in line in a minute wo n't be served at all , so the crowd would rush to the queue , walking on each others ' feet and even pushing back the people who come after them so that they do n't enter . 
  sounds like a perfect system .
