  gay people can marry in france then [ get beheaded ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/26/europe/france-attack/ ) for religious reasons in the same country . 
  maybe soon we wo n't even have to cross borders to experience time travel . 
  seems like you 're heading toward a big change in the political landscape then . 
  i ca n't believe most of the republican candidates for 2016 still stick to the exact same religious platform that keeps losing ground . 
  they 're going to learn the hard way i guess . 
  a bit like the british labour before tony blair . 
   also , why `` not even in athens '' ? 
  as far as i know greece is much more traditionalist and religious than germany . 
  [ it 's a joke . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_in_ancient_greece ), 
  as much as i 'd love it , that 's really the kind of thing that would cause an uproar against the eu . 
  the us have the advantage that when the supreme court or congress make a controversial decision , the opponents do n't conclude they have to destroy the union . 
  well at least not in the last 150 years ... 
  i actually first thought of mississipi , but then i wondered what state was the most backward , and i chose texas since it 's the one people know the most . 
  is n't dallas pretty liberal right now ? 
  sure , if it comes with the same rights , there 's no problem . 
  it generally does n't though . 
  in austria for instance there are ( apparently ) 72 differences between the `` registered partnership '' and marriage . 
  edit : i think the map would be better if it differentiated between marriage and equal partnerships on the one hand , and lesser partnerships on the other . 
  i do n't really know how marriage works in other countries , but over here with obviosuly a pretty strict separation of church and state , churches simply have nothing to do with marriage at all . 
  it is defined by law and performed by the mayors . 
  then people can have religious wedding ceremonies if they want but that 's just a symbol , without any legal value . 
  and of course if a particular church does n't want to hold a wedding ceremony for any reason ( not just homosexuality but for instance having divorced ) , they do n't have to , it 's their business . 
  that 's a perfectly defensible position . 
  nowadays we treat terrorism as if it was a military attack against our country , a national defeat , and a terrible deadly threat upon all of us . 
  in realty terrorism is completely negligible in terms of deaths compared to the population , the threat is basically null and there is no real reason to panic . 
  we do panic because it is spectacular , and that is precisely the point of terrorism . 
  terrorism was coined during the french revolution , and the idea was to use shocking executions to `` terrorise '' the traitors and the enemies . 
  nowadays it is used by groups like isis or al-qaida precisely because they do n't have the military power to actually harm us in any concrete way . 
  they can only harm us by terrorising us , to hurt our morale and make us think twice before doing certain things , like fighting against them abroad , or publishing caricatures of muhammad . 
  if we treated those attacks as we treat normal murders , there actually would n't even be any point for them to be made in the first place . 
  [ vingt euros valent mieux que deux et demi  ] ( http://colnect.com/fr/coins/coin/17555-20_euro_200th_battle_of_austerlitz-2001~today_-_euro_numismatic_productsproduit_euro-numismat-france ) [ * twenty euros are worth more than two and a half  * ] ( http://colnect.com/fr/coins/coin/17555-20_euro_200th_battle_of_austerlitz-2001~today_-_euro_numismatic_productsproduit_euro-numismat-france ), 
  b-but i thought russia had definite proof the plane was taken down by ukraine !, 
  do n't they want to present it to a tribunal ? 
  hungary , maybe ? 
  they have jobbik . 
  for example , in the field of morality , `` what ought i to do ? '' . 
  that 's not a question of semantics , it is a very real question and it is very pressing . 
  every day when judging that something is or is n't fair , we have to ask ourselves about what is right and wrong . 
  other examples : `` why does something exist instead of nothing ? 
  '' , `` what is the point of being alive ? '' . 
  of course you can always argue about the words i used but they try to convey a real question which can not be solved by just playing on words . 
  [ which calls for this even better one . 
   this is another evidence to my hypothesis , that 95 % of philosophical problems are in fact linguistical problems , i.e. 
  the core issue is that the words used are vague and open to interpretation . 
  i would n't say this is the case for actual philosophical questions that humans have , but it definitely is the case for highschool philosophy exam questions . 
  actually that 's intended . 
  the first and most important instruction for this kind of exercise ( and imo the key to succeed it ) is to think about all the different meanings of the words used in the question . 
  what matters is the weighted average of your grade for all the subjects , and the weights depend on what major/section you have . 
  in scientific section , philosophy is not worth much , so even if you fail it 's okay ; in economics section , it weights much more so it would really impact your average ; and in literary section , it 's the biggest subject with 8 hours of class a week , and if you fail it you 're definitely fucked . 
  haha , thanks . 
  the history of flags and symbols is really fascinating . 
  the fourth republic is also the reason why we do n't have pr , even though once again its instability was not caused by it . 
  but yeah , it 's easy for big parties to use any example they can as an excuse to keep their privilege . 
  pretty much . 
  the german flag comes from the holy roman empire 's coat of arms : a black eagle ( with two heads , now only one ) with red beak and claws on golden background . 
  in heraldry , `` gold '' is usually represented as yellow , so in terms of colours it 's the same . 
  though there is another meaning for the colours : `` from darkness , through blood , to light '' . 
  the german far-right opposed that flag which was associated with liberalism and democracy , and instead they rallied behind the black-white-red of the german empire . 
  calling it `` yellow '' was clearly supposed to be insulting , as strange as it sounds . 
  i guess that it removed the imperial heritage , the prestige of gold , etc. 
  and it could be associated to piss , or to jews ( not a coincidence the yellow star was made yellow , it was the colour people associated to judas and to jews since the middle ages ) . 
  i am obviously not referring to those gatherings , which have stopped almost everywhere . 
  and as i said switzerland is not a direct democracy as ancient city-states . 
  it has elected representatives , but organizes regular referendums for citizen initiatives . 
  not with their hands but with the same papers we use for our own elections . 
  it 's not as if we did n't organize national elections regularly ; we do and it 's perfectly manageable . 
  i do n't see how it would be impossible for a german , a french or a brit to vote on popular initiatives . 
  they 're not less intelligent as far as i know , and it 's not as if they did n't already vote . 
  as i said countries can perfectly prefer keeping their own political system , but i do n't understand why you think it is impossible to adopt the swiss one for some reason . 
  why ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  there are popular initiatives in california which has 40 million inhabitants and is larger than those countries . 
  anyway i do n't see how the size of the population changes anything . 
  people ca n't have elections in germany ?!, 
  what are you even saying ? 
  switzeland 's political system does n't really depend on size , after all it 's not a city-state with direct democracy , it has millions of inhabitants and elected representatives . 
  federalism and decentralization are part of that political system , not a condition upon which it is based . 
  i do n't see any theoretical reason why the uk or germany could n't adopt a similar system , with not only pr but : no single head of government , regular popular initiatives , powers as local as possible , strong local democracy , `` militian parliament '' and emphasis on non-professional politicians , etc. . of course they do n't have to , and the german/continental system works pretty well , but it would be much better imo . 
  oh , i was not comparing with fptp , just saying it would n't be the best to elect a parliament , since it purposely rejects the controversial candidates . 
  you 'd get a parliament full of people sharing roughly the same consensual positions instead of representing and debating the variety of positions in the electorate . 
  sure , but italy could have a two-party system and the exact same problems if they had labour majority in one house and tory majority in the other . 
  actually the us would have exactly the same problem if it was parliamentary . 
  except this is not a referendum asking one yes/no question . 
  a general election is about countless different issues , and the vast majority of people do n't agree with any party 100 % on all of them . 
  if you have an all-or-nothing system and let the ruling party decide alone on all issues , then it will take decisions that are * opposed * by a majority of people . 
  meanwhile , if you actually represent all positions , then depending on the issue different majorities would arise so that the final decision is always supported by a majority of people . 
  for instance if you have a typically left-wing party ( 35 % ) , a typically right-wing party ( 45 % ) and a sort of libertarian party in the middle ( 20 % ) , then a majority would likely vote for gay marriage ( 55 % ) , and a majority would likely vote to reduce deficits ( 65 % ) . 
  all decisions would be backed by a majority . 
  meanwhile if it was all-or-nothing and you had fptp , the conservative party would get elected with 45 % and implement socially conservative policies that would be opposed by the majority of the population ( 55 % ) . 
  unfortunately i do n't think so . 
  when you ask extremely easy common knowledge questions to people , an incredibly large part systematically get it wrong . 
  two thirds of young brits do n't know what year wwi ended , for instance . 
  so i would n't be surprised one bit if a majority ( not only in the uk ) did n't know the name of their representative . 
  especially when you include those who do n't vote . 
  this is already how it works though . 
  you could use that argument if british parties worked like the american ones , with all candidates for all elections directly chosen through open primaries . 
  anyway there are a lot of pr methods , and many do n't involve a fixed list of candidates . 
  italy 's stability problems have nothing to do with pr though , it 's bicameralism . 
  french politicians keep promising pr at every single election and never ever vote it .
