  they are enemy combattants , and fighting against isis involves * killing * those people . 
  there is no reason to feel bad about it , it is better than letting them kill and enslave others . 
  even if those `` lured '' jihadist girls have a change of heart and come back they should be sentenced with the highest severity . 
  even those that did not commit crimes in iraq and syria are still accomplices and traitors against their nation . 
   nice xenophobia mate seriously ? 
  that was just rhetorics , mate . 
  my point was that it 's definitely not normal or excusable for teenagers to join terrorist militias accross the world to slaughter innocents . 
  it 's not really the same level as a teenager spray painting anarchist slogans on a wall . 
  til people are child rapists until proven innocent . 
  i do n't know how it is in belgium but no , most teenagers do * not * get lured into slaughtering and enslaving innocent people . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't see why they should get any more compassion than male isis fighter just because their experience as a jihadist is unpleasant . 
  if they want to slaughter wrong-believers , they deserve drone strikes , not teary-eyed sympathetic articles . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is more than 0 arabic speaker in spain ... 
  if you want to show all languages spoken by at least one person on the map , that 's alright , but it 's going to be very colourful to say the least . 
   meaning that both are spoken there which is not true . 
  go there , speak occitan to people and not only they wo n't understand what you say but will believe you 're speaking spanish/catalan/italian . 
  relevant username . 
  i like that . 
  [ better with music , though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ybumqhpaeu ), 
  the revolution of course . 
  as always mapmakers trying to pretend french regional languages are not long dead , haha . 
  no , it 's still almost unthinkable she would win even against hollande . 
  though it 's right that would be her best chance . 
  of course she could manage to get a lot of votes from the right , but at very best that 'd be something like 40 % ( double of her score ) . 
  to win , she needs an actual majority , so it 'd have to include centrists . 
  even if there was no issue with racism and so on , there is no way a centrist would vote for the anti-european , anti-free-trade , pro-deficit candidate . 
  especially if the other candidate is hollande . 
  otherwise , she could win if the left-wing abstained * massively * from voting . 
  maybe hollande is quite disliked by his own side , but do you really think left-wing people will say `` hollande or le pen ? 
  pff , as bad as each other '' and let her win ? 
  on the contrary , the last time the fn got to second round , and against a * right-wing * candidate , the left mobilized itself as never before . 
  last possibility is that somehow le pen manages to syphon all the anti-austerity radical left votes . 
  but even then it would n't be enough to get elected . 
  so no , except if there is a life-changing unexpected event , she can not possibly win that election . 
  it 's not what i meant but you 're right , that could also happen if the fn score is n't high enough . 
  i meant she will probably win the regional election . 
  in the presidential election , she 's almost certain to go to the second round , and is likely to have the highest score in the first one . 
  especially if she runs against hollande and sarkozy . 
  but then no matter who 's against her , she 'll lose , just how her father got obliterated in 2002 by chirac , who got 82 % of the votes even though he was very unpopular at the time . 
  the next presidential election is therefore weird because the question is not whether right-wing or left-wing is stronger , but which candidate will be able to go to second round against le pen and be sure to get elected . 
  that 's what we thought at first , after all the drama began just the day it was revealed jm le pen had money in switzerland ( or something like that , i do n't really remember ) . 
  but now it got pretty serious ( threw insults at each other , he sued her and said he wo n't vote for her and that she 'll never be elected , threatens to run against his grand-daughterin the regional elections ) , so i doubt he aggreed to anything . 
  cop\u00e9 was the leader of sarkozy 's party for some time , and his family is originary from romania ( copelovici ) . 
  also our current pm is a catalan immigrant . 
  france is a pretty good melting pot . 
  the official fn platform is definitely not fascist . 
  the problem is that they manage to tell or make understand what they want to each potential voter . 
  to the royalists and catholic integrists , they are the party of french traditions and identity against the republican free-masons ; to the neo-nazis and racists they are the party of racism and white supremacy ; to those afraid of islam they are the party against immigration and muslims ; to the anti-liberal workers or unemployed , they are the party against globalization and free trade ; to the usual non-voter , they are the `` anti-system '' party ; to the euroskeptic , it is the anti-euro party . 
  you even have people like the thinly-veiled antisemitic black humourist dieudonn\u00e9 who 's bff with jean-marie le pen because for him it was the antisemitic party , regardless of racism . 
  there 's a lot of debate about how the fn managed to get so big , but in the end , yes , most of its voters choose to believe that they 're moderate and not * really * racist , just anti-immigration . 
  it 's cognitive dissonance i 'd say : `` racism is bad so i ca n't be racist , but i want to vote fn ... well they 're not racist either !, 
  problem solved ! '', 
  and even if they might be right about the current party leadership , the real problem is that most of the local candidates are definitely * not * moderate at all ( of course if you 're ready to be a fn candidate you must be pretty zealous about it ) . 
  each election you can find lots of candidates caught posting racist , homophobic , etc. 
  and yet `` moderate '' people still vote for them because they have the fn label . 
  the le pen are originally breton , so as celtics they can use the tanistry succession , which is so much better than primogeniture . 
  so the father can choose his younger daughter as heir , then she can choose her niece . 
  as long as they are in the clan , it 's fine . 
  the way manuel valls managed to kick out the former prime minister and get appointed instead , even though neither hollande nor the parliament really wanted it was definitely house of cards level . 
  also that moment after sarkozy 's defeat when his party 's interim leader rigged the internal elections so his competitor and his supporters rebelled , threatened to sue , split from the party to create a new group with the same name and same policies , and then finally after weeks of drama agreed to reunite under a sort of cease-fire , until a new vote took place in which ... neither of them ran . 
  so instead sarkozy came and took back the leadership for himself . 
  french regions only have administrative powers , they ca n't really vote local laws and policies . 
  they run the highschools , some infrastructure and do investments for economic development . 
  so in the end the political label of the person in charge does n't matter much , it 's mostly used as a midterm vote for or against government . 
  i guess the regions ' presidents are more prestigious than mps though , because there are less of them . 
  s\u00e9gol\u00e8ne royal ( socialist candidate in 2007 and ex-partner of hollande ) was a region president when she ran and she used her policies and experiments there as a model ( investments on renewable energy and electric cars , direct participation of citizens , free anonymous birth control for highschool girls ) . 
  so even though the regions do n't have much power it 's still possible to use them as a means of communication , and it 's certain marine le pen will know how to do it . 
  it 's very probable she will win that election , because of the voting system which gives a bonus to the first party . 
  in the presidential election , though , there is no way she can get elected , because she 'd need 50 % + of the votes and there definitely is n't a majority ready to vote for the fn . 
  it would destroy the eu as we know it for sure . 
  but it 's still extremely unlikely the fn would get elected as is . 
  le pen can very well come first in the first round but then there is at the very least 70 % of people who will never vote for her and would gladly kick her butt in the second round . 
  they could come to power one day , but it would be after they complete their shift and become more moderate . 
  i think the plan is to go the same way as [ gianfranco fini ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gianfranco_fini ) in italy . 
  marine le pen wants to change the name of the party , maybe for national alliance ( another hint to fini ) , and it was only delayed because of her father 's opposition . 
  now she can freely go on with her plans . 
  on my mother 's side almost everyone has marie somewhere in their name , including men . 
   probably . 
  she would fit right in to your tea party or even republican party . 
  her platform while somewhat extreme for europe is pretty typical of america . 
  haha , she tried to get close to ron paul at some point , as the poor fella did n't really know her and especially did n't know her platform is in complete contradiction with his ideas or with the tea party or the republican party : * she wants to finance debt by printing worthless money * she wants to stop free trade both in europe and out of it , and have protectionist policies * she wants a state-managed economy * she wants to stop liberalization * she wants to keep a large welfare state besides she also supports gays ( to some extent ) , does n't appeal to religion , etc. 
  european and american far-rights are completely different ideologically . 
  the first is based on ethnic nationalism and tends to be against free market , while the second is mostly based on religious conservatism and supports free market . 
  he was suspended but could n't be expelled from the party as he was honorary president , a title for life defined by the party 's rules . 
  he actually went as far as sueing the party to contest his suspension , and won . 
  so they decided to change the rules and suppress the title of honorary president , which required a party congress . 
  just because they message only one sex does n't mean they 're not bisexual to some degree . 
  they can be bi and prefer men or prefer women . 
  what a surprise , it turns out fixing a price other than the one determined by supply and demand only makes things worse !, 
  who could have guessed that ? 
  i mean , except every single person knowing anything about economics . 
  if big cities attract a lot of demand and the supply does n't follow , of course prices will rise higher and higher , or people will be put in waiting lists and use bribes , black market , etc. 
  the only solution to give housing to people is to build more housing . 
  and you do n't increase construction by deliberately limiting the profits people can make out of it . 
   `` european interests '' ? 
  do n't exist . 
  these are all national interests relabeled to make them digestible to others . 
  european interests exist no more and no less than national interests .
