funny how the article blames france for being pessimistic and seeing itself in decline , when the author is doing exactly that . 
  he manages to tell that french intellectuals are dead and that none of them are famous or influential or moral/ideological guides anymore , and yet it mentions , just passing , that we recently got two nobel prizes in literature , that thomas picketty is now a global reference on capitalism and inequalities and sparked a lot of debate , that houellebecq is well famous abroad and expresses ideas that are at the core of all discussions in europe , and that st\u00e9phane hessel 's call for indignation and activism was an international best-seller which had a great influence on the spanish `` indignados '' and later the occupy movement . 
  that is already not bad , i 'd say . 
  why put the gloomy glasses on ? 
  i have the feeling that the author simply rejects the existence of intellectuals who do not share his point of view . 
  french intellectuals used to be mostly marxists . 
  now they 're mostly reactionary . 
  everyone is free to find that bad , but just because they 're reactionary does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  anyway we have loads of other interesting intellectuals that were not mentioned . 
  jean tirole received the nobel prize in economics . 
  bruno latour is a very influential social scientist , specialized in the sociology of sciences . 
  esther duflo has revolutionized the entire field of public development . 
  more on the side of political and moral guidance , you do n't only have pessimistic right-wing reactionaries . 
  one of the most popular intellectuals in france is michel onfray , a left-wing philosophy professor who created a `` popular university '' to teach philosophy to the masses , and advocates a sort of epicurianism . 
  fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric lordon is a popular left-wing economist who among other things analyzed questions of regulation/deregulation , and the internalization of the ideas of work `` ethic '' . 
  alain badiou is a maoist ( yep , apparently it still exists ) philosopher who very much tries to fit the job description set in this article . 
  pierre rosanvallon is a specialist of democracy and its issues , who favours self-management . 
  virginie despentes is a feminist writer , filmmaker , pornographer . 
  edgar morin and michel serres are also respected progressive intellectuals . 
  more on the fringe but bringing fresh ideas , you have serge latouche , who preaches de-growth ; or etienne chouard , who makes the case for the drawing of random citizen panels instead of elections . 
   in 1543 luther published * on the jews and their lies * in which he says that the jews are a * `` base , whoring people , that is , no people of god , and their boast of lineage , circumcision , and law must be accounted as filth . 
  '' * they are * `` full of the devil 's feces ... which they wallow in like swine . 
  '' * the synagogue was a * `` defiled bride , yes , an incorrigible whore and an evil slut '' * . 
   he argues that their synagogues and schools be set on fire , their prayer books destroyed , rabbis forbidden to preach , homes razed , and property and money confiscated . 
  they should be shown no mercy or kindness , afforded no legal protection , and these * `` poisonous envenomed worms '' * should be drafted into forced labor or expelled for all time . 
  he also seems to advocate their murder , writing * '' [ w ] e are at fault in not slaying them '' * . 
  hmm , how is that not hate speech ? 
  i do n't know about your country since you do n't show it , but it is the practice in almost all countries to grant immunity to parliament members , precisely to protect them against politically-motivated prosecutions by the government , and sometimes also for government , to protect them against enemies throwing false accusations at them all the time to make it impossible for them to govern . 
  there 's always ways to lift the immunity , for instance famously in the us the impeachment procedure . 
  in parliaments generally you need the other members to approve the lift . 
  of course it only ends up protecting people with lots of friends , like senator serge dassault , who somehow managed to keep his immunity even though he was suspected of murder complicity ( !, 
  ) , while others like mlp lose theirs precisely for the kind of stuff this immunity was created for . 
  the femen do more against hate preachers than the fn . 
  especially when all the fn does is preaching more hate . 
  maybe you should not take everything she says at face value ? 
  it was n't islamist militants taking control of a neighbourhood and applying shariah law . 
  it was a street where mosque-goers , because they lacked room inside , ended up praying in front of the mosque and therefore temporarily blocking traffick . 
  which is illegal , sure , but nowhere close to the wehrmacht ruling the country . 
  and the only reason it happened is because the police used to let them ; when they asked them to stop , they did . 
  i 'm not . 
  but i do n't see how one excludes the other . 
  by the way , the left-wing in france is pretty anti-religious and does n't really have any tolerance for islamism ( see charlie hebdo , or recently the feminist disruption of islamic preachers ) . 
  it has always been banned to block the street . 
  at the time , there were people regularly blocking one street next to their mosque because it was too small to contain all of them . 
  the police and government ( claude gu\u00e9ant , really not pro-islam ) deliberately let them do so , just long enough so that people get angry about it . 
  then he finally just asked them to stop and they did . 
  as far as i know there has n't been any similar issue since then . 
  the eu is and has always been a federal project . 
  member states are only sovereign in that they are free to leave if they want . 
   i 'd like o vote for the european commission too the eu is a parliamentary system , the commission is elected through the parliament 's election , with the majority leader becoming commission president . 
  the problem is not that we do n't directly elect it , but that contrary to politicians at the national level , eu ones are mostly uncharismatic people that noone cares about especially the media , so the selection of candidates is a democratic farce decided behind closed doors by the political elites . 
  who the hell knew martin schulz before he got selected as socialist candidate in 2014 ? 
  who the hell even knew about him during the election campaign ? 
  i 'd say that instead of a direct election of the commission , what we need is eu-wide open primaries just as in the us , to select the major parties ' leaders/candidates . 
  this would be mediatic , interest people , lead ` bigger ' politicians to enter the race , and allow us to actually debate european issues . 
  shhh , do n't you see it 's the german fourth reich invading europe ? 
   `` the eu '' also told greece to let refugees pass source ? 
  why do people spin it as if it was a sort of anschluss ? 
  merkel is proposing that the eu takes its responsibility with the migrant crisis at the greek-turkish border instead of letting the broke greeks deal with it alone just because their country is at the wrong place . 
  how is that not fair ? 
  besides you ca n't stop the flood without first fixing the breach by which all those people come . 
  edit : that is also exactly what viktor orban called for the other day . 
  fuck you for proposing help ? 
  makes sense . 
  not just border control , but also tax collection , anti-corruption taskforces , and all basic social protection . 
  that way , not only it would avoid the issues of cronyism and corruption and benefit from more efficient management , but the budgets of all those sectors would be guaranteed by the eu and so they would n't be affected by the austerity in greece . 
  everyone wins . 
  actually , the voter turnout is so low in the us that 6 % of people can have significant power if they 're mobilized . 
  i picked a random congressional district , 2nd district of arkansas . 
  there are 666,000 inhabitants , so 6 % mean 40,000 people . 
  that is enough to get one of the big parties ' nomination with 60 % + in the primary election , and already 17 % of votes secured for the general election . 
  they would only need to convince 12 % of people that they are better than the alternative , and they 'd get elected . 
  it seems they just picked up the voters of laos when the latter supported the austerity plans . 
  i do n't think a significant portion of the population became full-blown neo-nazi overnight . 
  [ especially when their first symbol was a swastika . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/27/ha1cover.jpg ), 
  ir ( on is ) land , 
  my point was that what orban calls `` weakness '' is simply the fact we do n't want to kill people needlessly . 
  he implies we are not capable of defending ourselves just because we do n't shoot migrants . 
  but if it was a situation that actually requires us to kill , we would be more than capable to do so . 
   what about freedom of movement of the refugees ? 
  theoretically they do n't have any , neither by asylum conventions nor european treaties . 
  they have asylum in one country , not in the eu or the entire world . 
  doing what specifically ? 
  this is flawed as hell . 
  it 's pretty clear the limits were chosen to fit the 250 years theory rather than to represent the reality of power . 
  for instance , the roman republic and the roman empire are shown as different empires , as if augustus cumulating offices was the end of a civilization . 
  but no . 
  it was just a regime change . 
  it did n't change anything in terms of geopolitics . 
  caesar 's conquests did , but they 're not considered . 
  also the roman republic was pretty small for most of its history and not dominating the region , so how was it an empire ? 
  and the roman empire fell in 180 ad ? 
  what the f * ck am i reading ? 
  some of the `` fall '' dates correspond to regime changes , others to dynasty changes , others to some military defeat , some to absolutely nothing in particular . 
  and of course plenty of very powerful empires are simply not mentioned . 
  obviously because they do n't fit the theory . 
  did china 's empire last only 250 years ? 
  oh , no , it has lasted for millenia and created the biggest nation in the world . 
  the * pax mongolica * lasted for only around 100 years .
