  the communists were also contested on their left , by trotskyist , maoist , etc. 
  movements . 
  today even though it makes no sense anymore , you still have ( at least ) two different trotskyist parties presenting candidates every election besides the communists . 
  in may 1968 , when the country was entirely paralysed by a general strike and the students rose up , asking among other things for de gaulle to leave , the communist party was completely panicked and left out of the game , not controlling anything . 
  in 1981 , the socialist party finally comes to power after decades of right-wing rule , and some communists re-enter government . 
  starting from that point , they turn into a mere backup for the socialists . 
  at the same time , the intellectuals eventually break with communism , and the fall of the eastern block completely gives the proof that their ideas would not work . 
  the socialists move further right , and the communists shift in the same way , not advocating any kind of communism anymore but a simply more radical version of the socialists ' programs . 
  at each election they drop lower and lower , only really gathering support from people that are emotionnally attached to the party , until 2007 when their candidate did n't even get 2 % of the votes . 
  the next year , however , a socialist politician ( m\u00e9lenchon ) broke apart from his party because it kept moving to the right . 
  he created the left party and became popular because of his speaking skills . 
  the communists , still having plenty of resources and a well functionning political machine but no electors , accepted to ally with him , followed by many voters but without a proper party . 
  they created the left front , which then opened and federated many other far-left movements . 
  their platform did not follow the communist ideology ( more `` eco-socialist '' ) but was still somehow more radical than what the communists had been for years . 
  m\u00e9lenchon gathered huge crowds and was the revelation of the campaign , eventually getting 11 % of the votes . 
  but since then people have gotten quite tired of him , the left front votes fell back and its unity is very relative . 
  the two trotskyist parties i talked about reacted differently : the lutte ouvri\u00e8re ( workers ' struggle ) party kept extremely sectarian and doctrinal , and remains absolutely fringe . 
  the ligue communiste r\u00e9volutionnaire ( revolutionary communist league ) however , tried to attract younger people less familiar with communist ideology , by presenting a popular and sympathetic young postman as presidential candidate , which had some success ( more than 5 % of votes , for a trotskyist party that 's quite huge ) . 
  but then the hype came down . 
  so they decided to drop the trotskyism altogether and became the `` new anticapitalist party '' . 
  however that was n't such a good move because now they can just criticize capitalism without having anything else to propose . 
   the journey of a 1609.3 km starts with 1 step . 
  thanks mr. bot , you 're really helpful , 
  sounds like a comic book super-villain . 
  schengen only means there are no id checks at the border , not that eu citizens ca n't come live , work and spend their $ uros everywhere in the union . 
  this sounds * very * similar to the [ marbury vs. madison case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marbury_v._madison ) in the first years of the united states : in exactly the same way , the federalists appointed federalist judges before losing power to the democrats , who then refused to validate the appointments . 
  instead of giving all power to one party or the other , it increased those of the supreme court itself . 
  yeah , i like onfray ( at least compared to other living `` intellectuals '' ) but he is a complete moron when it comes to foreign policy . 
  how about `` not letting djihadists take down another country and build yet another afghanistan or isis in the center of west africa '' ? 
  there was really no other choice than intervention . 
  france had military ties with mali and the required experience to push back the islamists immediately , so we did . 
  it was n't the result of a long cost-benefit analysis . 
  on the contrary the cost of long-term military presence was too high so we asked the rest of the world and especially african countries themselves to get involved , which is what the minusma is . 
  there 's something important to know though : we do n't * buy * the african uranium , it is already the property of our state companies . 
  so it does matter a bit . 
  now i think people are still way too much cynical about the war in mali . 
  of course it 's in our interest that the sahara does n't become a new afghanistan or isis . 
  it 's in everyone 's interest . 
  it 's not a question of natural resources . 
   these countries are n't used to democracy so you admit it is not a democracy ? 
   despite him being democratically elected . 
  he literally inherited the country from his father and did n't bother even * allowing * any other party during all his rule , until he was cornered in civil war and the west urged to oust him . 
  then the only multi-candidate election took place in full civil war in only one part of the country , boycotted by the opposition , with no international standard , and most importantly against two absolutely unknown people ( while assad 's gigantic portrait is everywhere ) who were officially chosen as candidates by assad 's party and have no problem saying they are not political opposition and do n't intend to win . 
  one of them was even expelled from his own party . 
  really if you consider that to be a free and fair democratic election , you must think the same of all those other `` not-at-all-dictators '' who manage to always get 80-90 % of the votes during decades ( like ben ali in tunisia , 89 % of the votes in 2009 ) , until for some reason they 're overthrown by mass protests , revolutions or insurrections . 
  we westerners must be really bad at governing if even the most popular leaders like merkel can barely get a 54 % approval . 
  it 's sad , but the good news is that the state is acting against arms smugglers . 
  it will be very difficult to eradicate djihadism from our countries , but if at least radicalized people could n't so easily get their hands on rocket-launchers and ak-47 , it 'd already be better . 
  i think the problem is in part from the swedish ( or finnish/german/british / etc. ), 
  government itself . 
  in most european countries , people ( at least at first ) accepted to get in migrants from all around the world but did n't change the way they thought about their nation and national identity : as an ethnicity . 
  so not only the anti-immigration folks always consider non-whites as not * truly * nationals , but always foreigners living in the country , no matter if they have the nationality or not ; but much worse , the leftists themselves actually think the same !, 
  the only difference is that they do n't have a problem with foreigners living in their country , on the contrary it 's exactly what they want : multiculturalism , as in the cohabitation of different cultures and different people . 
  so they do n't even really try to assimilate the immigrants to make them swedish/finnish/etc . , they prefer celebrating and accomodating their cultural differences . 
  of course this does nothing against ghettoization . 
  and if the `` foreign '' population keeps increasing without getting assimilated , people who used to support multiculturalism when it was about being nice to small token minorities realize that if it continues they 're going to `` lose their country '' , so they fall into the arms of the far-right to `` take it back '' . 
  all that because people lied to immigrants when they gave them citizenship papers telling them they were swedish/finnish/etc . , but in fact never considering them as such or even able to ever become so . 
  in france we 're probably a bit closer to the us in this regard : during the revolution we decided that all inhabitants of the former kingdom would be french citizens , including bretons , occitans , alsacians , basques , corsicans ( at the time each speaking a different language ) , etc. 
  but also jews , and blacks and mixed-race people from our then-colonies . 
  since then , our nationality is not based in any way on race or ethnicity , but on our `` will to live together '' as a single people and under the same fundamental principles . 
  even the far-right would n't deny that individually people can be french and of any origin . 
   leader of the jewish community that 's a bit presumptuous . 
  he 's the president of an association claiming to represent german jews . 
  it 's not as if all german jews had a special id and went to vote every four years for their president . 
  otherwise , yes it 's obvious germany can not host all the asylum seekers of the world . 
  even if they were not muslim . 
  the question of refugees is at the international level the same issue as homeless people at the national level : the community has to do something to help them in the short run and fix their problems in the longer run , but still it does n't mean you have to personally host every homeless person who rings at your door without condition and for an indefinite amount of time . 
  if you do , not only you 'll run out of resources to properly house them , and of course your family life will be completely changed , but it 's also not hard to guess that at least a couple of them will be mad or violent and end up ruining it for you and everyone else . 
  it looked good and then mi-france ruined everything . 
  also many former pieds noirs ( european settlers in algeria ) moved there after 1962 . 
  it 's always been a stronghold for the fn , although they never really managed to get as high as they seem to be now . 
  and brits made fun of our socialist party for merely symbolic taxes ... 
  seriously , some of those things , like `` nationalise companies that axe jobs '' are so ridiculous that i already felt a bit ashamed that the only party proposing it in france got 1 % of the votes . 
  here it is your official opposition . 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  not necessarily . 
  the state does n't have to go in details and prescribe what is the correct interpretation of islam and so on . 
  but it can set rules saying that religious teachings have to be compatible with this or that fundamental value to receive certification . 
   seriously ? 
  there are people like this living in a place like france ? 
  there are people in france bombing and slaughtering random people around them , if you had n't noticed . 
   is the national front what i know as front national ? 
  yep  if i was gay , i 'd vote for something like that too . 
  well there is no reason anymore why a gay person otherwise sharing the fn ideas would n't vote for them , considering we already passed gay marriage and they 're not homophobes anymore ( or at least not their leadership and platform ) . 
  and obviously being gay makes you quite more sensible to the problems of having an increasing and too often intolerant muslim population . 
  however people in this thread accusing all other parties of wanting gays dead because of their less strict immigration policies is really over the top . 
  as far as france is concerned , the left-wing does * not * have any tolerance for homophobia coming from muslims , and on the contrary they are the ones who push for more education of people to accept homosexuality . 
  also as always i have to remind that the fn in power would be more counterproductive than anything , because the muslims are already here and french citizens . 
  the best solution is to try and make them more secular , tolerant and progressive , like our unveiled `` muslim '' feminist gay-friendly education minister , rather than voluntarily fuel conflict and division that would only radicalize them . 
  it is quite incredible how much the fn can stretch to appeal to completely different demographics and ideologies . 
  especially if you compare it to the far-left , which has always been extremely fragmented over very petty disagreements . 
  on the far-right , the ideological differences are much bigger between royalists , neonazis , gaullists , anti-gaullists from the oas , poujadists , euroskeptic left-wingers , disillusioned communists , anti-islam liberals , pro-israel `` culture clash '' advocates , and even `` antizionist '' minorities . 
  yet le pen father and daughter have managed to keep all those people more or less together for decades . 
   her party was at the forefront of the protests against the introduction of same-sex marriage that 's absolutely wrong . 
  the fn was ( surprisingly from an exterior point of view , but unsurprisingly if you know how many gay people are in its leadership ) very quiet during those protests and refused to participate , contrary to the `` moderate '' right-wing party , which vehemently fought it as if it was the end of the world . 
  the fn officially opposed the reform so as not to alienate a big part of their electorate but it was pretty clear they actually did support the content of the law , which is why they were so embarrassed during the protests . 
  on a side note , almost all of the `` moderate '' right-wing party 's leaders who protested so much against gay marriage did also actually support it in private . 
  i guess it tells a lot about their level of demogagogy . 
   she 's no different to most u.s republicans . 
  she is .
