  also all of this is based on the ridiculous assumption that greece would be `` kicked out '' of the euro , which is not possible , but most of all does not fit the current scenario . 
  it is not the eu which would kick greece out , but greece that would be left without any financial means anymore , and whose only option would be to print its own money , which is not possible in the eurozone . 
  so they would leave on their own , not be kicked out . 
  this is wrong on so many levels . 
  let alone the backstabbing of an ally , the ** national security ** agency uses public funding supposed to fight terrorism and spend it on spying private companies for the benefit of other private companies . 
  you do realize you have more refugees * per capita * than malta when you have far more inhabitants and are far , far away from the zones of conflict ? 
  damn swedish government and their policy of killing a swede everytime an immigrant comes . 
  i do n't really care what policy the greeks take , they can have high taxes or they can have low spending , it 's their decision to make . 
  but what i 'm saying is that they definitely can fix it by themselves - foreign aid is only here to help them not default in the very short term . 
  saying they * ca n't * balance the budget with austerity implies that there just is n't enough money in greece to pay for the most basic expenses . 
  if that was the case , they would n't only need a bailout , they would need humanitarian relief from the red cross , unicef , fao , etc. 
  of course austerity policies cause a recession , but that 's just the reverse of the keynesian stimulus that is artificially maintained year after year by running a deficit . 
  it is just a return to the reality of the economy . 
  unfortunately the french are somehow certain they wo n't have to take this medicine , ever . 
  that things will solve by themselves somehow . 
  hollande 's program was based on the assumption that there would be 3 % growth every year for his entire term ( lol ) . 
   do you not remember what got greece into this mess in the first place ? 
  the greek government ? 
   the troika got greece into this situation i 'm glad and surprised to hear greece did n't need any money at all in the first place . 
  the evul troika appeared out of nowhere and forced greece to take it , then used it as a pretext to apply evul neoliberal policies to kill greece and make it so that they will never be able to repay the money . 
  that 's so machiavelic . 
  i do n't really know the point of it all , but it was certainly worth throwing hundreds of billions to the trash . 
   so yes , someone , somewhere does owe greece something . 
  who and what ? 
  you 're just saying `` it 's the troika 's fault '' . 
  even if i conceded that the troika demanded stupid reforms that harmed the economy even more , that would n't change anything . 
  they do n't owe money to greece , it 's the contrary . 
  and their policies were approved by the greeks , who always had and still have the possibility to fix their shit by themselves . 
   if anything the basis of the european project and the european union is solidarity greece is very far from being the poorest state in the union . 
  there are millions of people in the eu living with a much lower purchasing power and state benefits , and we do n't give them hundreds of billions of euros so that they can afford the same standard of living as the west . 
  i 'm federalist and all for more transfers between states , but that 's not the case here . 
  greece and greece alone asks for other countries to pay for their deficit while also saying they wo n't try to further reduce it . 
  i 'd say that this situation is precisely what 's hurting the european project . 
  if greece was not in the eu , they would have had to deal with it by themselves , without blaming germany for all their problems and without causing obvious resentment from the northern states . 
  neither obama nor i are talking about this temporary measure against bank runs . 
  i 'm federalist and do n't understand why so many europeans assume the eu * has * to apply some policies that even actually federal states would never even think of . 
  it 's the same as this migrant quotas thing : would you imagine the us government sharing and sending its migrants in each state ? 
  saying that there are too many mexicans in texas and that they 'll be sent to oregon ? 
  when california had budget problems they had to solve that by themselves . 
  why the hell would the federal government have handed them money because it was `` too hard '' to balance their budget ? 
  probably because romanians did n't think of getting the other countries to pay their taxes instead . 
  living out of other people 's money is not a `` growth strategy '' . 
  except if that money is used for actual long-term investments , but it is n't , it is just used for the current expenses . 
  and if you base your solution to the crisis on investment , then it means you 'll have to keep bailing out greece for years and years and years , plus make those huge investments , without even certainty that they will pay off . 
  either the greek economy is able to afford its state 's expenditures , and then it means they just need to raise that money themselves ; or it can not . 
  and if it can not possibly afford those expenditures , it is not anyone else 's duty to pay for them - they 'll have to cut those spendings . 
  greece is very far from being the poorest state in the union . 
  there are millions of people in the eu living with a much lower purchasing power and state benefits , and we do n't give them hundreds of billions of euros so that they can afford the same standard of living as the west . 
  how is it contempt for democracy ? 
  the imf is not the greek government , it is not supposed to answer to the greeks in preference to all the other people of the world who contributed money to its funds and need it back , or at least the guaranty it wo n't be wasted . 
  ust because tsipras has been elected by greeks does n't give him any right to the imf 's money . 
  he 's just elected as a negociator , but he ca n't force the other part to concede everything to him . 
  if the greeks do n't like being imposed budget cuts , that 's fine . 
  noone owes them anything . 
  they can try and raise the money from their own economy instead and see how it works . 
  i do n't know if it 's still the case , but when i was in italy the tv shows seemed to all have a very old male host in a suit , assisted by a bunch of young beautiful women with revealing clothes , who had apparently no reason to be there other than having boobs . 
  * by his own parliament * . 
  in france we had chev\u00e8nement and his party the mrc , but he 's really marginal now and allied with the ps which is pro-eu . 
  the national front ( far-right ) , with its vp florian philippot who 's an ex-member of the mrc , is now heavily influenced by chevenementist ideas , as part of its strategy to get normalized . 
  most of their propositions are now pretty much left-wing . 
  which is quite a twist since a few decades ago the party idolized reagan and his policies . 
  anyway , this article is ridiculous :  much of the eu 's activity is non-socialist neither is the british labour , so i do n't see what 's surprising . 
  most people are not socialist and our economic system is based on free entreprise . 
  in what universe was european construction even supposed to abolish capitalism ? 
  also just because you do n't like the policies of the british government does n't mean the uk must balkanize ; well that 's the same for the eu . 
  do n't like it ? 
  vote . 
  that 's all . 
   undemocratic the eu is more democratic than the uk . 
  power is held by the democratically elected and * representative * parliament and the council of democratically elected national governments . 
  the commission is not directly elected by the people because it is a parliamentary system , exactly like the uk . 
  the commission is led by the majority leader and is fully responsible to parliament . 
   and even sometimes horrific lol, 
  terrorism is absolutely negligible as a threat . 
  people panic because those attacks are spectacular , and this is precisely their goal . 
  terrorist organizations commit terror attacks because they are not able to actually wage war in a decisive way . 
  so instead they try to break the opponents ' morale . 
  that 's why panic is the stupidest reaction possible to a terror attack . 
  yeah i know . 
  as discussed elsewhere in the thread i actually thought of putting mississipi , but i had a doubt and went with the most well known and stereotypical , since for many foreigners [ the usa are like this ] ( https://hedgersabroad.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/usa-map.png ) . 
  the european court of justice now has the same power to rule on human rights matters , based on both the echr and the eu charter of fundamental rights . 
  but it implicitely recognizes the primacy of the european court for human rights , so it would most probably not rule differently ... except if there is basis in the eucfr to do so . 
  and the eucfr explicitely forbids discrimination based on sexual orientation , contrary to the echr . 
  so theoretically it 'd be possible , though it 's really unlikely and its impact would be seriously limited by the treaties . 
  the arguments against adoption by same-sex parents because children deserve a mom and a dad are understandable ( though often hypocritical * ) . 
  they were at the very core of the debate here , but i 'm surprised they 're so rarely used in other countries , especially in the us . 
  on the contrary as you said , many opponents oppose gay marriage quite vehemently just because of the name , but would be ready to accept adoption . 
  ( * in france it was perfectly legal for single people to adopt , and no politician seemed to care about the impressive divorce rates or the fact a majority of children are born out of wedlock ), 
  it does n't matter if people are stupid and vote `` wrong '' . 
  they are sovereign . 
  no decision that they disapprove of is legitimate . 
  representatives are only supposed to take the decisions that the people could technically not , or would not bother deciding directly , not to usurp sovereignty . 
  it 's as if the person you hired to do construction work followed his own plans instead of yours : he 's here to serve , and you get to decide . 
  if the greeks want to return to the drachma , it would be their sovereign decision and responsibility , even if all it causes is hyperinflation . 
  the people who vote are all adults . 
  when they take decisions for themselves , they are responsible for them , even if they make a bad investment for instance . 
  they do n't have to elect a guardian that will take all decisions for them during five years or so . 
  why would they not be responsible enough to make decisions as a group ? 
  since the revolution it 's a fine french tradition to cut people 's heads off . 
  you forgot to put the italic .
