  cute little switzerland and its leaderless directorial system :3, 
  gallup is not really known to make biased studies , and their methodology seems solid . 
  [ see the complete survey here . 
  ] ( http://www.olir.it/areetematiche/pagine/documents/news_2150_gallup2009.pdf ) it only means that on a representative sample of more than 500 british muslims , not one of them considered homosexuality to be acceptable . 
  of course there is a margin of error and the real figure can not be 0 % . 
  but that margin of erroris of only 5 % . 
  if 95 % of british muslims see homosexuality as unacceptable , there is a problem . 
  the difference with france and germany is not that surprising . 
  british muslims come from much more conservative countries like pakistan , somalia or nigeria , compared to relatively more liberal countries like turkey , tunisia , algeria , etc. 
  [ yet only 27 % say homosexual acts are acceptable . 
  35 % in france , and ... 0 % in the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) [ discussion on ummah.com concludes it 's the french and german muslims who have a serious problem . 
  ] ( http://www.ummah.com/forum/showthread.php?390697-muslims-in-britain-have-zero-tolerance-of-homosexuality-says-poll ), 
  i 'd say we can just transfer a part of social security at the european level , ensuring very basic coverage to all , while national governments would keep the right to grant higher or other benefits on their own budget . 
  that way noone would get less help than before . 
  the eu would pay a basic income to the elderly , the handicapped , the unemployed , and pay/reimburse a part of the drugs and healthcare . 
  at least at first , it would not directly grant the benefits to people but pay back to the states its part of the benefits awarded . 
  that would make it much easier to work for both states with a national health service and those who just reimburse healthcare costs . 
  so that way , the differences in social protection systems would not matter much . 
   hopefully the future leaders of the eu will all end up mostly knowing each-other . 
  how in hell would that be a good thing ? 
  national elites are already far too much concentrated , with politicians , ceos and journalists coming from the same schools and exchanging favours . 
   check flag something smells fishy . 
  i guess you 're not talking of esperanto but of another language which also starts with an e . in which case the answer is `` non '' . 
  on top of all the pseudoscientific racism measuring the skulls of people and so on , the nazis went probably the furthest into pseudoscience . 
  they tried to rewrite history so that every single valuable civilization in the world was built by germanic aryans . 
  they also made a lot of completely baseless affirmations about those ancient germanic aryans , mostly based on the claims of theosophy , a weird occultist cult of the time - the swastika , for instance , was quite insignificant in actual germanic history , but came to the nazis straight from theosophy , and they decreted it was the ancient and eternal symbol of their people . 
  the nazis also spent a lot of money on archeological expeditions all around the world to find `` evidence '' of their claims about aryans . 
  they rejected einsteins ' and others ' works as `` jewish physics '' . 
  but the craziest and most incredible is the `` world ice doctrine '' or `` frozen cosmogony '' of hanns h\u00f6rbiger , which said that basically everything in the universe is made of ice ( i guess because it makes it more `` nordic '' or something ) , and that there were several successive ( ice - ) moons which all ended up crashing down on earth . 
  h\u00f6rbiger based all of that not on any observation or experiment or actual theory , but on a dream he had , and organized his followers as a cult , harassing actual scientists . 
  yet this was adopted as official scientific position , endorsed by all highest nazi leaders including hitler , and they planned on building a museum where h\u00f6rbiger 's system would be the new , modern one after those of ptolemy and of copernicus . 
  `` our nordic ancestors grew strong in ice and snow ; belief in the cosmic ice is consequently the natural heritage of nordic man . 
  '' , `` just as it needed a child of austrian culture -- hitler !, 
  -- to put the jewish politicians in their place , so it needed an austrian to cleanse the world of jewish science . '', 
  do fifa leaders really care that much about their public image , at this point ? 
  we need a european social security , a european military or anything else with a big budget . 
  because if there is a big european budget , it will act as an automatic mechanism to balance crises in countries like greece or spain : as they get poorer , they will pay less taxes and receive more benefits . 
  also a mutualized social security would mean people 's benefits would not be affected when countries like greece or spain implement austerity . 
  this is the # 1 difference between the us dollar and the eurozone , and the reason why the eurozone is dysfunctional . 
  by the way i like that idea of an anti-corruption taskforce . 
  france legalized incest and beastiality the same day it legalized homosexuality , sodomy , pornography and adultery , 225 years ago . 
  i do n't think it turned us into an inbred , degenerate laughing stock . 
  just into a country where victimless crimes are not crimes . 
  now beastiality is arguably banned again ( the law is a bit ambiguous ) because of animal welfare . 
  if centuries of legality had made zoophilia normal , i presume there would have been some protest when it got banned . 
  but no , noone cared or even noticed . 
  * new constitution , with less powers to the president , proportionnal representation and more direct democracy ( popular initiatives ) * legalize , control and tax drugs - with a system recording all transactions and spotting addicts so that they can receive help * fully legalize and regulate sex work * legalize voluntary , unpaid surrogacy , with possibility for the surrogate mother to keep the child if she wants * legalize assisted suicide , after a delay and psychological help * legalize the non-profit sharing of artistic works , and end copyrights at the death of the author and his/her spouse * largely liberalize the economy , by suppressing subsidies , fixed prices , taxi licenses and similar barriers , * numerus clausus * , and many regulations . 
  rewrite labour laws and other regulations to be easier to understand for small businesses * break down large companies in highly concentrated markets ( particularly in those where the old state monopoly was privatized yet remained a monopoly de facto ) * replace unemployment benefits , handicap benefits , old age minimum , family allocations , tax credits for the working poors , etc. 
  by a single , universal basic income for all citizens . 
  * reform the tax system to have fewer different taxes , very few exceptions and tax credits , and ensure the system is progressive and the rich pay their fair share . 
  keep taxing citizens living abroad , just as the us do . 
  * implement environmental pigovian taxes on activities that pollute / destroy the environment / release greenhouse gas . 
  * recognize animal rights and regulate heavily farming to ensure animal welfare is protected as much as possible . 
  * ban circumcision on minors for non-medical reasons . 
  * impose long warranties on products to limit planned obsolescence . 
  * reduce the amount and regulate the content of advertising , especially targetting children . 
  * end the concordate in alsace-moselle . 
  * make sure that the cultual associations are ruled democratically by their members , do n't have sectarian tendencies ( impossibility for members to leave , spoliation of their goods , endoctrination of children , etc. 
  ) , are entirely financed by their members and not by foreign states and organizations , and adhere to the republic 's fundamental values . 
  * reform the university of paris by re-fusing the universities that split from it , and allow it to become one of the most reputable universities in the world . 
  make professors work on moocs rather than all teaching * ban homeopathy and all other pseudo-medicine * give way more funds to justice and prisons - reform the penal philosophy towards reeducation and personalized punishments , to change prisons into reeducation centers where convicts are pushed to make amends for their crimes and turn into better citizens , and where they can learn skills to reintegrate the workforce * make decisions concerning asylum and illegal immigrants much quicker - and like australia , negociate aggreement with poorer countries so that if someone comes illegally but is deemed a legitimate refugee , he will be sent to that country instead , as punishment for not respecting the legal process and to give no incentive to those who think it is worth it to come illegally . 
  be honest , we french could have called it hrc and in no time it would have generalized in everyday language as ach\u00e8rec\u00e9 . 
  not officially . 
  * and his wife did her part of the job anyway . 
  this map represents everything that is wrong with ethnic nationalism , and the reason why it was stupid to want to divide europe by ethnicity in the first place . 
  as we can see in this thread , absolutely no border is n't automatically contested . 
  it is all arbitrary but trying to pass as objective , natural borders . 
  of course that logic eventually brings conflicts , by people trying to `` correct '' the map . 
  but the most telling is this : see how in that `` europe as it should be '' , switzerland does n't exist . 
  even though the swiss have no problem living together , and feel much closer to each other than to french or germans . 
  but no , their nation can not exist . 
  because they do n't have a single , original , swiss language . 
  they are french , germans , italians , whether they want it or not . 
  good choices !, 
  * l\u2019\u00c9cume des jours * is definitely at the top of my list too . 
  on top of that and what / u/dclauzel listed , i 'd add : * * l'\u00c9tranger * ( the stranger ) by albert camus , quite indescriptible . 
  * * bonjour tristesse * ( hello sadness ) by fran\u00e7oise sagan , a sad story about a teenage girl , her father and his mistress . 
  * * vip\u00e8re au poing * ( viper in the fist ) by herv\u00e9 bazin , a funny novel about conflictual family relations between a boy and his mother . 
  * * les rois maudits * ( the accursed kings ) by maurice druon , about the last direct capetians - a major inspiration for asoiaf . 
  i thought about including proust , but it 's definitely not a must-read for all , since many people would see his books as the embodiment of everything boring . 
  i guess it depends on the person . 
  ** no , fuck that dictatorial eu bureaucracy forcing us to get free money !!!, 
   is it true that france 's prison population is 70 % muslim ? 
  the number is nothing official , but as far as i know the sources are fiable and the government does n't deny it . 
  ** edit : ** / u/jolerigolo gives some important nuance to the number . 
  it 's not outright wrong , though , and not implausible . 
  as he notes , it would imply there are 40,000 muslim prisoners . 
  on 5 million muslims that gives them an incarceration rate of 0.8 % . 
  compare that to the 7 % incarceration rate of black males in the usa . 
   did they ban recording people 's religion to try to cover this up ? 
  it is a very fundamenal principle in france since the revolution that the state shall not consider the race , ethnicity , religion , etc. 
  of people and shall not record that . 
  the law of separation of churches and state also says the state shall not even recognize any religion . 
  people 's ethnicity is seen as inexistent/irrelevant or a flawed concept , and their faith to be a purely private matter . 
  during wwii , both the nazis in northern france and the antisemitic vichy regime in southern france established jewish registries , for the reasons we know . 
  that made the idea of religious and ethnic data even more unpopular . 
  under sarkozy , the government published statistics showing that a very large part of crime in paris was done by romanians ( read : roma people ) . 
  that decision caused massive outrage , so sarkozy hid behind the fact it was just statistics by nationality and not ethnicity . 
  so , no , there is no official record of prisoners ' ( or citizens ' ) faith , but that has nothing to do with the government trying to `` cover up '' the number of muslims in their prison .
