  at first it would n't change anything for the taxpayers and no state would win or lose anything from it . 
  but then when for instance unemployment rises in one state , it means the eu will collect less taxes there and spend more for benefits , and vice versa . 
  this balancing mechanism is precisely what the eurozone currently lacks , compared to the us and other big monetary unions , and it 's in large part the cause of its problems . 
  that 's an interesting idea !, 
  but it would n't fix the imbalances like a fiscal transfer would . 
  the point is to have an automatic mechanism so that when a country gets hit by a crisis but not others , it pays less taxes and receives more transfers , compensating the crisis in part . 
  if we had this , greece could fix its budget far more easily because it could cut the spending without harming growth as much as it currently does . 
  too bad it 's so difficult to differentiate all the colours . 
  that 's good he is working at the european level . 
  however i have to precise that almost all parties in europe are part of a pan-european party , some of them already clearly anti-austerity . 
  because if google was french , it means my personnal data would not be recorded , collected and subject to french secret defense laws , for ever ? 
  there is no reason there should be `` a european google '' , `` an indian google '' , `` a south-american google '' , etc. 
  if google is the best search engine , it will win almost * all * of the market , and will keep it as long as there is n't a big disruption from a new player with a much better service . 
  same for almost all other internet businesses . 
  so it makes no sense to try and create a cheap european copy of google and others . 
  there are already tons of alternatives , but they simply do n't have enough value added compared to the incumbant . 
  the only strategy is to help european start-ups to develop really disruptive things . 
  for instance if a european company somehow managed to create a personal assistant/search engine which would accurately answer any question , working better than siri , google now or cortana , it would quickly win the entire global market . 
  being american is quite irrelevant in this . 
  well it 's more a question of need than of simply giving the same resources for each gender . 
  men definitely deserve counselling and state support when they are victims of rape . 
  however i 'm not sure there are enough male rape victims for specific centers being open everywhere with people working there on taxpayers ' money and waiting for a male victim to come in . 
  the swedish decision sounds more like a symbol than a real commitment . 
  rather than opening centers for male rape victims , we should train social workers to respond better to those situations , and communicate to the public to change mentalities about the subject and push more victims to come and take legal action . 
  pointing at people because they cheat their wife/husband is not `` investigative journalism '' , it 's paparazzi/tabloid magazine stuff . 
  the only thing that matters with politicians is ... their policies . 
  not whoever they have sex with . 
  as i said in my first comment i do n't see why an eu military would undermine nato . 
  we would stay allied with the us , the only difference would be that the relation would be somewhat more balanced . 
  the eu military would be a part of nato , not its rival . 
  you 're right we need to reach the nato 2 % goal though . 
   and will not support eastern europe now what do you mean by that ? 
  ukraine is not in the eu . 
  if eu/nato states were attacked by russia it would automatically mean a nuclear war . 
   why should czechoslovakia trust europe when europe abandoned her to hitlers reich , litteraly let her be gutted by europe to keep a french and british peace with germany ? 
  why should the baltic 's who were abandoned by europe when stalin invaded ? 
  how does that not support my own point of not just having a defensive alliance like nato , but building an actual united military to protect the european territory as a whole and led by the `` federal '' level , not by the national governments ? 
  of course each national government will do anything to protect its own national interest , even if it means betraying their allies . 
  with a unified european command , the french , german , british militaries would be * forced * to fight to protect the baltics whether their national governments like it or not . 
   why should britain put its troops under european leadership ? 
  to create a strong unified european military . 
  if they do n't want , it 's fine . 
   if the eu asked us to pull troops from the falklands to help defend europe would that same eu send troops if argentina made a play for the falklands ? 
  if the falklands are part of the eu and covered by that common security , then yes , by principle . 
  the eu not defending a part of its territory is as ridiculous as the us letting another country invade the american samoas . 
  france also has a lot of islands and can definitely relate . 
  that 's a pretty good point i guess . 
  hmm , did you understand it as if op and i are supporting the status quo ? 
  we quite explicitely call for a system of filters as there is in many other subs . 
  you said power would be transfered to `` unelected european officials i 've never had the chance to vote for/against in my life '' . 
  i showed that you had and still have in the same way you do at the national level . 
  you said `` we 're made subject to laws which we do not create ourselves '' . 
  i showed you we did approve all those laws through our elected representatives , just as we do at the national level , and i asked you to give any single example of a law which was imposed on us without that approval . 
  of course you ignored that . 
  i do n't see the strawman either . 
  you said the eu officials were unelected and that they imposed laws without people 's consent . 
  would n't that be `` a dictatorship of unelected bureaucrats '' ? 
  we explained to you several times that there are constituencies in denmark as well , meaning you do n't vote for candidates of other regions , and even if there was n't , the majority of mps in the folketing were not elected by you but by other people supporting other parties . 
  because as surprising as it might sound , other people also have a voice about the policies that affect them too . 
  but you just keep repeating that it 's somehow undemocratic that germans or swedes get to vote on eu policy . 
  about the small number of danish meps , what you should also know is that small countries like yours are * over * - represented both in parliament and in council . 
  now you 're bringing an entire new point that has absolutely nothing to do with your government 's opt-in proposal , proving right the other dane who was afraid people would just blindly vote `` no '' because `` fuck the eu '' regardless of what is proposed . 
  you complain about the free movement of labour , which has been an important part of the eec treaties since 1957 , was approved directly by the danish people in 1972 by an almost two-thirds majority , then precised by eu laws all voted by a majority in the democratically elected parliament and a super-majority in the council of democratically elected governments . 
  all the rights it offers to eu citizens in denmark are also offered to danish citizens elsewhere in the eu , meaning you are protected against discriminations from the other states if you choose to work there . 
  and on this issue as on security and justice issues , as on any issues at all , european construction does not mean a `` loss of sovereignty '' in any way . 
  in a legal/theoretical sense , all member states are fully sovereign because ultimately they are just subjected to the treaties that they signed and from which they can withdraw as they wish at any time , and to the eu laws adopted following the treaties ' rules and process . 
  and in a practical sense , powers are never * lost * to some undemocratic force , but * shared * at the european level as if it was a democratic federal state . 
   the second in which he did avoid a coup during the algerian crisis disregarding the fact he came to power by a coup thanks to the same generals , and for the same reason . 
  i 'm surprised anarchists do n't have their own category . 
  also just counting the number of terror attacks is quite misleading , should n't it count the number of casualties ? 
  ( maybe there should also be a special mention about who the victims are ? 
  some of those attacks in this list include the murder of a president , the bombing of parliament , the death of anonymous strangers or the mass shooting of children at school . 
  i think those are notably different things and produce a varying degree of panic in the population . ), 
  that would solve the problem perfectly . 
  note that it 's not just a problem of two groups cohabitating , one which wants to talk about immigration and the other not at all . 
  i guess everyone agrees that when there is a relevant news story even related to immigration it should have its own thread , it 's just that it floods the rest of the subreddit , a subreddit supposed to be about europe . 
  with a system of filters , people could read and participate in immigration-related threads if they want , and then activate the filter to find easily the other posts . 
  no , the megathreads were just a big mess extremely impractical and which just served as an excuse to delete everything somewhat related to immigration and hindered any debate about related news stories . 
  a system of filters as op proposes would be incredibly better , people would be free to talk about it but also free not to get flooded by it or even free to avoid seeing it at all , as if it was banned . 
  so everyone would be happy . 
   i 'm talking about those we dont elect from other nations like you do n't personally elect all the mps elected to the folketing by other constituencies than your own ? 
  i know , this is so unfair that other people than you can have a say in policies that affect them too . 
   and other administrative bodies of the european union . 
  like you do n't elect your own national high civil servants ? 
   we 're made subject to laws which we do not create ourselves and you know this . 
  dont play stupid . 
  okay , name one eu law which was adopted without approval from democratically elected representatives ? 
  i 'm not playing stupid , i 'm playing as someone who actually knows how the european institutions work , instead of just parroting that it 's a dictatorship of unelected bureaucrats . 
  and it happens all eu laws have to be approved by a majority in the democratically elected european parliament and a supermajority in the council of democratically elected national governments . 
  the commission is approved and depends on the support of the parliament exactly as our national governments depend on our national parliaments , and it is led by the candidate of the winning party at the last elections . 
  the only limits to eu democracy are those put in place * by euroskeptics * so that the council of national governments keep a lot of control and power compared to parliament and commission . 
  but even then , as i said , they are democratically elected as well , so that is still legitimate . 
   our only democratic body  unelected european officials https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( denmark ), 
  why do you think the syrian situation should be treated differently ? 
  why all compassion and solidarity for syrians but none for all the other people on earth ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  what is your reasoning behind the double standard that we should accept all syrian refugees but no other in the world ? 
  you ca n't expect latuff of knowing what he 's talking about . 
  there are always chances to fix anyone , teenager or not . 
  but as i said in another comment , we 're talking about people actually , physically waging war against us and slaughtering innocents .
