  it 's surprising the ep got convinced by it , but it will definitely not be approved by the national governments . 
  mr ( s ) . 
  is n't there already one ( article 222 of tfeu ) ? 
  that the passport is false does n't mean it was n't used specifically to enter as a refugee . 
  ** edit : ** it 's confirmed the terrorist * did * enter through greece as a refugee ; his fingerprints match those taken at the time . 
  so not only we let terrorists in but do n't even check that their passport is legit . 
  you do realize it is `` growing '' because of children being born into it , right ? 
  [ if you take natality out of it , you get a very , very different picture of how dynamic and attractive christianity is at the moment compared to other religions and to atheism . 
  and make mexico pay for it . 
  well i stand corrected , it seems you guys were right about isis implication , specific targetting of france from abroad and the use of false asylum seekers . 
  some interesting thought : in the 70s western europe was plagued by communist terrorism , and by 1990 communism was pretty much dead everywhere in the world . 
   and support their agenda . 
  which is ? 
  in france , the national front will not `` deport muslims '' or do anything really different from the current government besides relatively tougher immigration policies , which is quite irrelevant since we 're talking about homegrown terrorism . 
  what i can predict with an fn government though , is that they 'll do all their possible to provoke minorities to riot , so that white people get scared and keep voting for them . 
  the fn has nothing to gain from better assimilation , integration , secularization of muslims and peace . 
  it has all interest in stirring shit up and plunging our country into ethnic conflict . 
  if they get to power , i 'll be on my way to switzerland . 
  the far-right has no real plan to solve theterrorism issue , and i 'm not sure it even wants to solve the issue . 
  on the contrary , all it does is feeding itself from it without having to do any work thinking and trying to solve problems . 
  you just have to take a look at the candidates they have for parliament , they 're just random people who accepted to have their names on the posters but never gave a speech , wrote anything or really are involved in politics at all ( some just posting a few racist tweets but that 's it ) . 
  they just put the fn logo next to their name and recolt the sweet sweet votes . 
  there was jihadist terrorism long before isis and destroying isis would not stop it , especially since it certainly gave no real financial or operational support for the attacks , which were most likely home-grown as all the previous ones . 
  you can topple a genocidal organization like isis but it 's much more difficult to topple a genocidal * ideology * like jihadism . 
  edit : turns out i was wrong , and isis really is involved . 
  we know perfectly who is doing those attacks , and who will probably do the next . 
  not `` muslims '' , but a list of a couple thousand radical islamists . 
  they are already under surveillance , but it is not possible to spy properly on all of them , so shit like this keep happening . 
  we do n't know much yet about yesterday 's attackers but the previous ones were always already supposed to be under surveillance . 
  discriminating or even `` kicking out '' millions of muslims because of their religion or origins would be ridiculously unfair . 
  but we can and should definitely act against those ~ 5000 people . 
  surveillance is not enough . 
  we ca n't just keep enemy fighters at home and hope they wo n't do anything . 
  what we could do is arrest and judge all of them for treason/intelligence with the enemy/apology of terrorism for supporting or having links with the is/jihadism . 
  but then they 'll just be in our prisons , and i 'd rather have them completely out . 
  what i 'd like is to purely and simply take back the citizenship and nationality of people who fight against france 's very fundamental principles . 
  basically if you would not be accepted for naturalization , you are not french ( even if you were born so ) . 
  claiming the contrary implies that deciding nationality is just a matter of birth and we ca n't change it , but that 's obviously wrong and contrary to france 's conception of the nation . 
  if people want to share our culture and values and live with us together , then they are our brothers ; but so if they actively reject our culture , our values , and kill us , then i do n't see how they are supposed to be part of the family . 
  if it happens to people without any other nationality , it would breach the international convention on apatrides , but we are perfectly free to take back our signature and i think it is perfectly justified to do so . 
  those apatrides could just be placed in retention camps with illegal immigrants , and wait there until another country accepts to take them in . 
   those who support them that 's the key . 
  we are democratic countries , and as far as i 'm concerned i * do * support bombing isis or fighting against jihadists in mali . 
  it makes sense that from the perspective of a jihadist i am equally guilty and deserving of death . 
  even if you do n't get that pretty flawed logic , i guess you can see how it 's possible for a particularly deluded , gullible and angry person to fall for it . 
  you 're right in general but these attacks were carefully planned and coordinated . 
  it 's not the same as the usual relatively lone wolves . 
  there have been * many * other averted attacks . 
  [ the last one just two days ago . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20151110-france-foils-terrorism-attack-toulon-naval-base-jihad ), 
  al qaida has been in shambles for years though . 
  and the caliphate they called for would have normally united all jihadists around the world , while isis only is recognized ( in theory ) by boko haram . 
  just because there were spectacular attacks does n't mean there is a `` total confrontation '' . 
  people should really calm down . 
  the point of terrorism is precisely to make people far more afraid than they rationally should . 
  there are maybe a dozen of attackers tonight . 
  against millions and millions of people . 
  isis is at most 150,000 people . 
  that is utterly pathetic . 
  the last time we had a `` total confrontation '' , we fought against a huge and powerful empire which was a military and industrial powerhouse with an army of 18 + millions . 
  guerilla tactics and terrorism can work when you are an occupied country and you want to push the enemy out . 
  but they 're useless when you are the minority and the enemy ca n't just walk out of the conflict . 
  the attackers are almost certainly doomed and will get killed/arrested tonight or tomorrow . 
  the truth is that all of this is just the swan song of radical islam . 
  people around the world are getting more and more educated , more and more connected with each other , more and more freethinking and more and more liberal . 
  even in countries like saudi arabia or iran , where they have to keep it secret ... for the moment . 
  that 's precisely in reaction to this that islamists rose and go more and more berserk . 
  but all they do is pushing people further away from their religion . 
  really gay weddings in mecca are a more plausible future than a global islamic caliphate . 
  it 's not putting anyone 's interests over anyone else 's . 
  it 's just the fact that if an agreement involving assad is simply not sustainable , then his side should consider finding a replacement . 
  are you saying that pro-assad syrians would never be able to be represented by * anyone * other than assad , ever ? 
  and that they would rise up against his own generals if he accepts to leave power ? 
  if he was wise and had the interest of his people in his heart he would see that by staying he only causes more trouble and makes peace difficult or even impossible , so he would have already prepared someone to be his potential successor , able to negociate a fair deal that ensures stability and peace . 
  there should n't be anything `` forced '' . 
  he 's been in power for 15 years already , is n't it enough ? 
  russia fortunately managed to stop a western intervention which would have created an even bigger mess , but now trying to keep assad personally in charge no matter what only makes the conflict linger on . 
  if he resigned in favour of one of his closest ministers or generals , the syrian government could negociate limited reforms with the opposition , stop fighting each other , and would be able to receive unambiguous help by the rest of the world against isis . 
   this is the part i do n't understand . 
  why does someone who committed acts of terrorism abroad have the right to return here ? 
  because they are citizens presumed innocent who have not been convicted nor even charged with any terrorism charge . 
  we should always be very cautious with civil rights . 
  if we give government the right to arbitrarily cancel someone 's passport ( or even citizenship ) without trial or any evidence of anything except that he traveled to some other country , then also even give them the right to `` sell '' those people to a foreign government without any concern with what will happen to them , what prevents a future government for doing the same thing to anyone who travels to tibet for instance , then ship them to china so that they can be put in a labour camp or something ? 
  you really need to have a fair trial . 
  but otherwise you 're right , this thing has been going on for long now and it seems our governments have no real other solution than `` keeping an eye on them '' . 
  i do n't doubt that our security services are working quite well ( this arrest is a proof ) but it really is technically impossible for them to properly spy on all of the wannabe jihadists . 
  so we definitely need to do more . 
  maybe obama can repay the debts then ? 
  it 's not really surprising that those who own the greek bonds are less enthusiastic about tearing them apart . 
  you ca n't blame them for that . 
  it will happen anyway , not by charity but because otherwise greece will never return to a sustainable debt level . 
  so they compared inner london to the entire \u00cele-de-france region ? 
  why not inner london vs paris , or london metro vs. \u00cele-de-france ( or paris metro ) ? 
  it 's easy to be the richest if you exclude the poorest from your stats . 
  well historically the reformation did have a very positive impact in the long term , by weakening authority , fostering debate and pushing common people to read . 
  about the biased way people remember it , i think it largely depends on the country . 
  protestant countries would of course tend to see the first reformers in a more positive light . 
  here i think it 's a bit more balanced : voltaire harshly criticized the fanaticism of both catholics and protestants . 
  as far as i know those liberal muslims do n't reject the quran , they may reject the authenticity of the hadiths , which is less of a problem theologically . 
  the quran is just interpretated based on its context .
