  because of farm lobbies ( currently in france farmers are protesting and destroying eastern european products because they say it is unfair competition ) , and the belief they need to keep national production for `` food sovereignty '' ( as if we were in the risk of war against all our neighbours ) . 
  in reality they should definitely * not * subsidize farmers or impose quotas . 
  ( another reason would be that those subsidies are designed to kill competition in poor countries especially in africa , which now import cheap subsidized western frozen products instead of developing their own production . 
  it is not a `` hyper-secret pact '' , it is a treaty under negociation . 
  once there actually * is * a final agreement among negociators , and i remind that [ the eu parliament rejected private arbitration courts ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/european-parliament-backs-ttip-rejects-isds-316142 ) , it will be publicly available and debated in all concerned countries . 
  the treaty can only pass if it is approved not only by the us and by the eu parliament , but also by all national parliaments . 
  i know , does n't mean it 's not true though . 
  boring in the first sense , because of its bland , technocratic image , its focus on regulating the size of cucumbers , etc. 
  you 're right the current events are not exactly boring but i 'm not sure it 's such a good thing , 
  yes . 
  it 's no wonder the protesters in ukraine rallied around the idea of europe . 
  that word means far more than just the western peninsula of asia , or the boring eu . 
  whatever stereotypes americans have of europeans is irrelevant . 
  and it 'd be stupid to wonder if europe is like one big country , of course not , we have many different nations and cultures . 
  but it does n't mean `` we have nothing in common '' or that `` there is no european identity '' . 
  i 'd go as far as saying that europe is comparable to india , extremely diverse , barely ever united in history , but still with an undeniable common identity . 
  europe is a civilization . 
  we are the heirs of athens and of rome . 
  even the countries that were not part of the roman empire indirectly share this common heritage , as we also all share the heritage of christianity - in fact for centuries europe and christendom were the same thing . 
  during centuries all european countries though divided in different realms were united in a single political and religious system , in which noble families married each other and inherited lands in other countries . 
  our histories are inseparable , from the french kings of england partly vassals to the kings of france to the swedish king of poland-lithuania , the byzantine lords of montferrat , the king of bohemia ( czechia ) being germanic and roman emperor , the various monarchs ' plots to get control on the papacy , the polish and irish legions fighting for the french revolution , the congress of vienna trying to fix europe in the same way the european council now does , the countless small german nobles sent to become kings in every new country , etc. , etc. 
  but we are more than that . 
  we are da vinci naturalized french and erasmus travelling around europe , we are the `` republic of books '' , an intellectual and cultural community which ignores borders , and in which beethoven , smith , voltaire , kant , tolsto\u00ef , chopin , hugo , verdi , etc. 
  are all compatriots and the heritage of all people . 
  for a more striking example look at central europe before wwii : a center for all arts and sciences , with writers , painters , musicians , scientists of all ethnicities and nationalities mixing together . 
  we are also the civilisation that sailed all around the world , met and joined all the different peoples of the world , conquered and colonized entire continents , and shaped the world in its own image . 
  do you know why you ca n't think of any specifically european identity ? 
  that 's because the entire world is now very heavily influenced by the european civilization , from language to calendar , legal system , clothing , artchitecture or even to some extent way of thought . 
  and first of all countries , america , which is essentially a european colony . 
  of course given that global europeanization , it is now much more difficult to find something which defines all of europe but not any other country , compared to a few centuries ago . 
  but it 's still very much possible . 
  we have to generalize , of course , but still : european countries are almost all parliamentary democracies with proportional representation , a large welfare state , social rights , a high quality of life , high standards of production , largely secularized and increasingly non-religious , with similar political parties and issues , participating in the same sport and cultural competitions ( eurovision hehe ) , trading * heavily * with each other , with ( for many ) the same currency , no internal border , massive student exchange programs and tourism , being in the same geopolitical side and military alliance and finally belonging to the same political union with the same european elections , common institutions , common flag , common anthem , and so on . 
   a year in jail would have meant his dimission from public service and the loss of all pension claims . 
  would n't that be better ? 
  why would they want to keep a nazi who tortured his own students as a civil servant ? 
  that 's frightening and very strange compared to other countries . 
  that the socialist left-wing is discredited , i can understand . 
  but i would have guessed people would get progressively more socially liberal with time , pis would either lose support or become more moderate , and po would slowly get closer to the american democrats . 
   pis says they are going to `` fix '' the media when they get to power . 
  damn . 
   recently kukiz guy appeared , an ex-rockstar , now right-winged politican who claims that the only way to avoid two-party system is to introduce single-member voting districts are they brain-damaged ? 
  single-member majority voting is precisely the best way to * get * a two-party system , certainly not to avoid it . 
  on top of countless , countless other problems like [ gerrymandering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering#effects_of_gerrymandering ) and safe seats for life . 
  how exactly is proportional representation pushing for a two-party system anyway ? 
  the chart is based on national parliaments . 
  and you only have one ukip mp . 
  soon enough i 'll make a better one based on votes ( probably on votes in the last eu election to avoid the bias of national issues and strategic voting ) . 
  you attacked the pope once ? 
  nice try , france sent one of its state ministers to punch the pope in the face and kidnap him . 
  snp and plaid cymru are both social-democratic parties as far as i know , so pes . 
  we 're talking about saint-john-paul-ii-land . 
  i would n't say i 'm surprised . 
  christian lebanese immigrants are extremely successful and well integrated pretty much anywhere they go . 
  the chart does n't give 70 % to social-democrats in italy . 
  you 're also counting the five star movement , which i had some trouble classifying but ended up putting in the far-left since in my opinion they 're more ecosocialist and very different from the ukip or national front , which have better equivalents with lega nord and fratelli d'italia . 
  i still verified the numbers and it seems i forgot the latter 's 8 mps ( which does n't change much on 630 ) . 
  that 's how i classified tw\u00f3j ruch , which is n't part of any european party . 
  you probably know more about them than i do , so feel free to correct me . 
  as i said elsewhere i purposely split the efa members according to their actual ideology . 
  it gives a better picture than just lumping both right-wing and left-wing regionalists together and with the greens , as in the european parliament . 
  really ? 
  sorry , my mistake . 
  when i make a better chart based on people 's votes rather than seats , i 'll make sure to correct that . 
   yeah . 
  so i guess for example pvv has been included in the efdd-enf category ? 
  yes , they 're members . 
   i also would ask about front national , but googling their number of seats : `` 2 of the 2,026 seats up for election '' ( with 15 % of the votes ) . 
  why do all european countries have such non-representative ways of dividing seats ??? 
  the front national is also in that group , and the two mps are shown in the graph . 
  you 're right they are absolutely not fairly represented in the french parliament ( 2 seats on 577 , though , not on 2026 ) . 
  that 's because of the voting system , which is not proportional but majoritary with two rounds , meaning that all mps need the majority in their district to get elected . 
  even when the national front scores high , people then generally quite massively vote against it in the second round . 
  the system has some logic but i think it would be better to have all parties fairly represented ; the current system pushes to a two-party system , which limits people 's choice . 
  other than france , the uk has an even worst system since voting is majoritary but with only one round , meaning that not only parties are very unfairly represented , but most mps are * not * backed by a majority and only received around 35 % of the votes in their district . 
  but then as far as i know , all eu countries have a form of proportional representation , so it 's not fair to lump all of them together like that . 
  i 've heard germans complain that their treshold to enter parliament is too high ( 5 % ) , but i think it 's pretty reasonable , and it 's only bad luck if some parties end up falling under it . 
  well the results for the whole eu would be roughly similar to the [ composition of the eu parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament ) , i presume . 
  this is based on national parliaments , so i guess the electoral rules have something to do with it . 
  in italy i think you have a bonus for the winning coalition , right ? 
  i 'll try to do another chart for the votes instead of the seats , it would tell more about public opinions . 
  france has alde members but they 're not liberals , they 're `` centrists '' ( very moderate conservatives and non-ideological pragmatists ) . 
  or rather they refuse to admit they 're liberal . 
  the french absolutely hate economic liberalism for some reason , at least in name . 
  i think in eastern europe those liberal parties are closer to the left because the right-wing is more socially conservative , while in western europe the `` conservatives '' are almost as much socially liberal as them so they 're extremely close politically and it 's quite natural for them to ally . 
  i did n't put the quotation marks for nothing . 
  that 's how they 're generally called but i know it 's a loaded term . 
  as for the eaf ... do you mean the european free alliance ? 
  i distinguished the member parties by political positioning rather than grouping left-wing and right-wing regionalists all together with the greens as in the european parliament . 
  it gives a better picture . 
  at first i did n't know whether to count alde as right-wing , that 's why i ranked countries alphabetically . 
  but since i was asked , i made the alternate version . 
  as for the five star movement , that was one of the most puzzling choices to make , since it is pretty original and does n't have exact equivalents in other countries . 
  i grouped it with the far left because of all the groups that 's in my opinion where they 'd fit the best . 
  i know they 're called populist and sit with efdd but i think ideologically they 're still much closer to syriza and podemos than to ukip or the national front , which have a better italian equivalent with the lega nord . 
  i know this is all contestable of course . 
  [ here it is , then . 
  you mean member ? 
  this is a chart of national parliaments ( lower houses ) and there is only one ukip mp , who is represented but of course almost invisible . 
  you 're right about the uk , but it is wrong to say p\u00e9tain `` had no choice to accept the german armistice terms '' . 
  before p\u00e9tain took power , the government wanted to retreat to algiers with the navy and as much troops as possible , and keep fighting from there with full control of the colonial empire .
