  yeah , unfortunately i ca n't find anything cool with english subtitles either . 
  for those understanding french i 'd also recommand the [ palmashow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9vxehrqwq0&amp;list=pl76odtz7imia7b0ggeoshtiz_vpqzxby7 ) and [ frenchball ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n3ivmk7yvk ) . 
  older but really good , you 'd have les nuls then les inconnus who made * a lot * of parodies and satirical shows . 
  otherwise for those who need english subs , even if it 's really far from being the best , funniest or most memorable ones , i could find three videos from the very popular satirical puppet news show les guignols , one on [ american vs. french imperialism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3onfw2_rj0 ) , one on [ michael jackson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m3a-o-sa1g ) , and one on [ nsa spying ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2he2qf88oc ) . 
  i could also find this old skit by les inconnus , [ `` numbers and letters in poland '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovkymsfrxyo ) ( at the end of communism ) , but to understand it you need to know the normal `` numbers and letters '' game . 
  it 's a popular tv game ( still running ) where ( among other things ) contestants ask for random vowels or consonnants then have to combine them to form the longest word , a bit as in scrabble . 
  i have to disagree . 
  you can definitely feel proud for other people than yourself ( see / u/tehzerofin 's post ) , and the very principle of a `` nation '' means that you are more than an individual , you are part of a community that is not even just a group of current individuals , but has a centuries-long history , identity , culture . 
  just being born in a country or being legally a citizen does n't mean you endorse fully that identity , but if you do , you have to take everything that comes with it , the good and the bad , the pride and the shame . 
  so that when you talk about something that people who happened to live there hundreds of years earlier did , you can say '' ** we ** did this '' . 
  the chinese can say `` we invented printing '' . 
  the portuguese can say `` we were the first to travel all around the world '' . 
  the americans can say `` we walked on the moon '' . 
  and they can all be proud of it . 
  because a part of who they are is older than themselves . 
  and it 's not only about nations . 
  all humans can be proud of the progress of humanity , as much as they should be ashamed of its damages on the earth and of its episodes of barbary . 
  this initiative is modeled after the policies of former socialist presidential candidate ( and hollande 's ex ) s\u00e9gol\u00e8ne royal , who did the same thing in my home region of poitou . 
  the region takes care of highschools , so in the same way every year parents , teachers and students could meet and debate about how to spend a certain amount of money , and exchange people 's ideas on how to improve the place . 
  it definitely made it much more pleasant . 
  i remember we created a room for students to practice and play music in their free time . 
  still , we could go further with direct democracy . 
  what i do n't like is that people are given money and asked what to do with it , but they have no say on the other spending that the officials decide . 
  it 's as if politicians gave us a gift card as birthday present , so we 're all happy , but we do n't remember that this gift card was bought with * our * money . 
  and along with it they also bought a lot of stuff that we did n't ask for , or even worse , stuff for themselves . 
  we should have more control over the * entire * budget . 
  not comparable at all . 
  the iraq war was an illegal invasion without any international mandate nor even a call from the iraqi opposition , which then ended in a long and heavy military occupation . 
  in libya we had the support of the rebels , of the arab league , of the un , and we did n't even send any troops . 
  it may have backfired in terms of immigration , but that 's not the same as having your military trapped in a deadly conflict for years . 
  bravo !, 
  i think the main reason for the high number is that if there is a big social crisis or a lot of protests against a reform , the president often decides to change pm . 
  meanwhile in parliamentary countries , the pm in the same situation would have to decide by himself to resign , and of course he 'd be more likely to ignore the protests and just stay in power regardless . 
  but maybe it 's just the political culture . 
  after all , when we had a truly parliamentary system like other european countries , our pms fell even more frequently . 
  between 1946 and 1958 , we had 28 . 
  since 1982 france has had 14 prime ministers ... 
  of course backbench rebellions can happen , that 's why i precised that * if the majority party is united * , it can do what it wants . 
  in the case of common law , do n't acts of parliament by principle overrule common law ? 
  if so , i think my scenario would still hold . 
  fascist commons could ultimately scrap any common law they want ( and even reorganize the justice system to limit the use of common law in the first place ) . 
  of course eventually a political regime needs the support of the army , which could make a coup against my scenario 's perfectly `` legitimate '' fascist government or on contrary install your scenario 's fascists despite the best constitution . 
  but still , i 'd say it 's not a reason to ignore the risks . 
  both mussolini and hitler came to power legally , then used legal ways to change the regime into totalitarian dictatorships . 
  also , i used an extreme example , but of course i do n't think britain will become a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  if it happened , certainly the queen would leave her reserve and the military would intervene . 
  in reality , authoritarian tendencies , attacks on democracy , on public liberties , etc. 
  would be partial , limited , and happen progressively . 
  at no point would it make sense for the army to make a coup , and i would rather not bet my rights on the possibility that they would . 
  this is because of the difficulty to amend it , not because of it being codified . 
  as far as i know , * all * countries in the world except the uk have a constitution , and they amend it quite easily . 
  france does it very often , but fortunately the national assembly ca n't do it alone with a simple majority voting . 
  i 'd say we need the right balance between flexibility and stability . 
  in my opinion the most important is to require a referendum , so that politicians ca n't simply re-write the rules defining their own powers . 
  that could be a solution . 
  the british `` constitution '' has a lot of very deep flaws , because it was based on the concept of checks and balances , but with the progress of democracy , all those checks and balances have been annihilated and the majority party can now have absolute power . 
  the british system was that all laws needed the approval of the people , the aristocracy and the monarch , to limit one from imposing its decisions on the others . 
  the queen and the house of lords are nothing but ceremonial figureheads . 
  by law or by convention , they can not actually veto anything , and that 's normal since it would otherwise be undemocratic . 
  but then it means that the checks and balances do n't exist anymore . 
  another big feature of the british system is that the parliament can change the `` constitution '' as easily as it can change regular laws . 
  that 's essentially as if it did not have , in fact , a constitution . 
  if you then consider that the government is , by principle , supported a majority in the commons , it means the commons themselves are pretty much ceremonial . 
  the debates and opposition there do n't matter . 
  if the majority party is united , it is sure to be able to enforce its policies . 
  and it gets even worse when you remember that the `` majority '' party in the commons is generally elected with less than 40 % of the votes . 
  so what all of this means is that if you had a fascist or other totalitarian party getting 30-40 % of the votes , it would be very possible for it to gain absolute , unlimited power and abolish democracy . 
  you could get to this extreme , but you could also get to any lesser kind of authoritarianism . 
  my point is that the british `` constitution '' fails at protecting itself or the liberties of its people . 
  now compare it with the american constitution , which also has major flaws but at least addresses all of those points : all powers come from the people , but they check and balance each other just as the british system was supposed to work . 
  laws need to be approved by the democratically elected house of representatives , the democratically elected senate and the ( somewhat ) democratically elected president . 
  none of those can control the country in the extent the majority party does in the uk . 
  then you have the constitution , written , explicitely superior to regular laws , extremely difficult to modify , and guaranteeing rights for the people and limits on government power . 
  here is how i would fix the british institutions : * a written , codified constitution recognizing the sovereignty of the people ( not of the `` monarch in parliament '' ) , including a bill of rights , and impossible to change without a supermajority in a referendum ; * the house of lords would recover its veto powers , but would become democratically elected - either as a representative of the regions , or as a house reserved for independent candidates from civil society , not members of any party , and elected by [ approval voting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/approval_voting ) ; * the house of commons would be elected with a form of proportional representation ( though that was refused by referendum and is not the main point of my post ) ; * the privy council members would be confirmed by parliament and would collectively exercise the powers of the monarch , in his/her name , independently from the pm . 
  what i meant was that those who go to non-approved political or news websites would then get tracked , not everyone that watches porn . 
  porn would only serve as an excuse and a potential source of blackmail/attack . 
  i 'd say the ultimate goal is to get the power to block websites and to track people 's activities online with a direct link to their id . 
  you sell the idea of anti-porn filters by default , but then you add that those anti-porn filters will also block websites linked with terrorism , `` extremism '' and `` illegal or shocking activities '' . 
  then it turns out the filters add a lot of websites without explanation or notice , to hide and harm all the websites that the government does n't like . 
  the only way to get access to any of those non-approved websites would be to specifically tell publicly that you want to watch porn , then connect with your personal id . 
  the government can then easily keep a list of every person who visits non-approved websites ... and what kind of porn they watches , which can be useful to blackmail important people . 
  or maybe cameron is just a prude freak . 
  after all he precisely wanted to ban a lot of things , like female ejaculation , for no real reason . 
  what kind of garbage is this website ? 
  they just copied a couple of comments from another gossip website and conclude that `` france is furious '' against someone i 've never even heard about . 
  they claim to be left-wing economically , and support countries like venezuela or cuba , but no , they do n't actually support any particular policy , they 're just against everything anyone who 's not anti-american and anti-israel says . 
  we have people like this in france . 
  quite a lot unfortunately . 
  they gravitate around the author alain soral and his friend the humourist dieudonn\u00e9 . 
  basically everything is an americano - `` zionist '' conspiracy , including the far-left . 
  many western feminists would definitely claim that , which is annoying , but as long as they fight for women 's rights in muslim countries that 's fine . 
  but then there are the tunisian femen , who are clearly anti-religious . 
  here is one of them burning a quran then writing `` fuck quran '' on her bare chest : http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=fca_1420829682, 
  i mostly agree with you but to their credit the feminist swedish government is the only one in the world which actually openly criticizes saudi arabia and even cancelled their military contracts with them . 
  see : http://www.spectator.co.uk/features/9481542/swedens-feminist-foreign-minister-has-dared-to-tell-the-truth-about-saudi-arabia-what-happens-now-concerns-us-all/, 
  and on both side , mercenaries doing what mercenaries do . 
  there 's no need to give yourself noble reasons when you 're just getting paid to kill people in a conflict where you 're completely foreign . 
  those troops are only there to make people feel safe . 
  they have even less powers than policemen to use their guns , which are most of the time not even charged . 
  if something , they 're more targets than anything ( and one could argue that it 's actually why they 're there - when a lone terrorist tries to attack a soldier in the street , he can get arrested easily without killing any civilian , and then he might give info on his network ) .
