  yes , i can see perfectly how they can spin it . 
  after all , liberal islam already exists ( they even do gay weddings in here ) . 
  but it 's nice to sum up those theses . 
  actually , i think the third point is one of the easiest to argue for : in mainline islam , the only path to heaven is `` islam '' , which is submission to god 's will . 
  but that will has not only been expressed through muhammad and the quran : islam explicitely recognizes that judaism , christianity , and possibly zoroastriansim are just deviations from the teachings of legit prophets of god ; it even says that all nations in the world were sent prophets . 
  one would argue that those teachings were not exactly the same as muhammad 's but varied to fit each culture , while conveying the same essential message : submission to the single god and being nice to others . 
  and the quran quite explicitely says that true believers , among the `` people of the book '' at least , will get rewarded . 
  as far as i 'm happy with liberal islam spreading , they are not the equivalent of protestants . 
  `` radical islam '' is . 
  protestants were not people who thought that there were some `` problematic '' parts in christianism that needed to be more loosely reinterpretated because of human rights . 
  they were people preaching a `` return to the sources '' , a more primitive christianity , an imitation of jesus and of his earliest followers , a direct use of the bible instead of church tradition , and wanting to purge it of all the things that they considered as heretical , like the papacy or the cult of saints . 
  it is protestants far more than catholics who were extremists ( see puritans for instance ) . 
  what did calvin establish as form of government ? 
  a totalitarian theocracy where heretics were burned to death . 
  in the muslim world , reformation already happened , and we are already in the thirty years ' war . 
  in the same way as in christianity , theologians advocated for a more primitive form of islam , the direct and literal use of the holy books instead of tradition , and a war against anything in islam that they saw as unislamic . 
  salafism , wahabbism , jihadism , all those are very recent schools of thought . 
  now they fight to replace more traditional branches of islam , like suffism in west africa , which for instance practiced the cult of saints . 
  what liberal islam is like , and what should be encouraged as much as possible in the muslim world , is the enlightenment : a rational re-evaluation of all traditions and superstitions , in the name of freedom , reason and human rights . 
  i think we 're the only ones with words ending in * - eaux * though . 
  as i explained , this is not a margin that they take on the transaction between farmers and consumers . 
  they provide an actual service and get paid for that . 
  the only thing the high level of the margin means is that there is not a lot of different compitetors , which is true . 
  and it 's very possible that they even have a cartel . 
  but they 're not responsible for the low revenues of the farmers . 
  if they were pressuring down the prices under the global level , french farmers would just have to sell abroad at the normal price . 
  if they do n't , it 's because it 's not higher . 
  the only ones that get screwed by the distributors ' margins is us . 
   say the total production of , say , wheat should be x in the eu . 
  yes , because government knows what consumers want better than themselves ... how are n't supply and demand able to fix that already ? 
  the reason french farmers have problems is because they are not competitive , * despite receiving huge subsidies * . 
  not because we produce too much . 
   also , what could be done is enforce hard limits on what % of a margin the various resellers , butchers , supermarkets can have . 
  what if they deserve that margin ? 
  international competition and modern agriculture have made that the price of agricultural products is very low ( which is good ! ) . 
  comparatively , a large part of the value added for the consumer comes not from the product in itself , but from the conditioning , transport , logistics and distribution . 
  all of that is not an easy job . 
  in fact , look at it this way : if the farmers were really exploited , then what about organizing themselves to bypass the intermediaries and sell more directly to consumers ? 
  they do n't do it because it 's not as easy as it sounds . 
  a supermarket grouping everything at the same place , with a lot of choice , quick service , etc. 
  brings a lot of value for the consumers , that they are ready to pay for . 
  so the problem is not that distributors * earn * too much , but that farming ( especially for pigs ) is very little or even not profitable at all anymore in france . 
  and if it is so , either we manage to make it profitable again , or we stop wasting money on it . 
   why is power/influence such a big deal ? 
  to not be subject to the will of others and on the contrary be able to have an impact on the world , especially now that we face global challenges . 
  being weak means that we have to let the us and china decide of the global agenda on climate change . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a good idea . 
  being weak means that when there is an international crisis like in syria or ukraine that can have a big impact on * us * , it is * the us * that negociates directly with putin and might sacrifice our interests in favour of its own . 
  and so on . 
   if it was then we could all become us states and be happy with that . 
  i know many brits would prefer that , and well you 're free to try it out , but other countries are not very fond of american political culture , and think that instead we can just group to be powerful together . 
   optimistic you mean dystopian , right ? 
  as the others noted , you simply read different people . 
  of course most of those shitting on french farmers wo n't show up itt . 
  but since you ask , i will . 
  knowing that some of them killed themselves does n't change my opinion one bit . 
  if it is too hard for them they can sell their farm and do something else . 
  if french agriculture is not competitive , then why should we invest anything in it , when we can save the money and invest on more efficient industries ? 
  if french agriculture is of such a better quality than others ' then consumers would choose it and there would n't be a problem in the first place . 
  so no , those farmers are not cruelly left facing economic hardship , on the contrary we are already pouring millions on them , which only wastes taxpayers ' money , consumers ' money , and creates an unfair competition against poor countries , depriving them of a huge growth ( and development ) opportunity . 
  and i still think their little revolt during this summer was an incredible display of entitlement . 
  of course it 's sad that people commit suicide , but as / u/fluchtpunkt noted a lot of people do . 
  many for economic reasons as well . 
  arguing that we should waste even more money on farmers is just emotionnal blackmail . 
  [ this is what le corbusier wanted to do with paris . 
  he carefully selected them too . 
  those i can see from my window would not deserve the qualification of `` poetic '' . 
  that was not his point . 
  we 're talking about power/influence , not about copying china/america/russia . 
  that 's the point , the * european * space agency could , denmark could not . 
  even if it was a motivation for passing those regulations , it would n't make it wrong , since they are justified anyway . 
  yes , it 's really dishonest to use that quote . 
  the thing is that france ( * precisely because it was not supposed to be `` a white country '' * ) had the plan to progressively assimilate all its colonies into the same nation . 
  that 's what we did with the caribbeans , guyane , polynesia , la r\u00e9union , etc. 
  at the time we also had integrated a part of senegal with full political rights , as well as ( theoretically ) algeria ( with the not so little `` detail '' that most of the population was still second-class citizens ) . 
  but just like the brits ' claims they would eventually grant `` self-government '' one day , the political integration was always pushed to later . 
  after wwii it was clear we would either have to grant full citizenship or independence . 
  in the first case , the new non-european citizens would have suddenly made up around 62 % of the population and the votes while a large part did n't even speak french . 
  de gaulle chose the latter option , which was undoubtedly the best choice at the time . 
  but until we propose to let in 171 million migrants , it is not comparable at all with today 's immigration . 
   do you consider france a nation-state ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  in fact one of the very first modern nation-states in europe . 
  almost all others were formed after the napoleonic wars in order to have a strong , united nation-state `` like the french '' . 
  the difference with many european countries , though , is that in france the state pretty much created the nation by assimilating various different regions ( historically only a small part of the country even spoke french ) - it 's a bit the same in the uk or spain , though they were less successful ; meanwhile in most countries east of us , it is the nations that created their states , by uniting , or seceding , or re-forming after having been gone for centuries . 
  so of course central and eastern european countries certainly have a different idea of what a nation-state is , something more based on ethnicity and less on politics . 
   do you believe the current way you are assimilating immigrants and their descendants is as good as it gets ? 
  not really , we could definitely do more . 
  but it 's not that bad , really . 
  even without doing anything people end up assimilating . 
  the only real difficulty that causes tensions is islam ( and of course especially radical islam ) . 
  even then i 'm very optimistic . 
  in my opinion radical islam is just a reaction to secularization , which spreads and accelerates not only in the western world but globally . 
  we 're going to see a lot of crazy people for some time , but with the internet , quality mass education and a liberal culture where women are free , gay marriage is legal and sex is everywhere , most people we call `` muslims '' today in western countries will not keep much faith that much longer . 
  so to sum it up , i have good hope we will successfully assimilate arabs as we assimilated bretons and others , and we will render `` muslims '' as irreligious as we did with `` catholics '' . 
   is there ever a point at which you would say `` woah maybe we should slow down on the immigration '' , or rather do you see any value in french people ( and their culture/values/history ) remaining the dominant people in france ? 
  contrary to what people believe , immigration to france is actually pretty low at the moment . 
  even with the current wave of migrants , very few demand to go to france . 
  in any way , i 'm in favour of more restrictive policies at the national and european level , at least for the moment . 
  disregarding all pros and cons of immigration , this issue brings already way too much division and only boosts far-right parties , and that is the last things we need .
