  for other services where there is no deadline for the service , then obviously it gets extremely unfair and ridiculous , because someone can get trapped in the line and having to wait for the entire day while new customers enter every minute and take the first place . 
   at one point in time i was simultaneously modding / r/politics , / r/worldnews , / r/technology , / r/europe , / r/unitedkingdom , / r/ukpolitics , / r/music and / r/metal . 
  i do n't get this , would n't it be better for big subs to have mods a little more focused ? 
  no wonder it seems dclauzel is the only mod if you 're all busy on other big subreddits . 
   you do n't know nerdrage until you have / int / , / pol / and / mu / after you at once . 
  so what you 're saying is that those times 4channers booted out their worst janitors , they ended up on reddit to do the same ( but still for free ) ? 
  the question is n't why he is a moderator but why the entire rest of the mod team seems not to care at all about the sub one way or another . 
  if they want to stop the flooding and racism , they should do what dclausel does , not just rely on him and let him take all the blame . 
  and if on the contrary they do n't like what he does , they should take action against him . 
  but currently it 's * their * attitude which is not acceptable . 
  it 's as if they were all dead and there was just one dictator making the law in the sub . 
  if you do n't want to be a mod , just resign already . 
  that article is very misleading . 
  first of all , you 'd notice that the sykes-picot agreement does * not * correspond to today 's borders . 
  that it * did * take into account ethnico-religious areas ( turkey would be separated from kurdistan , and shia southern iraq separated from sunni northern regions , which would be grouped with other arab states ) . 
  most importantly the article does n't tell that this agreement was completely undone by atat\u00fcrk who kicked out the allies out of turkey and reconquered twice as much land as it should have , including large parts of the kurdistan and armenia , and forcing to modify the entire plan , most notably by scrapping kurdistan altogether and dividing it between countries . 
  also the drawing of borders was far from being just negociated by two guys one night , it was negociated and signed by fourteen countries then by the league of nations . 
  most of all , what i do n't like is this idea that those `` unnatural '' borders were imposed in the place of some `` natural '' borders that would have arisen naturally ... really ? 
  a border arising naturally to reflect ethnicities perfectly , that means a border created by centuries of war , ethnic cleansing , forced assimilation and forced deportations . 
  that 's how we got `` natural '' borders in europe . 
  what people imply is that after wwi , european nations should have just let the me fighting and genociding each other until `` natural '' borders were created . 
  or not . 
  as i already pointed out , it is europeans who wanted to create a kurdistan and turkey which `` naturally '' annexed it . 
  and arab royal houses which demanded to get awarded land in exchange for their support against turkey . 
  so even with war it does n't mean the me would have gotten clean borders . 
  especially when you consider that the `` ethnic '' maps that we are shown today only show the divisions that are considered relevant to today 's conflicts . 
  but there are many other regional , tribal , economic and historical divisions in the me that could have been just as much relevant to justify political divisions or to cause other conflicts . 
  of course it 's easy to come in 2015 and say `` lmao their borders are so wrong '' . 
   draw borders than looked nice instead of kept the nations peaceful `` europe '' did n't invade the peaceful me one day and decided to redraw its borders to cause conflicts . 
  the borders were created after the fall of the turkish ottoman empire , with the support of the arab rebels and by negociation with the various arab royal dynasties . 
  iraq for instance was given to the hashimids in compensation for their historical homeland of hejaz which was taken by the al-saud . 
  what exactly should have been done instead ? 
  letting them under turkish rule ? 
  if the sunnis and shias of iraq can not possibly cohabitate , why would it have been better with even more different people , and especially under the command of a people that had already committed genocides of some of its minorities ? 
  or creating a huge single arab state ? 
  but i thought the iraqi sunnis and shias were arabs already , as are the libyans from tripoli fighting those from benghazi , or the yemenites in civil war , or the egyptian islamists and secularists sentencing each other to death ... all arabs , as far as i know . 
  surely if they were all in a single state it would all work so well . 
  those conflicts are obviously the result of european imperialism ... 
  turkey , lebanon and jordan are quite safe but there are * millions * of refugees there , in extremely precary conditions . 
  it would be better for them to be reallocated to other countries , not necessarily to europe , though . 
  as i explained in another thread a system of tradable quotas would let rich countries pay poorer countries to take care of the refugees . 
  everyone would do their fair share , either by financing the system or by actually hosting refugees . 
  the problem with what you guys are saying , though , is that it is completely contrary to the international conventions on asylum . 
  countries are not allowed to kick out a refugee even if he came there illegally . 
  those conventions are flawed and i guess they 'll have to be repealed , but i hope if/when they do so they also make sure to find a better solution to take care of refugees from conflict zones . 
  greeks have a fairly bad time but they 're not forced to flee their country with absolutely nothing , and parked in insalubrious camps with hundreds of thousands of other people . 
  `` alien vs. 
  predator '' does n't imply that both are equally bad ? 
  that 's not how the gold standard works . 
  still it 's ridiculous because you ca n't adapt the money supply to the economy 's needs , actually you ca n't control it at all , it would instantly give all the power to those who currently hold the gold reserves today for no other reason that their assets are in gold , and far from being a safe objective guarantee , gold 's value is mostly based on speculation . 
  well it 's not really creating a market on which people can speculate , it 's more a mechanism where * states * exchange their quotas between each other , so i do n't think there 's any similar risk involved . 
   anyway , any quota system also has to deal with running into treaty agreements . 
  still not clear to me how someone who is granted asylum ( assuming they are granted asylum and there is n't simply a separation made between asylum applications and asylum grantees ) could be required to go anywhere other than the country in which they made the application without treaty violation , though . 
  as far as i know , the only restriction is about sending back a refugee to somewhere that would put him or her at risk , first of all the country he or she came from . 
  but for instance australia has bilateral agreements quite similar to what we 're talking about with other oceanian countries . 
  i do n't think it violates international law if the countries involved are all stable . 
   you say `` cheaper '' . 
  it wo n't be cheaper because of import . 
  if the import is not cheaper why has it been imported ? 
  apart from exotic products of course . 
  no , obviously most imports are clearly cheaper and that 's precisely one of the things farmers complain about , [ and also why they shamelessly pillage and destroy imported food , a bit like russians do . 
  ] ( http://www.ouest-france.fr/pont-de-normandie-les-agriculteurs-detruisent-de-la-viande-etrangere-3577409 )  you also speak of international trade , but there is none , it 's all about local goods being transformed by local companies and sold by local super markets . 
  it 's all a local problem , nothing to do with international sales and whatnot . 
  as i said , the intermediaries can buy their products from all over the world for a cheap price . 
  so either the local producers adapt to those prices ( like now ) or the intermediaries can stop buying from them . 
  the price of agricultural products depends on the competition between farmers , including with foreign competitors , whether they actually sell here or not ; the only thing that matters is their * capacity * to sell to french retailers . 
  conversely , if it really has nothing to do with the global price of agricultural products but is just a question of french retailers having too much market power , then french farmers can just stop selling to them for so little , and export their production at its fair price . 
  oh , but no , because foreigners are not ready to pay more than french retailers are . 
  on the contrary , which is why on top of all we said we also have to subsidize those exports . 
   the situation is that farmers ca n't turn up a profit while both intermediaries and supermarkets are making huge profits . 
  it 's a problem of balance . 
  i already answered to that , i do n't see why the intermediaries should be forced to share their profits with other companies just because they 're in the same supply chain . 
  if the value added is in logistics and distribution , that is where the profits will be . 
  i 'm ready to admit that those distributors and intermediaries are too concentrated , that they might even have a cartel , that their profits are suspiciously high , and that a more direct and cheaper distribution would be welcome . 
  but that has nothing to do with the farmers ' revenues . 
  there is no reason why this new , more direct distributor would pay farmers more than they are now ( except if it belongs to them , and even then it would n't change that the value added is in the distribution ) . 
  the only difference would be for consumers . 
  * we * are screwed over by retailers , the farmers are not . 
  they are paid the fair market price for what their products are worth . 
  if it is not financially sustainable , then there is no reason for them to stay in this business to begin with . 
  this is a solution that is unfortunately little discussed . 
  countries complain about the burden of taking refugees , and accuse each other of not doing their `` fair share '' . 
  and many clearly refuse to admit refugees for reasons of national cohesion or identity . 
  what to do , then ? 
  the eu commission talks about imposing quotas and forcing all member states to take refugees . 
  that would only make things worse , by increasing tensions and resentment between countries and for the eu . 
  and at the global level , things would n't really be any different . 
  most refugees are in countries that have clearly not the means to take care of them , and among developed countries some have to deal with massive immigration because of their geographical location , while others sit quietly across the world and do nothing at all . 
  as it has been discussed here , the very wealthy arab gulf states do n't do anything either for syrian refugees . 
  now what about a system of tradable quotas , preferably organized by the un ( but otherwise it could also be done by the eu and partner countries ) . 
  all countries would contribute a little bit to an international fund to take care of refugees , then all stable ones would be given an initial quota of refugees to take in . 
  it could be simply based on population , or on gdp , or other calculations . 
  it 's not what really matters . 
  what matters is that then countries could trade their quotas with each other , so that rich countries that do n't want migrants would pay other countries to do the job instead . 
  those willing countries would receive help from the global refugee fund , and extra money from the countries that gave them the quota . 
  this would help poorer countries to get more money for their development , and it would ensure every country does its fair share regardless of whether it takes refugees or not . 
  the initial nsdap was quite socialist actually . 
  one of the main reasons the sa were eliminated is because they planned to turn against capitalism . 
  but it also means hitler and the mainline of the nazis did not subscribe to this at all . 
  exactly what i wanted to say .
