  i 'm really annoyed by this test because of it . 
  yet i have n't found any good alternative . 
  other sites are either made to calculate how close you are to different political parties , or are built on typically american politics . 
  i guess we should create a new , neutral one . 
  without loaded questions , with a random order of questions and maybe even with the same questions asked twice but with different words , to check consistency . 
  it would n't be that hard , it 's very easy to make a form ; however i do n't really know how to automatically translate the answers to a positioning on a compass ... 
  the `` stay independent '' part is the key to this whole bs from farmers . 
  we trade with the entire world , we can eat food from the entire world , we can definitely afford it especially because it is cheaper than our own locally-grown one , we are part of a union based on free trade and sharing of sovereignty ( so here goes the independence ) , and even if there was a major war there would always be countries from which to import . 
  singapore does n't have any farmer at all as far as i know , yet i do n't see them starving or politically dependent on those from which they import food . 
  if they have problems with them they can always import from someone else . 
  the talk about `` staying independent on food '' tells us that if we do n't pour the farmers with subsidies ... and now if we do n't on top of that punish the imports ( !, 
  ) , we will stop producing anything at home . 
  but here 's the thing : if consumers want to buy foreign products because they think they have a better quality-price ratio , they definitely should ; if they are okay to buy more expensive french products because they presume the quality is higher , they are also free to do it ; and if we subsidize and invest massively just to keep afloat an industry which produces things that people do n't want to buy , it has a name : a waste of money , and a very bad allocation of resources . 
  all the money we waste on farmers could be spent on plenty of other things , making our economy stronger , to bring more cash and afford even more food . 
   the main problem though seem to be the intermediaries which do tend to profit massively so what ? 
  in france there is this idea that if you make profits , that 's bad . 
  how do intermediaries make those profits ? 
  by sourcing , conditioning and distributing the food . 
  * this * is their job , and they get paid for * that * . 
  it is not their fault if agricultural products are cheap , that is a global price , and it is n't even anyone 's fault at all because it is n't a bad thing to begin with . 
  then the money * earned * by those intermediaries is the value-added that they produce . 
  just because it is n't as physical and material as what the farmer produces does n't mean it has n't a higher value . 
  you can get wheat from any single farmer all over the world , but the logistics of transportation , conditioning , stocking , advertising and distributing in france is something only a few players can deal with . 
  if the intermediaries were useless and just taxing the products as they go from the farmers to the consumers , farmers would not demonstrate , they would simply sell all their products directly to the consumers , and the supermarkets would go bankrupt . 
  but no , if people buy from the intermediaries , it 's because they prefer it and are ready to pay for it . 
   while farmers run on deficits . 
  so what ? 
  they are part of the same industry/supply chain , and . . ? 
  why would the intermediaries have to share their profits with farmers ? 
  they 're not the same companies . 
  of course the fortunate should share with the less so , but that 's called taxes and benefits from the state , not `` skewing the market prices or ending international trade just so that farmers are happy '' . 
   there 's also the rise of ultra industrialised farming which crushes the small competition . 
  same . 
  people choose to buy what they buy . 
  the market is not some place where everyone should always win . 
  if people do n't want to buy your product , you 're out . 
  does n't mean it 's impossible to be a small producer selling expensive but quality products , you just need to find the right positioning and advertise it correctly ( see the organic sector ) . 
  but if you are `` crushed '' by competition , it means you deserved it . 
   if we want to move everything to a fordist system , then by all means but it always means more unemployment and lower standards . 
  more unemployment ? 
  sorry but no . 
  unemployment for the uncompetitive players , sure , but even then , just in the short term . 
  then they can find another job . 
  meanwhile , what people do n't see is that the reason they lost their job is because others sell the same thing for less ; so consumers * save * that money everytime they buy food ; and what do they do with that money ? 
  they spend it somewhere else . 
  that 's a spending they could n't afford before , and now they can . 
  consumption increases , that is economic growth , to produce this you need more labour , and so unemployment decreases . 
  and lower standards ? 
  sorry but they 're not decided by the good will of the small farmers . 
  standards are imposed by the consumers through their spending and by the state through regulation . 
  as for solidarity , we can definitely improve those mandatory standards , but we do so by strenghtening rules for * everyone * , not by skewing market prices so that small farmers get more money . 
  you made the thread . 
  and i have a problem with people thinking this is not / r/europe but / r/immigration . 
  the story that a * syrian * boy got denied asylum by * canada * has nothing to do here . 
  especially when this news is completel irrelevant anyway . 
  as / u/visvis said , it 's not even canada 's fault that he died , and his story is not special just because a picture was taken . 
  there are also already other threads about that boy ; i do n't see a reason to post this article and keep flooding the subreddit even more than it is . 
  true but even then he 's right to put the hard numbers in perspective with eu population and with the us . 
  the media frenzy blows things quite out of proportion . 
   ** if there were ** a heaven and hell , where would you end up ? 
  naturally in a christian country , non-believers will assume this potential afterlife works with christian rules , and therefore exclude them . 
  it 's perfectly normal to answer that . 
  but they most likely do n't believe in hell to begin with . 
  so what ? 
  okay so it 's not enough that the entire subreddit is flooded under immigration threads , we also have to make ones about canada now ? 
  is n't the first country principle the norm in all europe ? 
  french universities are not prestigious ( except the sorbonne but i 'd say it 's more prestigious abroad than here ) . 
  the most elitist schools are the top business schools like hec , and the public highly selective * grandes \u00e9coles * : for instance , polytechnique ( military school of science , even though many end up doing business ) , ens ( top-level researchers and professors ) , ena ( high civil servants , most high-level politicians come from there ) . 
   and you can be sure the biggest net contributors will make it heard that `` they 're paying hence they 're deciding '' . 
  well they can only decide if they have the political power to . 
  in the case of greece for instance , germany held a lot of power mainly because new agreements had to be signed , meaning that if greece wanted money from germany it had to be agreed by germany directly . 
  if there is an actual fiscal transfer though , of course germans wo n't be any less pissed than they are , but the question of how much the eu should tax and redistribute would be decided at the eu level , based on population , not on wealth , and if there is a majority ( or super-majority depending on the rules used ) all countries would have to deal with it . 
   there is no way in hell the eu will federalize the cost of a public service or benefit without also federalizing the conditions of access to the benefit or the way this public service works . 
  that 's a very good and difficult point . 
  as i said , a really good solution to the eurozone 's problems would be a partial `` federalization '' of the social protection systems , for instance by letting the eu deal with the most basic protection and the states add further benefits if they want . 
  but you 're right it means that we need to agree on the same conditions of access and overall the kind of system , between the different sorts used in europe . 
  well , that 's a political decision that should be discussed and decided through the european elections and european parliament . 
  and obviously that means european politics would move further towards federalism , but that 's pretty clearly what macron and others calling for fiscal transfers have in mind as well . 
   even regarding , say , regulation of the work market ( working laws , hours/week etc. 
  ) , the big payers will soon be saying `` we 're paying for your unemployed and their numbers keep rising , do as we say regarding regulations so that the job market gets better ! '', 
  well , of course they would say that , and they would be quite justified to do so if they have to pay for unemployment in those other countries . 
  but in line with what i said above , that would normally not be imposed by the rich on the poor , but debated and voted at the european level . 
  and would n't that be fair ? 
  if european citizens pay for unemployment at the european level , then they have a say on the economic policy . 
  a conservative majority could try and vote laws imposing a minimum of flexibility on labour markets to fight against unemployment , while a socialist majority could try and vote laws imposing a minimum of job security to avoid social dumping . 
  what i mean , i guess , is that even if people vote based on their interests and those interests are correlated to their state , as long as we are all in the same boat , it makes sense to debate and decide all together democratically about the solutions , rather than negociating by state and fueling conflict between nations . 
  many people in rich states want to build a fiscal union , and many people in poor states want to remain as independent as possible . 
   and this will be particularly problematic when the contributing countries are led by right-wing governments while the receiving countries are not , which will lead to serious democratic issues . 
  as much of an issue as when a left-wing regional government is submitted to the decisions of a right-wing national government . 
   my take is : better owe nobody anything and keep your freedom - even if it means having it harder , than trade your independance for free money . 
  well that 's a perfectly defensible position , and i do n't deny that a fiscal union implies more federalism and therefore less national sovereignty . 
  still as i explain it does n't mean being subject to germany or other rich countries , it means building a common european political space , in which a greek 's vote is worth as much as a german 's . 
  that is what the european project has always been about , but of course everyone is free to disagree . 
   also , who would choose the euro commisioner ? 
  the european parliament ? 
  with the same process as how national economic ministers are chosen ? 
  you 're right it should definitely not work as the little development transfers currently do , i.e. 
  transfers from state to state controled in large part by the national governments . 
  a real fiscal union means the eu should collect taxes directly and then redistribute them directly as well . 
  for instance by a `` federalization '' of some expensive state services , like the military , or parts of social protection .
