  are n't those `` national interests '' just whatever the national government claim they are , more than often based on the interests of corporations and the wealthy ? 
  if you go this way , in the end , it is just individual interests , and individuals debate and vote so that in the end a common decision is made . 
  that decision is what the common interest is . 
  well it works the same for europe . 
  many french people might want to intervene more in africa , and many german people might not want that , but then even if no amount of debate manage to change those positions , it is up for the majority to decide . 
  that 's exactly the same as with every single other piece of eu policy . 
  states think they benefit from being in the eu so they accept that `` the european interest '' decided by the states and parliament will be imposed to them . 
  if they think it is in their interest to have a unified military ( and i think it is in our interest ) , then they will have to accept that this military will follow the goals of the eu as a whole rather than their own . 
  you 're assuming a european military would get directed by consensus of the 28 member states . 
  of course this would make no sense and be even more tragic than the eurozone mess . 
  as i stated in other posts though , in my eyes it 's pretty obvious that a united military should be led by a eu government , or a president , not by secret negociations of 28 national leaders meeting once in a while and taking ages to agree on anything . 
  do you imagine the us military being commanded by a council of the 50 state governors , and needing a supermajority to do anything ? 
  you need someone in charge , able to react rapidly and clearly . 
  not necessarily . 
  even without spending one cent more than we do , a united military would be very certainly more powerful , because of economies of scale and higher efficiency , and the saved money could be invested in better equipment , drones , etc. 
  i 'm not saying we should n't also spend more , though . 
  currently very few countries meet the nato targets . 
  a federal eu government just means european-level decisions would be made by directly elected european institutions , rather than by national governments . 
  it does n't mean we have to or should unify our cultures , nations and `` all aspects of life '' . 
  my bad . 
  the eu already provides for mandatory defensive assistance if one member is attacked , and we can already form the coalitions we want , so that 's not really the question . 
  the question of a european military is definitely a question of common european leadership and policy . 
  as long as the armies are not fused , i guess it 'd be normal to allow states to opt out from a non-defensive conflict . 
  but otherwise , it is clear that if you want a capable leadership in defense and foreign policy , you ca n't give it to a council of 28 national governments meeting not even once a month . 
  this is the recipe for failure . 
  it has to be assumed by a single , elected eu government ( either the commission or a president ) . 
  they are already legally bound to , by both nato and the eu . 
  obviously a united military implies it would be commanded from a single common leadership and follow a single common foreign policy . 
  as for national interests and goals , it is irrelevant : a european military would defend the interests of the eu as a whole and the goals of the eu as a whole defined by the eu government . 
  i think that the details of building a unified military are very complex , that it would take a lot of time to achieve it and it might not be the best organization to fuse everything into a single army . 
  still , it is very important for our geopolitical power , our defense and our independence that we build an integrated common foreign and defence policy and that we make our militaries work together . 
  it reminds me a fable by la fontaine about the monster with one head and a thousand tails ( the ottomans ) which terrorized the land , and the monster with one tail but a thousand heads ( the hre ) , which did n't know where to go and pathetically trapped itself at the first fence . 
  while it would be certainly more efficient to have only one big army , the priority is to have only one clear leadership . 
  all the current issues of the eu come down to a single one : the absence of federalism . 
  we need an actual european government with the power and legitimacy to make those decisions if that is what people want . 
  currently all issues are dragged forever and unanswered because they are negociated between national governments on the basis of their own conflicting interests ( and need a supermajority ) , instead of just being openly debated and decided by voters and parliament . 
  a united european military does n't mean the eu ca n't be part of an alliance with the us . 
  but it would completely change our relationship . 
  from client states protected by the superpower and following its command , we would become equals , able to negociate on the same footing , defend our own interests first , and intervene alone if necessary . 
  that 's it ? 
  just logos ? 
  as shown by david ricardo , all restriction on trade even designed to boost your trade surplus is actually hurting your own economy as well . 
  but the comparison with mercantilism is n't even good anyway , since the european trade surplus does n't come from protectionism but on the contrary from free trade . 
  we trade far more with the rest of the world than the usa does , but while we have the highest trade surplus they have the largest trade deficit . 
  only the cap works like a mercantilist policy but i doubt that 's where all the surplus comes from . 
  having a trade surplus in itself is not bad in any way . 
  of course it means that we do n't import as much things as we could afford , but so what ? 
  instead , we re-invest the money to make benefits , just like china , the gulf countries , etc. 
   the eurozone already has large fiscal transfer . 
  hmm , the european budget is barely 1 % of gdp , and only a fraction of it is spent on actual fiscal transfers towards the poorer states . 
  yes , we do that a lot . 
  but we also `` tchip '' ( * suck our teeth * in english ) . 
  it 's mostly a black thing , and it 's said only black people do it right , but now it 's spreading to the rest of the population . 
  [ here 's a video on it from arte 's karambolage . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_a7znlxsha ) edit : [ the transcript in french . 
  ] ( http://www.arte.tv/magazine/karambolage/fr/le-quotidien-le-tchip-karambolage ) [ the transcript in german . 
  yeah , it 's a bit far-fetched to say that verlan was `` a verbal rebellion against french as the language of colonisation '' when it was already used in literature in the 50s ... 
  but otherwise the examples are good . 
  bearded drag-queen singer ? 
  bosnia confirmed for european . 
  isis is certainly much closer to the original 7th century spirit of islam than western gay-friendly liberal `` muslims '' , but the point was that even isis chooses to ignore the bits that annoy them and do n't serve their agenda . 
  [ and 73 % of german muslims also think homosexuality is morally unacceptable . 
  ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) those numbers are not so contradictory though . 
  you can very well be okay with something being legal for others , but oppose it and not want it in your own community . 
  it 's a big principle in islam that different religious communities should live by their own rules ( yes , i know that contradicts other islamic rules against non-believers , but still , that 's a big principle ) : for instance in morocco it is forbiden to eat during ramadan * if you 're a muslim * . 
  in the west , muslims are also generally siding with the socially liberal left , which reinforced that spirit of `` just let people live how they want '' . 
  so it 's still a good result , but it does n't mean that german muslims are actually all that gay friendly , which is still worrying , especially for their own potentially gay children , for whom they might have different standards of acceptance than for strangers . 
  it 's sadly true too often , and that 's where almost all terrorists/isis-volunteers come from , normal people from pretty non-religious families who escaped their own failures by embracing religious extremism . 
  but still that 's the exception , not the rule . 
  statistically , each new generation is less religious and more assimilated . 
  and it 's very important to remember that . 
  the generalizations of all people of muslim/arab origin with the religious extremists is very detrimental , because it rejects the non-religious , the `` cultural muslims '' and the moderates away from the rest of the population and groups them into a single `` muslim community '' defined by a religion which we definitely do n't want them to take too seriously . 
  in other words , it means refusing that they assimilate and on the contrary reminding them they 're muslims before all . 
  not surprising some end up thinking precisely that . 
  a french of vietnamese origin might have had very religious grandparents and his parents might still identify with buddhism and practice some of its traditions , but we 'd not call that guy a buddhist without asking him ( that 's a matter of private , personnal belief ) , and we 'd certainly not see him as a buddhist before anything else . 
  we would just see him as a normal guy , and he 'd have a normal french life . 
  if he has an identity crisis , it 's extremely unlikely he 'd think about taking refuge in radical ascetic buddhism , shave his head , meditate all day , etc. 
  there is obviously no absolute limit for `` overpopulation '' , it depends on resources , and those resources are vastly boosted by human ingeniosity . 
  malthus did n't predict that the agricultural output would increase exponentially thanks to chemical fertilizers . 
  but still it does n't change that natural resources are eventually limited , and that the more people there are , the more difficult it will be to solve shortages , the more expensive they will be and the more people will end up deprived of them . 
  we 've recently passed the day at which the 2015 natural resources have been arguably consumed . 
  if we are to have an actually sustainable world economy , we 'll need to consume less . 
  it does n't mean we ca n't do it with 7 or 9 or 12 billion people , but that would mean renouncing to our modern western way of life ( no , not just american wasteful extremities ) . 
  it would be incredibly easier to reach sustainability if we were not as many . 
  in that sense , we definitely are overpopulated . 
  same in france , we use `` arobase '' even for addresses . 
  the 1789 declaration of human rights was focused on building proper rule of law after centuries of absolute monarchy , more than it was in actually guaranteeing rights . 
  which is also why contrary to the us supreme court there was no way to use the declaration to actually limit government powers . 
  it was more of a moral , indicative declaration . 
  so yes , most of the articles are just variations of : government can only do x if that was properly decided by law . 
  which is an important concept , but it does n't actually give any real limit on government power . 
  i would prefer something like the udhr article 19 ( * `` everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers . 
  '' * ) or the us 1st amendment ( * `` congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievances . '' * ) . 
  they give actual limits to government power , not just some vague declaration of principle . 
  now you could argue that there needs to be limits on free speech , and that 's another debate , but those limits should be made a bit more clear . 
  the us must be extremely naive to think europeans will vote in favour of isds 29 times in a row ( eu parliament + all national parliaments ) when citizens and national governments are so widely opposed to it . 
  why ca n't they just propose a regular trade deal ? 
  we would all benefit from it . 
  i guess the us government is so much in the hands of corporate lobbies that not even diplomatic common sense would make them deviate even a bit from what those lobbies want . 
  the thing is that there is no trace of that supposed money in his campaign accounts , which were limited by law anyway and sufficiently funded .
