  instead of getting more competitive by selling their products for a same price that is worth less , they can just lower the price . 
  it 's the same in terms of purchasing power . 
  = =  / r/badstats that article mixes developing and developed countries , ignores all the results that do n't fit the narrative and makes wild conclusions based on non-significative sub-samples . 
   in a sense , all euro countries could be seen as pegged to the d-mark . 
  this is krugman 's line but completely wrong . 
  the ez is not an optimal monetary union , sure , but it is still a monetary union , not a fixed exchange rates system . 
  the ecb takes its decisions for the whole ez , not germany . 
  in fact it is precisely to * stop * the blind pegging to the d-mark that the euro was created . 
  also germany has only one seat in the directorate of the ecb , and its hard line has been put in minority and rejected . 
  that 's partly because of the subtitles , which write her french correctly but his qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois phonetically so that you do n't recognize the words anymore . 
  that is completely wrong . 
  france has the closest system to yours , but we have two rounds to ensure that all representatives and the president are invested by an absolute majority ( 50 % + ) . 
  and in all other european countries , there is no `` ruling party '' but a coalition formed precisely so that it represents at least 50 % + of the votes . 
  qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois french does n't sound * awful * , but really ... funny . 
  you just ca n't take seriously anything said with this accent . 
  we have another song specifically for people like you : ^ ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsqzbewblla, 
  that 's right , officially it celebrates the 14 july 1790 , a great ceremony ( federation day ) organized to celebrate the unity of the nation and the supposed success of the revolution . 
  the national guards from all the country gathered in paris , and swore fidelity `` to the nation , the law and the king '' . 
  meanwhile , the king swore to defend and respect the constitution . 
  bastille day compatible version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh4kgya4tgs&amp;index=27&amp;list=rdcekxjhyauio from 1789 when louis xvi was the hero of the people and called `` the restaurer of french liberty '' , for accepting national sovereignty , human rights , a constitution , liberal reforms , etc. 
  we should create a cult venerating sarkozy and using lagarde 's letter as the standard prayer :  * o lord , *  * i am by your side to serve you and serve your plans . 
  *  * i tried my best and might have failed occasionally . 
  i implore your forgiveness . 
  *  * i have no personal ambitions and i have no desire to become a servile status seeker , like many of the people around you whose loyalty is recent and short-lived . 
  *  * use me for as long as it suits you and suits your plans and casting call . 
  *  * if you decide to use me , i need you as a guide and a supporter . 
  european part of the ottoman empire of course . 
  and all scientists involved were greek . 
  saying that columbus discovered america does n't mean he 's the first human to have done so , it means he 's the one who has let europeans know there was a big other continent across the sea . 
  that it was already inhabited , or that it was already discovered by the vikings , is irrelevant since people did n't know it before . 
  a discovery is always relative to the person who does it . 
  when the chinese sailed to the eastern african coast , they discovered it as well since they did n't know it existed before . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the french president does n't legally have that much more power than his european ceremonial counterparts . 
  it 's just that by tradition , when the prime minister is of the same party , he submits to the president , follows his orders , lets him set the agenda and take the big decisions . 
  the prime minister is usually just that , the first of the ministers , checking the other ministers and enforcing the president 's decisions . 
  on the contrary , when the parliament is of a different party it can impose its leader as pm , and that one obviously does n't submit to the president , so the system works as in other european countries , which is certainly better . 
  however since 2002 the situation is almost impossible because parliament is elected just right after the president , and for the same term , so they would normally have the same party . 
  there 's still the possibility of a strong and active pm serving a weak and reserved president , as it is the case with valls and hollande . 
  in that case the president can lose much of his control over policy . 
  but even then the president can always just dismiss him if there 's a conflict between them ( that 's what happened to chaban-delmas and to roccard , both were of their president 's party but were fired because they acted too independently and were becoming too popular ) . 
   well chancellor is equivalent to prime minister not president . 
  yes , that 's what amazes me the most . 
  as i said the longest a prime minister served here was 5 [ edit : actually 6 * ] years . 
  that 's crazy ... it 's twice as much as the maximum an american president can hope . 
  in france our longest serving president was mitterrand , who stayed in presidency 14 years , but at the time that meant only two full terms , and he only really controled government the first 5 years , after which he had to deal with right-wing pms , illness , and rivalry in his party . 
  if we 're talking about government , the longest a prime minister has remained in power is 5 years [ edit : actually 6 * years , though that was under degaulle ] . 
   most likely merkel will run in 2017 16 years in power ? 
  at this point you can just elect her for life . 
  i thought the current narrative was that scha\u00fcble tried to push greece out of the ez . 
  if so why would he ask for varoufakis ' head ? 
  very interesting analysis , but is the reaction really that different ? 
  in both cases governments solved the banks in priority . 
  the real difference is that in one case most borrowers went completely bankrupt while for greece there were bail-outs and only partial default . 
  so the question is again whether it was better to bail-out and avoid default . 
  and to answer this i 'm not sure the comparison holds since the rules of bankrupcy are not the same for people and for countries . 
  that 's a really good idea !, 
  though maybe we could have thematic weeks not necessarily based on countries , but more trans-national ? 
  i 'm just saying the `` prediction '' is pretty bad . 
  there have been others posted in this sub which fit the current situation much better . 
   german milk costs less to produce than greek milk per liter due to economies of scale , and domestic factors ( for example , cow vaccines are made in germany instead of greece ) . 
  in general that means that a carton of german milk can be sold in greece for $ 1 , whereas a carton of greek milk for $ 1.20 . 
  so the greek consumer will naturally tend to buy the german milk which means the greeks pay less for milk and save money that they can spent on something else , which benefits them first of all . 
   greece ( or portugal , or poland ) simply do n't have the manufacturing efficiency ( and really , no country in the world does ) to compete with germany . 
  uh , i 'm sorry sven but germans are not \u00dcbermenschen so superior to the rest of humanity that noone can possibly compete with them . 
  in the real world there are very successful companies from all over the world doing exactly that . 
  but even if that was the case , it 'd be irrelevant . 
  as david ricardo demonstrated , even if a country was more efficient than anyone else in every single domain , it would still be in everyone 's interest to trade . 
  to put it simply , it 's as if germany was a successful businessman and greece was his secretary . 
  the businessman is certainly capable of doing anything that the secretary does even better than she does , but he keeps paying for her services , simply because it means he can use his time more efficiently by focusing on his own job instead . 
  so what ? 
  all members benefit from being members of the eu and trading with each others . 
  the money they get by trading , they * earn * it , it is not taken out of the pockets of greek or other taxpayers . 
  it is dishonest to present it as if it was equivalent . 
  that 's not really the current situation though . 
  we 're bailing out a bankrupt government , not giving subventions to compensate the incapacity to devaluate ( well we do give subsidies to poor regions but that has nothing to do with the euro ) . 
  a greek exit means monetary devaluation , which is entirely equivalent to the internal devaluation prescribed by the troika . 
  it would be just as painful . 
  sure , and * that 's * exactly what we should be discussing . 
  imagine if we had a common single eu army , a common eu social security , etc. , all financed by direct eu taxes . 
  from the taxpayers ' perspective , nothing would immediately change , but a large part of what greece currently spends would now depend on the eu rather than on their own taxmoney . 
  so the vicious cycle of austerity and recession would be broken . 
  the greek government could cut its spending , which would hurt the economy but be compensated by lower eu taxes and higher benefits ; and all the domains that are trusted to the eu would remain unaffected by the cuts , so for instance greek pensions , healthcare , etc. 
  would not be threatened by the austerity . 
  besides , a european mutualization would allow us to save a lot of money and increase efficiency , but also to take direct contrl of whole administrations which would limit nepotism and corruption in greece . 
  i 'm really saddened this is not brought up more often , not even by greece . 
  imagine if we had a common single eu army , a common eu social security , etc. , all financed by direct eu taxes . 
  from the taxpayers ' perspective , nothing would immediately change , but a large part of what greece currently spends would now depend on the eu rather than on their own taxmoney . 
  so the vicious cycle of austerity and recession would be broken . 
  the greek government could cut its spending , which would hurt the economy but be compensated by lower eu taxes and higher benefits ; and all the domains that are trusted to the eu would remain unaffected by the cuts , so for instance greek pensions , healthcare , etc. 
  would not be threatened by the austerity . 
  besides , a european mutualization would allow us to save a lot of money and increase efficiency , but also to take direct contrl of whole administrations which would limit nepotism and corruption in greece . 
  germans do n't disagree with the proposal because it is perfectly reasonable and almost identical with the one tsipras himself proposed , and definitely not a coup : it is accepted by the greek government and will be voted by the greek parliament . 
  they can very well decide to reject it and try and solve their budget by themselves . 
   if the eu was more integrated , it would be treated like a us state and no one would blink . 
  [ ** the us never bails out its states . 
  they deal with their problems by themselves . 
  ** ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052970204740904577193032770537826 ), 
   the greek people used to and still have the power to stand back on their feet , against blackmailers and economic hitmen . 
  awesome !,
