  the political spectrum is completely different in france and in the us . 
  french ( or more generally european ) far-right is essentially based on ethnic nationalism and authoritarianism , not on christian conservatism and libertarianism . 
  ah , alright , i did n't understand that . 
  making reforms to schengen is definitely not the same as expelling the majority of members . 
   we should start small it 's not * starting * when we 've already been together for decades and you decide to expell us all from our own union . 
   only after they 've reached our level economically and morally . 
  you 're right , as daesh said , france is `` the capital of all abominations and perversions '' . 
  you could n't risk of getting corrupted . 
  how is it federalization if it does n't go any further than schengen already does ? 
  it 's just expelling all other countries , nothing more . 
  it ** is ** is clear weakening of pan-european cooperation , no matter how you call it . 
  mlp is not concerned but i think this definitely should apply as well to neo-nazis , who oppose all our values and celebrate those who invaded and occupied our country . 
  i 'm not really a fan of expanding legal definitions to include things they do not mean . 
  as others noted in other threads recently we should always consider the risk of governments enlarging the term `` terrorism '' to target non-violent opposition , as was done in some countries . 
  if we want to ban something we can do it clearly . 
  but then you need evidence that they did physically fight for daesh , which is the entire problem : people are not arrested because we do n't have evidence of that , even when they come back from syria . 
  what i 'm saying is that the very idea of supporting djihadism or organizations that have declared war against us should be treason and should be enough to warrant a loss of citizenship and treatment as an enemy prisoner ( regulated by the geneva convention ) . 
  proving that those people support daesh is not nearly as difficult , in fact they are listed most of the time because we already have elements proving that they do . 
  we actually do n't have proper laws to deal with this . 
  `` treason '' most of the time refers only to transfer of information to enemies . 
  what we need is the ability to brand as traitors all those who fight for or support the djihadist movements at war against us , and be able to revoke their citizenship or at least put them in jail ( or rather military prison ) for a long time for this reason alone . 
  this would really change things , because we do know the people who support djihadism and end up committing attacks . 
  they 're very far from being all muslims but they are also far more numerous than those we 'll be able to catch and convict for terrorism . 
  there are around 5000 of them in france , and new terrorists are systematically already known and part of that list . 
  just because they have n't killed anyone yet does n't mean those 5000 have n't already rejected france and its values and do n't support war against us . 
   we did as little as possible during the arab spring , we did as little as possible to deal with the fallout of a miscalculated intervention in libya , we did as little as possible in syria , we do as little as possible in ukraine . 
  as always the west is guilty when it does anything or when it does n't do anything . 
   it 's not like it 'll ever be useful . 
  moar europe guys . 
  i guess you 're being ironical but that is precisely the solution : more european cooperation , or even integration with a common surveillance and investigation centre like the fbi . 
   the kids flocking to fight with isil would n't know a quran from a bible if you bashed them over the head with it . 
  yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
   my point is that the root cause for both the existence and the success of these movements is not a fundamental hatred of our way of life , but a consequence of decades of imperialism and unilateral warring and meddling in their affairs by the west . 
  the root cause for both the existence and the success of these movements is the radical islamist ideology . 
  you recognize yourself that most victims are muslims in muslim countries . 
  why do they get killed ? 
  because they are `` western imperialists '' ? 
  or because radical islamist movements want to take total control of their country to impose a religious dictatorship ? 
  or what about india , do they get bombed because the west keeps meddling in the middle east , or because they are infidels ? 
  is daesh 's affiliate boko haram after the liberation of nigeria from white occupation , or are they explicitely about banning books and capturing sex slaves ? 
  also i like how when the talibans use afghanistan as a basis to attack the west and the west kicks them out of power , it 's `` unilateral warring by the west '' . 
  same in mali . 
  same in yemen . 
  same in syria/iraq now . 
  i 'd like to know what `` anti-imperialists '' would have rather done . 
  and the accusation of `` meddling '' is the best , because not only every international power `` meddles '' in anyone else 's business no matter what , but even if you do n't you 'll get accused of doing so anyway . 
  look at `` the jews '' / israel , no matter what happens in the middle east ( or the world , for that matter ) it is somehow always part of their evil plan , even when it clearly goes against their own interest . 
  well we ca n't win at that game either , no matter what the west does or does n't , what happens is always its fault . 
  you 're actually right , i support this but the double standard is outrageous and anti-constitutionnal ( which is higher than the international treaties supposedly banning the creation of stateless people ) . 
  it does n't matter that someone has only a french passport , if he rejects france , its values and attacks her , he is not french . 
  international law is pretty clear that a country does n't need to be recognized by anyone to be a country . 
  we should take back our signature . 
  people who reject france and its most fundamental values and attack her are not french , period . 
  no matter if they were born here or if they have no other nationality . 
  so what if they become stateless ? 
  we already have obligations to respect the fundamental rights of stateless people . 
   but he 's a terrorist , and that accusation does n't need evidence except it does ? 
  not all countries allow that though . 
  tunisia , for instance . 
  the european court of human rights has nothing to do with the eu . 
  it depends on the council of europe , an older organization which includes all european countries except belarus , but including russia and turkey . 
  as i explained above it does n't actually have the power to block any decision by a state . 
  if the uk does n't expell those people it is by its own choice . 
  the echr can not block anything , it can only condemn a country to pay a fine/compensation if it broke the convention on human rights . 
  russia and turkey are also subject to the echr and get regularly convicted but it has never `` blocked '' them for doing what they really wanted . 
  in retention camps for undocumented foreigners , i suppose . 
  waiting there until another country accepts to take them in . 
  that 's not allowed and visibly not in plans yet , though i wish it was . 
  the idea that you * are * french by birth no matter what you do or how you feel about it is just absolutely contrary to france 's conception of the nation . 
  and by simple logic if it is possible to get the nationality by sharing the country 's culture , language , values and wanting to live there together with the other countrymen , it should also be possible to lose it by rejecting and fighting the country 's culture and values and by waging war against it . 
  current law only allows to strip citizenship of people who were naturalized , not french-born . 
  possibly they might want to make the process easier and quicker ; so far it 's only been used once against a terrorist . 
  it 's pretty popular but most people wo n't pay several euros per week to read a couple of cartoons in the days of the internet . 
  they have a small readership though , which helped them keep more or less afloat . 
  also newspapers get a lot of subsidies in france , and i think ch got an additional one after the last attacks to make sure it would n't close . 
  are you implying djihadists have nothing against liberal democracy or against our `` sinful '' ways ? 
  or that the fact they specifically targetted things like satirical newspapers , concerts , bars , etc. 
  has nothing to do with it ? 
  neither the fact that daesh specifically justified the attacks by calling paris `` the capital of abominations and perversions '' ? 
  also is n't it quite strange that they also attack the same way of life and the same liberal democracy in their own countries , that are by definition not crusader states ? 
  or that when they get to power their priority is to crack down on western `` decadent '' culture ? 
  well we created england so i think we win that competition . 
  otherwise : * persecution of jews , heretics and various others during the middle-ages * massacre and expulsion of protestants * countless warcrimes widely committed in basically all non-recent wars , and we fought * a lot * ( often as attackers without any legitimate casus belli ) * same during our civil wars ( particularly against the vend\u00e9ens then against the communards ) * massacres and executions during the terreur that went completely out of hand * taking part in the slave trade * various exactions in the colonies * collaboration with nazi germany especially for the deportation and extermination of jews and others, 
  i doubt sinking the rainbow warrior counts as a `` crime against humanity '' . 
  even though it 's pretty shameful . 
  it 's easier to be in favour of war when those large explosions are already happening where you live ... 
  the idea of ` spitzenkandidaten ' is already established and was implemented last elections , so proposing to put it in law is n't really a bold step . 
  in fact , i 'm rather disappointed that they did n't really draw any conclusion from those last elections . 
  there were candidates , and what changed ? 
  were the elections more european and less national ? 
  did the process feel more democratic and transparent ? 
  did people feel like they really had the power to change eu policies ? 
  why ? 
  because the candidates were as always uncharismatic and relatively unknown politicians with basically the same ideas , almost completely ignored by the media , and most importantly chosen behind closed doors by the top level european political apparatchiks , without any voice for actual citizens . 
  what we need is open primaries just as in the united states . 
  * this * is what would really stir up some debate and political involvement . 
  let candidates propose bold new ideas directly , organize meetings and compete with each other . 
  let people directly vote for who they want to be the candidate of their european party . 
  ( hopefully with a better voting system than in the us though . ), 
  that 's just propositions , that have very little chance to get adopted .
