  and `` pilkunnussija '' = comma-fucker . 
  the latter is used for people considered too pedantic . 
  google translate does n't seem to do any kind of a decent job translating finnish in the first place . 
  i 've had to give up on posting google translated articles to people because of that . 
  makes zero sense , which makes it so hilarious . 
  `` everybody else is doing it too ! ', 
  is n't really a justification for anything . 
  especially for a country that participates in distributing a `` peace prize '' and fancies itself a beacon of human rights and neutrality . 
  sweden is concerned , just like uk , because they have an extensive eavedsdropping program targeting foreign nations , just a home-spun one , and not part of prism ( as far as i know ) . 
  they 're trying hard to avoid being asked uncomfortable questions . 
  the swedish parliament recently made it legal for their military intelligence to tap into all internet traffic going through sweden . 
  they had been doing it already , but now it 's legal . 
  translation : fra sweden is doing the exact same thing the us is , and are trying to avoid drawing attention to it . 
   * tallinn is also home to the nato cyber-defence centre , where data experts from across europe and the united states work to protect the information networks of the alliance 's 28 member states . 
  goat guarding a cabbage patch , as a local saying goes ... 
  he would have to come to finland to apply for asylum . 
  but yes , he 'd have a temporary permit of residence . 
  i do n't really get why people are disappointed that countries require you to be around to apply , if your starting point is that everyone has to be treated fairly . 
  if you did n't have to be present , every country would be buried in asylum requests , and nobody would be able to process them all . 
  and , how does it help you if you 're in a hostile country and we grant you asylum ? 
  are we supposed to send a spec-ops team to fetch you ? 
  afghanistan is a slightly different issue . 
  there was some actual justification for that invasion , how ever slight . 
  also , the finnish troops are/were part of the isaf force , not operation enduring freedom ( jesus fuck , how orwellian these names can get ... ) , which is the combat mission . 
  though the two have apparently been merged some years back , which has resulted the finns taking part in the shooting war . 
  i do n't much like our presence in afghanistan either , actually . 
  as our current minister of foreign affairs said some time ago , `` finland is now a party in an afghani civil war . '', 
  we are ostensibly a neutral country , and are taking part in someone else 's war . 
  interestingly , the finnish politicians who 've commented on the issue seem to have generally favorable things to say . 
  the current minister of international development , heidi hautala , calls him a `` defender of human rights '' . 
  i 'll link the article here , but it 's in finnish . 
  google translate seems to mangle it up completely , often reversing the meaning of sentences . 
  in our cabinet 's view , the process of granting asylum has to be same to everyone , no matter who you are . 
  to be honest , if you assisted in the iraq invasion , there 's reason to be disrespectful . 
  actually our politicians are falling over themselves to please the us most of the time . 
  every sitting minister gets judged in the press on if they 've been invited for an official visit to the states . 
  every time there 's a debate about a politician , someone always comes out with `` yeah , but he/she did n't get invited to the us ! '', 
  as if it 's some kind of a qa stamp that certifies their fitness to be a politician . 
  finlandization is still here , but it 's to the west now ... 
  err ... what are quills on the hedgehog made of , btw ? 
  they look not-so-vaguely inedible . 
  partly my point . 
  there are large groups in the u.s. that constantly keep going on about preserving the constitution and this and that party violating constitutional values . 
  maybe they should finally start to walk the walk , instead of the constant talking ... 
   but are our politicians willing to impose limitations on the all-holy global free trade and demand that google isolate their network into different parts : the eu fragment and the rest-of-the-world fragment ? 
  that remains to be seen . 
   this is a huge infrastructure issue for companies like google . 
  despite all the cloud-talk around , it already makes little sense for companies like google to store , say swedish users data in spain , or the u.s , for example , because that increases network traffic through backbone connections , latency , and introduces more points of failure . 
  this is probably one of the reasons why google is so keen to know your location in the first place . 
  i 'm pretty sure that as much as possible of finns ' data is generally hosted on finnish servers by google , already . 
  indeed . 
  if companies sell products or services to european customers ( or any others outside the us , as far as i know ) , by treaties , they have to comply with the local law when dealing with that customer . 
  and , i 'm reasonably confident that * all * nordic countries have similar laws in place , making it impossible for customers to sign away any rights provided to them by law . 
  trade , and other treaties are specifically mentioned in the u.s. constitution in fact . 
  any treaties made with foreign countries will in effect become * law * in the states . 
   * ... all treaties made , or which shall be made , under the authority of the united states , shall be the supreme law of the land * -- article six of the united states constitution, 
  heh , looks like microsoft 's safe harbor compliance will be next under review at the end of this month . 
  i 'd be majorly surprised , yet very tickled , if they 'd be found out to be out of compliance , since their participation in prism has been practically confirmed . 
  same with the other companies . 
  google 's review looks to be happening this fall . 
  one way of doing that is for google to form an european subsidiary that 's subject to local laws . 
  and i would assume there are subsidiaries existing in other eu countries . 
  the compliance of these companies to local law should be enforced . 
  all finnish data goes over swedish wires when it * exits * the country . 
  similarly everyone 's international traffic will go through countries with different laws . 
  that 's why we have encryption protocols . 
  the problem is what happens when the data reaches the servers . 
  besides , the swedes are n't listening to the traffic ** inside ** finland . 
  at least under the fra law . 
  there 's a google server hosting center in eastern finland near the russian border , not that far from where i live , and i 'm sure there are more of those around europe . 
  one thing we should aim to find out at this point , is if google 's european facilities submit data to prism , and if that 's the case , push legislation to stop that . 
  tallinn is awesome !, 
  you can somehow sense though that people there are starting to get tired of tourists . 
  must be all the nordic and british tourists coming over completely sloshed and proceeding to piss and vomit all over the beautiful city . 
  men work in more hazardous/physically demanding jobs , eat less healthily , smoke and drink more , succeed more often in commiting suicides and probably have more dangerous hobbies . 
  it 's a combination of things . 
  til : the roma are more finnish than the native finns . 
  fun fact for the foreigners : the finnish roma men used to traditionally dress up as horse carriage drivers , in jodhpur type pants , vest , white shirt and riding boots , as that was a respected profession . 
  now they dress up as stereotypical `` taxi drivers '' , in formal pants , dress shoes and leather jacket . 
  yes , all of the projected 30000 refugees finland 's going to get are completely same as the 200 who 've turned back so far ? 
  makes complete sense . 
  wait ... no , no it does n't . 
  i know you 're being willfully obtuse , but i 'll still point out that many people who love some or all of those would definitely say we can never have enough of different varieties . 
  kebab , halawa , candies , art and textiles come to mind off the top of my head . 
  yep . 
  this is n't that outlandish at all . 
  even in europe , most cleaning people are women , and even in these comments , some people expect a `` cleaning lady '' to do these people 's work . 
  this is all competely normal , and part of these people 's integration . 
  as long as the local officials handle it appropriately . 
  and they seem to be doing just that , by making them clean after themselves . 
  they 'll come to their senses . 
  hopefully before they drown in shit . 
  some definitely are n't . 
  well , they do seek asylum , but not for credible reasons . 
  every system will have someone trying to take advantage of it . 
  however , from the article :  but it 's clear that the vast majority of people coming into finland are seeking asylum on credible grounds , '' kettunen pointed out . 
  well , some of them were probably plenty naughty , but just busy vomiting . 
  pretty much looks like any large festival anywhere in europe , if you swap the dirndls and lederhosen for regular clothes . 
  there 's such a thing as temporary safety . 
  internally displaced people might still be under threat , and neighboring countries like turkey are already taking care of millions of refugees , so their resources are insufficient to take care of everyone .
