  people 's situations differ . 
  some of the families might be internally displaced , or in crowded temporary camps in the neighboring countries . 
  they 're still away from the risk of direct harm , but it 's not a permanent solution . 
  they 'll also have brothers and family members from their extended family protecting them . 
  you can see from the frustration of many of the refugees that they 're in hurry to get their families away from there . 
  of course some of the people are there just to take advantage of the opportunity , but every human endeavor has those people , and in this case they 're still taking great risks to have a better life , so you still have to have some empathy for them , even if you end up sending them back in the end . 
  there 's also the 1-2 % of sociopaths every human population has , who might cause trouble at some point , but they 're a part of living in every society , and justifying not helping the others because of them is really not morally or ethically valid . 
   not sure how you 'd `` wear a pig '' you ca n't wear * a * pig , but you can wear pig . 
  namely , pig leather . 
  i did some googling on it , and there 's apparently some discussion about it in the hadiths . 
  some guy was advised by a scholar for example that if he needs to wear pigskin gloves for work , he can do it just fine if he ca n't find an alternative , and he washes his hands afterwards . 
  so it 's definitely a thing . 
   people who find it sensitive being around or looking at pig imagery do that generally because they are ( culturally ) disgusted by it , not because it 's part of their religion . 
  many sects of islam ban representative imagery entirely , but i 'm pretty sure it does n't cause actual disgust in that many people . 
  but yeah , if someone has some specific vendetta against pigs , that definitely seems cultural . 
  yeah , i guess it could be considered as a gracious move , but to me it seems similar to hanging tapestries on your walls and filling your living room table with vodka bottles to make a russian guest `` more comfortable '' . 
  iow : over-excited pandering , with the expectation that everyone from your guest 's home area will have similar tastes . 
  and appropriately , the decision seems to have been made by over-excited kids in this case . 
  namely , a student council . 
  some student council was being dumb , and the teachers basically did [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/beys6r2.jpg ) . 
  the national immigration authority finnish immigration service [ has already said that they 're being dumb ] ( http://www.savonsanomat.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/pukeutuminen-kuuluu-perusoikeuksiin/2131750 ) , and even if such a rule was somehow considered binding , it could n't be enforced . 
  quote :  `` it 's everyone 's right to dress as they will , snellman emphasizes . '', 
  of course it 's also everyone 's right to rant on the internet about a `` cultural genocide '' or whateverthefuck . 
  which i 'm sure plenty of people will keep on doing . 
  in the us it actually seems to be about avoiding offending the christians . 
  every single story about a dress code fight i 've seen from the us has always had some `` devout christians '' involved . 
  nobody cares about the muslims , since they 're in the wrong team . 
   yeah , i hate to go all `` systematic oppression of the patriarchy social justice '' on you here , but forcing women to dress in a subservient way is n't a preference unless the preference is to avoid trouble . 
  the problem is that it 's damn near impossible to be determine with certainty if a particular woman wears a hijab because they 're told to , or because it 's their preference . 
  banning them outright would violate the rights of the people who want to wear them , and just walking up to them and telling them not to wear one would be the equivalent of walking up to a stranger wearing a skirt , and telling them to stop wearing skirts because they 're `` a tool of the patriarchy '' . 
  just because you can use something for a bad purpose , that does n't mean that the item itself is inherently bad . 
  we do n't ban steak knives either , even though people have been stabbed with them . 
   it 's an advertisement for a regressive culture that is trying to normalise something at odd with liberal , progressive cultures . 
  depends on what your definition of `` normalise '' is in this instance . 
  if it 's `` everyone should wear one '' , i 'm against such normalisation . 
  if it 's `` it 's perfectly fine to wear a hijab , and some people do '' , i 'm completely fine with it . 
   just recently a middle eastern guy plotted to kill his sister , because she was hanging around with her finnish friends late at night . 
  any chance i could get a reliable source for that ? 
  i do n't doubt that there 's a non-zero possibility for that , but that 's the first time i 've heard it happening in finland . 
  who would you think an average western family would send , if someone needed to make a long , dangerous trip with the risk of violence , robbery or possibly rape ? 
  many people in european countries seem to underestimate people from other continents . 
  these are well informed , mostly city-dwellers , who gamble on being able to bring the rest of their families to the country they 're headed for through family unification rules in refugee conventions . 
  these are the relatively well-off middle class people who had money to buy transit away from their home country , but not enough to just jump into a private jet to get away . 
  the poorer people might just get internally displaced , or move to a neighboring country , but these people are n't in any less of a danger . 
  people with money and the intelligentsia are usually prime targets , and the first ones under suspicion from both sides in any rebellion . 
  afaik , islam only forbids you from wearing or eating pigs , just like it forbids you from wearing or eating lions or elephants . 
  of course this stuff varies a by denomination , just like in christianity , but i 'm pretty sure nobody 's going to burst into flames at the sight of a pig . 
  a sea dog then ? 
  / r/unnecessaryquotes, 
   shakira law as we all know , her hips do n't lie , so at least it 'd be just and fair . 
  hundreds of thousands . 
  [ possibly over a million . 
  `` welcome to bulgaria !, 
  here 's your brush . 
  you know what to do . '', 
  1 year `` is fuppen immortal yet ? '', 
  it looks a lot like a crime of passion to me . 
  which would still make him fucked up in the head , of course . 
  could have been an immigrant , or not . 
  we do n't know yet . 
  eragon is a badly written book about a kid and some dragons . 
  you 're thinking of the [ octagon ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081259/ ) . 
  yeah , people would probably have time to cool down before they managed to assemble one . 
  in the house-wares department of ikea , where knives are literally laying around everywhere ? 
  i bet he 's catholic . 
  because they 're civilians used to dealing with civilians and they have crowd control training ? 
  welp , it looks like he 's fully exercising those privileges and conduct . 
  edit : also , `` buttifant '' ? 
  v\u00e4yrynen is a. . . controversial figure in finnish politics . 
  one of my favorite comments about him is that he 's so crooked that when he dies , you do n't have to buy a coffin since you can just screw him into the ground like a corkscrew . 
  in 1989 a letter was leaked where he described how he was having `` discussions '' in the soviet embassy about how the ussr could help `` make the will of the finnish people happen '' , iow , get his preferred candidate elected as the next president . 
  he threatened to sue the professor who publicized the letter for defamation , but since the letter was authentic , there was no case . 
  the guy will cheat in the most mundane of things . 
  at one point he had a house trailer in lapland , which he 'd declared as his permanent place of residence while actually living in helsinki , so he could claim travel expenses while `` serving '' as a member of the parliament . 
  v\u00e4yrynen thinks of himself as the grand old man of finnish politics , but mostly he 's just tolerated in his party as he has a small but puzzlingly loyal base that keeps electing him . 
  i would take anything he says with a truckload of salt . 
   is n't such a school voucher system the fantasy of the libertarians and free market capitalists ? 
  yep . 
  i 'm incredibly glad finland has n't moved to school vouchers . 
  one of the main strengths of our school system is to me that everybody goes to the same schools , whether they 're from rich or poor background . 
  kids from different socioeconomic backgrounds get to interact with each other , and form friendships . 
  that has an important function of acting as `` networking '' , which enhances social mobility , it exposes kids to competing ideas and views they might not get exposed to otherwise , and it improves social stability by helping people from different socioeconomic background understand each other . 
  an another important benefit is that the people in power have an interest in ensuring adequate funding for all schools , since it 's more difficult for them to pick and choose the school their own kids will go to . 
  i 'd guess this last one is probably one of the bigger reasons why finland keeps scoring so well on pisa . 
  no problem . 
   you know what ? 
  i am a 3rd gen immigrant in my country and i am fucking greatful . 
  that 's great !, 
  i wish more people in general would be aware of the benefits and rights their society awards them . 
   so cut the condescending act . 
   i 'm not talking out of my ass . 
  and i was n't talking about you personally . 
  i 'm not quite sure where the hostility is coming from . 
  how grateful do you figure an average citizen of a western democracy is for what that society provides them ? 
  not very , i 'd say . 
  people always complain about something , or think they 're getting a raw deal . 
  it 's the same with these individuals . 
  they 're typically 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants , or immigrated at a young age , so they have n't experienced any other way of life . 
  you ca n't know what it 's like to miss something you 've always had . 
  [ here 's a two axis map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7lau6dq.png ) helsingin sanomat built about the parties based on their answers to a questioneer recently .
