  4 ) norway has 860 billion dollars stashed away for a rainy day , but apparently things are real bad you guys !, 
  5 ) '' * the government is spending $ 20 billion more oil money this year than in 2007 * '' meaning that it has spent less money every year in the past 6 years than it did in 2007 . 
  so this signifies a trend in what way ? 
  6 ) judging by the other photos in the story , women walking around is the sign of end times . 
  killing himself or improving things ? 
  yep , definitely looks like something ultra-nationalists would draw on absinthe in the 1920s . 
  ah hell , that 's unfortunate . 
  that 'll certainly have the risk of increasing ghettoification , and lessening the chances of kids in many places getting proper education , if their schools get designated as `` not being worth spending funds on '' . 
  i can see how getting people to relinquish their chance of picking a school would be hard . 
  it 's a bit like the parents who refuse to vaccinate their kids . 
  everyone just yells `` muh freedom to choose ! '', 
  and forgets that they 're hurting their fellow citizens in the process . 
  there 's probably no reason to assume a direct correlation with the introduction of the school voucher system , but it seems that sweden has dropped 20 places in the pisa rankings in this century , which is alarming . 
  of course . 
  if you 're rich enough , you have the ability to just move to a location where your kids will be assigned to the shool you desire . 
  and there will always be divides of some kind . 
  i do n't think it 's ever completely possible to remove those , with people being people . 
  i do n't see that really helping . 
  the finns apparently still need a party of their own , since , as we 're supposed to believe , none of the other 15 parties registered in finland are acting for the finns , and are instead * all * working for the benefit of some nebulous outside force ? 
   they 've always been called perussuomalaiset . 
  it was the foreign press who deliberately mistranslated that as the `` true finns '' to make them seem more scary . 
  `` true finns '' was [ invented and accepted by the party itself ] ( http://www.hs.fi/english/article/1135268720226 ) . 
  the same divide is implied in the party 's finnish name . 
  that somehow they 're more regular , normal and uncomplicated , as opposed to , i suppose those fancy politicians in the other parties with their book-learnin ' and weird ways that somehow lack something from the `` true essence of being a finn '' . 
  it smells of being meant to create a divide between the `` right-thinking '' people in perussuomalaiset and the `` others '' . 
  what i find hilarious is that the english names make the divide that 's only implied in the finnish name completely clear and unambiguous . 
  it 's obvious they wanted to retain the propaganda value of the name , but lacked any subtleness about it . 
   it 's the same as any other party . 
  i do n't see the same kind of combativeness or misleading from other parties , tbh . 
  maybe keskusta ( center party ) , that claims to be in the center as implied by the name , but has been traditionally right-leaning , with their base being land owners and old fashioned & religious people from the country , instead of city-dwelling industrialists and white collar workers , like with kokoomus ( national coalition party ) . 
  indeed . 
  the school system overhaul in the 70s plays a big part in the education scores . 
  and schools play a big part in having high social mobility too . 
  since people do n't generally get to pick the schools for their kids , families from both rich and poor people go to same schools , and get to know eachother . 
  rich people 's kids get to see how meager the lives of poorer people often are , and poor people 's kids get to see that rich people are n't all just stuck-up assholes out to oppress you . 
  and children form friendships across class divides that benefit them later in their lives . 
  unfortunately people are increasingly finding ways to choose the schools for their kids , and the high pisa scores seem to have encouraged complacency and calls for decreased funding since everything is `` fine '' . 
  so the system is kind of under threat . 
  if you look [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/programme_for_international_student_assessment ) , you can see how finland frequented the 1st and 2nd places during the last decade , and in 2012 fell to 12th place in the maths assessment , accompanied by a fall in other areas too . 
   protest party the true finns , now known as ` the finns ' the fuck ? 
  i had n't bothered to find out what their new english name was , but i 'm not surprised at all that they ended up with that one . 
  describes the party 's modus operandi perfectly . 
  previously : * true finn = everyone who thinks like us . 
  if you 're not anti-eu & anti-brown people , you 're not a true finn . 
  * now : * the finns want this & the finns want that . 
  if you do n't , you are n't a finn . 
  * it 's hilarious how transparent they are with this bullshit school yard `` you 're not a true belieber if you do n't have at least 3 posters of justin '' type reasoning . 
  edited : removed the quotes . 
  on second thought , those were n't well known enough . 
  the cleaning lady is [ intimidating them by leaving her keys there ] ( http://imgur.com/a/an3gi#5 ) ? 
  * `` ve have plenty of keys where those came from , tovarisch !, 
  '' * seriously , there 's no sane way this could be construed as intimidation of any kind . 
  if they wanted to intimidate this ford lady , why would they be so vague ? 
  and why would you assume she does n't already know that the local authorities just need to ask the hotel for a key to get to her room anyway ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the press is fully aware that they 're likely to be monitored . 
  spies would probably be more careful . 
  remember , hotels have cleaning crew coming and going constantly , and it 's much more likely that one of them just forgot the door open . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's standard in most of western and northern europe . 
  there 's actually a glass of tap water sitting next to me right now , since i needed something to drink . 
  to be fair , this does n't prove anything about the state of the place any more than the earlier pictures of mud pits and broken streets did . 
  we need to wait until the olympics start and the competitors and press get there , before we can start to get a picture of the real situation . 
  much of what is used for fixing the buildings and the infrastructure needs an existing infrastucture to get there . 
  in a post-apocalyptic scenario , if your immediate concern is getting enough food to eat for the next winter , you are n't going to be walking 20 miles to the next town to search for bricks and paint . 
  or bother to use them to fix a high-rise nobody lives in , since 99 % of the humanity is dead . 
  not to mention there being no way of getting the materials there , since there are no usable vehicles around . 
  nobody had draught animals since it was a city , so you do n't even have horse carriages . 
  if you look at the pictures at / r/abandonedporn for example , you 'll notice how fast things like buildings deteriorate without maintenance . 
  if anything , post-apocalyptic games give too optimistic view of how much of the past infrastructure would be left standing in 100-200 years . 
  places like sarajevo are vastly different , since most people survived the war , and bosnia & herzegovina were surrounded by places with working infrastructure and fuel was widely available . 
  while the rebulding still took lots of effort , and was in no way easy , it was still much , much easier , since there was a civilization left to rebuild . 
  let 's now proceed to flail about wildly : \\* flail \\*, 
  it 's kinda okay , i guess . 
  you have the chinese flag as your flair , but i 'll assume you 're american , since you mention the constitution : your reply is absolutely opaque to me , since all of your visible political parties accuse the others of anti-constitutional , draconian policies that endanger the economy . 
  i was kind of hoping for specific issues that you find get too much of a `` politically correct '' here . 
  reddit is right of * european * center though . 
  i can think of several segments . 
  children , stormfronters , children of stormfronters , people who routinely upvote everything that 's already been upvoted , bitter & jealous people , people who see the opposite sex/other race as vastly more privileged , etc. 
  most of those groups are n't very susceptible to having their opinion changed by logic . 
  there are probably voting brigades too , on contentous issues . 
  even if srs claims not to use them , that does n't mean people like stormfront and other far right groups do n't form them . 
  and , those people will still probably browse reddit even though they do n't conciously seek racist posts . 
  i personally pay more attention to the replies . 
  you can often find several smart , well thought out , highly upvoted opposing views to the bigoted comment . 
  people who read the original comment will likely read those too , if they care at all about the issue . 
  these are also the posts that matter to the people whose minds can actually be changed . 
  of course it 's about society . 
  reddit is n't some alternate dimension , separate from society , where evil spirits float around , posting problematic comments . 
  worrying about the upvotes a single comment gets is n't very useful anyway . 
  reddit is comprised of people , who ca n't be everywhere all the time , and who have limited attention spans and things to do outside reddit . 
  competely vile shit will occasionally get massive upvotes , just as someone will cut in line in real life , and the world will still continue moving forward . 
  people are , by the second , more well fed , more educated and more healthy . 
  all of those +1000 upvoted `` lol niggerfaggit '' posts are just noise , by people who are left behind , farther and farther . 
  i share many of the concerns of the people in srs purportedly have , though our priorities and views on the severity of said problems seem vastly different . 
  and they 're just so insufferably assholish about it the whole time . 
  if you ca n't act like an adult and have a sense of proportion when talking about serious issues , nobody 's going to take you seriously . 
  to elaborate a bit more : the `` anti-immigration '' and `` culture preservation '' people have the twisted , incorrect view that brown people are charging in to europe in vast masses and drowning the native population in ebil islam . 
  in fact , the amounts of immigrant and refugees coming in to europe is so low that they will never displace the native population . 
  the srsers and tumblristas have a same kind of faulty view of reality . 
  they think that misogynism is everywhere , and they 're the vanguard against the evil forces of the patriarchy . 
  when in fact , the overwhelming majority of people , both men and women , are completely decent people who value eachother regardless of their gender .
