many people might drink 6 cups of coffee per day . 
  your body eventually builds tolerance to caffeine , and it stops affecting you . 
  i 'm guessing it 's just a ritual he needs . 
  as sad as it is , for us all , you 're wrong . 
  i so wish it was just some sort of right-wing anti- social justice propaganda , but there 's an actual problem . 
  what people commonly call sjws , are actually activists for `` anti-oppression politics '' . 
  [ this article ] ( http://linchpin.ca/?q=content%2fallies-these-reflections-privilege-reductionism ) describes their modus operandi , and the problems with it , perfectly . 
  the movement is eating socialism from inside , seeing `` oppression '' in the smallest of things , splitting people into smaller and smaller divisions instead of uniting them in a common struggle , politicizing everything and generally poisoning the air . 
  higher education levels existing in the first place is helped by social justice , since cheap/free higher education makes it possible for less wealthy people to take advantage of it . 
  many of the countries with high social justice index have free college or low tuitions . 
  it 's probably been a useful line throughout human history . 
  tourist information pamphlets probably . 
   and you really have party called `` true finns '' ? 
  are they claiming that everyone who is n't supporting them is a fake finn ? 
  that 's the implication . 
  iirc , he 's from a bilingual home . 
  one of his parents is a swedish speaker and one finnish . 
  it 's in the papers in finland , at least . 
  happy cake day !, 
  \\* * eats orthoxerox 's cheese * \\*, 
  a couple of things to note from the article : - the immigration board says 100k is an exaggeration , and that 60 000 is the real number . 
  while this is still a massive number , it 's still considerably less . 
  - looks like the refugees will mostly be christians from northern iraq . 
  the same people whose plight has been prominently discussed in reddit too . 
  - last year , sweden took in almost 20 percent of the eu 's asylum seekers , more than any other country in the union . 
  the last point seems a bit weird to an outsider . 
  i guess that many people in sweden figure that as a very well-off nation they in some way owe it to the rest of the world to help the less fortunate . 
  it 's a commendable idea in principle , but it remains to be seen how this will work in practice . 
  one positive thing , in addition to the obvious ethical concerns , i can think of is that since the population of sweden is aging rapidly , this is a way for them to get an influx of younger people . 
  there was also a man killed by taser in 2012 , though that does n't technically count as a firearms death . 
  yep . 
  they have an internal lottery on who gets to do the threatening . 
  rt is a russian propaganda channel . 
  of course they would cherry-pick people who are pro putin to interview . 
  they 've had several journalists resign after the events in ukraine started , because they did n't approve of the kremlin-mandated agenda the channel has gained . 
  also , ukraine is apparently controlled by zionists and nazis at the same time . 
  you 're all trying to claim the same bit of seafloor that 's far away from your own coast . 
  there are no good guys in that situation who `` deserve '' that area and it 's somehow being `` stolen '' from them . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say about that issue . 
  this is silly . 
  most new icebreakers are `` multi-purpose '' ships , since they can be used for support operations on oil fields , etc. 
  it just makes them more cost effective , since you can use them for other tasks when there 's no ice around . 
  most , if not all , of our own icebreaker fleet consists of similar ships . 
  besides , everything can be `` multi-purpose '' if you just repurpose it . 
  by that same logic , we should ban russians from traveling back to russia from abroad , since they could possibly join the army . 
  yes , it is not alarming . 
  why does everything involving russia have to be alarming ? 
  whatever you think about their current foreign policy , it 's still overwhelmingly just a nation full of normal people doing normal people things . 
  and sometimes you need to keep waterways clear of ice to do those things . 
  and why the hell would a finnish company build `` non-regular icebreakers '' , whatever those are , for russia , given our mutual history ? 
  the article itself states that they 'll be used on oil and gas fields . 
  how much less hard can you `` promote '' something than this ? 
  it 's a single , pretty neutral article that has news value . 
  murdered by a villain , no less . 
  we can pretty much blame all the fearmongering over nuclear energy . 
  meanwhile , the publicist for the azov batallion ( which is apparently some sort of a far-right paramilitary unit ) [ has stated to the largest finnish daily ] ( http://www.hs.fi/ulkomaat/suomalaisista+taistelijoista+ei+tietoa/a1406004289286 ) , helsingin sanomat , that there are no finns in their ranks . 
  apparently , the allegations of finnish fighters being in ukraine are based on an italian journalist interviewing an italian volunteer who claimed that he 'd heard of finns `` joining soon '' . 
  so it 's actually hearsay of hearsay . 
  i 'm not the least bit worried about his mental state . 
  trying to understand why someone does something is not the same thing as condoning it . 
  and probably something he 's telling himself too , so he does n't have to feel responsible for the deaths of 300 innocent bystanders . 
  ah well , looks like they are . 
  i 'm not particularly thrilled by either the prospect of joining nato or staying out of it , but since the decision has to be made at some point , a referendum would probably be the best way to decide . 
  yep , that 's his personal goal and opinion . 
  he is n't speaking for his party there . 
  `` be a reporter : write and send your article '' , it says under the article . 
  that pretty much explains the whole thing . 
  literally anyone can write any bullshit they want for that `` publication '' . 
  stubb might himself think that it 'd be wise for finland to join nato , but whether he 's going to offically seek it , is an another thing completely , as most of the country , and many people in his party , do n't want to join . 
  and he certainly has n't made any official comments to that effect . 
  and then there 's the tendency to paint any criticism of western institutions as being the result of devious marxist tendencies , and not real issues people have noticed . 
   i think it often takes an anti-western stance for the sake of it looks like you 're under the mistaken impression that pointing out the apparent flaws in something is being anti-it . 
  that 's an unfortunate view , and detrimental to any kind of self improvement . 
  especially when the one doing the pointing is a part of `` it '' . 
  it 's a platitude used by some monarchists that the `` royals are the face of the common people '' , or `` the face of the < insert your country  '' . 
  which is funny and makes zero sense , since their way of life could n't be more different from the ones of their common subjects . 
  your slightly unclear phrasing just made me a perfect excuse to be a smartass about it . 
  sounds like you 're one of those royalists though , and i 'll leave you in peace so you can do your looking up to . 
   are a common face for the population whose face ? 
   '' [ the king ] has been for socialists , for populists , he has spoken to governors , presidents from all over the world no matter their ideology . 
  a president of a republic might have issues [ with that ] , '' alberto nunez , a supporter of the royal family , told al jazeera . 
  i. . . somehow do n't think this guy has spent too much time thinking about how democratic republics work . 
  which means that if any of us somehow ends up in germany with an armoured car , we can get it repaired without a hitch , but buying groceries might prove challenging . 
  the water-part in the finnish name being there to differentiate it from other beak-animals , as nokkael\u00e4in is a generic name for [ monotremes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monotreme ) . 
  which is kind of pointless in the end , as no other monotreme is named < something  nokkael\u00e4in . 
  so yeah ... 
  i for one learned english at the age of 10-13 by reading pen & paper rpg and computer manuals . 
  worked for 20 years in it , where everything important is in english , and follow english-language media more than the local one because of my current job . 
  so i should be reasonably fluent . 
  most people here from outside english-speaking countries probably are pretty fluent , since they would have ended up here through other english-language sites . 
  and platypus probably is n't that exotic of a word , to be honest . 
  they 're strange animals , so they probably end up often as a subject of reddit posts too . 
  well , the finnish air force still uses the swastika in certain contexts . 
  it was never used as a fascist symbol , as it just happened to be a part of the family heraldry of the person who donated the first airplanes to the air force in the 1910s . 
  which does n't mean it 's not widely seen as a fascist symbol outside that use . 
  right , so what do we learn from this article ? 
  1 ) the article is illustrated with a photo of a romanian or bulgarian beggar in bergen . 
  they can be found in most bigger european cities now . 
  2 ) a big business owner complains about how he ca n't treat his workers like they do in mexico and china . 
  3 ) according to the writer , norwegians only learned in 2012 that some percentage of people will misuse a welfare system .
