  and one that many other countries should adopt . 
  waving a german flag in an internal election like this can easily give the impression that you 're celebrating a victory against something that 's not german , even though the other parties are just as concerned about the future of the country . 
  they just have different opinions on how to run it . 
  flag waving in internal politics divides people , instead of uniting them . 
  which party was he in again ? 
  the fucking norsefire ? 
  harassing and assaulting immingrants or [ visitors who look like immigrants ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-20958353 ) and assaulting opposing party 's politicians [ on live tv ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_whk9epf1aq ) , to name a few . 
  excellent answer . 
  also , since i took the time to write this to answer the now-deleted parent comment : * national socialism has little to do with socialism . 
  in fact , socialists were [ one of the groups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_concentration_camp_badges ) that got the concentration & labor camp treatment . 
  * * national socialism was virtually purpose built as a right-wing alternative to socialism , and it tried to defeat class divisions by emphasizing nationalism . 
  the nazis themselves would n't publicly identify as either right - or left-wingers . 
  they 're however generally considered a rightist party , because of their emphasis on hierarchy , social conservatism and extreme anti-liberalism . 
  * * the nazis also had nothing against private ownership of property , and private enterprise . 
  as long as it did n't conflict with the interests of the state . 
   communists on the other hand are n't ashamed for the atrocities they committed . 
  except that this is complete bullshit . 
  there 's a large minority in russia that yearns for the `` greatness '' of ussr , but most people , especially in the former eastern bloc countries are aware , and regretful of the attrocities of the communist era . 
  you clearly have n't followed all the stories coming out of the former east germany after the unification etc. 
  now , i 'm not a communist myself , but i 've talked to a few , and they 've all agreed that the whole soviet union thing and eastern bloc in general was a complete clusterfuck during the cold war , and things went ** badly ** wrong . 
  it looks to me like you 've built up a boogeyman to rail against , for some reason . 
  you should sometimes actually read about wwii . 
  not about the battles , as i 'm sure you love those . 
  the other parts . 
  like who was killed in the concentration and labor camps . 
  [ socialists , social democrats , labor unionists and anarchists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_concentration_camp_badges ) were among the major groups targeted by the nazis for extermination . 
  and no , these were n't dangerous radicals . 
  just people who were active in the labor movement , or otherwise left leaning . 
  also , there were patriotic socialists and even communists fighting against the ussr in the winter - and continuation wars . 
  my grandfather was one of those socialists , and he died defending teikari against the russians . 
  you 're pissing on those people 's sacrifices . 
  so , how about you stop blaming the victims and go fuck yourself with a hedge trimmer . 
   with thatcher gone , i agree that the uk is starting to look more and more welcoming as a place for a potential secondary residence . 
  looks like you took my comment the complete opposite way from what i meant . 
  thatcher 's legacy is alive and well in the uk , and privatization , weakening of unions and the lessening of ordinary people 's rights is still progressing alarmingly . 
  mind you , the same thing is happening in finland . 
  our social democratic party has been moving slowly to the right since the nineties , and far-right jackholes are taking advantage of it , both politically and financially . 
  at least we do n't have widespread demonization of the most worse off folks yet , like uk has in the form of the chavs . 
   but it seems like rejecting those crazy conditions does n't require formal collectivization like unions , it might ( should ? ), 
  work if employees , individually but in significant enough numbers , tell their management that they are unsatisfied with the conditions . 
  employers do n't have to make an example of that many people to have a chilling effect on people 's willingness to protest their working conditions . 
  part of it is also , i think , psychology of reward and punishment . 
  according to studies , if people are offered the choice of a small reward now , or substantially larger reward later , most people will take the smaller reward , since the larger one seems so far away , and therefore uncertain . 
  this applies to collective bargaining without an organization to back you up : people will want to avoid getting fired * now * , even if they would have better pay and working conditions * later * , if they protested . 
  combine this with many people not having the luxury of not working , and this creates a chilling effect , that ca n't be fought without organized collective bargaining . 
   from my external perspective , it seems more likely that at-will employment is to blame , as it 's extremely easy for the employer to get rid of anyone they do n't like , and they can afford to do so as long as someone out there is willing to work in those worse conditions . 
  yes , and at-will employment ( an excellently orwellian name there ) is one of the , what i would consider , loopholes . 
  since firing people is so easy , nobody will fight for their rights . 
  what makes this so orwellian is that people are kept under the impression that they and the employer are on equal footing when making an employment contract , when in fact they typically have much more to lose than their employer . 
  i 'm fairly happy where i am , even though ultra-nationalists are gaining more and more political power here , so it 's getting slightly worrying . 
  if i * had * to move somewhere , i 've always found the uk interesting . 
  it 's been turning more and more into a post-thatcherian shithole though , with increased tuition and constantly worsening employment security and workers ' rights . 
  so i 'll say norway . 
  safe country with sane legal system and educated people . 
   serious question . 
  why do you americans seem to be so accepting of that ? 
  from spending a lot of time talking to americans , it 's because `` all unions are evil and communist '' . 
  so there can be no collective bargaining , which means there 's no way to change things for the better . 
  and if someone * does * decide to organize an union , there are enough legal loopholes for the employer to be able to get rid of them before that goes anywhere . 
  playing tag . 
  with knives !, 
  the national sport . 
  yeah . 
  if you were simple-minded , you could use this to argue for harsher penalties for all crimes . 
  but you are n't . 
  right ? 
   these families , like any rich person , will either move out of a country that has become hostile to them how are they going to take their land with them if it gets seized from them ? 
  besides , these people 's whole lives are defined by the fact that they have some supposed `` divine mandate '' to be the monarchy and nobility of a country . 
  are they going to leave the country that easily ? 
  and even if they would , would n't that just solve the problem in an another way ? 
   oh , so we 'll be forcibly stripping all noble families of their assets then . 
  yep . 
  let them keep a single residence and a one time stipend of , say , what they would 've made in their effective working life working for the national average salary . 
  in uk , the average yearly salary was # 26500 in 2012 , so for prince charles for example , that would amount to # 1272000 . 
  sounds rather fair to me . 
   face it there 's a phrase that , just like `` deal with it '' , is most often used to support morally untenable positions , in my experience . 
  yes , we should look back at plenty of things in that pile . 
  it 's done all the time . 
  all of the egyptian items in exhibits in museums around the world belong in egypt , for example , unless they 've been expressly donated there by the egyptian government of the time . 
  and , i would probably support a sami independence movement , should they show enough desire to have a state of their own . 
  yes , and we 're all ugly bags of mostly water . 
  you can go reductionist all you want , but you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  i personally draw it on proudly displaying your family 's bloody legacy , profiting from it , and claiming special status because of it . 
  most other people have bought/made what they own in good faith . 
  any royal family 's wealth has been mostly gained by violence , oppression and treachery . 
  there 's a vast pile of documentation on this , called `` the history books '' . 
  the fact that most people 's property has not been robbed from someone else , should be enough to stop it from being taken away from them . 
  yes , i know there are royalists like you in sweden , uk , etc. 
  this is unfortunate , as you 're supporting a morally bancrupt and bloody legacy , mostly because `` royals are so refined , and offer the common people someone to look up to '' , and similar kind of shite . 
  his explanation leaves out the fact that there 's no need for the royals in that scheme . 
  why not nationalize their land and major assets ? 
  they will keep generating profit for the benefit of the public , and there 'll be no need to support the royal family . 
  religion is fundamentally incompatible with modern democracy . 
  and this is just an another facet of that . 
  if you have people who supposedly receive their orders from vague , invisible creatures with no oversight , and others who follow them because of their supposed holiness , trying to affect the workings of a democracy , there will always be conflict . 
  there 's the slight problem that she 's a minister , so she gets to [ appoint her supporters ] ( http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1288497566413.html ) ( link in finnish ) into positions in her ministry . 
  which she has done , over much more qualified applicants . 
  and these people will continue to affect policy long after she 's gone . 
  a fellow pertti jarla fan i see . 
  related to that , there 's also `` pulunnussija '' = pidgeon-fucker .
