  personally , i do n't think so . 
  the ussr gave socialism a bad name . 
   `` united we stand '' ? 
  what the serious ... 
  please , do n't place mottos of the united states of america um , that is n't the motto of the us . 
  the official motto of the us is `` in god we trust '' and the unofficial ( though much better , imo ) motto is `` e pluribus unum '' - out of many , one . 
  since never , unless you are counting revolutionary-era political cartoons . 
  seriously , / u/qph does n't know what he is talking about . 
  i do find it funny when people claim that the macedonians are n't `` real '' macedonians . 
  i do n't know too much about italian politics , but i do know that northern italy is more traditionally more wealthy and therefore conservative . 
  when we are talking about military matters , london and paris are far more important than brussels . 
  and , anyways , washington dc has permanent connections with london and paris - and every other european capital . 
  gone are the days when you have to physically send someone over to actually negotiate things . 
  we have permanent embassies for that sort of stuff . 
  a government needs money to spend money . 
  their are three main ways a government acquires money - printing , taxation , and borrowing ( on no particular order ) . 
  nations such as greece can not print more money to fund their programs because they are members of the euro , so that is out of the question . 
  this is why some advocate for the return to the drachma . 
  greece could inflate their own currency , which could fund spending as well as help the greek export industry . 
  taxation is the main way governments acquire money , but once you reach a certain point , it is hard to raise more money via taxation . 
  greece , italy , spain , etc could raise taxes massively on the wealthy and middle class , and do nothing but harm their economies as people move their money overseas and stop spending as much . 
  so , governments borrow to make up the shortfall . 
  if you are seen as creditworthy , this is fine . 
  this is what allows the us and japan to borrow heavily . 
  however , if you are seen as non-creditworthy , you are hosed . 
  so , you have to cut back so that eventually you are seen as creditworthy . 
  this is austerity . 
  thanks !, 
  over 50 % italians voted for a comedian , as well as beppe grillo . 
  that is a massive historical oversimplification . 
  what is the answer ? 
  american here , i think romania is a fascinating place and i would love to go there !, 
  i suppose i am a bit removed from the whole situation , but still . 
  oh yay , i was wondering how long it would take for the sweat-shop-jerk would kick in . 
  to be fair , estonia has done pretty damn well for a post-soviet economy . 
  it is n't without problems , but its leaders should be commended . 
  is grillo that bad ? 
  i mean , i am not a fan of him - i think he is a populist and populists often do n't make good leaders - but his party 's policies seem fairly sensible - the usual centre-left stuff with anti-corruption and green measures thrown in . 
  i am woefully ignorant of italian politics , though , so feel free to correct me . 
  to be fair , you do n't vote for candidates in italy , you vote for parties - and most of these parties are a part of large coalitions ( except for grillo 's ) . 
  so , a voter in lombardy may lean towards the northern league party because they genuinely believe that the northern league is their best option . 
  the northern league forms a part of berlusconi 's coalition , so berlusconi gets their vote vis-a-vis . 
  now , said voter surely knows this , but they would still vote for the northern league because they may think that by being in a coalition , the party will be able to look out for their interests . 
  i think italy is a bit like my own nation , america . 
  the people are n't stupid , and have good intentions , but the sheer levels of corrupt just muck the whole process up . 
  i mean , berlusconi may be a synonym for corruption , but all the parties in italy are corrupt . 
  hell , was n't the socialist party in italy busted a few years back for basically pilfering money and using it to build resorts ? 
  if you see all government officials as corrupt crooks , why should n't you be a bit of a crook and not pay taxes ? 
  why not vote for lower taxes ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i do n't mean to sound antagonistic - i really do n't know much about italian politics other than that berlusconi is a turbo-crook and that the party/coalition system is bizarre and quixotic . 
  cow . 
  what else ? 
  gods , people are so cynical nowadays !, 
  well you basically had that under monti , who i have heard best described as the eu 's ( or merkel 's ) proconsul in rome . 
  still , i think monti is better than any of the other big italian pols . 
  took me a while to get that , but that is truly a top-notch joke . 
  i may use it . 
  monti actually did a lot of things to improve italy 's standing in europe and improve growth in italy . 
  as a reward , he got 10 % of the vote . 
   the big opportunity now should be for monti , bersani and grillo to club together to introduce serious plurality laws so that berlusconi 's media empire is broken up and sold off while i would love for that to happen , could n't berlusconi spin it as the big-win technocrats going after ( his ) legitimate news outfits - basically make himself into the victim ? 
  indeed . 
  you guys even beat iraq . 
  that takes some serious non-politicking politicking . 
  by those guys , are you referring to berlusconi or berlusconi and the centre-left leaders ? 
  i 've just starting to learn about italian politics , and while the excesses of berlusconi are quite well-known internationally , i do n't know much about how actual italians viewed the recent , non-berlusconi governments . 
  i agree with you . 
  i am not exactly libertarian , but more of classical liberal . 
  however , as you said , in corrupt nations more market freedom is often a sham . 
  look at post-soviet russia - the old state-owned industries were privatized and ended up in the hands of bigwigs and oligarchs . 
  now , in general i think more economic freedom is better , it just has do be done properly . 
  i mean , more economic freedom has led to huge growth in india - under the fabian socialism of the nehru-gandhi dynasty in the 50s-80s , india stagnated . 
  since the beginning of liberalization in the 90s , india has seen massive growth , and this is factoring in huge levels of corruption . 
  except it wo n't . 
  pretty much all data points to the `` eurafrica '' and `` eurabia '' myths to be just that - myths and pure bullshit . 
  what the hell ? 
   why does spain have so many immigrants if the economy is so bad ? 
  it is bad , but it is better than many of the nations said immigrants are coming from . 
  also , some people move to the nearest eu nation with the intent of then moving to another eu nation . 
  he has n't been elected to anything . 
  the party coalition he runs may get a slim plurality in the senate , but he was n't elected . 
  sorry about the whole berlusconi thing . 
  i mean , in america we are used to shitty politicians , but still . 
  damn . 
  i 'm an outsider , but i think a bersani-monti coalition would be pretty decent for italy and europe . 
  shame it does n't have that much of a chance , though . 
  it is pretty funny hearing europeans worry about american standards in the midst of a european scandal involving the fact that you literally do not know what you are eating . 
   we have the friggin vatican not to mention italy as a whole , aka the nation that keeps on voting for a playboy politician . 
  these were n't `` tamil terrorist groups separatist claims '' . 
  they actually were separatists , and they succeeded in creating their own state with an army and navy . 
  the type of welfare states we are talking about could not be funded even if you had 100 % income taxes on the wealthiest . 
  i 'm not saying that greece 's taxation system was solid - it was n't - but even if it was miraculously reformed , the government would still be in quite a mess . 
  there is nothing wrong with relying on borrowing to fund state programs . 
  america does it . 
  germany does it . 
  the scandinavian nations do it . 
  you just have to have an economy that gives investors confidence in your ability to pay them back . 
  yes , which is why i never levied the statement upon the entire eu , but rather , certain states . 
  greece , portugal , italy , and spain come to mind . 
  these are n't just small , random places - spain and italy are huge economies , and greece and portugal are n't exactly small .
