  jail time ? 
  what ??? 
  it is one thing for an institution to say , `` hey , please do not send us files in these formats or they might not be processed . '', 
  it is another thing to make it * against the fucking law * . 
  in 1968 , the leader of czechoslovakia , alexander dubcek ( a communist ) , began to initiate several reforms to open up politics , society , and whatnot ( kind of like what gorbachev would later try ) , in an event known as the `` prague spring '' . 
  as a response , the ussr , along with several warsaw pact nations , invaded czechoslovakia and installed a new leader . 
  bulgaria was one of those nations that assisted in the invasion . 
  the graffiti on the red army monument is to show forgiveness and whatnot for that action . 
  whilst france has shown a willingness to act alone on many occasions when it comes to foreign interventions , syria is n't mali or cote d'ivoire . 
  the conflict is bigger , messier , and involves many , many more foreign actors . 
  i do n't think france would intervene without the support of some foreign partners - britain , as usual , the us in some fashion , and the other nato nations . 
  they really consolidated a lot of good ideas when designing that thing . 
  ah , well then i apologize !, 
  you are basically correct , though i would n't classify makedon ( before phillip ii and alexander , at least ) , as a `` city-state '' . 
  pella existed , of course , but power in makedon rested in the hands of aristocrats in the country , mainly , as opposed to urban elites ( who ran the more typical greek city-states ) . 
  makedon was greek , but in terms of governance , it was clearly distinct from such places as athens , argos , corinth , thebes , sparta , etc. 
   europe ca n't afford the european social model more people need to realize this . 
  i love plenty of government-run social services . 
  but you ca n't fund government spending without economic growth , and * many * - not all , but many , european nations have economies that are not conductive to economic growth for a variety of factors , from excessively pointless regulations , to outdated labour laws , to issues with education and birth rates . 
  that last one - birth rates - is particularly ironic - europeans do n't have enough children to support their social model , and then complain about foreign immigrants coming to their nation . 
  unless europe wants to end up stagnant like japan , europeans need to figure out better ways of integrating , not demonizing , immigrants into european society . 
  governments in the eurozone ca n't print money to fund spending ( which is often a bad idea anyways ) because they do n't have their own currencies . 
  they have almost no monetary control over their eocnomies , so they must rely on fiscal tools . 
  with the economic slump , they ca n't raise more money via taxation . 
  and , due to a lack of faith in said governments , they often ca n't borrow money at good rates ( this does not apply to every european nation , but it does apply to many of them ) . 
  given that , what choice is there but austerity ? 
  forced collectivization ? 
  it stuns me how many people in / r/europe rail against austerity without having any viable alternative to it . 
  austerity * is n't good * . 
  the name austerity implies that . 
  besides on the far right , not many people think austerity is good . 
  but it is often necessary . 
  not always , and not always in the amounts it is doled out , but it is clear that doing nothing , as the european left would desire ( i 'm looking at you , hollande ) , is n't going to work . 
  and , as usual , i will get downvoted for saying this , because most people in / r/europe think in terms of black-and-white , and anyone who argues slightly in favour of austerity is obviously a tea party loon . 
  democratic fashion ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the elections they ran in eastern europe were more rigged than an 18th century sailing ship . 
  they saw the people of eastern europe as pawns . 
  one can argue that america saw the people of western europe as the same , but at least the americans decided to win the support of europe via aid and reconstruction , not via intimidation . 
  please , tell me how cutting off the city of berlin from outside supplies is `` democratic '' , or how invading czechoslovakia was `` democratic '' , or how crushing a popular uprising in hungary was `` democratic '' . 
  are you genuinely that stupid as to believe decades-old propaganda ? 
  crazy people want to kill ? 
  not exactly news . 
  to execute a bunch of royals and then bring in a new emperor ? 
  the french revolution reads like a comedy of errors . 
  france was moving in the right direction with a constitutional monarchy , and then things went all radical , and between the 1790s and 1870 ( formation of the third republic ) , france went through various stages of short-lived republics , reigns of terror , oligarchies , emperors , monarchy restorations , etc. 
  the french revolution is sometimes considered to be the event that separates the early modern period of history from our current era , and it was undoubtedly hugely important , politically and culturally , but for the people of france it was n't really a good decision at the time . 
  there are some people who compare the arab spring , particularly in egypt , to the french revolution . 
  hopefully , for the egyptians , their revolution turns out better . 
  i do n't think the eu has the resources or ability of post-wwii america . 
  more akin to `` good old erdogan reminds us how he is trying - and succeeding - to avoid the army coups that have overthrown past turkish islamist leaders '' . 
  what just happened in egypt is very similar to what has happened in turkey many times - an army coup replacing a religious government . 
  it is no surprise that erdogan paints it as a zionist conspiracy . 
  he has done many things over the years to weaken the influence of turkey 's general staff , including throwing many of them in jail preemptively . 
  he has manipulated his way into power and has neutered the once-powerful turkish army to stay in office . 
  he is no simpleton . 
  coups were common in 20th century turkey . 
  whenever a broadly islamist leader took power , the military stepped in and booted said leader out . 
  sound familiar ? 
  that is what just happened in egypt . 
  it is therefore in erdogan 's interest to pain the coup as some sort of zionist conspiracy . 
  well , it took europeans two world wars to `` grow up '' . 
  hopefully the us wo n't need to go through a similar experience . 
   the difference is that germany learns from their mistakes , usa does not . 
  the closest thing to wwii the us has ever experienced in their own territory , in terms of sheer destruction , would be the civil war , and even that does n't come close to wwii . 
  i mean , neither the union nor the confederacy were actively committing genocide ( slavery is awful , but it is not genocide ) , wiping out entire cities , etc. 
  the modern european mindset is essentially the result of the world wars . 
  before them , europeans were arguably the most nationalistic people in the world , more so than americans . 
  but the two great wars waged by europeans against europeans ( leaving out the chinese/pacific front ) got rid of the desire for warfare pretty quickly . 
  well , it could become relevant again if the snp has their way . 
  i want the new prince george to lead the campaign against the scots if that is to occur . 
  i 'm just saying that the idea that the germans are the only europeans who know how to run a good economy and how they are trying to save europe in spite of what the other europeans are doing is simplistic - though i know a lot of people think that it is true . 
  oh , for sure . 
  i 'm not saying that a bunch of germans got together and engineered this whole thing . 
  germany 's export economy is helped massively by the fact that the euro exists . 
  if it did n't , germany 's currency would be way more valuable than those of almost all other european nations and it would be much harder for germany to export to them . 
  germany is benefiting from the euro , whilst many other countries are suffering due to it , due to having no monetary control over their own economies . 
  of course , those other nations decided to join the euro on their own accord , but lets not pretend that germany is succeeding in spite of the rest of europe . 
   are they introducing wage limits for other high earners too ? 
  you realize that it is really easy to just move corporate jurisdictions and whatnot into another nation if that occurred , especially thanks to eu laws ? 
  heh here comes the king in the north, 
  it is especially funny since the summer and winter olympics have been held in such places as empires ( france and britain in the early 20th century ) , dictatorships ( third reich , famously ) , authoritarian regimes ( ussr , prc ) , and countries that actively meddle in the affairs of others ( us , uk , ussr , france , etc ) . 
  if france had the games , nobody would be giving them shit for the abysmal way immigrants are handled in that nation . 
  i 'm not trying to single out france , my point is that pretty much every large nation does something `` bad '' that can be called into question . 
  but the only nations that seemed to be questioned are those that are n't white and/or `` western '' . 
  the eu is not only not a state , but it is not some banana state wherein individuals can just be `` sent to jail '' . 
  you would have to come up with a legitimate case against all these `` corrupts and corrupters '' , prosecute them , * and then hope * that they are convicted - and considering that they likely covered their tracks , most of them would not be convicted . 
  hell , some , like the `` banksters '' reddit loves to talk about , may not have even broken any laws . 
  it is very easy for people on the internet to talk about just sending people to jail left and right , but it is n't so easy in practice . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
   but every country here seems too much of a pussy to stand up to the us it 's not like the us would say `` hey , sweden , if you grant him asylum we will invade you '' . 
  the us would n't even use economic pressure on any european nation that offered him asylum . 
  he is n't that important compared with the lucrative amounts of trade that occurs between the us and every major european nation . 
  rather , many of those major european nations have policies and programs that are similar to that of the united states . 
  perhaps not as expansive in some regards , since most european nations do n't have the sheer amount of resources that the us has , but nonetheless , similar . 
  snowden and other leaks have implicated many european nations ( most prominently the uk ) , so why would they offer him asylum ? 
  did you read the article ? 
   he said the move was largely symbolic since the agreement had not been invoked since the end of the cold war and would have no impact on current intelligence cooperation between germany and its nato allies . 
  yeah , that 's really sticking it to the us !, 
  a strong message from germany - spy on us and we will pretend to be offended !,
