  http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/awcgate/gao/nsiad-97-134.pdf  similarly , after a-10 attacks on the republican guard , during which two aircraft were hit while operating at lower altitudes , the a-10s were ordered to cease such attacks . 
  instead , much higher altitude attacks by f-16s and b-52s , with unguided bombs , were used . 
  - page 36  intense aaa and ir sam threats encountered near rg targets motivated the air force to largely assign the a-10s to lower threat areas . 
  - page 208 so yeah , if the iraqis managed to do enough damage to a-10s to cause the usaf to avoid using them against republican guard targets , that does n't exactly bode well for the a-10 against a more competent army . 
  f-16 and f-15 flew far more missions and strikes than the a-10 and sustained less damages and losses - this despite serving in similar roles ( particularly the f-16 ) to the a-10 . 
  for all the talk about a-10 's toughness , 6 of them were downed and 3 damaged by manpads , and 11 damaged by aaa . 
  the a-10 is more likely to survive hits than an f-16 or f-15 , and it is better at loitering near targets than f-16 or f-15 . 
  but that close-in loitering just is n't as necessary when we have far better guided munitions ( even better than what we had during gulf war , where f-16s were still quite frequently lobbing unguided bombs ) . 
  if an a-10 goes low and slow , it 's vulnerable to manpads . 
  if it flies a similar profile to f-16 and f-15s , then why keep it around ? 
  it 's cost-per-flight-hour is less than that of the f-16 by a bit , and it can carry more munitions , but cutting the a-10 would save the air force a lot of money . 
  the costs needed to maintain an entire separate platform - the a-10 - for a role that other planes can do almost if not just as well as the a-10 - are far more than the savings that result from the a-10 being a bit cheaper than the f-16 to actually fly . 
  the real expenses are in supplies , logistics , training , etc - and reducing platforms leads to savings in that regard . 
   all of these arm chair general circle jerks always seem to have people who forget we use combined arms , not one type of unit at a time . 
  did you read the post that i was responding to before the guy deleted it ? 
  he said `` fuck that '' to the f-15s , and that they should send a-10s * instead . 
  * my whole point was literally that you need a variety of aircraft . 
  modern sam systems and ~ ~ even manpads ~ ~ ( brain fart , most manpads are ir guided and obviously radar jamming does n't apply - they are designed to be resistant to other countermeasures ) are designed to be resistant to jamming . 
  having a `` jammer '' is not a magical shield from missiles . 
  and , as i 've said , missiles have downed a-10s , during the gulf war . 
  you can load up an a-10 with a jammer and harms but then you wo n't be doing much cas with it , you 'll be doing sead . 
  which we have plenty of other planes that can do as well . 
  f-35 is eventually slated to take on the cas role , unless the air force decides to procure something else as well . 
  if the a-10s are mothballed early , f-16s would fill in their role in the interim . 
  the iraqis shot four of them down during the gulf war , and lets be honest , the iraqi army was hardly a pinnacle of strength and resolve . 
  i know that people love to show pictures of a-10s blasted with shrapnel , but the best way to survive in an aircraft is to not get hit , and the a-10 is a * very * easy target unless other aircraft suppress air defenses for it . 
  it 's countermeasures are far less advanced than those of modern f-15s . 
  this is why it is silly to say `` fuck that shit '' to anything that is n't an a-10 . 
  a-10s on their own are easy prey . 
  even if it makes it back to base , that airframe wo n't be going back into action . 
  this should n't be too surprising . 
  for all the talk about how b-17s could take tons of shots from enemy planes and return home ( and they did that on many occasions ) , they still took huge losses from the luftwaffe before they started to get p-51 mustang fighter escorts . 
  you need fighters if you are facing a capable rival . 
  the a-10 is n't a fighter . 
  the f-15 is . 
  like the b-17 , the a-10 really needs other aircraft to support it . 
  it ca n't do everything on its own . 
   send some warthogs . 
  an a-10 would be shot out of the sky by modern aa systems with ease , unless that aa had already been suppressed by other , more advanced planes ( even then , manpads would be a threat ) . 
  the a-10 is really only good nowadays if no one is shooting at it . 
  a-10 was designed in an era wherein cas planes really did have to get in close and fly `` low and slow '' near their targets , because guided munitions just were n't very good . 
  that 's why it is built around a massive gun . 
  a-10 was also designed in an era wherein aa mainly took the form of anti-aircraft guns , rather than missiles , so it was built to take shots . 
  nowadays , guided munitions are much more capable , and anti-aircraft missiles are much more capable . 
  in iraq , we ended up using the a-10s a lot like f-15s / f-16s - to lob guided munitions at the enemy from up high , with the gun really only being a last resort weapon . 
  this is n't too surprising , since the iraqis managed to shoot four a-10s down in the gulf war . 
  the f-15 can do a much better job of suppressing air defenses than the a-10 , and it can do a much better job of defending itself against missiles than the a-10 . 
  different aircraft have different roles , and it 's silly to just want one specific aircraft above all else . 
  yes , but what made the split possible ? 
  the fact that germany was being occupied by four different armies . 
  and what made that possible ? 
  the fact that germany chose to start a second world war . 
  common government or not , germany 's future was not in the hands of germans , and wwii is what made that a reality . 
   did germany get any compensation from the 50 year long political split well , i mean , germany would n't have been split had it not started a second world war . 
  the nazis had some notable success for a few years and then got their asses kicked . 
  they 're not really comparable to the mongols , romans , or vikings . 
  even napoleon had a far greater period of success than the nazis . 
  that 's why i doubt that germans will ever celebrate the nazis - they failed , badly . 
  i think that if reddit were around in the cold war , there 'd be a lot more war and military-themed posts back then . 
   low powered pea shooter while i ca n't speak for flimsy , the g36 shoots 5.56 \u00d7 45mm nato . 
  it 's called nato because it is the nato standard . 
  it 's used in the american m16 & m4 , british sa80 , french famas , belgian fn f2000 , etc. 
  having every nato nation use the same round for their service rifles was seen as being something that would be useful in the case of some sort of large war , since it would make logistics a fair bit less difficult . 
  now , there are some people who consider the 5.56 \u00d7 45mm nato to be underpowered . 
  you 'll here many americans complain about it , for example , and i imagine that the same is true in other countries . 
  that being said , the german army is very unlikely to ever select a service rifle that is n't chambered in 5.56 \u00d7 45mm nato unless other nato nations also start moving away from the round . 
  yup . 
  i do n't think china wants to kill the dollar , [ since their foreign reverses are mainly in usd . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_exchange_reserves_of_china ), 
  yup , ukrainian forces had control over a large portion with the border of russia , which would have allowed them to cut off the rebels from russian support . 
  then the artillery started coming into play . 
  also , artillery has been targeting ukrainian forces from within russia , and ukraine ca n't do much about that . 
  how does china choosing to lead an infrastructure development bank have anything to do with the death of `` petrodollars ? '', 
  i laugh whenever people on reddit peddle conspiracies about the media `` burying '' a subject , because it 's almost always never true . 
  ah , i thought that they were owned by emirates . 
  i was wrong , both airlines are owned by the government of dubai but they are separate companies . 
  it is a pretty diverse company . 
  true , `` far '' is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  still , my point was that it is n't hard to find people who hate erdogan in istanbul - and a lot of people might be vocal about that hate when talking to foreigners . 
  they have plenty of middle eastern employees , i 'm not sure what that person meant . 
  it 's like trying to find a hardcore republican in brooklyn . 
  turkey , like the us , has a divide between the cities and the country in terms of voting and in terms of culture . 
  istanbul is more secular and liberal ( i saw a gay rights parade of all things when i went there . ), 
  that being said , apparently the [ akp did well around that area in the general election , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:turkish_general_election,_november_2015_map.png ) with a few very urban districts going chp . 
  eh , i 'm american and i thought that `` eat with your mouth closed '' was common courtesy . 
  i 'm perfectly willing to accept that other cultures might not have that standard , of course , but it still is something that can put me off of a video . 
  hey , turkish pizza is pretty good . 
  thanks for providing the perspective of someone who is actually from denmark . 
  in america , the police usually have no problem releasing the name of a suspect , so i was wondering why this guy was being fined . 
  are you talking about the french one ( bottom left ) ? 
  i 'm assuming it 's just making fun of the tendency on the part of the french to mix more with the natives . 
  i do n't mean to say that i completely agree with assad 's stance . 
  i was just saying what i think assad 's meaning was . 
  apart from bible belt-ers who want christianity to be the official religion , americans generally like freedom of religion as a concept . 
  the american defense and intelligence apparatus can and does cooperate with european governments in going after terrorists . 
  it 's obviously not 100 % effective - or what happened yesterday would n't have happened - but it 's not america does n't work with europe to stop terrorist attacks . 
  apart from working to foil terrorist attacks , what do you expect ? 
  america is not going to foist some sort of anti-islamic , `` expel them all '' attitude on europe , because most americans do n't agree with that . 
  if europe wants to do that , they can do it themselves . 
  america does n't control european domestic policy , and i do n't think that you would want us to control it anyways .
