  compare massachusetts to hawaii to texas . 
  if the eu federalizes , it would be more like america than germany . 
  belgium is much more different from spain than bavaria is from mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  if you lack strong centralized institutions , the states of a federal eu would n't act as one , much like the eu today . 
  you need stronger institutions . 
  however , i personally believe that the differences between eu nations means that a us-style federal system is quite impossible in the near future . 
  all slavery is bad , but european slavery was the worst . 
  the slavery of the middle ages as practiced by africans and arabs was vastly different than the new world slavery of the european colonies . 
  slaves had basic legal protection , were not born slaves , and race was n't a factor . 
  in the new world , slaves had no legal protection and were born slaves based on race . 
  they were worked far harder than any slaves in the old world , with the exception of galley rowers . 
  of course , these slaves were sold to the europeans mainly by africans , a fact that is overlooked . 
  you clearly do n't know much about america . 
  america is a union of 50 states . 
  each state effectively runs its own educational system , just as each eu member nation does . 
  of course , the us is far more unified than the eu , but education is one of the aspects where states reign supreme . 
  education is also one of the aspects where broad generalizations fail . 
  if you take the us as a whole , then yes , it falls behind the bulk of europe . 
  but if you analysis it state-by-state , you will find that there is a great spread . 
  on the one hand , you have states such as alabama that are broadly equivalent to russia . 
  on the other hand , you have states such as massachusetts whose students are ranked far higher than the bulk of europe , only falling behind a few nations . 
  there are idiots in every country . 
  america 's idiots get more attention because they are simply more of them - partially due to the fact that america has a vastly larger population than any european nation , and partially due to the fact that traveling to a foreign nation for a european is easy , whilst traveling to a foreign nation for an american ( unless you live next to mexico or canada ) is very expensive , meaning that americans have little exposure to foreign cultures besides what we see on tv or the very little that is taught to us in school . 
  agreed . 
  however , the framework of the eu and the nature of economics means that finding a solution has been near impossible . 
  sometimes there really just is n't a quick fix . 
  the current crop of leaders have been left this pot of shit by their predecessors . 
  voters are just as complicit . 
  europe 's ills - mounting debt , stagnant labor force , decreasing competitiveness - were evident long before the 2008 recession . 
  some nations got around these issues through prudent governance - thing of germany , poland , and the scandinavian nations , and have thus avoided the true bite of recession . 
  however , all of those nations were forced to reevaluate themselves by circumstances in the 90s . 
  scandinavia had a banking crisis , germany had unification , poland had to chart a new path after communism , etc. 
  the nations that did n't have to face similar issues - spain , france , italy , portugal - kept on going with their failed systems , and the voters had no desire to change . 
  now , it is too late . 
  there simply is no quick solution to a financial mess that has been brewing since the 80s . 
  there is definitely no solution that can save europe in a mere 4 years . 
  if europeans wanted strong economic growth , they should have seriously looked at their economic situation before the recession . 
  they did n't , and they are paying the price . 
  i 'd argue that it was the ottoman 's right . 
  greece was their land . 
  now was it morally right ? 
  but it was legally right . 
  and lets remember , if they remained in greece they would have been at risk of damage or destruction during the greek war for independence . 
  you ca n't just say that the us was responsible . 
  the us played a role . 
  the russians played a role . 
  the people in the region itself - the germans , czechs , etc , played a role . 
  it was no single groups fault . 
  they reveal historical attitudes about various nations . 
  scots may make up a small part of the uk , but they are highly integral to uk history . 
  remember , the uk for quite a while had scottish monarchs . 
  and by the twentieth century , a large portion of the british army was scottish . 
  portraying the british as scottish can make them seem more unruly , different , and brutish , a common perception held by many europeans at the time . 
  british diplomats were considered to be boorish by their mainland counterparts . 
  certainly many of those counterparts would view the british as a bunch of clansmen . 
  to be somewhat fair to the europeans in this thread , blacks in america were sort of brought here against their will , what with slavery and all that . 
  i reckon that many europeans see the roma as people who come to their countries on their own free will . 
  i 'm not justifying blatant racism , just trying to show that the two circumstances are a bit different . 
  it is also worth remembering that while english speakers like to talk about how hard of a language it is , it is actually quite simple to learn how to speak english relatively decently . 
  the vocabulary is familiar to people who speak germanic languages , and english was also influenced greatly by the romance languages thanks to the normans . 
  english also does n't give objects genders , which simplifies it greatly . 
  good . 
  the amount of rich french people is probably going to be minimal , and the extent to which rich individuals influence british politics is vastly overstated . 
  british politics is influenced by corporations , and corporations hardly care where a few of their employees live . 
  it will be good due to the fact that more rich people = more big spenders . 
  the whole entire crux of keynesianism is that more spending is good for the economy , and that has generally proven to be true ,, 
  the fact that your nation is keeping your royal family . 
  i 'm going to wager a guess that the majority of spaniards are thinking about bigger issues than whether it is good to have a monarch or not . 
  if the majority of spain really wanted the royals out , they would probably abide by that . 
  ministry of love , ministry of peace , ministry of truth, 
  america 's marshall plan and debt forgiveness was all done so that the parts of europe liberated by the western allies would n't turn communist . 
  the threat of communism does n't exist today . 
  america has no will to ride to the rescue , and at this point in time , america is the only nation with the capability to rescue greece . 
  greece will default , and their lenders will face the consequences . 
  so when you are condescending it is alright ? 
  you have n't defended your comment . 
  quote from that article : `` but just because greece , italy , spain , portugal and others have to rein in their budgets does n't mean everyone in the euro zone necessarily has to follow suit '' this does not contradict my post . 
  i said `` countries like greece , spain , italy , and france ... '' . 
  i recognize that not all nations need to follow austerity . 
  but many do . 
  as for the other points , they could be helpful , but the eu bureaucracy is not exactly speedy . 
  austerity is definitely needed in the short run before structural adjustments take place . 
  eurobonds and fiscal union is all well , but those are long term policies , and the long term can not always fix the short term . 
  i recommend that you actually read posts before down voting . 
  my post addressed european nations , not europe or the eu as a whole . 
  how would you really do it with the 50 states ? 
  the 50 states have been so economically intertwined since the late 1700s that it would be hard to get good measures for them . 
  you could analysis their current economic situations , but those situations evolved with the us . 
  you ca n't really look at them like you can the latin american nations , or the former ottoman territories , etc. 
  too fucking bad . 
  keynesianism only works if you save in good times in order to be able to spend in hard times . 
  john maynard keynes never imagined an economy that pumped up more and more debt in times of boom , like europe did . 
  the fact is that many european nations have no alternative to austerity . 
  take greece . 
  what alternative to they have ? 
  they ca n't keep up spending . 
  why ? 
  because throughout the boom greece relied on foreign investors , and those investors no longer what to loan them money . 
  they ca n't devalue their currency , cause they do n't have their own currency . 
  they ca n't have their central bank buy up debt , cause they are part of the eurozone .
