  france risks going down their route as well . 
  there are many perfectly creditworthy eu nations ( in fact , the majority are ) , but the problems in these select ones effect the eu as a whole . 
   when you say many , you actually mean a distinct minority . 
  yeah , which is why i did n't say majority . 
   have distinctly lower debt-gdp ratios than the us debt-gdp does n't always matter as much as how creditworthy people view nations . 
  nations like the us and japan can pull off high debt-gdp ratios because said nations are seen as quite creditworthy . 
  do n't get me wrong - i agree with you . 
  i was just saying how they could be called `` brutal '' . 
  they certainly were quite brutal in putting down the tamil separatists . 
  personally , i am fine with this . 
  war is bloody . 
  the tamil tigers , pioneers of modern-day terrorism , had been running their little rump state for years with the support of the international tamil community , and when the sri lankan government finally put an end to it , said community got all pissed off . 
  did innocents die in the crossfire ? 
  certainly . 
  however , this is inevitable in a war such as the sri lankan civil war , a war of the type which we have n't seen in the west since 1945 . 
  quite frankly , there are many worse places where the west sells arms to than sri lanka . 
  to be fair , many eu welfare states ( i 'm looking at you , greece ) have basically relied on investor money to even operate . 
  this is why they are in such a pile of shit right now - nobody wants to buy their debt anymore . 
  ottoman architecture was very sophisticated , and built upon eastern roam architecture quite nicely . 
  it is true that in the balkans this is less evident than in asia minor . 
  this is because the ottoman empire was in many was an old-fashioned empire . 
  they basically let most subjects in the balkans do their own thing , providing that they pay taxes , as you mentioned . 
  this was called the millet system . 
  i would rather my conquerers put me under a millet system than drive me from my land or stomp on my traditions , like other european kingdoms liked doing . 
  it is telling that the people of the balkans retained much of their old cultures even after centuries of turkish rule . 
  i do n't see this as a bad thing . 
  now we are getting into what-ifs , which are impossible to answer . 
  i still think the ottomans would have declined pretty quickly . 
  by the late 1600s , they had a bloated bureaucracy , unstable internal politics ( the janissaries were beginning to act like the praetorians of rome ) , and were reluctant to adopt new technology . 
  if they did n't see military defeat in the 1600s they would have in the 1700s . 
  of course , despite all of this the empire was still remarkably long-lived - it did n't formally kick the can until after wwi . 
  the ottoman empire was actually in many ways way more developed than many of the european kingdoms , particularly those in central and eastern europe . 
  admittedly this was not so much the case in 1648 as it was , in , say , 1548 , but the idea that the ottomans were a bunch of horde savages is laughably outdated . 
  yes , the ottomans ruled by force - as did every empire or kingdom of the day . 
  the ottoman empire relied on such things as slavery and conquest - but the same can be said for many of the european powers of the era . 
  in some ways , the ottomans were more backwards . 
  in some ways , they were more advanced - if i was a jew in 1648 i sure as hell would rather live in constantinople than almost anywhere in mainland europe . 
  and i resent the idea that i `` do n't know what kind of bullshit we 're talking about '' . 
  i may be a lowly american , but i have studied the bureaucracies of empires throughout history quite a bit . 
  admittedly i know less about the ottomans than , say , the chinese dynasties or the roman empire , but i have studied it . 
  listen , i never said that the battle was unimportant . 
  what i said was that cavalry charges do n't cause the decline of empires . 
  the ottoman empire could have recuperated from its losses if the battle occurred , say , 100 years earlier . 
  the ottomans recuperated from their naval losses at lepanto , and it is much more difficult to build a new fleet than it is to raise new cavalry . 
  the loss at vienna was hugely important , and definitely accelerated the loss of the balkans , but even the loss of the balkans would not necessarily mean the end of the empire . 
  empires have lost larger territory and survived for centuries afterwards on many occasions - just ask the eastern romans . 
  and , the ottomans still held a significant portion of the balkans until the 1800s . 
  to say that the battle `` did cause the decline '' ignores the several long-term trends that were causing the ottoman empire to decline well before the battle ever took place . 
  the austrian/polish army accelerated the decline of the ottoman empire , but they did not single-handedly cause the decline . 
  implying that the ottomans were somehow worse than the absolute monarchs and lords that ruled over the bulk of europe . 
   the turks got to vienna and the polish in the biggest cavalry charge ever destroyed them , started the decline in the ottoman empire . 
  uh , not really . 
  empires do n't decline because of cavalry charges , empires decline because of a variety of economic , social , and political factors . 
  the failure at the battle of vienna marked the limits of ottoman expansionism in europe and definitely was a sign of the decline of the ottomans , but it did not initiate said decline . 
  i 'm guessing they mean per capita . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  i agree . 
  people are acting as if france is intervening in an internal conflict . 
  the malian crisis was not an internal conflict . 
  it once was , when it was mainly between the government and the tuareg mnla . 
  however , the islamist takeover was only possible due to large amounts of foreign islamists coming into the country from elsewhere in africa . 
  mali has a vast muslim majority , but muslim malians have traditionally been quite moderate . 
  they did n't suddenly turn islamist overnight - they were invaded by islamists who used and then backstabbed the tuaregs . 
  the french intervention is clearly supported by the vast majority of malians . 
  does france have her own interests ? 
  for sure . 
  but the french interests align with the interests of the malians . 
  `` 3d printing '' would be very useful in the construction of lunar structures . 
  however , many of the obstacles remain for establishing a lunar colony - the main one being cost . 
  3d printing ca n't do everything , considering that the vast majority of objects have more qualities than size and shape . 
  i think the word `` drone '' is a lot like the word `` nuclear '' in western politics - a tainted word . 
  modern nuclear power plants are stupendously safe and very effective , and modern uavs are just a new type of weapon . 
  neither are inherently evil , yet whenever they get brought up you get a bunch of nutter protestors ( greenpeace types and whatnot ) shouting no nuclear no nuclear no nuclear . 
  i do n't get how drones are somehow `` unethical '' , unless one thinks killing is unethical in which case one should oppose all weapons systems . 
  ah , yes , well that would do it . 
   in libya , we were less efficient because we used nato command structures was n't the french air force running low on munitions in libya ? 
  i get that the french are taking the lead in mali , but the us , uk , italy , and various other nations did a ton of work in libya and i do n't think the french could have just gone it alone . 
  london is n't that much longer of a train ride away thanks to that tunnel thing . 
  never been to belgium , so i ca n't speak on the manner . 
  i 've been to britain and france and they are both lovely , for whatever that counts . 
  the trouble with europe atm is that many europeans ca n't land decent jobs . 
  could i ask what you are doing in grad school ? 
  i ask because i am an american and what i am studying as an undergrad ( international affairs ) seems similar , what with the state department/think tank talk . 
  i 'd put my money on washington . 
  naperville !, 
  though i 'm at school in dc . 
  i wish . 
  i travel back and forth from chicago to washington regularly , and it would be a lot more convenient if they were that close to each other . 
  can somebody explain to me why he would go to belgium and not the uk ? 
  it was my understanding that britain had very favourable tax laws for foreign individuals . 
  to be fair , as shitty as the british economy is at the moment , it is still way more stable than the economies of many euro nations . 
  i 'm not just talking about greece or portugal - i 'm talking about large euro nations like france , italy , and spain . 
   this is pretty rich . 
  it is also pretty rich coming from a nation that is trying to get help for their military intervention in mali . 
  anyways , britain and france have been allies for ages , and this is just a mostly harmless jape . 
   muslims enforcing their incorrect interpretation of sharia law on the streets of london, 
   this may or may not be news to you , but we 're a few trillion in debt . 
  we could easily afford another trillion , which intervention in mali would n't cost . 
  debt in the us is a political issue , not a financial one . 
  the us can easily spend because us debt is considered very safe .
