  as i said , the ottoman empire was n't kindly . 
  any grand vizier , turkish or non-turkish , could be killed . 
  ottoman court politics was particularly brutal . 
  members of the royal family would even kill their own brothers . 
  this is all about power , however . 
  the ottoman empire did allow for religious minorities , even if they were contained by the millet system . 
  once again , this is n't too different from european countries , in which being jewish or the wrong kind of christian was not ideal . 
  just ask [ thomas more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_more ) or the [ jews of castile and aragon . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alhambra_decree ) also , i never claimed that the late-period genocides had no historical roots , just that they occurred later on in ottoman history , and not `` at the time . '', 
  if the ottomans wanted to not just oppress but conduct a permanent genocide of armenians in the 1500-1600s , they would have . 
  that was the peak of ottoman power . 
  the ottoman empire was not `` nice '' but it was n't particularly more brutal than europe 's empires . 
  heck , this is even true when you compare the genocidal ottoman empire to some of its contemporaries . 
  the german empire [ practiced genocide in africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide ) , for example , and pogroms [ were commonplace in the russian empire . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-jewish_pogroms_in_the_russian_empire ) my own nation committed horrendous crimes against the natives . 
  it 's just that the turks unfortunately have n't got around to admitting their past sins . 
  he/she said `` at the time . '', 
  believe it or not , but the ottoman empire existed before wwi . 
  at it 's height , the ottoman empire was like most classical and medieval empires - if you were loyal , they did n't care who you were , but if you were disloyal , you would earn yourself rather brutal death . 
  this was n't much different from , say , the roman empire . 
  if you look at the list of [ grand viziers , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ottoman_grand_viziers ) you can find not just turks but greeks , albanians , bosnians , arabs , and even a few armenians . 
  the ottomans were n't kindly - they took slaves , committed things that would be considered war crimes today , et cetera , but none of the great powers of the day were . 
  in it 's decline , the empire embraced turkish nationalism and viewed all non-turks as potentially disloyal elements . 
  that 's when you get the genocides really going . 
  because there 's no actual evidence apart from whatever is coming from erdogan 's mouth ? 
  gulen is just the convenient enemy . 
  yeah , he was influential , but the idea that a third of turkish judges were gulenists is absurd . 
  our governments have done smart interventions and dumb interventions . 
  the interventions in the balkans were n't perfect , but i 'd put them in the former category . 
  yeah , the us totally made balkans try to ethnically cleanse each other . 
  we 're so powerful that all we have to do is say some magic words and suddenly all the serbs , croats , and bosnians are at each other 's throats . 
  they 're caliphatists , and millenarianists ( they think that the end of days is coming and they desire it ) . 
  al qaeda was a more pragmatic group , with more immediate political goals and a lack of any serious desire to take and hold territory . 
  isis , on the other hand , is all about reestablishing the islamic caliphate - that 's what they call their unrecognized , shrinking state in iraq & syria - and preparing for a war against the christians and `` rome , '' a war that is supposed to help bring about the end of days . 
  they named their propaganda magazine `` dabiq , '' after the city in syria where the climactic battle between the caliphate and rome is supposed to take place . 
  i do n't doubt that many isis members just join it for the opportunity to kill , loot , and rape , but the core leadership is akin to a weird apocalyptic cult - like those various christian end-of-days cults , but way more violent . 
  this is why a lot of isis propaganda talks about `` rome '' and `` crusaders , '' rather than singling out single nations like al qaeda did . 
  this is also why losing their core territory is a big deal for isis . 
  they can and probably will try to go `` underground , '' but doing so after they 've already declared a caliphate does make their claims look a bit bunk - like those various cult leaders who predict that 20xx will be the end of the world only to be proven wrong when 20xx rolls along . 
  even comparing this to the situation that lead to the normandy landings is pretty silly . 
  wwii and present-day terrorism are not to a similar scale at all . 
  isis ca n't level entire european cities . 
  that title sounds like one of those weight loss clickbait links . 
  europe was playing politics in the middle east before america started doing the same . 
  we learnt from you guys . 
  pretty much every large country with a large middle class will end up sending a lot of tourists to other places , and those tourists are always seen as the `` worst behaved . '', 
  it 's kind of a universal thing , though the specific ways in which these tourists behave is different . 
  americans are loud and arrogant , brits are drunkards , chinese do n't follow social norms , et cetera . 
  someday it 'll be indians or someone who takes up the mantle of being the worst tourists and the pattern will go on . 
  i 'm glad i got to go to turkey last summer . 
  it 's sad knowing that a lot of the people i met there are probably going to be out of a job since they are involved with the tourism industry . 
   this seems to be the latest favourite phrase of the french and german governments , as they deny that they 've messed up it is funny coming from germans - they should know better based on their own history . 
  regular german soldiers - not just ss hardliners - committed vast war crimes against eastern europeans , things that make isis look small-time . 
  it 's not like germany went through a bout of mental illness in the 40s - ideology clearly can make `` normal '' people do extreme things , whether that ideology is racism or religion . 
  it 's amazing that you can get downvoted for saying a basic fact . 
  a lot of american muslims are indian and pakistani as well , who also are n't as prone to radicalism . 
  i do n't see how gaddafi was more benevolent to his own people compared to the dictators of egypt and tunisia , which are two of the countries that make up `` the region '' libya is located in . 
  a person is not the same as a state . 
  a person can call upon the police for protection . 
  a person is not to blame if they are the victim of a crime . 
  a state has to take the responsibility of protecting itself and its citizens . 
  whilst the perpetrator of an act of terrorism is the one who is guilty , the government also has to take the responsibility to try to do its best to reduce such instances . 
  letting in large amounts of migrants from the middle east and north africa does the opposite . 
  it does n't even help the muslims who are already in europe and who 've been there for generations , since they will be increasingly stigmatized as the amount of attacks increases . 
  yup , it is a difficult process indeed . 
  there are people alive today who were alive when germany and japan were committing war crimes that make isis look like a bunch of amateurs . 
  it took a clear and decisive defeat to change those cultures . 
  my point is n't to blame europe for everything . 
  i 'm just saying that the fact that there are so many terrorist attacks in europe is due to europe encouraging immigration whilst failing at assimilation . 
  well , if you bothered to read the next sentence , you 'd see that it literally begins with `` the west as a whole ... '', 
  here in america , it was revealed that the fbi was having difficulty when its agents tried to pretend to be radicals to infiltrate muslim americans communities , because the muslims kept on ratting them out to the police . 
  however , even if the majority are cooperative , it just takes a violent minority to cause a lot of damage . 
  america does n't really have that minority , but europe definitely does . 
   gadafi was a dictator , but a pretty benevolent one [ so benevolent . 
  that 's the most sensible solution . 
  well-funded , safe refugee camps , not permanent residency for everyone . 
  these are n't going to stop anytime soon , that 's for certain . 
  isis is being emasculated in the middle east , and that makes their supporters angry . 
  even if the vast majority of muslims in europe - either current citizens or refugees/migrants - are n't radicals , there 's clearly a not insignificant percentage that are , and that 's just going to lead to more and more terror attacks . 
  integration has clearly failed in most european countries ( apart from ones with very old muslim communities , like macedonia and bulgaria , but that 's a different situation ) and the divide between muslims and non-muslims is only going to grow , i suspect . 
  europe has made its bed , and now it has to deal with it . 
  the west as a whole has also helped to make this bed by propping up dictatorships , then bowling them over and creating power vacuums , and by supporting states like saudi arabia that fund radical mosques . 
  uh , i can think of at least a few dictators who 've tried doing that , as well as plenty of non-dictatorial governments . 
   if the person is from saudi arabia , there is a ~ 100 % that they are muslim what about people who claim to be atheists and then claim to want asylum ? 
  turning away from islam can earn someone death or severe punishment in many muslim countries . 
  no , but people like to have persecution complexes . 
  i think the point is that there are two main kinds of isis `` fighters . '', 
  a lot of them are n't mentally ill , they are just assholes . 
  i 've seen videos from the civil war in iraq in which isis fighters are captured by the iraqi army , which is a common occurrence since isis is losing in iraq . 
  many of them act like you 'd expect a normal person to act - denying any connections to isis , claiming they were forced by isis , etc. 
  in short , they do n't want to die . 
  we 're talking about the kind of assholes who just want to rape , loot , and burn , which describes how warfare generally was fought prior to the modern era of history . 
  if they are all mentally ill , then we also have to say that the majority of members of societies like ancient rome were mentally ill for perpetrating or supporting that sort of behavior , which i do n't buy . 
  i do n't buy that all the slave owners of the american south were mentally ill either . 
  or all the german regular soldiers who committed vast atrocities in eastern europe , things that make isis look small-time . 
  being an asshole is something that humans are easily capable of , europeans have just tried ( and mostly succeeded ) to condition that sort of behavior out of society since the 1950s . 
  the second group is the people who pull off suicide bombings , and not as a last resort . 
  for these people , i think a large amount of them would fit the category of having mental illness . 
  ancient roman men wore skirt-like tunics , and they created a rather impressive empire that you might have heard about . 
   you are asked to sing the star sprangled banner , right ?
