  they ca n't feasibly make that much more money through taxes . 
  austerity is the only option on the table . 
  countries like greece , spain , italy , and france fucked up big-time , and now they will have to make some sacrifices . 
  it is harsh , but true . 
  that is the price of government mismanagement . 
  i find it pretty funny . 
  when most americans use the `` you should thank us that you do n't speak german '' argument , it is more a jest than anything else . 
  a more accurate comment would be that you should thank america that you do n't speak russian !, 
  this . 
  the euro ca n't be blamed for all of europe 's faults . 
  and killing it would cause a lot of chaos . 
  how safe is merkel 's position ? 
  i thought she was pretty secure , but i could be wrong . 
  indirectapproach 2 is correct . 
  it is easy to look at the british empire as some sort of vile relic . 
  it is accurate to look at the british empire as an institution with multiple negatives and many positives . 
  my whole family , on both sides , comes from india . 
  yet many of them recognize the good parts of the british - the idea of a unified india did n't exist before them . 
  india would n't be a democracy , albeit a flawed one , without the british . 
  the british did many bad things . 
  that is not deniably . 
  massacres , famines , etc. 
  but the british empire also benefited the world in many ways . 
  indeed , the chaos that is so often blamed on the british , such as the constant violence between india and pakistan , is the result of decolonization being a rushed process . 
  english is so dominant because it has been the language of the two most recent world superpowers : first the british and now america . 
  the british laid the foundation for the spread of english , and american economic clout has reinforced it . 
  hopefully there will be less explosions than the last time a german leader arrived in poland . 
  and by that , i mean angela merkel 's bloody shooting spree in warsaw , which was covered up in the name of eu unity . 
  while the french are n't the biggest anglophiles around , france is definitely closer to britain diplomatically than germany is . 
  the fdp is many things , neo-feudalist is not one of them . 
  the fdp is suffering for the same reason the lib-dems are in the uk - being a junior coalition member is tough . 
  your base will think that you compromise too much , and your enemies will have more ammo to use against you . 
  they are still conservative , just in different ways . 
  unlike american conservatism , which is very much anti-government , european conservatism has its origin in aristocratic privilege , the idea that society would be a paternal system in which the few elite take care of the masses and act in their best long-term interest , as opposed with the populism that led to socialism , the ideological origin of the european left . 
  most modern european governments do follow this paternalism . 
  the idea that conservatism = free market capitalism did n't really occur until the second half of the twentieth century . 
  indeed , laissez faire was associated with liberalism at the beginning . 
  not all european conservatives are the same . 
  mario monti , for example , is very different than david cameron , who is different than angela merkel . 
  bankers can be very corrupt because banks basically run the international economic system . 
  power corrupts . 
  politicians can become corrupt for similar reasons ( replace economic with political system ) . 
  the problem is when people pretend like the solution to our problems is to put all power in the hand of the politicians or all power in the hand of the markets . 
  a balance is what 's needed . 
  ever heard of mikhail khodorkovsky ? 
  he was a mega-rich russian oligarch who has been jailed by putin , since putin saw him as a political rival . 
  putin does definitely have friends all over russia 's highest industries , but that does n't mean he likes everyone in them . 
  he sees them as tools , but is careful to make sure that they remain in their place . 
  putin basically made a deal with the oligarchs in which he would help them keep their wealth whilst they stayed out of politics . 
  i 'm a yank , from the midwest , but i have been to britain many times . 
  i 've heard far more british people talking trash about the french and their military history than i heard yanks do that . 
  honestly , the average american does n't give two fucks about what the french do . 
  the average american would probably have some difficulty locating france on a map . 
  more like cold war , that is why they were there in the first place . 
  and guess what , they ai n't going anywhere . 
  the numbers might reduce , but the us will always have a large military presence in europe . 
  why ? 
  many european nations do n't really like paying for their armies . 
  remember the stories of bomb shortages during the libyan intervention ? 
  and those were britain and france , which are the two most pro-military european nations . 
  they realize that having us troops in their borders is a guarantee of basic defense . 
  similarly , the us really does n't want european nations to bind together and form more powerful militaries . 
  such an entity would pose a rival to us interests . 
  americans might whine about europeans not paying for their armies , but in reality , it is in the us 's best interest to keep it that way . 
  flanders and wallonia . 
  honestly , though , i hope that flanders , wallonia , catalonia , scotland , etc do n't get independence . 
  the balkanization of europe , even if it is peaceful , is not really that helpful in the long run . 
  then again , i do n't live in those places , so my opinion is that of an outsider . 
  also , one can imagine that in the far future the eu will act as a more integrated government , making national governments less important , and thus reducing the impact of successful secessionists - it wo n't matter that flanders and wallonia are separate if they both play by the same eu rules . 
  europe can definitely be an economic superpower . 
  political , not so much - europeans nations disagree with each other far more than us states , which is why i doubt you will be seeing a single eu army , navy , etc ( at least not for a long time ) . 
  he was probably involved in the russian mafia . 
  what a well-reasoned response . 
  not really . 
  the us states have a pretty common culture . 
  people in the us consider themselves americans first and ohioans , coloradans , etc second ( with perhaps the exception of texas ) . 
  europeans do n't work that way . 
  people are british , french , german , etc first and european second . 
  when did i say that he was a complete right-winger ? 
  never , that 's when . 
  left-wing politicians are just as capable of hate and intolerance , though it is more rare . 
  europe 's two leading racists , wilders and le pen , are both fairly leftwing on economic and political issues . 
  yeah , cause immigrants will destroy the identity of european nations . 
  that is popular thinking , but it is pretty incorrect . 
  why ? 
  well for a start , our culture - across the world - is becoming more global with or without immigration . 
  also , when people immigrate to nations , within a generation or two they generally adopt the customs of their new home . 
  back in the 1800s and early 1900s americans thought that the immigrants coming form places like italy and ireland would destroy the social fabric of america . 
  but guess what - they did n't . 
  if anything , they improved it . 
  people actually trust the dollar more , though . 
  when bad stuff happens to the global stock markets , people flock to the dollar , as well as some other currencies like the swiss frank , japanese yen , and the aussie dollar . 
  they used to also flock to the euro , but not really anymore . 
  `` does anyone seriously think the us does n't want to kill off the euro ? '', 
  anybody with a brain . 
  while american and european redditors might always find themselves arguing who is better , american and european leaders do n't want to do harm to each other 's economies . 
  remember , the us federal reserve has helped europe out . 
  why ? 
  because the us and the eu are huge trading partners . 
  if the euro dies , europe is economically fucked .
