   a banker over a politically experienced candidate ? 
  sure , why not ? 
  it 's not like le pen is accomplishing great things in the european parliament . 
   and hillary clinton was favored because she had more political experience . 
  why was that ? 
  i did n't vote for clinton , so what does she have to do with this ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure all the money le pen owes to russians has nothing to do with the fact that she loves to suck your country 's dick . 
  you 've lost this one , get over it . 
  pretending that you know more about french interests than the french electorate just makes you look silly . 
   you have to agree it 's funny how the media does n't talk about this . 
  lol what ? 
  it is one of the best known genocides in history . 
  it 's frequently a topic in the media . 
  obviously it is far behind the holocaust in terms of recognition , and probably behind recent rwanda as well ( which is far more recent ) , but people here are acting like it is some unheard of thing . 
  like yeah , i guess if you do n't know any world history you would n't have heard of it , but same goes for far less famous genocides , like the herero and nama genocide and various things we did to the natives . 
  as an outsider hamon was actually my favourite candidate . 
  shame that the socialist party did so poorly . 
  they probably forgot that macron and m\u00e9lenchon are two different people . 
  le pen 's father is the vichy apologist . 
  i dislike marine le pen but she is n't literally a nazi and a big reason why she got 20 % of the vote is precisely because she 's tried to be a more moderate version of her father . 
  some claimed that it was rigged , others that the vvd shifted far-right ( lol ) so it was a win anyways . 
  m5s does n't come off as that racist to me , though i could be wrong . 
  true . 
  do you think that many jlm voters will vote for le pen in may ? 
  `` everyone i dislike is a puppet of the establishment ! '', 
  you do n't get a prize for personal best though . 
  that 's what people told me in 2012 . 
  5 years of lacklustre governance leading to a terrible showing from the socialist party , a scandal-ridden republicans candidate , and the rise of isis and increase in terrorism in europe have only bumped le pen up from 17.9 % to like 22 % . 
  this was a near-perfect year for le pen . 
  maybe 5 years from now will be even better for her , but i doubt it . 
  because melenchon is a socialist in a country that has a long history of socialists ? 
  his views are n't that fringe in france . 
  le pen has a better shot against melenchon than against macron . 
  melenchon getting through to the second round is good for le pen supporters . 
  melenchon not endorsing macron if macron goes to the second round is also good for them because it means fewer votes for macron . 
  yeah because right-wing parties never just exploit uneducated voters , they always follow through on their promises . 
  if you are a traditional conservative and you are turned off by le pen , fillon is a logical choice . 
  it 's basically either him or macron . 
  probably britain because they 've yet to realize that theresa may is n't actually an anti-globalist alt-right crusader . 
  may 7, 
  it 's just funny how trump fanboys freak out and ban anyone who dares defile their safe-space with facts and reality . 
  funny how you do n't apply that standard to your own ~ ~ safe-space ~ ~ subreddit . 
  lol . 
  she 's level with a guy who literally just founded his own political party . 
  at least wait till may 7th before you start jerking off . 
  yet places exposed to third-world immigration tend to not be that right-wing . 
  london voted remain . 
  in the us , the big cities which attract the most immigrants pretty much always vote democrat nationally . 
  rural areas with little immigration vote republican . 
  5 years of a poorly lead government , the collapse of the socialist party , a scandal-ridden republicans candidate , and several terrorist attacks , and le pen only manages to go from 17.9 % to like 22 % ? 
  not that impressive . 
  he had to find someway to relate islam to the ideology that the far right already hated , i suppose . 
  clinton won more votes than sanders and there is no evidence that the dnc has some form of magical control over the media . 
  if the media was 100 % controlled by the dnc then i 'm pretty sure they would n't have kept on running stories about the email server scandal . 
  sorry , sanders lost to a loser . 
  mean emails is n't rigging . 
  sanders lost to the eventual loser . 
  he literally got fewer votes than one of the worst candidates since kerry . 
  democrats have to realize that both of their candidates were bad , or else they will continue to lose elections . 
   we will not accept hypocrites who torture all over the world and then point the fingers at others at every turn . 
  you do realize that i do n't work for the state department or the white house or something ? 
  i use an american flag flair because i live in america , not because i think america is 100 % correct . 
  i do n't expect the us to be able to boss around russia . 
  that does n't mean that i wo n't criticize russia , or the us , or any other government if i feel like it . 
  chechnya is a part of russia and it is ruled by a strongman put in place by russia . 
  russia could get rid of kadyrov if they wanted . 
  as long as putin remains friendly with kadyrov , chechnya 's abuses are russia 's abuses . 
  and yeah russia is better for gay people than , say , saudi arabia , but that is a pretty low bar . 
  so they voted for an evil moron who lies through his teeth pretty much every day . 
  what an improvement . 
  white women voted for trump because it 's a republican demographic . 
  trump received fewer votes from that demo than past republicans , so the whole `` women saw that clinton is evil '' narrative is pretty dumb , no offense . 
  they voted r because they are used to voting r . he just received enough of them to still win it . 
  just a prediction . 
  predictions are often close to reality , but not necessarily correct . 
  very crucial . 
  european countries often have very differing views on foreign policy . 
  take libya - for example . 
  britain and france were the main drivers behind the nato intervention - even the us was n't as enthusiastic as britain and france were . 
  germany , on the other hand , was largely opposed to military intervention . 
  right there you have a divide between the most important eu nations , and that is only one issue . 
  my guess is the cyprus issue , though people often forget that the greeks would have ethnically cleansed the island of turks if they had the chance . 
  the armenian genocide is a big issue as well . 
  well , having a leader for that long of a time is generally a sign of a poor democracy , because it either means that said leader is too much of a strongman , or that there is no viable opposition - neither of which is good . 
  france is a big geopolitical player ( especially in africa ) and an eu member as well . 
  same for the uk , though the uk mostly bandwagons with the us . 
  being an eu member does n't mean surrendering independent diplomacy and whatnot . 
  i hope he recovers and does n't attempt it again . 
  i do n't know much about romanian politics , but even if he is corrupt , i do n't wish death upon him . 
  read what people write before downvoting . 
  i clearly said `` the slavery of the ** middle ages ** as practiced by africans and arabs '' . 
  the more horrific parts of the arab trade developed at the end and after the middle ages . 
  the pilgrims and puritans had basically no influence by 1776 . 
  you can say what you want about america , but the simple fact is that it achieved religious freedom far before the bulk of europe . 
  heck , the sick man of europe - the ottoman empire - had religious freedom far before the rest of europe . 
  of course , today america has tons of religious zealots , but for the most part , the founding fathers were deists or moderate ( for the day ) christians . 
  i definitely agree with you . 
  of course , i am american , so i may be biased , but i do believe that a federalized eu would have to be closer to an american system than a german system . 
  the german system works because the german states share a largely similar culture . 
  american states , on the other hand , are vastly different .
