   us fascism and who better than a country with a deep traumatic past in regards to fascism ? 
  us = literally hitler . 
   i am not saying we purchase the crown lands ( and other related crown properties that rightfully belong to the people ) , i am saying that if we abolish the crown they 're already ours . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  despite your statement a few posts back , the crown is literally defined as a `` corporation sole '' . 
  it owns its estates , the government does not . 
  revenue from the estates goes to the crown . 
  the crown then * gives * the government that revenue . 
  crown lands are n't even restricted to the uk . 
  if you wanted crown lands to become government lands , the government would have to use compulsory purchase - or eminent domain , as it is called in the states . 
  any separation of crown and state would be a drawn out legal process , and the idea of the courts saying `` yeah , that land was always government land so it will be government land '' is laughably unrealistic . 
  what you personally want matters little . 
  the crown is not the govermnent , and crown property is not government property . 
  i never said the government * could n't * take it , my point is that there is no moral justification for such a vast compulsory purchase unless you truly believe that said property would be better off run by those seeking to make as much money as possible , jacking up rent and turning hampton court into disneyland . 
   its properties that can be rightfully considered the property of the british people may be seized by us during the process . 
  well , yes , using that logic parliament can seize anybody 's property . 
  in fact , they can - compulsory purchase . 
  however , there is no moral justification for it whatsoever , unless you enjoy seeing people have their property confiscated . 
  the crown is basically a corporate entity . 
  any sort of separation between the monarchy and state would likely result in the crown just reforming as a separate corporate entity . 
  unlikely . 
  the property is the possession of the crown . 
  that would be the largest compulsory purchase in uk history - and the crown 's lands are n't restricted to the uk - the government would need a better reason than `` yeah we want it '' . 
  and anyways , if they did do that , it would likely just be privatised - partitioned and sold off . 
  i do n't see how that would be better . 
   the most common argument for monarchy i see nowadays is that they bring tourism revenue that is the argument by people who do n't really know what they are talking about , especially when they are talking about the british monarchy . 
  the crown owns vast estates , and turns over all revenue to the government . 
  if the crown was separated from the state , it would get to keep all that revenue for itself . 
  the queen only vetoes if the pm strongly encourages her to do so . 
  many of the places people like to visit in london and britain in general are the property of the crown . 
  if you `` separated '' the crown and state , the crown would get to keep all that revenue , as well as the revenue from the rest of their vast estates , rather than turn it back to parliament , which is what they currently do . 
  haha , no reference . 
  well , the `` unicorn '' is a general mythological reference - unicorns do n't exist , and neither do danish euros . 
  nice article , but he just casually dismisses unemployment - which is much higher nowadays than it used to be - and does n't even really touch on immigration and racism . 
  the unicorn of euros , guarantees one free trip to copenhagen by sailboat . 
  except we are talking about isps blocking stuff , not porn police going and raiding households . 
  i think this is an immensely stupid idea , but it is clearly made to appease certain types of voters . 
  i do n't buy that it is meant to please the rich or businesses . 
  since they are one of the largest economies in europe , a member of the eu and the council of europe , and a key trading partner and hub for other european nations . 
   time to boot the uk out of europe . 
  if they want to become a dicatorship , let them do it alone . 
  i did n't know you could just force a country out of a continent . 
  someone should have told napoleon that , he could have rally got rid of those pesky brits . 
  more seriously , lets not pretend that the rest of europe is full of freedom-loving governments whilst the uk alone is run by evil authoritarian scum . 
  the truth is much less exaggerated , and much less clear . 
  agreed . 
  who gets rich off of porn being blocked ? 
   remember the 5th of november ? 
  time for catholic absolutism ? 
   germany pretty much dictates eu foreign and domestic policies . 
  definitely not foreign policy . 
  in fact , germany 's long unwillingness to get involved in foreign conflicts means that it has very little say in foreign , non-economic policy . 
  britain and france are the two big hitters in europe in those regards . 
  for example , take libya - germany opposed intervention , britain and france wanted to intervene , and britain and france got there way with several nato/eu nations joining them ( and america , of course ) . 
  bicycle racing . 
  as / u/akasa states , in europe itself , the british indian army played a large role in the italian campaign . 
  outside of europe , indian troops were a big part of british forces in north africa ( where my great-grandfather fought ) and in burma against the japanese . 
  not surprising . 
  the arabian peninsula was basically a bunch of desert with nomadic tribes and a few fishing and trading ports here and there before they found out that they had tons of oil . 
  a lot of people do n't realize that the arabian peninsula was actually not the main political or economic center of the arab world even at its height - just one of the great cities like damascus , baghdad , or alexandria alone were more important . 
  mecca is hugely important , of course , but outside of mecca , it was mostly just sand . 
  russia , france , and britain have all used nuclear devices . 
  anyways , this map is inaccurate because it assumes that all lunar exploration is manned . 
  the russians `` landed '' on the moon before america , unmanned . 
  that was fascinating to read . 
  my own great-grandfather fought in the british indian army ( our family is from northern india ) and was captured in the war . 
  at the camp he was at , he said that the guards were generally very understanding and lenient . 
  he , as well as his fellow prisoners were officers , tough , so that may have made a difference . 
  i think france is one of the better nations when it comes to energy , thanks to large amounts of nuclear power . 
  but you are definitely correct - political risk is a huge problem . 
  one government may reverse the decision of the last , and most european nations have n't had particularly stable governments since the recession hit . 
  oh , i agree . 
  i 'm just saying that there are some barriers to gas development in western & central europe . 
  besides politics , infrastructure is also a bit lacking , compared to the united states . 
  i do think many european nations will ( and should - if well regulated , all the `` horror stories '' about fracking can basically be prevented ) start developing their gas industries , but it wo n't happen as quickly as it has in the united states . 
  the problem is that many western europeans are opposed to extracting natural gas , particularly through fracking . 
  germany 's bizarre and idiotic turn against nuclear power also has helped russia . 
  yes , but it is a bit simplistic to say that those nations would have experienced the renaissance if they were n't under ottoman rule . 
  it is n't like the renaissance was just a light bulb turning on , it is a broad description applied to a series of developments that took place over a long amount of time . 
  as an `` old-fashioned '' multicultural empire , the ottomans did not quite have the right institutions and situations for the renaissance to quite take hold . 
  however , many independent european areas lagged behind as well . 
   for some reason the battle of hastings likely because it began a process wherein pretty much the entire native nobility was slowly replaced by the normans , which had large repercussions on english history . 
  the norman conquest was a pretty big deal . 
   emphasis on anne boleyn and the fact she was executed for having 6 fingers . 
  but that is n't why she was executed . 
  by medieval standards , ottoman rule was fairly peaceful and the empire quite multicultural . 
  tons of high-ranking ottoman officials , particularly the [ grand viziers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ottoman_grand_viziers ) , were non-turkish - greeks , albanians , bosnians , croatians , etc all held the job . 
  i 'm not saying that the ottomans were happy-go-lucky people . 
  i 'm just saying that people have some bizarre notion that they were basically turkish nazis . 
  i think the misconception comes from the fact that the empire in near its death - in the late 1800s and early 1900s - did actually commit horrific acts like what happened to the armenians . 
  but , from the 1400s through the 1700s , one really ca n't argue that the ottomans were any worse than any european or middle eastern empire or kingdom , and were probably better than most when it came to religious freedom . 
  it was american , and therefore bad . 
  perhaps because people , you know , * leave * for the uk to get an abortion . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think ireland 's abortion laws are pretty stupid , but politicians can talk tripe about how ireland has less abortions than other places of people are going to other places to have them . 
  um , no , one of the main reasons why the german solar industry is imploding is because they ca n't compete for the big bucks , particularly with chinese companies that produce panels of similar quality at a much higher rate . 
   i 'm almost looking forward to the chinese becoming the number 1 world power , they ca n't be any worse than the americans . 
  two things . 
  one , china is n't going to be replacing america anytime soon , if ever . 
  they lack the ability to project force , and , unlike america - which is surrounded by ocean to the east and west and compliant allies to the north and south - china is surrounded by a ring of nations - south korea , japan , taiwan , vietnam , the philippines , and india , to name a few - that are wary of its growing strength and are either close to or growing closer to america . 
  two , the fact that so many nations in china 's region are choosing to grow closer to america should tell you about what the prc is like .
