  even vietnam , which has historically had a shaky relation with the us , has grown quite close to america in the past decade . 
  genocide , good food , and whining about the ottomans . 
   most evil country in europe ? 
  i do n't think all serbian * people * are evil , but serbia did decide to cut a path of genocide through the balkans in the 90s , which , in the grand scheme of things , is pretty recent . 
  genocide is unquestionably evil . 
  you know that is like saying that germany removed matzo , is stronk ? 
  in the immediate period after wwii , american leaders definitely saw the british as allies against the soviets , but they still distrusted the empire . 
  they saw it as both a possible rival , even in its decay , and a possible source of conflict with the soviets . 
  the best example of this would be the suez crisis . 
  britain and france were quite successful at beating back egypt , and the ussr really had no means to do anything but talk . 
  nonetheless , russian threats were enough for the us to decide that the uk and france were trying to cling on to their glory days of empire and that by doing so , they were risking regional and global security . 
  the us also likely hoped to win some points from nasser , though nasser would spend his life playing the us and the ussr off of each other . 
  during the cold war , most western european nations were basically vassals . 
  well , perhaps not vassals , but protectorates . 
  the us stationed soldiers in their territory to protect their people , and , lets not forget - played a huge role in rebuilding europe 's economy after wwii . 
  france is an exception , in that france went their own way , with their own nukes and puppet governments . 
  but , for the most part , western europe got american protection , funded by american taxpayers , so you can understand why the american government wanted their european protectorates to be more orderly . 
  is this mindset outdated ? 
  of course . 
  the ussr is no more . 
  but old institutions and old habits die hard , on both sides of the atlantic . 
  western europe may no longer be under the threat of russian domination , but when france and britain wanted to intervene in libya , it was quite helpful that they could use the cold war nato framework to bring america into the conflict . 
  similarly , it is quite useful for america to maintain bases and whatnot in european nations . 
  israel has been caught many times , but in the us , a politician criticizing israel would be committing political suicide . 
  left or right , one must support israel in america . 
  outsourced to algeria . 
  in the us , people seem to care about being spied on by their own government . 
  they do n't particularly care about foreigners being spied on by the american government . 
  in europe , people do n't care as much about being spied upon by their own government . 
  europeans just have a slightly different belief system when it comes to that . 
  i know that is a huge generalization - not everywhere in europe is the same - but it is mostly correct . 
  but nobody wants to be spied on by a foreign government . 
  indeed . 
  the european politicians who are complaining about prism are really just trying for some nationalist support from the public . 
  i would be * very * surprised if europe 's top leaders did n't know anything about prism anyways . 
  the junta was a proper autocracy , a sort of government that most western europeans have n't experienced for quite some time ( spain with franco as an exception ) . 
  unemployment and crippling political ineffectiveness is bad , and street racism and whatnot is worse , but it is n't autocracy . 
  but his name is n't snowden and the americans are n't after him , so not many will care . 
   raging against surveillance people on the internet rage against surveillance and politicians make a few jabs at america to whip up some national support . 
  i severely doubt that europe 's leaders did n't know what was going on before the leaks , indeed , many european nations do the same thing . 
  um , what landowners did you think this was applying to ? 
  in 1870 , britain was getting more of their cotton from india and egypt than from the american south ( they began to transition for the purpose of not getting dragged into the war , though the war did have a big impact on british textiles for a few years ) . 
  not really . 
  most scandinavian nations were dirt poor in the 19th and early 20th centuries ( and then there was that whole `` wwii '' thing ) . 
  famine was a regular occurrence , and there was almost no economic opportunity . 
  there is a reason why there are so many people of scandinavian descent in america ( especially the midwest ) . 
  he 's one of those people who thinks that china will somehow start running the world despite its systemic economic and geopolitical obstacles . 
  point is , people like to bash america for regulations - and rightfully so - but it is n't like the eu is leagues better in many regards . 
  also , the trade deal would benefit many nations way more than 0.6 % gdp ( such as the uk in particular ) . 
  ultimately , i think it would be a good thing . 
  it is , however , nowhere near becoming a reality . 
  it is n't like a bunch of guys in suits are just gon na go to some hotel and make it happen magically - when it starts getting really serious , trust me , you will know . 
  there will be a huge political debate in europe over it . 
  then again , americans are n't the ones eating horse meat . 
  who would you argue to be another european dictator ? 
  i suppose putin can be see as close to that . 
  you ca n't really ban the `` revolving door '' . 
  germany was forced to pay huge reparations after wwi , which started the whole german debt game . 
  greece really is n't in that scenario . 
  how so ? 
  it 's easy to get guns from europe if you are a third world despot . 
  get the north africans from france . 
  the french are n't hiring them . 
  i 'm not saying that the average serb has an urge to start killing bosnians , croatians , slovenians , et cetera . 
  i just find it interesting that so many people in the balkans dislike turkey with such a passion for events that occurred well over a century ago when the most violent acts in recent history in the balkans have been committed by one group upon other groups not too long ago . 
  it 's just that i 've seen tons of serbs foam at the mouth at the mention of turkey , angry over injustices that occurred well over a century ago ( and which were n't * that * bad by the standards of the era ) , yet turn around and defend their actions in the yugoslav wars . 
  krugman is a smart dude but he often thinks way too highly of himself . 
  in many articles that he writes he flat-out says that he `` has n't been paying too much attention '' to a specific situation and then proceeds to present his cure for said situation . 
  a good example would be estonia , where he ended up being proven quite wrong . 
  i find it slightly ironic that serbs resent rulers who were prone to cruelty . 
  if a british firm invests in south africa , are they rebuilding the british empire ? 
  what the hell is up with your title ? 
  emoticons ? 
  yeah , she should n't be mad at the cypriots for basing a huge portion of their economy on russian money laundering . 
  he will appeal , and even if the appeal fails , he would n't actually have to go to jail . 
  yes , but i 'd wager that most mainland europeans know that the uk is a member of the eu . 
  i mean , you ca n't talk about leaving the eu if you are n't a member of the eu . 
  you did n't know the status of one of the largest economies of europe in relation to the eu and you decided to make an assumption on said economy ? 
  well done . 
  i see you have perfected the combination of arrogance and scientific ignorance . 
  good job . 
  eu leaders love to talk about open borders and freedom of movement and then love to backstab those ideologies based on the whims of their national voters . 
  i 'm surprised as well . 
  texans are one of those types of americans who will always tell you that they are from texas even if you are n't talking about where you are from . 
  new yorkers and californians are kinda the same . 
  grillo sort of reminds me of the libertarians here in the us ( think ron paul ) - he has a lot of good , legitimate criticisms but his proposed solutions are unrealistic , unworkable , and dogmatic . 
  he basically * wants * italy to both default and fuck over the rest of the eu . 
  if he had his way , italy would turn from a stagnant economy with certain issues but a good deal of potential into an economic pariah . 
  fighting words from a person who supports a party that calls for beating people up on the street . 
  hey , that is n't all they do !, 
  they are also reintroducing nazism to the 21st century !, 
  if you are planning on puling the whole greek-dynasty-ruling-persia thing , then the next logical choice is to invade israel . 
  that or india . 
  til beppe grillo has little understanding of modern economics . 
  the us is seen as a credit-worthy nation . 
  we can borrow quite easily . 
  yup . 
  every european country - and every first world nation in the world - is a mixed-market capitalist economy . 
  people like to call places like france and sweden `` socialist '' ( especially people in my home nation ) but that is bogus . 
   the fall of ussr was a big blow to the left .
