   because it 's pushing a narrative and you saying that a newspaper should n't publish such a photo is n't pushing a narrative ? 
  what ? 
  most americans are n't vehemently anti-islamic or anything . 
  anti-islamic sentiments are * far * more common in europe than america . 
  heck , [ america has intervened militarily in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_deliberate_force ) in order to stop muslims from being killed . 
  the vibe is more like `` these are the people we 're fighting , you support them , now you are seeing what they are like . '', 
  whilst assad 's regime is undoubtably terrible in many regards , plenty of even the non-is opposition are mostly pretty damn extremist . 
  i mean , one of the most effective opposition groups is al-nusra - which is literally a branch of al-qaeda . 
  assad is basically saying that the west is supporting these people by opposing him , and now the west is feeling what it is like to be attacked by them . 
  the us has had `` problems '' with just about every immigrant group , but we still seem to be far better at dealing with them than most european states . 
  the main exception would be african-americans , but they 're mostly descendants of people who were brought here against their will , after all . 
  and in some locations of the us , spanish is the predominant language . 
  ethnic enclaves are nothing new . 
  yup , it might be too early to tell , i guess . 
  i do n't see the trend stopping in the next few years , unless europe takes a harder stance towards immigration . 
  oh , no doubt that the amount of arabs will increase in proportion to the amount of ethnic germans , i 'm just wondering if they will ever have enough numbers to actually make the whole `` eurabia '' thing a reality . 
  there 's a difference between a significant minority and a majority . 
  most of the academic studies in the early-mid 2000s , back when the idea of eurabia first started making rounds , thoroughly debunked those notions . 
  that was before the recent crisis , of course , which is why i was wondering if there was any more recent study or article . 
  can i get some sort of study backing this notion ? 
  germany 's present population is around 80 million . 
  i know that they do n't like having many kids , but still , `` eurabia '' seems a bit far-fetched to me . 
  i 'm not a demographics expert , though . 
  seems to mainly be about the killing of greek civilians by german soldiers in greece . 
  it 's `` only '' 40 % muslim , but that 's still quite a lot of muslims . 
  i used bosnia for the joke because i 've actually seen serbian nationalists basically claim that bosnia is `` a lie . '', 
  i initially read that title as `` asterix to team up with assad-like character in new comic '' and i was * very * confused . 
  yup , i was being sarcastic , i know about the moorish rule in spain . 
  interesting era . 
  i think the idea that there is historically speaking some sort of singular european culture is a bit faulty . 
  there 's been conflict between europe and islamic powers , and there 's been conflict between europeans and other europeans . 
  i get the idea that europe wants muslim migrants to adapt to 21st century european values - free speech , gender equality , et cetera . 
  i just find the idea that islam was `` never part of europe '' to be pretty laughable . 
  i mean , it did n't originate in europe - but neither did christianity or judaism . 
  huh . 
  i guess all those islamic-style medieval buildings i saw when i was in spain were fakes too . 
  bosnia is a lie ? 
  winter still would put an extra strain on logistics and making fighting harder . 
  it ca n't win a war alone ( and did n't in wwii , contrary to what some people like to think ) but it definitely does help the defender , as you say . 
  you deserve it , it is a great post . 
  i kept it saved for future usage !, 
  heck , they even did it in ancient rome :  and in general cato esteemed the customs and manners of men at that time so corrupt , and a reformation in them so necessary , that he thought it requisite , in many things , to go contrary to the ordinary way of the world . 
  seeing the lightest and gayest purple was then most in fashion , he would always wear that which was the nearest black ; and he would often go out of doors , after his morning meal , without either shoes or tunic ; not that he sought vain-glory from such novelties , but he would accustom himself to be ashamed only of what deserves shame , and to despise all other sorts of disgrace . 
  i was in turkey last year . 
  nice place , though i do n't think i 'd go again because of erdogan . 
  anyways , the country actually reminds me of america in many ways . 
  both turks and americans * love * their flags . 
  we 're very nationalistic , and turkey seems to be the same way . 
  idk , if you ask americans about austria ( and they realize you are n't talking about australia ) they 'd probably just say `` oh , that 's where the sound of music took place . '', 
  so you can have that as well . 
  and the funny thing is that `` daesh '' is not used by isis to describe themselves . 
  daesh is the term used by their enemies . 
  the us government uses the term all the time . 
  obama and kerry have said it in speeches . 
  actually , so has francois hollande . 
  i know he 's unpopular , but i do n't think anybody would think that he is a terrorist . 
  1.3 % that 's less than 2 % , but the 2 % thing is actually not a requirement , contrary to popular belief . 
  [ here 's a good post relating to that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4z61to/biden_reassures_nato_allies_i_dont_think_trump/d6tbrd0/ ) by / u/save _ the_last_dance . 
  2 % is only a non-binding goal . 
  true , but it proves that americans on skiis can be quite good , as long as mountains are involved . 
  also , winter combat would be potentially very important in a new korean war . 
  korean winters are fierce . 
  i 'm not saying this is likely , but when you want to maintain a military that can fight anywhere in the world you have to make sure it can also fight in cold places . 
  well , it does actually snow in afghanistan . 
  the only two countries that have won more medals in olympic alpine skiing than the us are austria and switzerland . 
  guess that proves that i 'm not a french speaker !, 
  it 's to get attention . 
  that 's hebdo 's mo. 
  it 's not commentary about anything . 
  pasta does n't cause earthquakes . 
  think about this : what other french news magazine do people who are n't french or french-speakers actually know about ? 
  i ca n't think of any besides hebdo . 
   why quote the bloody obvious ? 
  some people act as if you are literally a commie censor agent if you dare criticize their jokes , so i guess that it is n't that obvious to everyone . 
  it 's the same reason why north korea calls itself the democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  they do n't care about the meaning of those words , the name is just for show . 
  what else do you propose , that first world countries instead just spend huge figures to rescue the third world ? 
  europeans do n't even want to deal with some refugees , let alone nation-building in the former colonies . 
  i 'm not gon na say that spending my childhood working in a factor is an appealing prospect , but what are the alternatives ? 
  just pretending that poverty does n't exist does n't solve it . 
  they 're just protecting secularism !, 
  yeah , i doubt that orban likes erdogan but i would n't be surprised if a part of him wishes that he could be hungary 's erdogan . 
  burkinis are n't that popular , which makes the whole burkini scare really funny to outside observers . 
  uh , i was n't trying to justify anything , just pointing out that the `` nazis were less bad because they killed less people '' argument is silly because the only reason they were n't able to kill more people is the fact that they lost and the soviets did n't . 
  nazism would have killed a hell of a lot more than 11 million if the war had ended with german troops in moscow instead of soviet troops in berlin . 
  hitler made it very clear in mein kampf what the fate of eastern europe was going to be . 
   without showing your password i know that you meant passport , but i kind of like the idea of there being some secret password you need to get into georgia unless you are turkish . 
  true , long-established eastern european & balkan muslims tend to be fairly relaxed . 
  bulgaria 's percent of muslim population is about the same as france , but they 're much lower in this survey . 
  you probably were downvoted because some people think that all kurdish factions are the same , but you are n't wrong . 
  [ iraqi kurdistan 's leadership is quite friendly with turkey . 
  ] ( http://www.voanews.com/a/prasctical-politics-upstages-ethnicity-as-kurdish-leader-backs-turkey-erdogan/3426594.html ), 
   people wearing burqas in munich are the wifes of rich sheiks . 
  i 'm gon na call bs on that , unless that public movement was confusing niqabs with burqas . 
  there are n't that many rich `` sheiks '' from afghanistan in europe . 
  yup , but that sort of goes along with the idea of loyalty  nationality . 
  devshirme was a particularly violent way of creating loyal servants of the ottoman state from its non-muslim populations . 
  i was n't the one who said that it was more tolerant , i 'm just saying that it is a bit silly to view the ottoman empire of the 1500s and 1600s as being any more brutal than it 's european counterparts . 
  just read up on what the spanish liked to do in the americas , for example - it 's not pretty stuff . 
  both the ottomans and various european powers engaged in widespread slave trade .
