  as sensationalist as reports are , we 're still talking about a drop in the bucket compared to the `` native '' european population . 
  well , the welfare states would go away anyways , because without immigration there would n't be enough of a workforce to pay for them . 
   kkk stood in the back of the local lutheran church and made sure the service was conducted in english . 
  cruel , but effective . 
  the german-speaking community in america was peaceful and productive . 
  i do n't think that the kkk was doing something good with these stunts . 
   us here , literally billions spent defending a continent that 's rich enough to defend itself . 
  the upside of this is that much of europe is firmly in the pro-america camp when it comes to international relations . 
  oh sure , they do n't always agree with the us , but from a purely realist perspective , it does make some sense to spend a few billion dollars in order to keep most of an entire wealthy , powerful continent as what can be seen as an american protectorate . 
   dum dum dum dum : america has the solution !, 
  well , it does n't seem like europe is capable of solving any of its problems relating to this issue . 
  that 's a recipe to have the saudi monarchy overthrown in an iranian-style revolution that would put an even more religious government in place . 
  unless you 're proposing to just occupy saudi arabia for the foreseeable future . 
  imperialism did n't work out in the end for you europeans the last time , though . 
   shows hollowness of sauds ( or i dare say islam ) . 
  what ? 
  turkey has over twice as many muslims as saudi arabia , and turkey 's been taking tons of refugees . 
  are you really that stupid to think that the saudi government is representative of an entire non-heirarchical religion ? 
  oh wow , i did n't know that there were people like that in europe too . 
  i thought it was only our far-right that emphasizes `` hussein '' whenever talking about barack obama . 
  pkk are n't the saints that some people make them out to be . 
  it reminds me of how serbia is popular amongst people on the internet who dislike muslims because serbia `` removed kebab '' ( aka committed acts of genocide against bosnians ) . 
  my point is that i find some sort of irony in the situation . 
  i sympathize for the smaller european countries , of course . 
  it 's not like latvia was setting up empires or whatnot . 
  you know , whilst i sympathize with europeans , there is some irony to be found in europeans complaining about foreigners coming to europe and taking over ... 
  turkey is n't going into a state of civil war . 
  the turkish army is strong and the generals are n't going to fight each other . 
  that 's easy to say when you 're safe behind a keyboard . 
  also , their `` home country '' is literally something just drawn up up outside powers . 
  i do n't get why so many people have trouble understanding why people who live in countries that basically only exist for the sake of convenience do n't have any sort of patriotism . 
  / u/kalleluuja never said that the us did everything , / u/kalleluuja just pointed out that it took american leadership to actually do something . 
  if you go and look at the lead-up to nato 's intervention , it was mostly the us doing things and europe going along with them . 
  to be fair , most people just say `` saudi arabia ( or turkey , qatar , uae , etc ) support isis '' without any citations . 
  that being said , even if the saudis do n't support isis , they certainly have played a big part in supporting the growth of ultra-conservative sunni islam throughout the region . 
   why does / r/europe [ 1 ] seem biased towards pro-migrant content ? 
  lol have you even spent more than 5 minutes on this sub ? 
  lots of people here would n't cry tears if every boat full of migrants sank . 
  the saudis and those other countries do tend not to care about human rights , so that does n't surprise me . 
  it 'd probably make more sense for western nations to put more money into supporting refugee camps in jordan and turkey , rather than establishing a safe zone in syria itself . 
  a safe zone ( which has been proposed at various times ) would require active military involvement to make sure that it stays , well , safe , and neither the us nor europe have been willing to take much military action in syria . 
   why they all come to some european countries and not to neighboring countries . 
  [ turkey has 1,587,374 refugees ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48e0fa7f.html ) residing in it . 
  [ lebanon ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e486676.html ) has 1,154,040 . 
  [ jordan ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e486566.html ) has 654,141 . 
  people on / r/europe seem to like repeating the idea that all refugees go to europe , probably because most people on / r/europe only started paying attention to this refugee crisis in the past few months . 
  in any case , if you are some syrian fleeing war , where are you going to want to go ? 
  jordan and lebanon are hardly wealthy ( or stable , in the latter case ) nations as is , let alone when they have to support hundreds of thousands of migrants ( and remember , jordan already had a large palestinian refugee population ) . 
  you have a better shot at peace , stability , and work in europe . 
  it should be included so that / r/europe can have a daily celebration of how brown people are evil . 
  you do realize that pakistan is n't in the middle east ? 
  yup , `` great power '' is generally the term used for nations like france and britain . 
  it 's not about short term gains . 
  most european countries have total fertility rates well below the replacement rate , and have been like that for quite some time now . 
  this is n't a short term economic threat , this is a long term disaster . 
  you do n't get to keep your welfare states without enough workers to support them . 
  robots do n't pay taxes . 
   japan is fucking japan . 
  and just about every economist knows that they 're going to suffer for their low tfr and lack of immigration . 
   so does usa . 
  usa has plenty of immigration . 
  it also has a culture that favours larger family than most european countries nowadays . 
   france manages to do it somehow . 
  france seems to have stabilized at a good tfr . 
  most of europe has n't . 
  short of actually forcing women to have two children , natalist policies will probably fall short . 
  whilst i 'm all in favour for things like easier access to childcare , paid maternity leaves , tax breaks for having kids , et cetera , these things have been tried before and they have n't had the impact necessary to bring fertility rates up to replacement level . 
  european countries could always just stick their heads under the sand and hope for the best , like what japan is doing , but that 's hardly sound economic policy . 
  but europe * does * need more immigrants , unless europeans plan on having more babies and working well past the normal retirement age . 
  you do n't get to keep your welfare programs with rapidly shrinking workforces . 
  eh , many protestants americans * really * disliked catholic immigrants . 
  samuel morse ( of morse code fame ) wrote this :  surely american protestants , freemen , have discernment enough to discover beneath them the cloven foot of this subtle foreign heresy . 
  they will see that popery is now , what it has ever been , a system of the darkest political intrigue and despotism , cloaking itself to avoid attack under the sacred name of religion . 
  and :  i exposed in my last chapter the remarkable coincidence of the tenets of popery with the principles of despotic government , in this respect so opposite to the tenets of protestantism ; popery , from its very nature , favoring despotism , and protestantism , from its very nature , favoring liberty . 
  is it not then perfectly natural that the austrian government should be active in supporting catholic missions in this country ? 
  is it not clear that the cause of popery is the cause of despotism ? 
  morse was far from alone in these sentiments , though thankfully they never turned into government policy . 
  still , there was * a lot * of race-based conflict - much of it violent - between immigrants and those who had been in america for a few generations , and even amongst different immigrant groups themselves . 
  and on the west coast , there was a lot of paranoia about chinese immigration , leading to the [ chinese exclusion act . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act ) it 's very simplistic to think that everyone just moved to america and got along swimmingly . 
  ah , i see what you 're saying . 
  and yeah , i agree . 
  the thing is , helping takes money and effort . 
  the west did n't want to intervene militarily in syria until it was too late . 
  this refugee crisis did n't come as a surprise - these sorts of conflicts always displace millions , and europe is n't that far away from the middle east - but despite that , europe - and america - did n't do much . 
  the governments of the middle east are even worse - they 've just used the conflict to try to achieve their own ends , whether it is iran supporting the regime or the gulf arabs supporting the opposition . 
  money and aide is important , and ideally , we 'd have better organized refugee camps ( in europe or elsewhere ) that were able to take the influx of refugees without violence . 
  the thing is , there just was n't enough funding to create a system capable of taking the sheer amount of refugees created by the war in syria ( and conflicts elsewhere ) . 
  i completely understand why many europeans , in the midst of a recession , would n't want to spend money on these matters . 
  and really , most people do n't spend their days thinking `` i wonder if this conflict brewing right now will cause a refugee crisis a few years down the line . '', 
  as a result , we end up with a sudden crisis that anyone could have really seen coming quite a while ago . 
  it 's pretty relevant when thinking about why refugees are ending up in europe . 
  eh , it 's not just about diapers . 
  it 's about having enough workers to support the financial needs of an aging population . 
  europe 's workforce will contract dramatically without immigration , and with it the economies of europe will suffer . 
  not really . 
  but i guess population demographics is less catchy than populism and racism . 
   the point is that they should take refuge in the first safe country they reach . 
  whilst europeans talk on and on about how their countries are `` full , '' places like lebanon and jordan really are full . 
  ah , well , then i apologize for misinterpreting you .
