  i 'm used to people who say `` the kurds are like us '' whilst excluding everyone else in the region . 
  you said :  they are the descendants of alexander the greats army implying that their origins lie with the men who served under alexander . 
  that 's bs . 
  if you want to say that the * macedonians * are descendants of the same sorts of peoples who the kurds come from , that 's fine . 
  however , the persians are from that same group . 
  do you also support iran as a result ? 
  it seems to be a case of `` we do n't love her , but there 's no one else who would be better . '', 
  i 'm sure that plenty of the people in / r/europe would n't do anything violent in real life , but they sure do like to whoop and cheer when refugees are beaten and teargassed . 
  jesus christ , you are a moron . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  of course europeans have genetic influence from asia . 
  what is absolutely moronic is your claim that they are * the descendants of alexander the great . 
  * show me one history book that says that . 
  show me * one * respected modern-day historian who thinks that the kurds are descended from macedonians . 
   many of them are christians and the majority of muslims . 
   they speak an ancient indo-european language , which means they are european are you really his stupid ? 
  did you forget * indo * part of * indo-european * ? 
  indo-european is a broad family of languages that spans throughout europe * and * asia . 
  english is indo-european . 
  so is hindi . 
  italian and bengali . 
  german and persian . 
  french and pashtun . 
  kurdish is an indo-iranian language - a branch of the indo-european family . 
  it is fairly close to persian . 
  this does n't make them `` european . '', 
  this just means that a * lot * of cultures in europe & asia share a common linguistic origin . 
  saying that a kurd is european because kurdish is an indo-european language is about as silly as saying that a frenchman is indian because they speak an indo-european language . 
   some say and many of them believe , they are the descendants of alexander the greats army literally no respected historian believes this . 
  kurdish nationalists have tried latching on to the idea that the kurds are descendants of the * parthians * , a completely different empire than that of alexander 's . 
  yup , my original comment before i edited it was an oversimplification . 
  ok , but a couple of kurds picking up zoroastrianism is n't about to change the overall demographics of the population . 
  there are christian kurds as well . 
  does n't change the fact that kurds are overwhelmingly muslim . 
  do n't you know - all brown people have the same culture ? 
   why do migrants not flee to the wealthiest countries in the world - saudi arabia , qatar , kuwait , the emirates ? 
  germany , france , the uk , italy , etc are all `` wealthier '' than those nations in terms of gdp . 
  according to the imf , saudi arabia is at 19th in terms of gdp , uae is at 30 , qatar is down at 49 , and kuwait at 57 . 
  kazakhistan is `` wealthier '' than qatar and kuwait . 
  saudi arabia , qatar , kuwait , and the uae have a lot of wealth concentrated amongst a fairly small part of the population . 
  there 's a difference between that and a genuinely large economy with a lot of wealth dispersed throughout its population . 
  the latter will have more opportunities for refugees . 
  additionally , kajin seems to be under the idea that no one criticizes those countries for being bad in terms of human rights . 
  where he got that idea , i have no idea . 
  turkey , jordan , and lebanon have accepted millions of refugees , which is especially straining on the latter two , as they are hardly wealthy nations . 
  the idea that refugees only end up in europe is quite eurocentric . 
  you do know that kurds are mostly muslims ? 
  believe it or not , though , the courts get to decide what they will and will not ignore . 
  not you . 
   you can ignore the truth you 're the one ignoring the existence of the 14th amendment , bro . 
   these central americans are invaders , no different than if they were carrying guns . 
  there 's a pretty big difference between someone coming here to work ( and pay taxes , despite not getting benefits back from the gov ` t ) and a violent invader . 
  this might be a bit difficult to comprehend for idiots like you , though . 
   these bastards they shit out are not citizens in any sense . 
  they 're citizens under the law , and that 's the only `` sense '' that matters when it comes to citizenship . 
  i 'm fine with you saying `` deport illegals . '', 
  illegal immigration is illegal . 
  the kids are citizens , though . 
  sorry if that makes you butthurt . 
   the 14th amendment existed to give slaves , citizenship but you seem to want to expand it to every brown criminal shitting a kid on our side of the border . 
  it 's not a question of expanding it . 
  it 's already been expanded . 
  it was made `` expanded . '', 
  whatever the reasoning behind it , the amendment is pretty clear . 
  babies born in the us are citizens , and it 's been this way since that amendment was made a part of the constitution . 
  you sure do n't know much about american law . 
  i 'm guessing that you are n't from america , despite having strong opinions about it ? 
  no , what puts you in the klan is that you 're a racist git who advocates whipping and beating people . 
  laws aside , that 's an affront to basic human decency , an idea that is probably pretty foreign to you . 
  also , seriously , `` citizen '' in quotation marks ? 
  a baby born in america is an american citizen . 
  that 's the law . 
  i know that this law makes people like you butthurt , but you ca n't retroactively make them not citizens . 
  they 're every bit as much of a citizen as you are . 
  some of those places are pretty small . 
  lots of them really do n't care about human rights anyways , no matter if the refugees are muslim or not . 
  can you buy kkk uniforms , or do you have to get them custom-made ? 
   or is it just not in the news ? 
  maybe you 're just badly informed . 
  [ turkey ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48e0fa7f.html ) , [ jordan ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e486566.html ) , and [ lebanon ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e486676.html ) have taken in tons of refugees . 
  no , he just really likes strawmanning . 
  hell , i suspect that most people do n't even know that cheddar is a village in england . 
  europeans need to calm down with their cheeses . 
  i 'm pretty sure european consumers are smart enough to see a `` imported from usa '' label and say `` hey , this cheese is n't from france . '', 
  they probably just think that this complaining will make for a good political soundbite . 
  start talking about immigration in / r/europe , and you 'll see tons of people who make trump look left-wing . 
  really , this era needs a politician who takes charge along with his cronies and starts chopping off the heads of anyone suspect of being an enemy of the government ? 
  like , of all the things that came from the french revolution that were good , robespierre was not one of them . 
  yup , i 'm aware , hence the joke !, 
  the `` byzantines '' did call themselves romans , despite not ruling the city for most of their history . 
  sensationalism . 
  next you 'll be talking about a roman empire that does n't include rome !, 
  fair enough , it 's more of a direct continuity than in the case of egypt . 
  that being said , it is patently absurd to imply that georgians would n't do bad things to ossetians simply because georgia has a long history . 
   the nation has existed since 1300 bc claiming that there is a direct continuity between colchis and modern georgia is a bit like claiming that there is one between egypt under ramses the great and egypt today . 
  yeah , the land stayed the same , but otherwise ... 
  well then there 's the issue . 
  also , i misread you as claiming that manpads * were n't * a threat to the a-10 . 
  that they are is more reason why the a-10 really is n't that survivable as people think it is . 
  anyways , the gulf war showed the limitations of the a-10 even when facing an enemy which was * far * less sophisticated and motivated than russia .
