i mean , by `` are often '' i do n't mean `` are always . '', 
  it 's definitely a minority . 
  i probably just encounter this minority a lot because i 'm into military history and many casual fans of military history - from any nation - are very nationalistic . 
  canadians are often quite obnoxious because they seem to have a massive fear of being forgotten or overlooked by non-canadians . 
  they 'll never shut up about their involvement in the world wars , for example . 
  you can be talking about the battle of kursk in wwii and some canadian will try to steer the conversation to vimy ridge in wwi and then talk about how everyone forgets the canada 's contribution to the war effort . 
  which is silly , because ( in my experience in both america and britain ) , canada 's importance is pretty well documented . 
  it is the soldiers from places like india and africa who fought in the world wars who are often overlooked . 
  there are n't any in the nordic nations . 
  the netherlands , belgium , germany , italy , and turkey are the nations that currently partake in the nato nuclear sharing program . 
  there are n't any nuclear `` stockpiles '' in the nordic countries . 
  i 'm assuming that / u/pladmir _ vutin is referring to the nato policy of nuclear sharing , wherein the us has and still does host nuclear weapons in non-nuclear countries , but no nordic nation partakes in that program . 
  the current nations hosting us nuclear weapons are belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands , and turkey . 
  [ do n't worry , britain will always protect portugal !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-portuguese_alliance ), 
  exactly . 
  an army conducting large scale ground operations without air superiority against rivals that have modern air forces risks ending up like saddam hussein 's army in the gulf wars . 
  agreed . 
  nato not doing anything would mean the end of nato . 
  the whole idea of nato is mutual protection , and a big part of that is the idea that the united states will protect the nations she has signed treaties with to protect . 
  nato is obviously not the us , but the us was the main force behind its establishment . 
  if the us and nato did nothing at russia invaded poland or other european nato member nations , that would tell every nation around the world that they can not trust guarantees of protection that the have from the us . 
  it would be a stupendous disaster for us foreign policy . 
  i generally find the `` dirty muslims '' attitude to be far more prevalent amongst europeans than americans . 
  i do n't think that at all . 
  i 'm glad that i can exercise my rights without having to fear for my safety . 
  my point is that it is a bit silly for people who have this privilege to turn to people who do n't and then complain about how they are n't doing enough to stop the people who are in charge of their government . 
  that being said , plenty of russians have protested against the russian government , especially back during the previous elections . 
  and plenty of russians support the putin so even if people started taking to the streets or whatnot it really is n't guaranteed that much would happen . 
  also known as people who are n't you . 
  it 's easy to talk tough when you are completely removed from the situation at hand . 
  the ussr was known for its agricultural mismanagement . 
  in canada you can speak out against the government with a reasonable guarantee of personal safety and liberty . 
  the same can not be said for russia . 
  yeah , the saudis have a history of supporting many , many militant groups , but it seems that isis ( presently ) is n't one of them . 
  i bet they are now secretly flocking to kiev to join ukraine in plotting the rise of a new aryan master race . 
  only putin can save us from that !, 
  those bosnian men , women , and children were secretly planning on bringing about the fourth reich , do n't you know ? 
  ah , okay , thanks for the clarification . 
  i agree with you on that , the church definitely had a role in the evolution of late-medieval and modern european governments . 
  i think you are putting far too much of an emphasis on scriptural beliefs . 
  christian europe was perfectly fine with committing massive crimes against humanity which they helped justify by using the name of christianity little over a century ago , just like muslim terrorists use islam as a justification for their attacks today . 
  the overall difference between europe and the middle east is that europe gradually underwent various processes starting in the beginning of the late middle ages , running till today , that have allowed for the formation of what we see as `` modern '' , tolerant , rule-of-law nation-states ( and even then , tolerance did n't extend to a lot of groups until 20th century ) . 
  the middle east did n't undergo a similar evolution , and whilst several middle eastern leaders did try to modernize their nations in the 20th century , those modernization attempts were often unpopular since the leaders carrying them out were autocratic dictators . 
  basically , middle eastern nations have trouble becoming modern , tolerant liberal democracies because the things that led to those governments forming in europe ( in a process that was very , very bloody in most instances ) are foreign to the middle east , not because of islam . 
  also , one of the big issues with islam vis-\u00e0-vis radicalism is that islam does not have any formal clergy , and is a religion that really is open to interpretation . 
  if you want to become an imam ( in sunni islam ) , all you need is some followers . 
  this is why every once an a while some news story comes about about some imam in europe preaching radicalism and whatnot . 
  also , civilization does not equal modern . 
  the ancient sumerian city-states were civilizations . 
  indeed , it is in the middle east where the first large civilizations emerged . 
  civilization is a very , very ancient thing . 
  isis and taliban also are n't very representative of the arab spring . 
  the taliban is n't even arab . 
  and i do n't even know why you lumped iraq and afghanistan in with arab spring countries , because the situations are completely different . 
  iraq and afghanistan never had anything equivalent to arab spring uprisings - they were instead autocratic nations turned into democracies by outside intervention . 
  bruh , / r/askhistorians is full of muslim-sympathizing liberal historians who go about changing history books . 
  do n't you know that ? 
  true . 
  however , there are some areas where muslims make up a very large part of the local population - dearborn , michigan being probably the prime example . 
  dearborn has had a very large arab population since the early 20th century . 
  most of those early immigrants were christian arabs , but now there are lots of muslims as well . 
  tension between muslims and non-muslims tend to be much higher in europe than in america , actually . 
   but `` because of race '' , no that 's just you seeing what you want to see . 
  the idea of the civilized man and savages has a deep link to western racist thought going back to the age of imperialism . 
  you ca n't really separate it out from that . 
  i ca n't tell if ~ ~ you ~ ~ the guy with the hitler video is serious or not . 
  it is pretty clear that russia is going to leave the separatists out to dry in the face of the ukrainian offensive . 
  russia really does n't benefit from them in any way . 
  russia already got what it wanted - the crimean peninsula . 
  they propped up the separatists to further pressure the ukrainian government , but that does n't mean that they would actually do anything to save them . 
  using non-national militias as sacrificial lambs to further one 's foreign policy goals is pretty typical . 
  declare war against poland ? 
  unlikely . 
  scooping up the crimea and fomenting a bit of unrest in ukraine is one thing , attacking a nato nation is another . 
  i think you can find many examples of war heroes , especially from the nations that germany made war upon . 
  people are entitled to opinions . 
  that does n't mean that those opinions are right . 
  i do n't know if i would say `` exactly '' . 
  the ottomans were certainly quite ticked off that the british failed to deliver the two battleships that they ordered due to the start of wwi , but the ottomans did n't actually enter the war on the side of the central powers until the [ goeben incident ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pursuit_of_goeben_and_breslau ) . 
  basically what happened is that the two german warships that were in the mediterranean at the outbreak of wwi , the battlecruiser * goeben * and the light cruiser * breslau * , escaped british pursuit by reaching constantinople in august 1914 , where they were `` gifted '' to the ottoman government and became a part of the ottoman navy , though they retained their german crews . 
  in october , pro-german elements of the navy used the german ships to raid russian ports like sevastopol and odessa , which firmly brought the ottomans into the war . 
   nobody ever said the russian government directly fired the missile . 
  indeed . 
  and if we start holding governments directly accountable for crimes committed with weapons that they provided to outside groups , one could bring a whole slew of allegations against the us and most big european nations . 
  i 'm surprised that france , with its very well-developed nuclear power network , is n't # 1 . 
  edit : i misread what this ranking was about . 
  but if they only wanted profit and did n't care about the influence of the government , they 'd sell to both . 
  or whoever had the most money , which is probably assad ( definitely assad during the beginning of the conflict ) . 
  the fact that they are only selling to the rebels is because that is in the interest of the us government . 
  lets not pretend that these poor governments ca n't restrict these corporations . 
  no , it is very much a mutual cooperation between governments and corporations - corporations help governments , and governments help corporations . 
   i 'm sure we can find some deal/agreement with some nato country considering that almost all nato countries have been cutting back on defense spending , i doubt that . 
  you 'd think that american companies would be selling tons of arms to the syrian government right now , then . 
  i wonder why they are n't . 
  these are expensive ships . 
  most navies do n't have ships as capable as the mistral-class , for a reason . 
  are there nations that could afford them ? 
  of course . 
  but you do n't just buy warships on a whim - armed forces generally have their budgets set by their respective governments on a yearly basis , and they use that budget pretty quickly in order to operate and procure whatever they were planning on procuring .
