  it ended up falling to a byzantine rump state that was no great strength . 
  how is that `` great ? '', 
  all of the eastern crusader states were failures . 
   but as always byzantines were treacherous . 
  yeah , as opposed to the pure , honorable crusaders who decided to slaughter the people of constantinople for no reason other than that they could . 
  also , the crusaders * chose * to get involved in byzantine politics , they were n't forced to . 
   even during the first crusade they worked against crusaders in ways that generally benefited the cause of the crusades . 
  the fourth crusade was a shitshow , and the ones who are most to blame are the crusaders and the venetians . 
  the byzantine princes were fucking things up , but if the crusaders did n't decide that plundering the wealth of constantinople was a good idea , then maybe the empire would not have been fatally weakened . 
  the `` latin empire '' set up by the crusaders to rule constantinople was pretty incompetently run - like most other crusader states - and ended up falling to the byzantines , so it 's not like they actually accomplished much besides killing and plundering a great city . 
  they are supposed to be crusaders , not mercenaries . 
  they 're sanctioned by the church to protect christianity . 
  killing christians is n't how you do it , and they were excommunicated for it . 
  that is , until they gave the pope a cut of the loot and were then accepted back in the fold . 
  you do n't have to educate me on why the crusaders acted the way they did , i 'm saying that their actions clearly show how morally hollow that crusade was , as well as how corrupt the medieval church was . 
  i do n't think some byzantine princes being idiots excuses the `` crusaders '' slaughtering and pillaging a christian city . 
  also , this was after they had attacked the city of zara in modern croatia . 
  zara did n't owe them any money . 
  maybe if the crusaders had been able to pay the venetians what they had agreed upon , they would have actually been able to go on crusade instead of just killing more christians . 
  i guess it was okay in the end , because they got to plunder the wealthiest city in europe . 
  i 'm not denying your experience , but i would think that in america that would be a * vast * outlier , as everyone i know learnt very little about anything non-american or non-european apart from ancient history ( mainly egyptians and mesopotamians ) and because the most popular public school history textbooks definitely do n't eschew european history . 
  like , people can rattle of some chinese inventions - paper , gunpowder , stirrups - and talk abut the mongols , but that 's about it . 
  the middle ages in specific being neglected is n't just a product of eurocentrism , but a product of enlightenment thinking that saw basically everything that happened in europe between the fall of the western roman empire and the renaissance as superstitious nonsense with no real value . 
  the fact that many people today still think of the middle ages and the dark ages as a time in which nothing of value happened shows the legacy of both enlightenment thought and eurocentrism , in this case referring to western europe as the eastern roman empire is often entirely overlooked for no real reason . 
   and that my classmates ca n't point to latvia on a map to be fair , they probably also ca n't point to , say , vietnam on a map , or tell you anything about chinese history from 462-1452 apart from maybe `` the mongols invaded . '', 
  their two parties are using the same rules as well . 
  if you receive fewer votes you do n't get the same representation . 
   it 's worse as it denies them their rightful representation no , it does n't . 
  macron is playing by the same rules as le pen . 
  if you lose an election you do n't get the same representation as the winner . 
  do you remember what part of the us she was from ? 
  in my experience , americans of italian ancestry from the east coast tend to not shut up about their ethnic origin . 
  people have posted pictures of soldiers from other countries that have committed war crimes and acts of genocide . 
   that song was the oscar-bait of music world . 
  eh , it was `` bait '' but it was still better than almost anything else . 
  i would have voted for it on the basis of it being sung in portuguese . 
  most english-language eurovision songs sound like bad imitations of american or british pop music . 
   the great regressive lockdown started in the autumn 2015 , you silly , silly person . 
  it 's really hilarious seeing these absurd claims without any shred of evidence . 
  i thought that you guys made fun of leftists for constantly being triggered and feigning oppression ? 
  you lot seem just as soft . 
  [ here 's a thread you may like . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2vry3k/europe_must_open_borders_to_migrants_un_official/ ) actually , you probably ow n't like it , because it proves that your feelings do n't line up with reality . 
  get over your persecution complex , it makes you look like an idiot . 
  i 've been here longer than one year . 
  this imagined persecution complex is hilariously bizarre . 
  it seems to me that it is remarkably easy to claim some sort of evil mod oppression without any evidence to back it up whatsoever . 
  but hey , who needs evidence when you have feelings ? 
  and what of the ones who are from those countries ? 
  just a quick search and i found [ an r/europe post about boat refugees ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/341ngx/who_boards_the_refugee_boats_german/ ) from two years ago which feature comments criticizing taking in refugees . 
  the person was n't called a nazi or banned . 
  seriously , every big thread on this topic here or in / r/worldnews is full of people talking about supposed oppression by mods or hordes of downvotes by migrant-loving globalists . 
  this persecution complex is dumb and embarrassing . 
  serbia also has the issue with kosovo . 
  rome would be the closest europe has ever been to being unified , yeah . 
  maybe the west ( particularly my own country ) should stop fueling regime change and civil wars in foreign countries like libya and syria , then . 
  it 's funny because i 've been seeing people whine about the supposed / r/europe circlejerk of labelling anyone who says bad things about refugees as nazis for several years now . 
  the discussion was here two years ago , it 's just that instead of discussing stuff people just went on about the evil boogeymen hounding them off of the internet . 
   i 'd love to see him doing this in the mosque . 
  see how far he 'd get catching pokemons . 
  he 'd be convicted of the same crime , because russia 's blasphemy laws apply to islam as well as christianity . 
  holding every bosnian responsible for some gang lords is about as silly as holding every german responsible for nazi war crimes . 
  apparently every muslim state and empire throughout history is motivated completely by religion and not by any other concern . 
  it 's the same reason why you see `` islamic slave trade '' all the time , but never `` christian slave trade . '', 
  nora b-52 does look very nice . 
  truck-mounted howitzers are quite popular these days and that design looks better than most . 
  yes . 
  our public education system loves the founding fathers , particularly george washington . 
  ideological cultism ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  i guess not everything can be cultural marxism . 
  the french and eu economy has been shit and the two main political parties in france basically shot themselves in their feet . 
  add in the terrorist attacks and this should have been a perfect year for le pen . 
  do n't expect much in the way of critical thinking from the t_d crowd . 
  italy 's carriers are n't large enough to operate navalized eurofighters even if such a plane was developed . 
  they need stovl aircraft , and that means that they need the f-35b . 
  naval eurofighter wo n't happen . 
  the only navy in europe that operates catobar carriers is france , and they have a navalized version of the rafale . 
  uk could have chosen to develop a navalized eurofighter but they went with f-35bs instead . 
  italy 's cavour is too small for effective catobar use , she was always designed with the f-35b in mind . 
  the ones who lost their heads in france tended to be the royalty and aristocracy . 
  to be fair , it is often easier for a country to rise up to middle-income status than it is to go beyond that . 
  lots of south american economies have been stuck in the `` middle income trap '' for quite a while . 
  but yes , the russian economy has been mismanage for years . 
  yup . 
  venice is basically just becoming a giant tourist resort . 
  it 's hard to reverse this trend because the venetian economy does n't really have a viable base besides tourism ( unlike bigger tourist hotspots like paris and rome ) . 
   holy shit , imagine what would happen if a `` dear black people '' came out with the narrator being a blue eyed blond guy narrating the alt-right would celebrate and make fun of liberal tears ? 
  well then he did n't really succeed in bringing peace , did he ? 
  the death star blew up due to an abundance of peace . 
  genocide was not a term until 1943 . 
  ataturk died in the 30s . 
   or do you simply believe that he 's the better candidate in relation to your own values ? 
  i believe that , and as of now it seems more french believe that than they do of le pen , seeing that macron beat her in the first round and is leading her going into the second round . 
  may 7 will show whether this is true or not . 
   if you could outline some of his policy that is not '' keeping europe intact '' then i 'd be on board . 
  keeping the eu economically stable is hardly a bad thing . 
  some people would rather have leaders who focus on the economy , believe it or not . 
   he 's a rothschild banker that was a nobody well he ca n't be a rothschild banker and a nobody . 
  also , the rothschilds are n't that powerful anymore , despite being the eternal boogeymen in european politics .
