  china does n't buy treasuries to get leverage on the us , they buy treasuries because treasuries are stupendously safe . 
  investors lap them up even when their interest rate is so low that holding them actually causes you to lose wealth via inflation . 
  the only way this would change is if congress keeps on acting like children and making debt into a way bigger issue than it is . 
  true , but france and britain do have power projection . 
  if germany wanted to help out , they could get there . 
   if they keep occupying indefinitely they are n't even occupying mali now . 
  well , the `` afghan government asked the ussr for help '' was basically an afghan puppet government asking for ussr help . 
  communism in afghanistan did have some support from the people , but not that many of them - it is hardly an industrialized nation , and the ussr really did n't do peasant communism like the chinese did . 
  indeed . 
  i really do n't get the whole `` well we do n't want to be like we were in wwii '' thing . 
  yes , germany was awful in the early 20th century , but we are talking about intervening to prevent religious fundamentalists from gaining power in a nation , we are n't talking about ethnic cleansing . 
  also , other european nations committed atrocities like there was no tomorrow in the past . 
  the british were professionals at forced relocations and engineered famines . 
  the nazis were around for about a decade , but the british were exploiting large portions of the world for over a century . 
  the french were up there as well . 
  yet those two nations have gotten over it and now act generally as a net positive for the world . 
  well , the tuaregs were on the side of gaddafi , not the qataris and the british . 
   a lot of people would probably rather join the military for the opportunity . 
  especially when you consider that after vietnam , america got in few large-scale foreign entanglements . 
  we basically stuck to picking on little nations like panama or grenada . 
  sign up for the military , go through training , and you would end up on some base in the us or in some mostly friendly nation . 
  hell , taking a few casualties in somalia was enough to get the public riled up enough to make us pull out of there . 
  there was the first gulf war , but that was a short affair , with no messy occupation . 
  9/11 changed that completely . 
  should have changed his middle name to `` never . '', 
   it 's isis long-term game plan to turn westerners against muslims and force them onto their side for a massive war . 
  basically all muslims vs the west world war kinda shit . 
  edit : i misread your post as claiming that the migrant crisis was all isis 's game plan , never mind . 
  probably because `` panzer '' has been used widely by english-speakers since the second world war . 
  your country basically just drew up iraq on a map , and that 's how it was created . 
  for most of modern iraqi history it has been lead by violently oppressive governments . 
  yeah , they 're probably not going to be as patriotic as you . 
  is it really so fucking hard to understand that different countries have different situations ? 
  does n't change the fact that their ancestors were mostly brought against their will , they faced legal discrimination until fairly recently , and even now they face severe economic discrimination . 
  and in any case , culturally speaking most black americans have little in common with present-day sub-saharan africans . 
  you know , it 's pretty hypocritical for white americans to whine about black americans , considering that most of them are descendants of people brought over * against their will * . 
   take them back where ? 
  libya ? 
  it 's not like these are chartered boats operating out of libyan ports in a legal manner . 
  as you identify , they are mostly illegal smuggling boats . 
  so just trying to land in libya and offload refugees there is basically saying `` we do n't want these people , so you take them . '', 
  some of them are probably libyan , yes , but many likely are n't , and dumping them on libya is hardly fair . 
   all european countries could share their contribution proportionally ( and maybe urge the usa etc. 
  as well ) i mean , the us just boosted it 's foreign aid to jordan to 1 billion dollars per year . 
  eh , i would n't just blame the politicians in this case . 
  large amounts of funding to foreign refugee camps and big increases in foreign aid spending would have been a hard sale to the voters in many countries during a recession . 
  its the leaders and the people who are very short-sighted . 
  oh wow , should i feel bad for laughing at internet racists ? 
  plenty of europeans loved to lord over americans with their moral superiority back during the early to mid-2000s . 
  now i see the same sorts of racist bigotry on a daily basis from europeans that they were accusing americans of holding . 
  note : i 'm not saying that people who want to close borders or whatever are automatically racist , but this sub certainly is full of plenty of hardcore bigots . 
   jesus christ , the reaction i see here is * exactly * the same reaction europe was laughing at in the early 2000s , after america went all gung-ho after 9/11 . 
  i have to admit , as an american , it is hard to resist grinning every now and then as i browse / r/europe for this very reason . 
  i see . 
  well then , i was wrong about him . 
  he 's not exactly muslim brotherhood , but yeah , i would n't vote for him . 
  oh certainly , i 'm in no way saying that hitler , stalin , and the likes were humanists . 
  and you are right that things like nationalism can fill the void left by religion . 
  as for america ... yeah , well , plenty of americans will talk about our nation being founded on things like democracy , just rule of law , et cetera , but then you do have the `` america is a christian nation '' thing that the right likes to repeat . 
  arabic writing is apparently inherently evil . 
  lasers are more for defending against missiles . 
  modern warships really are n't armoured like they used to be ( think of wwii battleships and the like ) . 
  defense is focused on not getting hit , either through stealth , electronic countermeasures , or , if it comes to it , shooting down incoming missiles . 
  this is done with air defense missiles or with guns . 
  however , it 's hard to say just how well anti-missile defense systems really would work against multiple incoming missiles ( especially the supersonic beasts that the russians design ) . 
  lasers are seen as a potentially revolutionary development in missile defense . 
  fore purely offensive roles , a laser is limited due to the fact that it can not fire at targets over the horizon , due to the curvature of the earth . 
  as someone of indian ancestry , i feel weird defending a pakistani , but seriously , this guy 's a green party member . 
  he 's not going to be pulling sharia law stunts just because he 's a muslim originally from pakistan . 
  enlightenment started the `` enlightenment ideals '' that people hold dearly today , but lets not forget that two of the bloodiest wars in human history were fought in europe within the lifetimes of some europeans who are * still alive today . 
  * enlightenment ideals did n't stop germany from throwing millions of people into death camps . 
  and lets not forget that enlightenment did n't stop european nations from exploiting a vast chunk of the world through imperialism . 
  sure , europeans might have been less likely to slit each other 's throats over religious doctrine after the 1600s , but that did n't exactly mean that they were anywhere close to `` modern standards . '', 
  this is why i do sometimes roll my eyes when people say that the middle east has always been a `` hellhole '' or whatever , and will always continue to be so . 
  look at what europe was a hundred years ago - not exactly a paradise , was it . 
   with demographic projections being what they are , if i settled in europe for the long run , would i be facing increasing hostility , marginalization and possible eventual legal persecution from younger generations that are predominantly islamic ? 
  except that the migrants are n't going to be anywhere near the majority , nor will there descendants become the majority . 
   there was also some poll where no british muslims at all thought gay people should be tolerated . 
  you 're probably thinking of this :  [ the most dramatic contrast was found in attitudes towards homosexuality . 
  none of the 500 british muslims interviewed believed that homosexual acts were morally acceptable . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) you could probably interview 500 catholics or baptists in america and get a similar response , frankly speaking . 
  the poll was asking about morals . 
  i 'm not going to tell you that europe is some utopia or that there is nothing to worry about , but there 's definitely a high level of scaremongering going on . 
  you do n't get precious internet views for a video of `` normal immigrant says normal things . '', 
  a lot of people seem to see `` pkk '' and just lump them in with all kurds , thinking that the pkk is the kurdish army or something , and then say pro-pkk things because they know that the kurds are fighting isis . 
  people here seem to think that the pkk does nothing wrong , and is unfairly being labelled as a terrorist group by the us and most of europe . 
   you do n't see as much of this sort of thing in the us you did in the 1800s . 
  ethnic rivalries between different immigrant groups were * very * prevalent . 
  also , asian immigration did n't happen as peacefully as people make it out to be . 
  americans in the 1800s and early 1900s said the same things about chinese as you hear people say about middle easterners - they 're uncivilized , dangerous , will never integrate , threaten our values , et cetera . 
  the most significant immigration control act in us history was the [ chinese exclusion act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act ) , which is basically exactly what it sounds like . 
  japanese americans also had it tough . 
  the ones on the west coast literally got forced into camps during wwii . 
  a lot of people tend to gloss over the racism that asians faced ( and still face , to a much lesser degree ) in america , by acting like everything was harmonious and peaceful . 
  heck , it was n't even harmonious with many of the european waves , something that most europeans ( who tend to be as ignorant of american history as americans are of european history ) are n't aware of . 
  plenty of anglo-protestant americans despised and feared catholics , claiming ( once again ) that they 'd never integrate , would undermine american society and values , would be taking orders from the pope , et cetera . 
  irish were widely discriminated against , as were italians . 
  in the end , time has shown that most groups that came to america did integrate . 
  it was far from some simple process . 
  doubt it , the demographics just do n't work out .
