  it is going to lose that . 
  however , sunni jihadism wo n't die with the caliphate . 
  people will continue to conduct terrorist attacks in the middle east & the west , either in the name of is or in the name of some other group . 
  my guess is that it there will be a surge in terrorist attacks as isis enters its death throes ( cornered animals and whatnot ) but the attacks ( in the west , at least ) will decline afterwards . 
  a big part of why isis was so succesful at carrying out attacks was essentially due to marketing - isis became the go-to brand or any would-be sunni terrorist , effectively supplanting al qaeda . 
  their defeat will destroy their luster , and whilst diehards will remain , the amount of new recruits will lessen . 
  this , however , is just my prediction . 
  yeah , they just accidentally ended up in eastern ukraine . 
   `` islamisation starts with a kebab and it 's already under way in bratislava , let 's realise what we can face in five to 10 years ... we must do everything we can so that no mosque is built in the future , '' sns chairman andrej danko said earlier . 
  yeah , those damn jehovah 's witnesses with their kebabs and mosques . 
  i mean , the chp is a kemalist party . 
  they 've always been nationalistic . 
  akp 's ( erdogan ) innovation was combining that nationalism with religious conservatism . 
  elect people who want to stop mass immigration and then hold them accountable towards stopping it . 
  it has n't been stopped because most politicians in europe simply were n't elected on that platform . 
  representative democracy means that the people elect leaders and then the leaders make decisions , not that the leaders must obey the will of the majority on every single decision . 
  iran is officially called the `` islamic republic of iran . '', 
  is anyone who criticizes iran suddenly a hater of shia islam ? 
   it cant leave . 
  it left . 
  sorry if that offends you , but it left . 
  here in america , we had a secession movement and we defeated it . 
  serbia did n't defeat kosovo , serbia let kosovo go . 
  serbia is n't a great power , serbia ca n't do what the us can do to secession movements , especially ones that are backed by great powers . 
  sorry , this is how politics works . 
  you can try to lead serbia in a great reconquest of kosovo or you can just deal with reality . 
  ** this sentence is in bold so it must be true ** you seem confused here . 
  we are n't talking about trump or brexit , we 're talking about this article about fillon and le pen . 
  we do n't have a situation where the author is trying to scare people into voting for the lesser of two evils ( fillon in the eyes of the establishment ) , the author is saying that both are bad . 
  it 's not a part of some grand scheme , the author did n't get a directive telling them to scare people away from le pen . 
  they 're just writing their opinion , which is left-wing and is targeted at a left-wing audience . 
  the author knows that this article is n't gon na topple fillon and le pen , but that 's not the point of opinion articles . 
  i know this offends people like you , but you do realize that just because one side wins one election does n't mean that they will be on top forever ? 
  the right wing did n't roll over in america and stop trying to scare people after 2008 , they doubled down on their tactics and it worked . 
   really ? 
  because he was sure telling begging people how to vote like it was his job . 
  wow , it 's almost as if people are allowed to have preferences . 
   because it sure seems that most media in the world got just as salty as hillary when trump won . 
  wow , it 's almost as if people are allowed to have opinions . 
  i 'd also like to know in what universe is an article claiming that fillon is just as bad as le pen to liberal values is an article that is trying to save the establishment or something . 
  fillon is pretty damn establishment , and very economically liberal in a way that we have n't seen from a french politician in quite some time . 
  you think big business elites hate a guy who wants to lengthen the work week and make it easier to fire employees ? 
   north dacota is not part of the usa . 
  call me when north dakota tries to leave the us . 
  they have n't , so they are still a part of the country . 
  kosovo tried and succeeded in leaving . 
   kosovo is not independant . 
  repeating that does n't make it true . 
  effectively speaking , they are an independent country . 
  china likes to pretend that taiwan is still a part of them , and taiwan still sees itself as the rightful government of all of china , but reality is what matters . 
  same for kosovo . 
  you can cover your eyes and pretend that kosovo is not independent , but that does n't make that any more true . 
  you can also grow up and recognize reality . 
  independence movements happen , and often succeed . 
  that 's why the balkans is n't under the control of the habsburgs and the ottomans anymore . 
  i want to know when it became the responsibility of every newspaper opinion author to defeat major candidates in elections . 
  the author is stating their view on an issue , not coming up with some master plan to defeat the opposition . 
  believe it or not , but there is n't some establishment cabal that comes up with a plan to defeat right-wing politicians and then tells every opinion writer around the world what to say . 
  this reminds me of people making fun of john oliver for failing to stop trump ... like , that was not his job , at all . 
  but this rhetoric is n't wrong on various issues . 
  le pen is to the right of fillon on immigration but fillon is to the right on economic issues . 
  kosovo is not an integral part of serbia . 
  serbia has not collapsed since kosovo became independent . 
  serbia will not get kosovo back , the nationalists who keep on whining about it are as pathetic as the turkish nationalists who think all of the balkans is turkey . 
  this is the discourse now . 
  you are either a neoliberal msm soros cuck or you are a fake news russian pawn . 
  new england states would be pretty high , most southern states would be quite low ( by first world standards ) . 
  the number changed as polls changed . 
  the last few weeks of the election saw comey round 2 , trump barnstorming the swing states * and * the `` safe '' midwestern states , and the pussy tape fading from attention ( which also meant that trump could go back to talking about his economic message ) . 
  clinton may have won if the election was held in mid-october , but it was n't . 
  it 's also nice that police forces can use the same ammunition in their mp5s and their service pistols . 
  i know that , i thought that the person was referring to the primary between fillon and juppe , not the general election between fillon and le pen . 
  i do n't think the french put much stock into sneering anglos telling them what to do . 
  trump takes twelve different positions on every issue so it is hard to say what his me policy will be like until he actually becomes president . 
  my guess is that his me policy really wo n't be too different from obama 's current me policy - that is to say , do n't do much about syria apart from helping the sdf ( an alliance between kurds and arab militias ) , help iraq against isis , and then carry on with our traditional alliances as normal ( israel , jordan , saudi arabia , etc ) . 
  the big difference is that the us will probably abandon the iran nuclear deal . 
  he really wants a job over here . 
  he 'll probably get one . 
  i guess that 's good for the uk , he 'll no longer be bugging you guys as much . 
  hollande or whoever else the socialists pick will be knocked out round one . 
  they may not even finish third . 
  if no one gets above 50 % the election moves to round two between the top two candidates from round one , so we would be looking at le pen vs fillon . 
  fillon is n't anti-establishment though . 
  he 's a former prime minister and he 's very pro-business . 
  juppe would be good and i think fillon would be alright . 
  either is better than le pen . 
  trump could come out tomorrow and say that video games are bad , safe spaces are good , and the internet is too free , and they 'd all call him alpha and continue to worship him . 
  i guess in a way he is `` alpha , '' since he 's managed to build up such a significant base of deluded fanboys . 
  trump was n't elected because of rare pepes , he was elected because of economic anxiety and low democrat turnout . 
  rural wisconsinites do n't give a damn about 4chan memes . 
   with swarm capabilities . 
  why would it have `` swarm capabilities ? '', 
  fighters are large and expensive , that wo n't change whether you have a pilot in it or not . 
  the size is dictated more by range , performance , payload , etc than but he person sitting in a cockpit - which is why plenty of drones [ are n't that small . 
  ] ( https://www.stripes.com/polopoly_fs/1.285402.1401066700!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_900/image.jpg ) swarming makes sense for cheap , expendable units , but cheap expendable fighters would die very quickly in the face cheaper , even more expendable things - missiles . 
  fighters today are a means of delivering missiles . 
  the missiles are the ai `` swarm . '', 
  the thing that delivers them - the fighter - is expensive and not really that expendable , as it has to be capable of long range , high speed , and of carrying sophisticated sensors . 
  when it detects the enemy , it launches its missiles , and the missiles do the job of taking the target out . 
  the latin empire was poor ( as shown by their relative lack of gold coinage ) and incompetently run .
