  uh , you do realize that context matters ? 
  the context if this situation is that trump & other right-wingers in the us started talking about sweden as being an example of some super-dangerous country , so obviously an american journalist going to sweden will compare it to america . 
  michelle obama went to saudi arabia without any head covering , but to be fair , the first lady of the us is way more visible than a french politician so it 's not like they would have kicked her out . 
  the us did not have the military means to push through all of germany and then liberate poland before the red army could reach poland , and attempting to fight the ussr for poland would have caused a massive war to continue what was already a massive war . 
  the red army in 1944/45 was a very powerful force . 
  poland was invaded in 1939 , usa did n't join the war until the the end of 1941 . 
  america had no alliance with poland in 1939 . 
  we get to be hegemon and europe gets subsidized defense . 
  nations can leave nato if they want - france did it once . 
  the greek military government backed militants to cause violence and try to bring the island into greece . 
  i 'm hardly pro-turkey but lets not act as if the greeks were saints here . 
  sometimes wars are n't clearly black and white , and sometimes these end up with transfers of territory from one people to another . 
  there was no referendum done on the island to determine how many cypriots wanted to be a part of greece . 
  instead , there were greece-backed militants supported by the greek military junta . 
  not exactly democratic . 
  true , but they are also lead by people who are n't crazy enough to get into a large conventional war over syria . 
  no need to be triggered , sempai . 
  agreed , a lot of countries have used some protectionist policies to their advantage as their economies have grown , or continue to use protectionist policies in some industries even if they are fully developed . 
  as i said , tariffs are n't always a bad idea , they just also are n't some universal panacea either . 
  well for the most party ( in europe , at least ) states just slowly subdued the passion for religion and redirected it towards nationalism . 
  this was n't a perfect solution , as it lead to the two deadliest wars in human history . 
  europe today is largely peaceful because those wars beat the violence out of much of the continent . 
  in the middle east , nationalism is generally rather low and religion remains dominant . 
  ( note : i 'm not saying that nationalism has to be violent , it does n't . ), 
  because they make people feel good and that is what matters . 
  protectionism is very appealing . 
  just raise tariffs and jobs will come streaming in . 
  in reality tariffs are n't always a bad idea but the idea that huge tariffs are the way forward is pretty silly . 
  the world is far more industrialized than it was following wwii and automation is far more prevalent , the sort of good old days of the 50s and 60s that people like to remember are n't coming back . 
  what we are seeing in politics today is politicians who do the very politician-like thing of pandering with absurd promises to get votes and getting away with it by somehow seeming different from other politicians . 
  and i would n't be surprised if le pen gets away with it , especially as fillon is talking about things such as lengthening the work week . 
  `` i 'm going to create more jobs and you 'll get to work fewer hours and get more benefits and pay lower taxes '' versus a thatcherite - i would n't be surprised to see le pen win . 
  well he 's done a great job of spreading peace to libya and syria ... 
  he 's a dipshit who 's gon na trash the us economy and was elected because he 's exceptionally good at pandering to idiots . 
  it 's funny that the anti-pc crusaders are now turning into the biggest `` how dare you say that '' people now that their guy is in charge of the establishment . 
  just because you win an election does n't mean people wo n't criticize you or even outlandishly insult you ... the right made obama out to be a communist jihadi for the past eight years and one ca n't say that political tactic backfired on them . 
   when you are the most racist people that have ever treaded upon this earth so was there some study done , or are you just pulling shit out of thin air ? 
  the elation for trump on the right also reminds me of the elation for obama on the left . 
  there 's the same attitude that they 've somehow achieved a permanent victory and that the other side will never win again . 
  in reality the white house just keeps on flipping back from party to party pretty regularly . 
   etc did n't work at the start of his campaign so why continue ? 
  using this logic :  criticizing trump has never worked , so why continue ? 
  and i doubt some magazine in turkey cares about how much of an impact they 'll have on us electoral politics , so why not go outlandish ? 
  this is tame compared to , say , hebdo covers that frequently get posted to this sub . 
  christianity 's violent aspects were exhausted centuries ago for the most part . 
  islam is still very violent today . 
  i agree , and i personally do n't dislike soros . 
  i was just saying why others do . 
  theresa may is clamoring for free trade agreements with other countries . 
  hardly some victory against `` globalists . '', 
  funds movements that alt-righter 's do n't like . 
  wealthy , jewish , and made money off of short selling pound sterling which helped spark the black wednesday crisis . 
  the union committed no acts of genocide in the south . 
  even the most hardcore southern apologists can only whine about the destruction of property in sherman 's march . 
  he was n't exactly pulling off 19th century srebrenicas . 
  if you want examples of us doing that you 'd have to look to our treatment of the natives . 
  wow , you guys really get triggered when someone dares say something negative about russia . 
  i think those laws are dumb in those countries as well . 
  i said `` arrest '' and not `` imprisoned . '', 
  the fact that there [ are laws against offending religious sentiment in russia ] ( http://www.secularism.org.uk/news/2013/06/russian-parliament-passes-new-blasphemy-law-as-protesters-call-for-secular-state ) is pretty sad . 
  nah , [ you guys just arrest people for insulting religion instead . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/03/russian-atheist-faces-year-in-jail-for-denying-existence-of-god-during-webchat ), 
  is that terrorism ? 
  ah , so i was right , you just made shit up because people were making fun of the dumbest train in the world . 
  good to know . 
  de jure it is recognized by some countries as independent and others as not . 
  just a de jure serbia 's claim to kosovo is recognized by some countries as valid as others as not . 
  so even if we stick with de jure instead of facts it 's not like serbia comes out on top . 
  the de jure situation is debatable and the de facto one favors kosovo . 
  sorry if that offends you . 
   neo-nazis target minorities , not the general population . 
  tell that to anders breivik . 
   as long as china and bric nations do n't recognise kosovo , kosovo will never be fully independent . 
  lol . 
  try actually going to kosovo from serbia and tell me that kosovo is n't independent . 
  serbia has no control over it . 
  claiming that it is not fully independent is like saying that israel is actually just palestine - you can claim it all you want , and plenty of countries do , but the facts on the ground differ . 
  they lost kosovo to the kosovoans . 
  it 's not like kosovo is the only breakaway region helped to independence by foreign powers . 
  russia may complain about kosovo but they do the same things with transnistria , abkhazia , south ossetia , and donetsk . 
  i actually support south ossetian independence so it 's not like i dislike everything russia does . 
  both sides play this game . 
  in terms of international politics , yes , some countries matter more than others . 
  usa matters more than , say , costa rica . 
  russia matters more than burkina faso . 
  china matters more than senegal . 
  it 's not `` fair '' but the world is n't a fair place . 
  for kosovo , plenty of the powers that matter in europe are on its side . 
  more than enough to ensure that kosovo 's independence is n't going away no matter how many trains serbians inscribe . 
  obviously there were enough to prompt you to write `` itt : people having problems with the freedom of speech . '', 
  so where are these people ? 
  where are these comments from people who ca n't stand freedom of speech ? 
  either there are a lot of them , or there are n't and you 're just whining about people laughing at serbia . 
  it 's de jure independent according to [ plenty of countries who matter . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/countriesrecognizingkosovo.png ), 
  so who are these hordes of people in this thread who have a problem with free speech ? 
  the point is that kosovo is de facto independent . 
  you may not like it , but that is the reality of the situation . 
  california becoming de facto independent is highly unlikely because the us military would just move in and squash any separatist movement . 
  we had a war over the issue of secession .
