  you do n't just decide to reroute tons of cash into buying an expensive warship on a whim . 
   and how else would they land a huge invasion army there ? 
  you ca n't really land a `` huge invasion army '' with one or two mistrals . 
  the problem is that israel 's way of dealing with the gaza strip is and has always been utterly idiotic . 
  they keep these people pent up in a tiny strip of land , and then when some of these people get angry enough to shoot a few inaccurate rockets across the border , they respond with just enough military force to turn hundreds of innocent palestinians into instant martyrs but without the level of military force needed to actually accomplish any sort of long-term political goal . 
  they know that the international community no longer tolerates things like ethnic expulsion , but they also do n't want to seem soft on gaza . 
  so they follow this weird middle path that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  you can bet that hamas gets a lot of recruits from young palestinian men ( and even some women ) who 've seen their brothers , sisters , friends , cousins , parents , et cetera killed by israeli air strikes . 
   `` we 'll be back home by christmas '' was the general believe . 
  `` we 'll be back home by christmas '' was the general believe because people thought the war would be quick , not because they thought that there would n't be a war . 
  the german kaiser explicitly wanted a war with russia , and wanted it sooner rather than later to halt russia 's industrial growth . 
  there is no western leader today who wants war with russia . 
   what started 100 years ago when we moved troops to the russian border in response to a murder ? 
  til wwi began when the united states and the netherlands moved troops to the russian border . 
  joking aside , angela merkel is no kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  wwi was not just some diplomatic fuckup , it was the result of several conditions all coming into play that led to war , conditions that mostly do not exist in europe today . 
  there 's been no [ july ultimatum . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/july_ultimatum#content_of_the_austro-hungarian_ultimatum_to_serbia ) calm down , nobody is starting a third world war over a plane being shot down . 
  america did n't do it when the soviets shot down korean air 007 , and they wo n't do it over mh17 . 
  start what all again ? 
  `` bout time '' ? 
  this crash happened a few days ago . 
  most european countries do n't seem to be too fond of spending that much money on defense . 
  they 'd rather freeload off of the us , and honestly , that makes a fair bit of sense , providing that one is a member of nato . 
  well , yeah , i do suppose that the 90s were a fair while ago . 
  but still , that was proper , large-scale warfare and it was n't * that * long ago . 
  `` war , unthinkable in europe for so long '' so is the balkan peninsula not europe or something ? 
  these sams are the size of telephone poles . 
  they are n't exactly scuds , but they are n't that small either . 
  i think `` high chance '' is a bit of an overstatement . 
   i 'll just not go on vacation next year . 
  there are a lot of people for whom losing a big chunk of their income is n't the difference between going on a vacation or not going on a vacation , but rather , eating or not eating . 
  because a lot of money and jobs are involved in making those ships , i suppose ? 
  i think he means inexperienced to project european influence abroad . 
  britain and france have had serious cuts to their armed forces , but they still have the institutional experience and logistical reach to be effective at power projection - take mali as an example . 
  germany does n't have that . 
  i do n't think he means it in terms of defending home territory from an invasion or anything like that . 
   russia just annexed an eastern european country , after all . 
  part of an eastern european country , but yeah , that is a pretty big deal . 
  has perfidious albion gone too far ? 
  yeah , but its just that - a prototype , not an actual , combat-ready vehicle . 
  every european country is obviously different . 
  my point is more to get rid of the silly idea that `` multiculturalism is a naive and dangerous concept '' . 
  obviously the immigration laws of various european countries might have to differ based on a variety of concerns , but just the idea of multiculturalism is not a lie , nor is it a bomb . 
  so basically , when confronted by professionally compiled evidence that you do n't like , you are just making up shitty excuses . 
  okay then . 
  so when the stats are n't in the favour of your argument , they are obviously incorrect . 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  there were a lot of `` ghettos '' and other bad places in british cities back during the cold war days and even the 90s when britain was a lot less diverse , so i would imagine that the stats of those days would be similarly affected . 
  all in all , pretty much everything points to a general drop in violent crime in britain over the 2000s to today . 
   it 's also a lie and a social bomb waiting to go off . 
  i 'm still waiting for this bomb to go off . 
  britain 's becoming more and more diverse , yet it seems that violent crime is n't exactly rising . 
  in fact , [ it 's falling . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-27119689 ) this bomb must have quite a long fuse . 
  i would say that in general , europeans live less `` fearful '' lives than americans ( of course , this is a broad generalization based on my experiences that are limited to western europe only ) . 
  * however * , there are certain things that seem to send shivers down the spines of many europeans . 
  immigration being one . 
  sure , lots of americans talk about mexicans coming and taking jobs and whatnot , but the language that comes out of decent-sized european far-right political parties ( think front national in france ) is language that would be completely unacceptable for mainstream politicians in america . 
  maybe those few tea party wackjobs , but not anyone who is nearly as mainstream as le pen is in france . 
  another thing that europeans get fearful of is science , i think . 
  genetically modified food is a big one , as is nuclear power . 
  germany has committed to phasing out its nuclear power plants because of the fukushima disaster in japan - despite the fact that germany is not exactly prone to tsunamis , the fact that modern reactors are far more safe than older designs like the one at fukushima , and the fact that germany 's neighbor france seems to be getting along just fine with about 75 % of their electricity coming from nuclear energy . 
  of course , there have n't been nuclear power plants built in america for decades , so americans really are n't any better in that regard . 
   well , when you of to a us store , you are more likely to find `` imitation cheese '' rather than the real deal !, 
  i have a block of cheese in my refrigerator that quite clearly states that it is a product of france on the packaging . 
  unless the distributor is violating federal law , my guess is that it is the real stuff from france . 
  ah , thanks for the correction . 
  you are correct that naval law comes into play in this situation . 
  russian naval traffic through the bosphorus is in accordance with the montreux convention , since russia is a black sea state . 
  turkey ca n't stop russian naval traffic without effectively ending the montreux convention ( which is possible , but would be a radical measure ) unless russia provokes turkey into a state of war . 
  of course , turkey is also a member of nato , so if there were to be a conflict between nato and russia , turkey could easily use their nato obligations to justify closing off the bosphorus to the russians . 
  but things would have to get pretty far for that to happen . 
  edit : as / u/trolls _ brigade pointed out , the treaty was amended to allow turkey to close the straits at will . 
  i said big , not major or primary . 
  yes , there would be foreign bases on cyprus anyways , given its strategic location , even if the island had an otherwise uneventful history . 
  but the fact that there is such a significant military influence on everyday life on cyprus is because the two ethnicities failed to maintain any sense of normalcy between each other . 
  if cyprus was one nation , or even two nations that got along decently , you would n't have a guarded border with checkpoints and troops . 
  that 's much more of an intrusive thing to have than some western military bases in the mountains or near airports . 
  anyways , i suppose i find it funny that someone from cyprus would wish away all foreign forces , as if those foreign forces are the source of cyprus ' main issues . 
  to be fair , a big reason why there are so many armies in cyprus was because of the fact that the two main ethnicities in cyprus really do n't have a history of getting along very well . 
  and by that , i mean that they have a history of trying to ethnically cleanse the island of one another . 
  if we are talking about history , you could say the same for europeans . 
  we love to talk about enlightenment and whatnot , but the two greatest wars of the twentieth century were started by europeans . 
  not to mention the fact that these european nations were running empires to exploit a huge portion of the world . 
  this is n't ancient history - there are people alive today from said era - yet europeans , especially from the mainland , love to put down people from outside of europe as backwards or barbarian . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i do n't think you understand what `` illegal '' means . 
  `` we do n't accept this format '' does not equal making the act of sending them that format illegal . 
  it is not illegal to send my local government a document in cyrillic . 
  they will likely ignore it , but it is not illegal . 
  really , the concept of legality and illegality is n't that hard to understand . 
  do you not understand what the word means ? 
  are miaphysites allowed ? 
  because if you ever slightly defend the products produced by microsoft , apple , adobe , etc by saying that they are better than some open-sourced equivalents , you are obviously a corporate neo-fascist shill . 
   illegal to send proprietary file to government institution are you fucking joking ? 
  illegal means * against the law * . 
  so , if i send a proprietary file to a government , what punishment do i get for breaking the law ? 
  fine ?
