  the ottomans killed plenty of people , but so did all large empires of the day . 
  the idea that the middle east is inherently more violent than europe for most of history is laughably moronic , and you 've produced no evidence to back it up . 
  europe has only been more peaceable since the 1940s , and that 's because the chief war-mongerer that was germany was basically destroyed and the continent was split between us and soviet influence . 
  that 's what it took for europe to grow up . 
  unfortunately that does n't seem likely to happen in the middle east . 
  during the 1600s the middle east was quite arguably more peaceful than europe , as the me was dominated by a few powers ( mainly the ottomans and the persians ) whilst europe was fractured and ripe to [ descend into chaos . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) what historical evidence do you have to prove that the region has always been more violent than europe ? 
  i 'd really like to see it . 
  also , serbians committed tons of war crimes against bosnians and croatians , and i 'm pretty sure that most serbians are n't muslim . 
   before europe gained an increased level of civility to be fair , europe did n't gain a `` level of civility '' until pretty recently . 
  there are people alive today who were alive when germans were committing war crimes in eastern europe on a scale that that makes isis look small-time , and the ethnic cleansing of the yugoslav wars happened in the 1990s as the rest of europe did nothing until america got involved . 
  i mean , erdogan was the mayor of istanbul , which is typically seen as a `` european mindset '' place . 
  that being said , he was far less radical back then , which is why when he became pm people in the west only saw him as very mildly islamic . 
  he 's very popular throughout the country , though . 
  unless the coup plotters have seized control over most cities - and there 's no evidence that they have - most of the country will be loyal to him . 
  seems to have failed . 
  most of the military did n't support it . 
  erdogan ramps up the purges . 
  anyone who criticizes or opposes the state will be labelled a coup plotter . 
  secularism and democracy will die for the foreseeable future . 
  eh , we ( the us ) blow up plenty of terrorists with their families with drones , it just makes more martyrs . 
  chechen terrorism was a different sort of terrorism to what is is . 
  chechen terrorism was a mixture of islamism with pretty standard nationalist ideas , with pretty clear political goals - not `` we need to make a global caliphate and bring about the end of days . '', 
  `` genetic branch purification '' is also not a very good euphemism , unless you are targeting your euphemisms to the neo-nazi basement-dweller demographic . 
  what , install a dictatorial leader in the middle east , a ramzan kadyrov on steroids ? 
  idk if any one person can keep that area together . 
  syria has assad at least , and i wish that the west never tried to overthrow him . 
  ironically , iraq , the country making the most progress against is ( after being thoroughly embarrassed by them in 2014 ) is also in a state of political crisis , though thankfully the army seems fairly unified . 
   saudi citizens have a good quality of life except for women . 
  and shias . 
  [ here 's a good article on is . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ) you are correct , it is very hard for secular-minded individuals to really comprehend the motivations of is fighters . 
  whilst some - probably a lot - of is fighters just joined the group for secular pleasures - looting , raping , power - a fair amount do genuinely want to create a caliphate governed by medieval-era laws and that is free of apostates ( any shia muslims , any sunnis who disagree with is 's interpretation of scripture , muslims who act in various western ways , t cetera ) and do see the clash between this caliphate and `` rome '' - the west - as vital for bringing about the end of days . 
  al-qaeda 's leaders , in comparison , thought that caliphate is something that would happen in the distant future . 
  is 's leaders believe that they * themselves * are the caliphate . 
  is 's core territory in syria & iraq is under threat . 
  they expanded rapidly , but now that trend is beginning to reverse ( albeit more slowly ) . 
  fallujah has been captured by the iraqi army , and mosul will be next ( though capturing it wo n't be easy or fast ) . 
  this really hurts the is 's claim to be the new caliphate . 
  however , i do n't expect them to let up on their attacks in the middle east or in the west , especially since these attacks can distract from their military reverses . 
  yup . 
  a lot of people forget that there are * a lot * of muslims fighting is . 
  the iraqi army was embarrassed by is two years ago but they 've been steadily gaining back territory throughout all of 2016 , recently recapturing fallujah . 
  they may very well capture mosul within the year . 
  unfortunately , attacks in europe are a * very * good way for is to take attention away from the fact that they are losing their core territory in iraq & syria , so i do n't see these sorts of attacks lessening anytime soon . 
  is is basically an apocalyptic cult . 
  one ca n't really reason with them . 
  is wants a massive war between islam and the west to bring about the end of days . 
   only the uk can negotiate with eu which makes sense . 
  the scots voted in a referendum to remain in the uk , and it is the uk parliament , not the scottish one , that handles foreign policy . 
  it 'd be if like the united states wanted to leave nafta but california said `` hey , we 're going to negotiate to stay in this thing separately . '', 
  dove = less aggressive foreign policy hawk = more aggressive foreign policy clinton is more of a hawk than obama . 
  however , most of their foreign policy advisors will basically be the same so i do n't expect too much of a difference . 
  a clinton presidency should be more or less the same , though possibly with a more hawkish bent when it comes to foreign policy . 
  can you prove that those people in the video did n't vote or are you speaking out of your ass ? 
  i 'm just going to assume the latter . 
  sorry that the uk is n't a safe space . 
  uh , claiming that your people voted for leave out of pettiness does n't exactly strengthen your message , mr. farage . 
  if trump gets elected , which seems very unlikely , as america lets people besides white men vote nowadays . 
  fair enough , i guess i just hope that they continue to go after doping in other countries as well . 
  reasonable but kinda pointless and hypocritical . 
  russia is a fairly easy target , but it 's pretty clear that all the major countries are doping excessively . 
  tons of americans have been caught doing it after winning gold medals . 
  yes , less choice is better in society . 
   the right is generally on the libertarian position in europe or america ? 
  if someone in america was fired for wearing a cross to work , the right would definitely abandon all semblance of libertarianism to rail against the `` war on christianity . '', 
  our right-wing is not that libertarian at all . 
  pvv failed to get more seats than vvd despite leading the polls for much of 2017 . 
  pvv also failed to get as many seats as they had in 2010 . 
  if wilders ca n't exploit the refugee crisis , terrorist attacks , and the spat with turkey to gain a further advantage , it 's hard seeing him ever being able to take pvv much beyond their current level . 
  no matter how much wilders fans will try to justify this , it is a huge disappointment for his political aspirations . 
  he 's been in politics too long to play the `` outsider '' card used by trump or the five star movement in italy , and he 's proven incapable of matching his peak in 2010 . 
  uh , removing kebab has been an / r/europe meme for as long as i can remember . 
  most of the people here do n't even know where the meme comes from . 
  batista was n't as strong as erdogan . 
   australians ... canadians asians & south americans are a possibility . 
  australia and canada are first-world developed countries so migration from them to europe will remain low and limited to specific fields , as few people would make such a long-distance move from one developed country to another to work a low-paying job . 
  hahah , i was wondering what excuses people would come up with for wilders losing . 
  the idea that brexit polls heavily favoured remain is utterly bizarre . 
  they were pretty evenly split . 
  i severely doubt that many business owners will go after hijabs . 
  niqab yes , but not hijabs . 
  it 's a silly way of limited their potential workforce that would also attract controversy . 
  erdogan is fine with dragging turkey 's reputation through the gutter in order to score political points at home . 
  after the referendum is over he can repair relations with europe by using the flow of refugees as a lever . 
   the part that consistently wins is the only part of the electorate that matters . 
  other parties , such has the chp , have won elections throughout turkish history . 
  christ , i did n't think they would be that blatant . 
   if he is elected it will prove for good that elections are not won but bought no , if he is elected it means that more people agree with him than with the other candidates . 
  sorry , that 's how elections work , they do n't just coronate whoever talks big about being anti-establishment . 
   so upset about how the war turned out . 
  that 's funny , because that is a pretty accurate way to describe pretty much every nationalist serb i 've ever encountered here . 
  he literally implied that there was a terrorist attack or something similar in sweden recently , which there was n't . 
  `` last night '' was pretty specific . 
  it 's usually a mix of both . 
  the new-age left-wing people who think that the best medicine is some herb they read about on twitter and the right-wing conservatives who think that the best medicine is religion . 
   the idea that we are n't allowed to worry about ghettoisation except that this `` idea '' is utterly fictional . 
  i see tones of people whining about what they supposedly are n't `` allowed '' to say and then saying it anyways . 
  it 's like you guys have collective paranoia . 
  nobody is stopping you from making these comments .
