  serbia is not as strong as the us - obviously - and so they lost kosovo . 
  whether this was fair or not depends on who you ask , but geopolitics is not always fair . 
  no , you were making a pointless comment . 
  there is no violation , and nobody here is proposing that serbia be punished . 
  we 're just laughing at serbia . 
  that 's a form of speech too , you know . 
  people laughing at salty serbians is not a violation of your free speech . 
  lots of countries do n't recognize israel , does that mean israel does not exist ? 
  how large ? 
  the people in america who throw a hissy fit when a racist is called a racist were already republicans . 
  these are the same people who have been moaning about pc year after year since the 90s . 
  clinton lost because her economic message was weak since she focused mostly on image instead rather than balancing the two ( or preferably putting econ first since that 's what matters more to most people ) . 
  trump underperformed a lot of more mainstream gop senate candidates ( including those in florida , ohio , wisconsin , and pennsylvania ) , so i do n't buy the notion that painting him as a sexist or racist * helped * him , it just did n't hurt him enough as clinton expected . 
  if le pen wins it 's not gon na be because of hurt feelings but because fillon 's economic policies are pretty far to the right by french standards . 
  another poorly planned coup d'etat . 
  probably both . 
  derangement leading to religious fanaticism . 
  tunisia has a ton of crazy islamists . 
  the last thing the mostly secular tunisian government wants is them stirring up shit at home ( like shooting up tourists on beaches ) so they are probably glad that tunisia 's islamists tend to instead leave the country . 
  tunisia is one of isis 's biggest source of foreign fighters . 
  also a caliph ( if well-recieved ) would be a religious and cultural leader who could rival erdogan . 
  i do n't think erdogan wants that . 
  erdogan is islamist but he does n't want rival islamists ( hence the gulen purge ) . 
  fair enough , i think there was a lot of anger directed towards belgium based on the fact that the cell that carried out the attack in paris was based in belgium . 
  that attack was far larger than this one , so the reaction was more intense . 
  he said independent , not legitimate . 
  isis is a de facto independent state no matter how bad it is , just like the taliban was when they controlled afghanistan . 
  denying the independence of northern cyprus is like denying the existence of israel or claiming that taiwan is a part of the people 's republic of china - you can do it , and a lot of people do , but the facts on the ground do n't match up with that . 
  so after what point in time does it become morally wrong to kill the descendants of invaders ? 
  can black south africans genocide their white neighbors ? 
  can the welsh start blowing up those pesky anglo-saxons ? 
  this sub has few `` multikulti propagandists . '', 
  there 's no need to whine about bogeymen . 
  because if the definition of a failed state is `` a state that has terror attacks '' then a shit ton of countries would be failed states . 
  failed states are states that no longer have any control over much of their territory , like somalia , south sudan , and syria . 
  germany is not on that level . 
  tunisia is weird . 
  it is the only real arab spring success story and the mainstream is pretty relaxed relatively speaking . 
  however there are a lot of hardcore islamists in tunisia . 
  they do n't fit in tunisian society so instead of trying to take over they go abroad to spread islamism . 
  tunisia is the biggest source of foreign ( non-iraqi/syrian ) fighters for isis . 
  sounds like iran is gon na get some freedom . 
  the highest comment in this thread is about european leaders fucked you over by allowing muslims in . 
  you do n't have to keep on whining about virtue signaling 24/7 . 
  last time europeans tried achieving that it certainly led to a fair amount of violence . 
  because that 's what islamist terrorists do ? 
  planes cost a lot to develop and there are often difficulties . 
  this is going to be especially true for a highly sophisticated aircraft like the f-35 . 
  the sophistication was due not to lockmart but due to the government 's requirements - we wanted a family of aircraft that could replace the f-16 , f/a -18 , and harrier , whilst being nearly as stealthy as an f-22 , and capable of a wide variety of other missions . 
  i do n't think any deep culture of fatalism is at hand . 
  russia has the edge in syria because a large part of war is simply about showing up . 
  russia showed up , the `` west '' ( in this case meaning usa , france , uk ) did not . 
  as for why that is the case , i think it is more on the west 's end than on the russian end - iraq & afghanistan have created a populace disillusioned with the idea of liberal interventionism . 
  even then , it was a rather close decision - obama could have very easily decided to support air strikes on the regime , but due to his own personal hesitancy he backed off . 
  had he not have backed off , assad would have likely been defeated . 
  if clinton or mccain were president instead of obama , we probably would have bombed assad . 
  to be fair , terrorists keep on providing that constant emergency in france . 
  though it seems likely to me that intelligence services are more vital than a state of emergency in preventing further terrorist acts , it is hard for all but the most stringent state of emergencies to prevent things like a guy driving a truck into a crowd . 
  us nation-wide polls were actually fairly accurate . 
  they had clinton up by like 3 points , in the end she was up by about 2 . 
  it is the state polls that failed , and us presidential elections are determined by states not a national vote . 
  we should let colorado or wyoming become independent countries so they can take the number one spot in that list . 
  the soviets were pretty good at camp building . 
  maybe not as large as german ones , but they built camps in all sorts of scenic locations . 
  pretty much every sizeable city has relatively unsafe areas . 
  abu hajaar became a meme for sucking . 
  however , not all is fighters are as incompetent , unfortunately . 
  alcohol is a part of european culture and european countries are mostly wealth and industrialized . 
  does n't surprise me too much . 
  and trump has said that he 'll increase the size of the military - which will probably require more funding . 
  being a bottom was seen as inferior to being a top . 
  it was fine if you are young but if you kept on being on the receiving end as an adult you would be looked down upon . 
  yeah , ancient attitudes towards sexuality could be weird . 
  the referendum was n't about the eu . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  pretty much every election or referendum everywhere in the west is literally brexit apparently . 
  even when people vote to keep the political system the same , like italy just did . 
  lol , did you bother even reading what the referendum was about . 
  yeah , that was dumb on renzi 's part . 
  maybe renzi genuinely wanted the reform . 
  it 's currently hard for any pm to get anything done in italy . 
  the referendum could change that . 
  and if he lost but stayed on as pm he 'd just grow more and more unpopular since he ca n't get much done , so why not resign . 
  haha , that is great . 
  bosnia and albania are majority muslim . 
  macedonia is around one third muslim . 
  maybe you should learn something about the balkans before making yourself look ignorant . 
   soros lol , it 's hilarious how many things people claim soros is behind . 
  also , last time i checked the balkans has plenty of muslims . 
  i doubt the average trump voter has any idea who nigel farage is . 
  that being said , he probably can become a succesful pundit . 
  and enough sycophants , which is basically what farage has become . 
  the two threads are n't mutually exclusive . 
  as a state , the islamic state is losing . 
  their caliphate is shrinking . 
  in iraq , they 've essentially been reduced to just mosul ( their other territories will fall quickly once mosul is retaken ) . 
  in syria , they look set to lose al-bab to either the syrian arab army & the kurdish sdf ( who are working together ) or the turkish-backed fsa . 
  the main question being asked by people who follow the conflict is which one of those two factions will reach al-bab first . 
  raqqa and all the other euphrates holdings will last for a while longer but are not sustainable in the long run , given the threat posed by the saa after they finish off the rebels & any iraqi pmu forces that decide to cross the border to fight isis . 
  the islamic state is unlike past jihadist groups in that its ideology focused around creating a physical state - the caliphate - with leaders , borders , taxes , et cetera .
