  or , chant usa , usa , usa ? 
  i went through 12 years of public schooling and was never once asked to sing the national anthem or chant usa . 
  i think we did `` america the beautiful '' in like fourth grade music class or something , since that 's a far easier song to sing than `` the star-spangled banner . '', 
  the pledge of allegiance is our weird nationalistic `` tradition . '', 
  if you do n't mind me asking about your username , are you a bulgarian turk who also lives in la ? 
  not passing judgement , i just find it kind of amusing to think about . 
  we support saudi arabia , which is an openly islamist state , so yeah , the us government is n't going to dump turkey for moral reasons alone . 
  i should also point out that various european governments support saudi arabia as well , through means such as selling weapons . 
  the saudi air force operates eurofighter typhoons , for example . 
  the guardian is hardly an anti-eu paper . 
  he was 18 so for most of his life he was a minor . 
  not that minors ca n't move , but do you know many minors who decide to move to distant countries on their own , without any immediate cause ( like a war ) ? 
  yup , i was wrong . 
  i thought of deleting the comment , but i might as well leave it up there so people can see what other people were responding to . 
  lol , good anime , but that 's some weird geography . 
  i mean they do have wmd , right ? 
  yes , it seems that i jumped the gun . 
  i see . 
  well , i am willing to admit that i jumped the gun if that turns out to be the case . 
  he 'll probably have to get rid of the account after november , though . 
  it will be surprising if he is a shia . 
  he could be a sunni iranian , though , they do exist . 
  or maybe a shia who was just mildly shia but who was radicalized by sunni islamist propaganda . 
  well , i guess that the motive wo n't be too hard to predict . 
  the orlando shooting did n't help trump in the polls , and that was in the us itself . 
  trump tends to squander these chances . 
  depending on what you believe , he may have pushed the former pm davuto\u011flu out due to disagreements and the desire to consolidate more power under the presidency . 
  i think ambition is the main thing : erdo\u011fan does n't just want the akp to be the ruling party , he wants it to be * his * party . 
  after all , with rival parties in disarray , the main threat to his power would be rebellion from inside the party . 
  it does n't surprise me . 
  the fact is that angry , young muslim men are way more likely to turn to terrorism than just about any other demographic group , and it just so happens that people like that can blend in well with refugee streams ( or be radicalized refugees themselves ) . 
  it 's unfortunate for all the non-terrorist refugees/migrants , but that 's just how it is . 
  walking around outside should be illegal ? 
  true , perhaps a better phrasing would be that they are n't quite fully democratic . 
  a moderate king is better than an elected islamist in the long run , though . 
   at least let them keep the `` remove kebab '' uh , we bombed serbs precisely for that reason . 
  it 's funny seeing westerners identify with serbia without knowing the context behind `` remove kebab . '', 
  removing kebab was killing innocent men , women , and children , not evil ottomans . 
  well , i guess you can now point to ... bosnia ? 
  i ca n't think of anywhere else . 
  morocco and jordan are pretty sane but they still have significant monarchies so i would n't call them particularly progressive . 
  definitely , whilst i understand why isis claims responsibility for these foreign attacks to distract from their military losses in the short term , in the long term they do nothing to save isis 's state . 
  isis is learning the same lesson learnt by the tamil tigers : running an insurgency and running a state are two very different things . 
  the problem for isis is that they 've warped their entire ideology around being a state - a caliphate - and a powerful one at that . 
  they 'll probably be able to cling on to territory in syria for a while , but that 's a big downgrade from their territory at their height , and a bunch of backwater in syria is hardly a prestigious caliphate . 
  soon to be ? 
  it 's been clear for ages that turkey was never `` soon to be '' an eu member . 
  whatever pride there was that remained went away with the failed coup . 
  it can be hard to understand the thought process of people like the ax guy . 
  i mean , i can sort of get what the motivations are of people in the middle east who join up with isis to live in and fight for their shitty caliphate . 
  those people are just pure assholes , who want to kill , loot , and take sex slaves - the usual pre-modern perks of war . 
  but the ax guy , though ? 
  he does n't even get any terrible perks , he just gets to be shot and killed . 
  i guess that the combination of religious ideology and young male anger can make some people to crazy things . 
  it makes sense for isis to claim responsibility : it means that they 'll be in all the headlines for that train attack . 
  `` isis attacks '' in the west , even if they are carried out by people who are n't in direct communication with isis leadership , are very useful for the organization because they distract from a very important news story : the decline of the `` caliphate . '', 
  isis has been losing territory at a pretty rapid rate throughout the year in iraq and to a lesser extent in syria . 
  it 's got to the point where the main question surrounding mosul , isis 's last big stronghold in iraq , is not if it will fall to the iraqi army , but when . 
  isis 's thrust into iraq is what turned them from one of the many groups that ruled a chunk of syria into the most prestigious sunni islamist group ( supplanting al qaeda ) - and prestige matters , isis 's high profile is why so many wannabe jihadists flock to it . 
  people like to side with a winner , and isis managed to create the image of being winners . 
  this falls apart when they start losing . 
  despite all of this , however , most people who do n't keep up with the ongoing syrian & iraqi situation do n't realize that isis is losing . 
  why ? 
  because of paris , orlando , nice , and now w\u00fcrzburg . 
  these are what make the headlines , and therefore keep isis 's reputation as the premier sunni jihadist group intact and inspiring more angry young sunni men to commit similar acts . 
  ah , i somehow missed the news that wikileaks was about to release a bunch of turkey-related docs . 
  i 'm looking forward to this . 
  to be fair , a lot of turks do protest against rising islamism . 
  i was in istanbul last year , and stumbled upon a rather large lgbt parade . 
  it ended up being broken up by the police . 
  however , the turkish electorate is the one that has given erdogan this power , so they definitely have to share the blame for what he is doing . 
  and yeah , there is n't too much the west can do . 
  yeah , this person got off way too lightly . 
  it 's not like someone just stumbles there way into a jihadist group in syria , taking pictures with dead bodies . 
  i mean , we 're talking about two different countries . 
  also , brevik killed 77 people and whines about how they gave him a ps2 instead of a ps3 in prison . 
  he 's hardly that bad off . 
  imo anyone who joins a foreign jihadist movement should just be eligible to be convicted of treason , and treated as such . 
  economic failure is pretty much the only thing that can discredit erdogan at this point , though i 'm sure he 'd spin it off a the result of a global pro-gulen conspiracy against turkey . 
  it really is sad . 
  i come from an ( indian ) muslim family , and whilst i 'm atheist , my extended family is n't and they are all normal people . 
  this puts me in a weird situation : i think that the religion has huge problems and that muslims can only `` modernize '' by becoming secular , but i also dislike it when trump and others demonize every single muslim . 
  people who are `` culturally muslim '' are generally normal , but i 'm starting to believe more and more that the people who take the religion more seriously are truly incompatible with the west . 
  ataturk made turkey into one of the best muslim-majority countries by promoting secularism , and now erdogan and his supporters are undoing all of that . 
  it makes me feel bad about myself that i was even born into this religion , even though i 've since set it aside . 
  that 's definitely a huge part of his appeal . 
  despite his less-than-succesful foreign policy , erdogan has crafted the image of being a strong leader and a `` winner , '' to use trump 's language . 
  this could be a lie from the government , to make it seem as if erdogan bravely defied personal danger . 
  i agree . 
  turkey is important but it is n't that important that we should let the thug do whatever he wants , imo . 
   ms merkel has done better but she , too , has been criticised for not putting women 's issues top of her agenda . 
  i mean , equality is important , but i 'd think that running the country would be at the top of merkel 's agenda . 
  instead of being screwed over by male politicians , we now have the opportunity to be screwed over by female politicians . 
  yay . 
  on a more serious note , it is a sign of progress in a general sense that more women are in positions of leadership , but nonetheless women are like men in that each individual has their own views , and in the case of may , one can hardly say that those views are particularly liberal . 
  it 's pretty silly when people act as if all women leaders are a part of some collective just because they happen to share the xx chromosomes . 
  the us is n't gon na extradite g\u00fclen on trumped-up charges . 
  lol , glad that you are trying to redirect the argument . 
  are you capable of reading ? 
  `` more peaceful '' does n't mean idilic , it means that the me was n't engaged in warfare on the scale of the [ thirty year 's war , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) but i guess that you 've never heard of that little conflict .
