  yup , spain has pretty much surpassed italy . 
  now wait for us !, 
  in medicine we call it `` h\u00e1lux '' . 
  as if they 'd want to stay in poland ... 
  wales has no soul . 
   what do you mean when you say that our bottled water tastes funny ? 
  i 'd say yours has a stronger taste , like if someone put a small drop of detergent on it and it kind of feels like drinking swimming pool water . 
  take no offense , but i prefer ours . 
  i guess it has to do with different ph levels . 
   i ca n't understand brazilian sometimes , neither do i. 
  nice try at trolling , turk . 
  compared to us , the idea we have of our beloved neighbours : - they speak louder - they dub foreign films and series , therefore suck at languages - women are n't as `` difficult '' - their economy is doing better ( since forever ? ), 
  but somehow manage to always have double the unemployment we have - galicia should have the same time zone as us ( the sun sets at 10 p.m. there ) - gasoline is cheaper - their ham is better - they kill the bull - they 've got nice caramels - their bottled water tastes funny - they 're slowly trying to control our banking system - it 's cheaper to go on vacation to their islands compared to our own - we have a saying `` from spain , neither good winds nor good marriages '' ( sorry ` bout that ) but above all , the thing that most unites us is the bilingualism in products , from shampoos to chips to breakfast cereal boxes . 
  when you 're bored in the shower you can always count on that free shampoo spanish lesson . 
  i think being in eurovision helps san marino in the `` prominence '' department . 
  no idea why the norwegian flag appears . 
  sorry for the disappointment norge . 
  where 's the gypsy ? 
  would live there again ( erasmus here ) if it had sea , kofola seized to exist , and some people stoped being the freaking rudest people ever , especially to foreigners . 
  but i love you cz . 
  yup , not to brag , but i think in northern portugal/litoral centre we probably have the best summer in europe . 
  it 's ok , you can have suriname . 
  why are they worried ? 
  it 's not like they want to stay in poland . 
  they all just want to go to germany as quickly as possible . 
  cute how above 20 \u00bac is already purple . 
  that 's my march . 
  external threats make up just a tiny fraction of the global peace index . 
  it 's to do with crime , political instability etc. 
  what i find surprising is that crime has been steadily declining . 
  catania is ok , though i only visited the historic centre . 
  you should go to palermo , you 'll wonder if you 're in morocco . 
  ahah but i love many things about that place . 
  brioscia col gelato always saved the day . 
  and i 'm not here denigrating italy either . 
  i think it has great potential . 
  i lived in palermo . 
  i had a love/hate relationship with it . 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded to harsh . 
  i love sicily , do n't get me wrong . 
  we 're also # 3 most peaceful . 
  i know , who would 've thought 5 years ago . 
  what 's with `` under estonia ? '', 
  it 's small and decent . 
  i 've travelled a lot through europe and southern italy ( where i 've actually lived ) is by far the most chaotic , unlawful and dirty place there is . 
  beautiful scenery and many relics , but to live long-term it is hell . 
  rome itself is n't that better either . 
  you 're right . 
  spaniards deserve better than 17.22 % ( ! ), 
  unemployment . 
  hope things get better for you . 
  thanks for your paternalism , but it 's not like we 're starving in here . 
  portugal and spain are on another league of tolerance and human rights compared to other `` southern '' countries , like italy and greece , so do n't put us all in the same boat . 
  i wish our cities were as bike-friendly as yours ... 
  but they 're like san francisco on steroids , it 's impossible . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  heard it 's full of stray dogs . 
  kofola sucks . 
  not all . 
  lol, 
  you 're forgetting we already live in just one big economy , there are no borders . 
  sure , the minimum wage would be lower , but so would the cost of living . 
  thank you , you confirm spain does have nice people and not just bigots . 
  though according to recent eurostat statistics , the norte region has surpassed extremadura . 
  actually , during the crisis ( 2008-2014 ) , norte and centro where the only regions in the peninsula that converged with the eu average . 
  extremadura is the poorest region in our peninsula . 
  you do n't know you stats m8 , i think you 're the one who should join portugal , since every portuguese region is [ richer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistical-atlas/gis/viewer/?year=&amp;chapter=06&amp;mids=2,52&amp;o=1,1&amp;center=43.53447,-7.4756,3&amp; ) than extremadura , including your friends from across the border . 
  i know , it hurts . 
  apply nivea . 
  `` to be poorer '' says someone from the poorest region of spain . 
  we can , but that one was just lame . 
  but that 's ok . 
  yes , you are missing knowledge of a language 4.5 x more spoken than yours . 
  claramente . 
  definitely first world : high-income ( world bank ) advanced economies ( imf ) with a very high human development index ( un , though you can now argue the social progress index and the legatum prosperity index are better than this one when it comes to developed countries ) . 
  so , greece qualifies . 
  also , second world does n't mean what you think it means and it 's an outdated concept . 
  it 's where we go for a skiing spring break . 
  what ?!, 
  when i was there i thought to myself the city looked like that movie , not knowing it actually inspired it . 
  and a ridiculously small population . 
  have you seen the news lately ? 
  we 're paying our loans to the imf in advance m8 . 
  am i ? 
  i just defined the eu and the eea for you buddy . 
  welcome to 2010 . 
  greece , you cheap sista . 
  been there . 
  bratislava is meh , but has a church where everything is blue . 
  but the highlight was getting inside dev\u00edn castle illegally , and then pet some sheep . 
  that 's probably the most exciting thing that happened in the country that day . 
  i swear i was about to post `` looks like my school in 1998 '' . 
  thank god . 
  the entire eu would crumble with a slovenexit from the euro . 
  the funny thing is that in portugal no one knows that spaniards think highly of our towels , except maybe for people that live near the border . 
  you should be ambassadors of our own towels and promote them . 
  it 's because we have some sounds in common with slavic languages , like `` sh '' and `` zh '' . 
  also , in european portuguese we tend to ignore the vowels , unlike brazilians which give them more emphasis . 
  for instance : `` universidade '' can sound like `` univrsidad '' and `` excelente '' like `` shlent '' . 
  `` not flooded with to much tourists '' be prepared for the contrary .
