as long as greece embraces it 's heritage , retakes constantinople and reforms the eastern roman empire , i 'll be happy . 
  this is a good thing . 
  the only organization that has the logistical capability to deal with the migrations is the military , the police look like they 're spread thin . 
  closest is the wrong word to use . 
  obviously , those south american countries speak spanish , and they could integrate very easily . 
  i believe this is where the argument between the distinction refugee and migrant stems from . 
  turkey is n't an active war zone , it 's a safe country . 
  millions of syrians are waiting out the conflict in camps in turkey . 
  people are not sailing in dinghies from tartus to cyprus ; it 's from anatolia to islands like lesbos and kos . 
  however , we 're well past this - tens , if not hundreds , of thousands are already spread out across eastern europe now . 
  at the end of the day , i can have these opinions but i 'm not qualified to seriously discuss any of them . 
  i think it 's wrong , but i 'm not sure how to actually solve anything - which is why i 'm not a politician ( not that most of them are any better , of course ) . 
  however , i do n't like being guilt-tripped into supporting something . 
  i honestly believe that having an open door policy for migration is a terrible idea . 
  it presents a security threat and there 's issues around things like where to house them , where they will get jobs ? 
  will they stay for as long as the syrian civil war is going on ? 
  when it ends , will they return ? 
  some of these issues are much easily solved if the migration is gradual and managed , but letting in people in very large chunks means that there will be lots of problems somewhere down the line . 
  i hold these people no ill-will . 
  however , my concerns can be very easily dismissed as being racist , and thus worthless . 
  anything on this sub that does n't tow the line is just dismissed , and it 's fucking annoying, 
  europe is facing yet another crisis ( and just after the financial crisis ) . 
  that 's the reason why migration is such a hot topic . 
  i chuckled . 
  those relations are not comparable though . 
  a dual monarchy did n't rule france and syria . 
  austrians/hungarians were neighbours and they once ruled an empire together , of course a lot of refugees would be welcomed with open arms . 
  not to mention the fact that the austro-hungarian empire was around just 40 years before . 
  `` irish kosovo '' , nice one . 
  the coalition against isis is technically in an armed conflict with them . 
  do you mean that we have n't officially declared war on them ? 
  if we declared war on isis , it would give them legitimacy as a state , which the west does not recognise . 
  isis fighters are enemy combatants , so i would n't call their demise an extra judicial killing . 
  should n't istanbul not stay where it is ? 
  traditionally the bosporus separates europe from asia ( minor ) . 
  does n't look good that it took a wee chunk out of europe . 
  i will always upvote the west wing . 
  bartlet is the sort of leader we need . 
  never actually considered that , but that makes perfect sense . 
  the muslims got very lucky when they smashed persia and took the eastern roman provinces , i doubt they 'll repeat that luck this time around . 
  srd used to be a great , neutral subreddit , but it has turned into a politically correct shithole recently - some say that it was orchestrated by a mod from srs , but i do n't really know . 
  ayy lmao this exactly the sort of behaviour that i come to expect from srs ; grasping at straws and crying misogyny or oppression where none exists . 
  the word cunt a rather strong insult , but it 's just an insult , there 's absolutely nothing misogynistic about it in the context that i used it . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/20xiaj/whats_wrong_with_srs/ it 's chalks up to personal opinion mostly ( i think that they 're a shower of cunts , and highlights a serious double standard within the website ), 
  this is n't a tom clancy novel . 
  there 's a better chance of me going to mars tomorrow than russia ever joining nato . 
  man , i 'd love to see ~ ~ constantinople ~ ~ istanbul at some point , mainly to see the hagia sofia and the ruins of the theodisian walls . 
  you can make out the constantinople 's main avenue too in that shot . 
  i do n't understand why i 'm being downvoted here . 
  the fact that you need a flow chart to explain it says it all , really . 
  i find it somewhat hilarious that the ulster-scots translation of the ni assembly is listed . 
  horseshoe theory in a nutshell . 
  not surprised about the irish to be honest . 
  our entire social culture revolves around it . 
  i still do n't understand this phenomenon . 
  `` couples emerge from thin air '' sums it up perfectly . 
  `` secretly supporting '' is the wrong term to use . 
  sf , all their failings aside , do have the best interests of ni at heart when they oppose brexit . 
  however , if brexit does end up pushing ni towards a united ireland , they certainly wo n't complain about that part . 
  may 29 will always be a dark day :(, 
  nothing has happened yet , the u.k. is still in the eu . 
  we 'll see what the craic is 6 months after article 50 invoked , if ever . 
   i have no horse in the race but i 'm still upset for some reason . 
  this is exactly how i feel about the us presidential election . 
  while it 's extremely entertaining ( i follow it more closely than either the uk or irish politics and i 'm just as familiar with how the system works ) , i 'm extremely apprehensive about a trump victory . 
  today has n't helped my fears tbh . 
  i completed both primary and secondary education catholic schools in the north [ northern ireland ] about four years ago now . 
  would i classify it as indoctrination ? 
  the reason why i 'm putting this here is that ni 's education system is built upon a sectarian divide between catholic and ` state ' schools ( i.e. 
  everyone else , but mostly made up of protestants ) , and you mention it at the end . 
  in primary school , they put us through the rituals like first communion , confirmation etc , but it was optional if the family did n't want their kid to do that . 
  they were never forced into it just by attending . 
  same for grammar school , my school had a handful of protestants attending , they could very easily opt out . 
  parents could opt their kids out if they were devout atheists as well , i guess , but i never heard of it happening personally - the school could hardly say no to the parents . 
  certainly as we went through school , the importance of re ( religious education ) waned until it became completely optional at a-level . 
  my grammar school did have a bi-weekly 're ' session at the end that was supposed to include discussion like ethics - the only things i remember doing was death penalty and torture . 
  mostly that period was used as an additional free period where were would watch films or tv in class since we had a fuck-ton of work to do , and we needed a break . 
  things were different at gcse and lower though - there was a focus on scripture , catholic values etc ; but it was n't crammed down our throat , and while catholic arguments against things like abortion were pushed , my teacher anyway was nice enough to encourage us to form our own opinion . 
  we also had a pretty good amount of learning about other religions and denominations like orthodox , islam and judaism . 
  from what i know of the a-level syllabus , there was a lot of history on it , less spiritual stuff ( but it was there ) . 
  one thing 's for sure , while creationism was touched on , it was * never * taught as fact , nor did it supersede scientific study . 
  i imagine all other schools are the same , only the seriously hardcore schools would demolish the sciences like that - and i do n't know of any existing , honestly ; schools at that level are completely geared to get you into university . 
  perhaps things are different at lower level schools . 
  i did go to one of the top schools in the country , i have no idea what school would be like if they were not putting all of their resources into getting you to university . 
  in my experience , schooling has a very minimal impact on religious adherence , it mostly comes from the home environment . 
  it probably would be difference if the schools were more hardcore , like forcing you to do the rosary everyday , but i honestly have n't heard of any . 
  if they do exist , parents who are not full on bible bashers would n't send their kids there . 
  certainly in belfast and the surrounding countryside anyway ; sending kids to secondary school is more about the quality of the school rather than how close they are . 
  i personally would have absolutely no qualms about sending my kids ( if they exist in the future ) to catholic schools in the north . 
  in fact , i 'd try to get them into the best schools - which is usually a catholic school . 
  it 's ironic that the ones will be on the `` frontline '' of brexit are pretty much ignored . 
  people in england rant and rave about immigration and whatnot , but people in northern ireland have to deal with a land border with the eu that introduces serious concerns to the peace process . 
  the ni question is probably the most important question of the whole eu debate . 
  only problem is that parliament will have a vote on the resulting treaty , that 's what she said today . 
  the question is if parliament has the right to debate article 50 . 
  if article 50 is triggered and the commons rejects the deal ... well then fucking tough one . 
  we 're only getting started . 
  article 50 triggers in march , and then we have * two years * of this . 
  harder than nigel farage 's erection . 
  this map is probably in the nightmares of every player of paradox grand strategy games .
