  the fdp should either become a party for civil liberties again or die . 
  that 's the joke . 
  that 's why we call them `` beamtenbagger '' . 
  he 's a liar . 
  the typical story of someone who fell through the cracks of the system consists of a lack of a supportive social circle , a debilitating illness ( typically depression , undiagnosed schizophrenia , or addiction ) and , usually , debt . 
  lose your job , lose your partner , fail to deal with the job center ( or get bullied by the sadistic shitstains that work there ) , and you 're on the fast track to homelessness . 
  my family consists of social workers . 
  i got to hear all the depressing stories at the kitchen table growing up ... hamburg , by the way , does n't have a huge homelessness problem . 
  however , it also does n't have affordable living space , which directly affects any efforts of reducing the number of homeless . 
  extremely expensive , high local resistance , no long-term storage plan , extremely long lead times , unable to react to changing demand , privatised profits and a history of negligence by private operators , with socialised costs in case of disaster . 
  a well connected grid of diverse energy producers quickly becomes a lot more attractive . 
   `` moin '' ( morgen/morning ) no . 
  moin has absolutely nothing to do with `` morning '' . 
  it 's a monosyllabic greeting you can use regardless of the time of day . 
  he 's a neoliberal cdu politician masquerading as a social democrat . 
  the telegraph routinely lies , but discarding it is n't fair ? 
  come on . 
  in the sense that reddit is run by morons who geoblock it for german ips , yes . 
  `` globalist '' is a dogwhistle for `` jew '' , so yeah , duh . 
  that certainly has n't stopped the party from proposing insane internet legislation . 
  they just approved of a federal trojan ( again ) by the way . 
  it 'll get rejected by the bundesverfassungsgericht of course , like lots of other cdu legislation , but let 's not pretend they care about that . 
  because reddit is run by morons , yes . 
  reddit being run by morons , however , does n't tell us much about germany . 
  worse . 
  a system without hierarchies ... but capitalist , meaning it has hierarchies . 
  paris and surroundings , they 're exploded in the top right . 
  why build a good storage facility when you can build a cheap one and have society pay the cleanup cost when it fails ? 
  `` i was just pretending to be a piece of shit '' of course it 's a trumpet ... who else ... 
  [ ben garrison intensifies ], 
   these next eight years ftfy, 
  relevant flair , eh ? 
  us carrier groups routinely fail to detect those . 
  they are pretty scary . 
  la lune -- der mond because fuck you , that 's why . 
  you jest , but there 's a reason reasonable people do n't use depleted uranium shells . 
   if done properly of course that 's a pretty big caveat . 
  there is no storage solution for nuclear . 
  see also : asse ii . 
  this is why macron won . 
  `` globalist '' has always been a dogwhistle for `` the jews '' . 
  fuck that . 
  nobody living here must submit to the biedermann culture of the cdu/csu . 
  it 's offensive to even suggest they should . 
  when will this idiotic lie die ? 
  the atomausstieg predates her ffs . 
  unless du absichtlich wrote it like that . 
  tagdieb was talking about the huge masses of people who work full time and still need financial support because pay does n't even cover a tiny one room apartment . 
  the `` niedriglohnsektor '' was aggressively expanded in the past decade . 
  because if you do n't , your social welfare gets sanctioned down to a level where you are bound to become homeless . 
   i 've read about the german fdp and it does indeed sounds like a great political party . 
  it 's the party of the rich . 
  the whole `` civil liberties '' stuff has been abandoned long ago and ca n't be considered part of their platform anymore . 
  they are the party of economic naivet\u00e9 and the concepts they stand for have been correctly identified as the leading causes of the current economic crisis . 
  so yeah , be glad you do n't have them over `` there '' . 
  i 've been saying this for ages ffs . 
  do n't forget exports and the world market . 
  romney as a president could be very destructive to the us domestic economy and by extension the world economy . 
  if there 's one thing we ca n't have right now , it 's export markets dying . 
  spiegel has n't been a reliable source for ages , sorry . 
  especially spiegel tv and spon are merely pretending not to be on the same level as bild . 
  that ... is actually a pretty interesting idea . 
  set up a ticket system and version control system , let people open bugreports about edge cases and loopholes and submit patches . 
  review , merge , test . 
  all open to the public and under tight control . 
  i 'd actually love to try this on a small area of the law and see how it works out . . 
  i joined #banksters on my server but nobody was in it , especially not an op with that name . 
  add the server the next time you post something like this . 
  you ca n't expect people to know that . 
  ( and stop with the hashtag bullshit . 
  this is n't twitter ), 
  actually , most people are not circumcised in europe . 
  it 's mostly an american phenomenon . 
  so you moved , freely , between two countries in the eu . 
  want to bet you 've benefited greatly from the fact that individual countries in the eu have gotten closer together ? 
  it 's not that i 'd disagree with you about the eu to be a total mess , but i think it 's worth mentioning that this mess also brought decades of peace and free travel after centuries of near constant infighting . 
  you really can not fathom why an appeal to worse problems is a logical fallacy ? 
  `` but there are starving children in africa '' is not a valid counterargument to improving the situation in your country . 
  as for the rest ... really ? 
  moral laziness on part of the people who fought long and hard to get the right to go on strike or protection from being fired on a whim ? 
  your idea of a government is so jaded and bitter , you must 've grown up in a terrible country indeed . 
  by the way , the arrogance showing in your last sentence should definitely result in your comments being buried . 
  logical fallacy . 
  the argument is so often used to argue that tackling local problems is irrelevant because someone else has it worse somewhere . 
  the brutal exploitation of the third world is a completely separate issue and needs to be treated as such . 
  true . 
  i guess i 'm becoming more and more german with each passing year . 
  if you 're overly cheerful for no reason around me i will probably give you * the stare * or imagine giving you a stern talking to . 
  seconding , 18 \u00b0 c is optimal . 
  sleeping temperature is colder by several degrees . 
  best : uh . 
  we still have some semblance of a social system and health care is n't ridiculously expensive . 
  northern germany is pleasant to live in as an atheist . 
  guess that 's it . 
  worst : 1 . 
  the school system . 
  seriously , fuck that shit . 
  it is essentially a system of separating people from fifth grade on , abandoning every kid not seen fit instead of helping them . 
  there 's a reason why germany is scoring so badly at pisa . 
  we 're essentially giant bullies in the eu 3 .
