i 'm surprised to see anyone here knowing the jargon file . 
  it seems to be fairly obscure , especially for such a non-technical subreddit . 
  de facto yes . 
  there is no law stating that netflix can not operate in germany , but licensing is engineered in a way as to make the business model impossible . 
  germany does not have widespread data caps yet , but the amount of services that can not operate legally in germany is staggering . 
  furthermore , there is the mitst\u00f6rerhaftung which makes offering public wlan a legal minefield and the ability for lawyers to write an `` abmahnung '' with a hefty cost attached for the most inane of reasons . 
  navtex is fucking expensive and requires special hardware . 
  deutschlandfunk used to broadcast the seewetterbericht , which you could receive with a standard receiver in large parts of the baltic sea . 
  there 's one problem actually . 
  dab has less coverage , and some am transmissions were used for rather serious things - like sea weather forecasts . 
  important for anyone on a boat where dab is generally unavailable due to its much shorter range . 
  small-ish boats also have no internet access via sat , so they have no alternative . 
  forget the lakes . 
  this is happening in the baltic sea . 
  that would imply the us ' centre-right constructs their world view on ignorance or outright fabrication , depending on how favourably one would interpret the article . 
  if this is what passes for ` wisdom ' , you are all truly fucked . 
  i wanted to post it to r/madlads , but i 'm still not sure if it quite fits the sub . 
  nope . 
  not without breaking tls . 
  the only thing transmitted in clear text is the requested domain . 
  they wo n't change the law with the cdu in government . 
  ah , you 're one of those `` self-evident '' people . 
  no , please , indulge me . 
  explain yourself . 
  you could start with an essay on how karneval floats represent the extreme left in german society . 
  that 'll be quite a riot to read . 
  how do you manage to be hilariously wrong every single time i read one of your posts regardless of subreddit ? 
  are you doing that on purpose ? 
   if i am not mistaken , wasnt it the fukushima incident that made them all panicky and started shutting down their nuclear power plants ? 
  oft-repeated and utter bullshit . 
  try chernobyl . 
  fukushima was an impulse to change the timetable and nothing more . 
  i 'd be on board with that . 
  then we could finally move from the kids table of the nordic council and join the adults . 
  merkel is a pragmatist first and foremost . 
  the situation was volatile , downright explosive . 
  merkel 's decision to take in a surge of refugees was primarily aimed at defusing a humanitarian disaster . 
  she did this in spite of prevailing inner-party opinions that would gladly throw eastern and southern european states under the bus for political gain . 
  also , do not make the same mistake as all the yanks on this sub . 
  refugee policy is a major topic , but it is by far not the only one . 
  i use the episode where they explain the internet to teach people about the internet . 
  it is that good . 
  the party is seen as financial crisis incarnate . 
  redistributing from the poor and middle class to the rich is a staple of their ideology , which does n't help . 
  and since they abandoned any pretense of being a party for personal liberties , even those voters left . 
  i 'm not a fan , by the way . 
  what kills me is the cover of this [ german handbook ] ( https://publikationen.sachsen.de/bdb/article/gallery/34799/reichsbuerger-handbuch.jpg ) on the topic . 
  for every complex problem there is an answer that is clear , simple , and wrong . 
  and that 's the problem with populists . 
  their solutions are n't . 
  at best , they have the appearance of working for a few years while incurring horrendous long-term cost . 
  at worst , they lead to atrocities beyond the worst of human imagination . 
  nobody will form a coalition with the afd . 
  that would be suicide . 
  any party that tried to do it would get eviscerated by their own members . 
  and yes , grand coalition , aka status quo , is the most likely outcome . 
  8 years . 
  no question about it . 
  he did n't claim they were pieces of shit . 
  i 'll concede that at the eu level he was involved with people calling themselves socialist . 
  however , he is part of the center-right wing of the social democrats . 
  i have n't seen him espouse socialist ideas at all . 
  if he were a socialist , he 'd have split off the spd and gone to die linke . 
  we 'll see what his domestic positions will be , but i 'd be very surprised to hear anything but mainstream social democratic positions with a tinge of european federalism . 
  it 's clear he meant the_dolan , not r/europe . 
  since it is made up entirely by true believers as dissent is banned , there is no meaningful difference between the sub and its resident dipshits . 
  he is n't . 
  because they are pieces of shit ? 
  whenever i encounter trumpists on reddit they are r/worstof candidates . 
  hateful , resistant to facts , living in a made-up world where breitbart is a serious news source but the tagesschau is n't . 
  trying to discuss with them is an exercise in futility since they only engage in gish gallops , moving the goalposts as fast as they can spam jihadwatch links . 
  or are you asking whether trumpists are born pieces of shit , or become pieces of shit during development ? 
  that question is legitimately hard to answer . 
  are we sure osx is n't secretly a windows derivative ? 
  that sounds like something ms would do . 
  it 's a vendor-locking company burning vc cash without a business model . 
  when that money dries up , they will hold their userbase hostage for monetisation or just switch off the servers . 
  \\ #europe on irc.snoonet.org already exists and works with an enormous variety of well made clients from web to properly integrated fat clients for any platform to cli clients for people like me . 
  he said precisely none of those things . 
  irc  discord get off my lawn . 
  no , i 'm pointing out that globalist is code for `` the jews '' . 
  might as well put the echoes on it to make it even more explicit . 
  i just find it disconcerting when someone uses antisemitic dogwhistles . 
   ( ( ( globalist ) ) ) is there a particular reason why you 're using white supremacist lingo ? 
  416 weeks . 
   i ca n't even fathom how someone can say this who is n't literally close to mentally retarded in the clinical sense . 
  because you do n't understand the metaphorical use of ` inbred ' in this context . 
  that 's a problem with your reading comprehension , not with sch\u00e4uble 's statement . 
  [ fuck yes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llwkcdxn9vk ) . 
  ambient radiation is n't very high in the zone . 
  besides , solar cells are a staple in spaceflight where radiation is much worse . 
  pretty sure it 'll be fine . 
  is franconia south of the elbe ? 
  i rest my case . 
  pff , in your bavarian dreams perhaps . 
  also known as the elbe . 
  well , if it 's screaming you want . 
  yeah , that 's strange . 
  you 're bavarian after all , not german . 
  you should also listen to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxhtqsxfbke,
