i just do n't like how certain people in this thread try to make it look like the woman is homeless now - which she clearly is n't . 
  that 's one criticism but i do n't subscribe to it . 
  ultimately though due to the actions of politicians her life is now being heavily inconvenienced . 
  she is going to have to find another place to live in , which she may not like as much as her old accommodation all because the local authorities have decided refugees get priority over german nationals . 
  . . and as another poster pointed out all this will do is antagonise relations between refugees and natives . 
  even if you get evicted you get a period of time to move out . 
   she was not evicted , her contract got cancelled . 
  why does this distinction matter ? 
  ultimately she has been kicked out to make room for refugees . 
  housing refugees is a priority over housing their own german citizens, 
   my bad on the title , it should be `` $ 1b '' as in 1 billion dollars . 
  i thought it was cheap ... 
  i reckon it 's a few things : ego on merkel 's part , she wants to be known as the great humanitarian who aided the poor , hungry starving refugees outside europe 's gate . 
  look at the fawning coverage of the refugee crisis in germany now , imagine if merkel denied them ? 
  unthinkable . 
  guilt , the germans are still acutely aware of how their country can be perceived with the whole holocaust thing . 
  so to `` make up '' for that they are now overcompensating in humanitarian issues . 
  not a majority but some germans still remember a time when they were refugees fleeing the russians from the east or hopping over to western berlin when the wall was being built ... there might be some sympathy from those quarters ... big business benefits from a new wave of consumers and potential workers . 
  that 's just my impression from britannia though , i 'm probably talking out my arse . 
   it 's really just a form of language designed not to exclude . 
  that 's pcness at it 's best ; but we 've seen many examples where serious matters have been ignored because people were too afraid of getting into the debate . 
  in the uk it 's only been since 2009 where migration ceased to become a taboo ( grudgingly , there is still a lot of pushback ) . 
  likewise one of the reasons the rotherham child sex abuse continued for so long was because the authorities were squeamish about confronting a crime which was caused all by one ethnic group ( in this case at least ) . 
  the council was afraid that if the crime got into the national press there would be protests in rotherham ... even in 2004 channel 4 shelved a documentary examining similar rings of abuse in bradford for fears about `` community cohesion '' the truth be damned . 
  so yeah , keep pcness at a level where people are n't excluded and it is polite/respectful but do n't let it turn into a monster which crushes dissent . 
  we 've reached a consensus here lads , lets stop thinking now / swe, 
  but i 've been told to invest in eastern poland ? 
  you 're right , it is different in america where `` far right '' can mean libertarians or ultra conservative evangelical politics but considering the sub we 're on `` far-right '' is only ever going to signal `` nazi '' or `` racial supremacist '' type groups . 
  `` far-right '' pretty much always means skin head , nationalist/nazis whenever i read that phrase . 
  so be careful, 
  wsj is `` far right '' bro ? 
   that 's a non-statement . 
  people are happy when things are going well , and unhappy when things are n't going well . 
  this has nothing to do with the eu specifically . 
  . . and when people are unhappy for long enough , people pursue alternatives . 
   i would n't hold my breath . 
  a continental union in europe is a necessity , no matter how many times it has to be re-created or revamped . 
  how is the eu a necessity ? 
  i do n't dispute that 's the reality . 
  i 'm just pointing out the reality , the existing political situation is n't something many europeans are happy with . 
  hopefully when the uk leaves this mess , it will commence a domino effect . 
  fingers crossed by 2040 the eu will be long forgotten . 
  it 's this kind of attitude which wo n't endear the eu project to the waverers . 
  ca n't wait to get shot of this mess in a year or two . 
  just what britain needs ... i think i 'm the only one who thinks a smaller population is a good thing ... 
  lets do it :d, 
   14 year old italian girl was she white ? 
  tibet, 
   that is a very simplistic and idiotic view of u.s foreign policy it sounds like the standard knee-jerk anti american pish common among euro commies, 
   but china , which has no agenda to invade half the world and invite the other half into its country , is somehow off-limits ? 
  you have n't really addressed the massive human rights breaches ongoing in china for decades . 
  that 's why / u/casualview is concerned , he does n't want to cozy up these type of states . 
   what we 're seeing now is a smart rebalancing from the uk to a more balanced foreign policy . 
  i suppose moving away from democratic , free countries and embracing highly authoritarian countries with little political freedom and questionable human rights records is a `` rebalancing '' or a sort . 
  not sure if it is desirable ... 
   we 're a lot more similar than a lot of people would care to admit . 
  indeed , i 'm hoping the memories of the troubles fade on both sides and the bonds of friendship can renew . 
  maybe some kind of federal state ; ), 
   southern ireland is n't considered a foreign country though maybe in purely legal terms that makes sense but i reckon most britons now consider the roi to be `` foreign '' in the sense that can/aus/nz are . 
  personally i would add ireland to that list . 
  it 's basically mini-britain . 
  classic one uppers these germans, 
  any academic studies ? 
  i give far more credence to those over the hunches of journalists, 
  what ? 
  ahh i see your edit ... no the bnp are n't consulted because they 're not in parliament . 
  just saw a clip where the swedish journalist claims europe is not experiencing a refugee crisis but a crisis of `` racism '' , that the idealogy of 1939-1945 is widespread in denmark . 
  guy is a moron . 
  that 's genuinely jaw dropping . 
  according to wikipedia that 's 49 mps left out of the discussion ( 349 mps sit in their riksdag ) . 
  sweden has weird ideas on consensus and debate . 
   if i was to acquire british citizenship by choice , made significant achievements for the country , or enter the military , would you still not consider me as british ? 
  only in the legal sense . 
  i think we have intractable views on idendity . 
  i understand it i just think its a poor argument . 
  your formative years matter the most in creating your identity not the last 30 years of an 80 year olds life . 
  ... and how well are the indigenous populations getting on now ? 
  by all accounts economically and politically robbed by the colonial majority . 
  do n't think you would want a repeat performance in sweden . 
  marie curie spent the first 24 years of her life in poland . 
  she 's french now ? 
  lol, 
  bruh get that union jack on m8, 
  this is like the whig view of history applied to islam . 
  there is no reason to think it will morph into a more liberal religion ; in countries like iran , afghanistan and singapore the form of islam practiced 40 years ago was more tolerant and laid back then it is today . 
  you do know the safety and security of norway is ensured through the implicit threat of violence if another nation would invade ? 
  there are some very rough , unfriendly men who keep you safe and sound in bed at night . 
  totally agree ... ( did you read my post after the bit you quoted ? ), 
   here in the uk , as long as you are civil ; you can say what you like about migrants . 
  yeah we used to be unable to debate immigration in the uk without the racist card being deployed immediately ... i think the tide changed in 2009 when the bnp got an enormous number of votes in the eu elections and nick griffin appeared on question time . 
  it suddenly became acceptable to talk about the pros and cons of migration . 
   you 're missing one point . 
  feminists are , as the movement name suggests , campaigning mainly for women 's equality . 
  if that was the case , i would n't have this complaint . 
  however , i 've come across many feminists who claim that men 's activist groups are pointless because feminist organisations are also advocating for male issues . 
  i think the movement needs to sort out its message seeing we both have differing impressions of it . 
  indeed i think we 're reaching a litmus tests for these `` feminists '' ... if they really are in favour of gender equality then surely they should campaign , volunteer and donate in order to correct this ... after all equality is there goal right ? 
  if not they should drop this assertion they 're interested in parity and just acknowledge they are a pressure group for one sex over another . 
   is it great britain ? 
  is it england ?
