tsk, 
  i dont know what you disagree with , i did not claim that its on equal level . 
  you asked if nsa and middle east wars was involved in the relation and yes it is . 
  what is to disagree about ? 
  you need other examples for that , yes we have soldiers that aid us and other europeans in middle-eastern zones since a long time and there has been scandals about us intelligence ( nsa as one ) getting info ( in a certain area i cant remember ), 
  because that is not unlikely with all us ass-kissing our top politicans has been doing for the last couple of decades . 
  our goverment has been a piece of shit the last 20 + years . 
  im not surprised . 
  the lakes are really nice and you can in fact hit the beach all the way up till the height of g\u00e4vle then it just barely becomes questionable . 
  before you guys start calling all of us degenerated look at the dislike-ratio , it matches more fairly what the common swede think , our problem is that we essentially give 8 % of our voters 80 % of the media space in politics , its awful . 
  they are not `` back '' the swedish wolf breed is gone , its russian wolves now . 
  theres definetally a lack of housing for students here in sweden . 
  idk , sometime people vote up reasonable comments to feel smart by agreeing . 
  bruh im pretty sure ive heard swedes near the norweigan border pronounce it that way . 
  looks like 5 g\u00fcnthers, 
  not all of it , parts of it . 
  and the ` immigration ' it is damaging whatever the tax-money could be used for otherwise ( school , elder care , health care , pensions , etc ) . 
  thank you for answering my question . 
  steam m9 facebook is where your annoying family is at, 
  why would that be different than before him, 
  and swedish if you say `` to sit inside '', 
  if per capita is higher they have obviously produced more top athletes in relation to population . 
  but at the same time usa has a giant sports infrastructure and more top athletes over all . 
  anyways i agree with the icelander , per capita measurment may not be perfect but its way more fair than total medal count . 
  comparing a country with 30mil ppl to one with 1-2 mill is totally ridicilous . 
  i watched a documentary about whinnie puh performing at a fashion show , it was glorious . 
  theres enough reddit users to fit in every stereotype when needed . 
  the realest answer, 
  what are you telling me livland ? 
  bildt is a corrupt kiss-american-ass piece of i dont know what . 
  hes been involved in a lot of shady stuff around the world and shouldnt ve listened to . 
  well those who argue against clearly doesnt know what and how to work the wood . 
  isnt that like babushka ? 
  not really , most middle eastern imigrants have the same problems as from north africa . 
  because theres already examples of syrians integrating from the last years across europe . 
  and it aint looking like the hard working vietnamese people . 
  you do realise that different minorities can be more and/or less problematic than others ? 
  why on earth would syrian muslims be as hard working and unproblematic as vietnamese ? 
  im sure he didnt see anything offensive with the joke , im a swede so i would know ;\\ ^ ), 
  well seeing to as how our hospitals and schools are lacking in funds its still preassured which is what we should prioritize instead of spending tons on economical refugees . 
  because just as back then you didnt read more than the title, 
  yeah i wonder why people dont think all groups are the exact same . . are you seriously that delusional ? 
  `` enhet '' looks interesting, 
  that one nearly hurt man :(, 
  funny theoretic scenario but if anything theyd demand to return to sweden , i mean they have adopted swedish as main language and were planning on changing all finnish town-names to swedish . 
  not taking any offense here , just stating how it looked from my point of view :\\ ^ ), 
  well \u00c5land can do as they wish pretty much , their sovereingty and being a part of finland hasnt really been discussed nor do people actually have anything against it right now . 
  you are our bretheren from long history and i think that view will stay for now . 
  dont worry , we will always send some volunteers and resources , 
  `` for some reason '' both our major blocks has been utter shit , its high time for the common swede to get his head out of his ass and vote in new parties and get rid of the current ones , they simply refuse to change for the good of the people , maybe they will if they see that they can be replaced at some point . 
  and a few of our politicans has spent most of their career kissing usa ass namely carl bildt for one . . 
  well to be honest having germany invade us if we didnt comply was strictly a worse option . 
  i guess we were just to hapless to put up a fight at the time . 
  i mean we could have slowed them down severly backing into our forests but nah . 
  im glad we helped norway during ww2 and finland later , got ta take care of eachother with the means we can at least . 
  on behalf of all men who arent vain like you , no . 
  it does not look very different , it doesnt last longer , it just costs more money so nobody cares what others think about what they wear . 
  ive had dressman and jack and jones jeans about 3 + 2 pairs and all of them are still good after 3-4 years . 
  h&m lasts a year for me but dont go spread your delusion , if you pay 1500kr for jeans you buy the brand , they dont last longer than jeans for 4-500kr, 
  bigger cost longer sustainability ? 
  allow me to laugh at that delusion hahahahahaha . 
  or normal jeans and normal sweaters , i havent seen many sweatpants there , almost only jeans or costume trousers . 
  or he doesnt waste extra money for shit that looks the same . 
  who ? 
  dont mind her , the majority of swedes arent as delusional as the pc part . 
  well asocial maybe not , but quiet is pretty true , we do keep our private space to a larger degree than most countries , doesnt really tell you anything about the person but its not false . 
  well gign is basically a swat unit not anything close to an intelligence agency . 
  well knowing their way of dealing with hypocrisy they would just overrule all those points with the woman being made a sex-object . 
  you say that on an open forum where most comment chains include various people over a span of 12 + hours oftenly . 
  our media is run by enviro-leftists and extreme feminists , that could never get through here lol . 
  i blew air out of my nose to that one . 
  to be honest , due to your germanic origins and location on the y axis i also consider you western + northern, 
  give it up , original comment mentioned denmark and germany as closer than france and england with `` culturally we are way closer to germans and danish . 
  the french and english are way different . '', 
  you basically took something out of thin air and made a point that wasnt relevant to the original comment . 
  swedish politicians are the definition of naive incarnate . 
  the cost was nothing more than improved relations and political recognition . 
  well its stupid either way to deny helpful actions and whine after . 
  well a few times a year some gang people throw grenades towards apartment houses where some rival lives . 
  happened a few times . 
  i read his stuff , dont agree and thats that . 
  they tried to aid our forest fires in sweden too the other year but our stupid goverment turned them down which probably meant that the damage could have been less but theres too much pride and prestige on the line that comes before the peoples interest . 
  you got a bad reputation or do a lot of people just not agree with you very often ? 
  i mean even if you say stuff people dont agree with it doesnt make you suspect just because its not their personal opinion , so enlighten me , what controversy have you been spreading if agreeing with you makes oneself suspect ? 
  yes to clarify myself these waves happens a few times a year . 
  shootings , grenade attacks and burning cars occur a few times every year . 
  not daily . 
  yeah i also was gon na guess malm\u00f6 but i thought there was a severe lack grenade attacks . 
  lower amounts makes it a tad weaker , thats better for a lot of people . 
  and clockwork . 
  my logical conclusion is that you need to aquire logic . 
  just do as mrgreatnames and apply logic to a possible situation . 
  or you just thought all was bullshit because you personally didnt agree . 
  large scale relatively , not that they were equal to eachother . 
  i never said they were equivalents , its more relatively . 
  its exist in high degree but its of course not the literal same thing . 
  exactly the same ? 
  existing almost everywhere in large scale ? 
  yes . 
  do you believe that any major country/unions leaders are completely without corruption ?
