  yes vikings wasnt just barbarians with no brain . 
  they were also skilled navigators , merchants and planning what was most beneficial between raiding and trading before setting sail . 
  this planning comes with good strategic sense . 
  heres an interesting read about swedish vikings . 
  [ varangian guard ] ( http://www.soldiers-of-misfortune.com/history/varangian-guard.htm ), 
  seems to be a common theme in most of the world, 
  yes our police chief is a living joke and noone understands why he keeps getting important posts . 
  `` someone stared at my ass , now i feel raped ! '', 
  i , ve seen almost exact those words being written by swedish feminists . 
  let people circlejerk in peace, 
  das is no gut j\u00fcrgen . . 
  an actually interesting read for once, 
  in scandinavia weather can change drastically from day to day or even during 24 hours . 
  there has been cases where it goes from 25 + and dry sun to 15 + and heavy rain , then 25 + sun again soon replaced by stormy winds and another temperature drop . 
  this all could occur over a couple of hours only . 
  yea but excluding the alcohol, 
  i knew that , thanks anyways . 
  well it at least represent us , but correct we lack a national flower , but every shire/region has their own . 
  i shall allow it, 
  which again points towards that it wasnt a good idea to go in, 
  west going into libya was utter shit , they had a high standard of living and west destroyed it because they managed to trick their sheeple population that libya was under a tyrant dictator when in fact they had above average living standard in the world , wealthiest in africa and got money when they got kids to afford their living even better . 
  felt like this was an appropriate thread to bring this subject up in . 
  crimea has mostly russian population and a new referendum would result in the same thing because they themselves want this . 
  but russia is gon na participate in rio, 
  thats a pretty cool gesture if it goes through, 
  its still a sub-islam militant movement . 
  which makes it religious . 
  heck most of the beliefs in jihadism is pure religion . 
  its not its own free ideology . 
  i wont give in with the vast difference there is to real ideologies like socialism , communism and liberalism . 
  jihadism is a western term made to describe islamistic militant movements . 
  a 21st century description . 
  its basically islamic fundamentalism and in no way its own ideology . 
  ideology ` may ' be tied to a certain religion but doesnt have to . 
  ideology and religion are different things . 
  ideology is belief in a social structure ( ex : communism and socialism ) religion is mostly a belief in something spiritually above mankind, 
  extreme interpetations of islam and holy wars are religious not ideological . 
  ofc it could be an ideology too or instead but i dont see how you can rule out religion in this . 
  you do realise that terrorism is often mass murder with religious background, 
  my my, 
  this feminazi troll represent a far minor group of voters fortunately . 
  pretty sure its obvious who represent the majority of swedish voters perspective here , and its certainly not you . 
  i dont blame you . 
  and i was following up on it . . 
  i think you should think again about what ` facts ' really mean . 
  for its certainly not simple statements without providing legitimate sources . 
  unfortunately i have to agree . . 
  while renting all those flats ? 
  while they play abba there , i like how you think . 
  denmark is nordic ffs, 
  nobody ever gets that right outside of the nordics . 
  ill just eat some meatballs , listen to abba and then go to ikea . 
  thats not even recent , didnt get any international coverage since it was a failiure . 
  you got ta take over norway to unite us nordic brothers . 
  cant remember but probably . 
  from the prime ministers own party website [ here ] ( http://www.socialdemokraterna.se/pressrum/nyheter/regeringen-vill-anpassa-asylreglerna-till-eus-miniminiva/ ) it was something that the sweden democrats already wanted before the election 2014, 
  they did n't and its just as high a probability that it was our own military exercise . 
  no , then any country that ever had a doping scandal should be sueable on the same premises . 
  dont forget that the reports arent final proof . 
  unfortunately people still think reading one biased article makes them experts in the subject . 
  outdated and not really on the map . 
  thats literally from one guy in a small sub-org and doesnt represent the whole party or 2016 main agenda . 
  excuse me but can you provide sources for that ? 
  you are free to list the russian shit but dont deny the overwhelming ` murican shit last few decades . 
  i think you should think from both perspectives . 
  not so strange when nato is at the russian border, 
  swede here , other parties that condemned sd has nowadays adopted their politics . 
  if you think reducing unstable imigration is far right then sure , but their politics is more left in its whole . 
  `` counterbalance '' you should see a map of nato bases and drills . 
  the titles on the original swedish articles wasnt that bad tho . 
  isohunt and piratebay are still alive, 
  living up to the clueless about the world ` murican stereotype i see ... 
  i 'll use my rights as a member of the polygon community to refrain from answering that question . 
  it would need to be a crescent or stalactite form contest . 
  i sexually identify as a hectogon and you should respect my right to have 100 points or you are a polyphobe and should check your privilegie . 
  swedish eu sceptic here , i think you will be fine after the shitstorm has calmed down and the melodramatic people realise that it didnt really change so much for the worse , problem with eu and leaving it is that eu forces countries production to be specified which ties them to eu and hurts them when leaving , its a dumb thing partly done to scare leave voters . 
  ( example is swedish farming industry , we used to produce various crops but restrictions and orders from eu made the small farmers disappear and we were forced to only have fewer large farms with focus mainly on milk and diary products , other stuff has to be imported from france/germany now when we used to grow them ourself before ), 
  if you really think that you should think about how twisted your pk mind is , not saying trump is good but if you support hillary theres things you should check up . 
  sorry i was not clear , when i said after his expansion i meant after , which would include the continued expansion untill its peak , he basically made it possible but i kinda expressed myself poorly . 
  great choice tho !, 
  glad to hear a foreigner having knowledge about our history . 
  * gustav ii adolf , ( the lion of the north ) a past king and general of sweden who got us into the prime of the era of great power . 
  [ this is after his expansion ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/locationswedishempire.png ) * anders celsius , astronomist and scientist . 
  he made the common termometer and has the degree-unit \u00b0 c as legacy . 
  for harvesting childrens blood and organs, 
  so they do have seers after all . 
  if you are going to be like that then every notable party ever is . 
  there ought to be one or two racists at least hiding amongst the thousands in any bigger party, 
  `` stupid ideas '' subjective as fuck . 
  what you consider stupid ideas is n't objectively stupid ideas , otherwise that can be turned around just as easily . 
  the fact that you ca n't have non-pc opinions in sweden without getting lashed at from the pc community, 
  does n't matter if you are leftist or not , you can still be a moron in denial . 
  you havent proved anyone wrong yet tho, 
  you are funny , i like you . 
  seeing as the great era of power was after that . . 
  well at somepoint there has to be cathegorisations . 
  we belong to the scandinavian peninsula and share way more history with norway , denmark and finland . 
  eastern sweden * if i may livland . 
  in the essence of what he said ` nationalists ' and liberals are vastly different groups, 
  they wanted to get closer to god,
