  yeah i know polandball , so you got it from there ? 
  then i was right about you having it for shits and giggles hehe . 
  well im on my phone so i cant , did you chose the indonesian flag just to troll people ? 
  we already have violent retards like afa , i dont want to see people like that with actual weapons . . 
  you two , your flags . 
  its messing with my eyes . 
  people like to believe that corruption is worse somewhere else , sheeps dont like to have their worldview shambled . 
  truth is corruption is practiced in large scale almost everywhere be it russia , usa , eu , china and so on . 
  its true but when it happened is also relevant when talking about the recent annex and the refendum they had . 
  interesting read , however a political assassination would be contraproductive if it were to happen . 
  he was talking like it was recent when it has been for over over 50-60 years, 
  well unfortunately you are wrong , the majority of krim was russians long before the annex . 
  rational thinkers like you are rare on this sub , im really interested in your opinions about geopolitics and if you have time and will for it maybe i could ask you about a few things later ? 
  hrmm, 
  glad i aint the only one, 
  german efficiency !, 
  and thus comes the question , how many of the people in this sub makes their claims after reading only one source and how many actually takes part of multiple perspectives first ? 
  i 'd argue that the vast majority doesnt bother reading more than one source . 
  i cant get any statistics on this but id like to know if you yourself believe so or not . 
  keep in mind that propaganda exist in the west as well . 
  i did not say turkish media wouldnt be biased i was saying that reading info from multiple sources and perspectives is better than sticking to one . 
  for example reading bbc , washingtonpost , rt , turkish news and your local reports would leave you with a bigger picture than for example just reading the american one and accept it as the truth . 
  i think someone experiencing the event firsthand while reading both local and international media regarding the subject is more believeable than someone only getting fed by their mainstream media from abroad . 
  theres a huge difference in based on multiple news sources and only watching from the outside . 
  you wish that eu sanctions my country based on claims you lack evidence of ? 
  lets not stoop that low now shall we ? 
  but hes elected by the people mate , just like assad . 
  respect it or we are no better . 
  what are you implying ? 
  that people cant become experts on a subject after reading one biased article ? 
  ridicilous . . 
  lol you think people here would actually listen instead of drawing their own conclusion based on nothing but a mainstream media biased article or two ? 
  you overestimate mankind . 
  dorude politistorm, 
  yeah uppsala is more like middle-sweden or central sweden, 
  that wasnt what you were saying from the start and i never claimed that you were hating either . 
  you might wan na check the comment chain from start . 
  its pretty self explainatory . 
  im not hating on american culture , im just pointing towards the fact that you cant claim certain things that simply isnt true . 
  see , you changed a lot since your first comment . 
  but dont go saying stuff like `` but god forbid anybody ask you to pay respect to or even acknowledge the achievements of another culture and their influence on your own . '', 
  you do realise that you made unfair and biased exaggregations with your first comment and somehow you turn more reasonable now . 
  and no many of the foundations wasnt there before the brits brought it . 
  where do you think it all started ? 
  you know that every `` white '' american is of european descent , europeans going there between 1500-1930 , there wouldnt be any industry if the brits and germans hadnt brought their engineering over there . 
  a great example of someone not british or german but still european is nikola tesla who pioneered in electro-engineering . 
  also again about `` all industry '' its [ hardly an exaggregation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technological_and_industrial_history_of_the_united_states ) see that its all based on british technology, 
  thats not nearly fair since all your industry in the 1800s and early 1900s are british and german . 
  use of dynamite is something you can thank sweden for , and using your logic you should consider every flight ever made to be british . 
  well we can actually get like 15 days of those temps during a summer . 
  and 20 + for another 30-40 , its not really cold during the summer . 
  ( depending on where you live ofc ) but im in g\u00e4vle, 
  its summer mate , we do have 30 + in sweden too, 
  sweden is the worlds 3rd largest music export , we got plenty of our own , most torrent websites are european , games too . 
  ( piratebay , battlefield and payday2 are swedish examples ) swedish internet was the best in the world some years ago and its still good . 
  also we got monarchy so check your shit mate . 
  yes , yes i understand now what he was thinking . 
  translation pls ? 
  because our extreme feminist party fi is widely disliked here , dont fall for them shouting in media , they scream to appear larger than they are . 
  does he have a private hairdresser is the real question . 
  they hosted a demonstration in sweden the other week too . . 
  well im just saying that feminism has reached so far here that a lot of feminists has gone radical . 
  im sure its still needed down south but its becoming twisted up here in the north . 
  those things rarely happens here if you look to the common swede, 
  its the immigrants thats unemployed mate . . 
  you dont get it , im not talking about the past feminists that fought for equality , these i talk about are open with hating men as a species while seeking to opress and trashtalk them because men are `` the root to all evil '' . 
  this i just said isnt even an exaggregation . 
  and still we got one of the most radical feminist groups here in sweden . 
  easy streamsites easy game, 
  many countries suffer from political circuses but yours is something special . 
  religious reasons . 
  i would like to see world conquer as lichtenstein , then i believe all is possible . 
  dont worry , thats what reddits built upon . 
  im sorry for not involving the meatballs , b\u00f6rk or ikea but im pretty sure this guy i replied to wasnt funny . 
  the implication of his question was surely that turku sounds like its in turkey . 
  hence my answer and his answer to that . 
  nah our week is the same . 
  below or exactly 20 and partly rain . 
  ( source , im swedish ), 
  agreed my finnish brother . 
  its a finnish city, 
  taking care of internal troubles should be prioritized over free movement . 
  fully reasonable and we need to do that in sweden . 
  well you just offered him a plumber job , must be a deal . 
  well you sure dont lack ambition . 
  quite biased and spreading misinformation . 
  sd has been very moderate for the last decade , other parties are adapting to some of their politics and vast majority of swedes prefer their imigration politics regardless of voting on them pr not . 
  the loud pc feminists are minority but they scream like they were majority . 
  it was kind of a joke , they do have min driving ages but its very common even for 11 year olds to drive scooters around in thailand , heck thats even in the tourist areas . 
  nobody bats an eye when a 11 year old girl drives a scooter with her little brother in her knees , phone in one hand and a friend on the back . 
  this is something ive witnessed multiple times . 
  isnt his 2nd ? 
  what the actual fuck, 
  you havent been to east asia then, 
  same for you mate , im just using logical reasoning on that one . 
  never said just swedish , i emphazised it because this thread is about vikings . 
  if you read the link as i have youd understand . 
  i think its rather the way that the dead warrior is buried with a boardgame that matches his strategy and skill from when he was still alive . 
  okay mate , i get it , dont press it against my face . 
  they washed themselves as a routine however their standard for washing was using the same bucket of water man after man , however it was better than some others at the time .
