ok i admit , i slightly hate when people take pictures of themselves doing good deeds . 
  er , can i not be against both antisemitism and islamaphobia , or just the hatred of a certain group of people in general ? 
  but they are romanian citizens you idiot . 
  if you were to show me pictures of poverty in britain , and all the people in those pictures happened to be black i would n't say `` those are caribbean/african in those goddamn pictures '' . 
  if they are british citizens they are british people . 
  not to mention it 's physically in romania , so yes , that 's what poverty looks like in romania . 
  it 's not claiming that this is what all of romania is . 
  the fact that this exists at all should be brought to the attention of the world so your government can do something about it . 
  i 'm surprised at both aswell ... 
  i guess the figures from russia would include chechnya , plus , their general leaning to anti freedom laws might encourage people to leave . 
  i ca n't really think of anything for serbia though . 
  my nan seems fine with living there , and whenever i go it seems ok , but then again serbia is n't in the news as much so i do n't really know how bad it must be for the masses . 
  nothing but banter !, 
  yeah , they 're great people . 
  my family are a mix of hungarians , serbians and croatians , and i know quite a few people from the surrounding countries . 
  i 've never had any experiences besides good ones with bosnian muslims ( or any muslims really ) . 
  i did n't say all . 
  well a lot of eastern europe was a bit anti religious under communism . 
  there is n't in hungary , but there is in bosnia , albania or kosovo for example . 
  i do n't because the eu isnt one country like america is . 
  i support the eu strongly but i love that the countries within it are have different traditions and languages whilst still sharing a lot of values . 
  of course , i have family in croatia where the tomatos are amazing or family in hungary where the peppers are the best , but as an all round , i still think the place you have access to the most food is britain . 
  yes specifically italian food is better , or french or spanish , but in britain you can get it all . 
  we do n't have the best food , but we have the best access to it . 
  haha well it was just a lighthearted joke based on how well all the swedes i 've met have spoken english , and with such little accent , but yeah , most brits do n't speak a second language , which is a shame . 
  everyone else speaks english though so really it 's fine . 
  swedish people speak better english than us british . 
  it 's hilarious when people argue about which country is better in europe , because we all share so much . 
  and rolls royce and bentley , and our main exports are cars isnt it ? 
  curry is great , fish and chips in a pub is amazing ( much better than the chippy ) . 
  in addition , this isnt really british food , but i 'd say britain has the best supermarkets in europe . 
  anything you want to eat you can get here . 
  when you go to france or hungary for example , the food is fucking amazing , but it 's still mainly just french or hungarian food . 
  a grenade was thrown but i think it was the bullets that killed them . . 
  in case no one wants to read this , there were 6 police officers shot in the 2000 's , 3 of which were in 2012 , 2 of which were by the same person . 
  he can be a russian jew you silly twally . 
  what do you mean ` we ' ? 
  if you mean reddit then do n't you realise reddit is made up of more than just one opinion ? 
  there are plenty of people supporting israel , there are n't many explicitly supporting hamas , but some still do . 
  however , the majority of people seem to agree that both sides are evil . 
  and again , will europe finally target hamas ? 
  ermm , they kinda are ... is hamas not labeled as a terrorist organisation by the world ? 
  we could argue back and forth for days about whether or not hamas are the ones who caused all these civilian deaths in the first place . 
  europe was n't exactly doing much against israel either to be fair . 
  recently there 's more action against israel because unlike russia , their directly killing hundreds of innocent civilians . 
  hardly , as a lot of people on reddit seem to strongly disagree with american government policies . 
  people keep throwing the word propoganda around . 
  just because some other thread said something anti russian does n't mean it 's propoganda . 
  it was one of our british robins !, 
  ahh it 's great here in istria , tomatoes for everyone . 
  good point , i agree . 
  skin colour should n't affect culture though . 
  i have black friends who identify as english , just as their parents and grandparents do . 
  they act like any other english person even though they 're skin colour is not the same as the majority of people in the country . 
  this topic has been brought up so many times , on reddit and in real life , and everyone ( still !!!!! ), 
  just keeps pointing fingers . 
  all sides had bad guys and good guys . 
  there is no ` best ' or ` least worse ' country that participated in the wars , all as bad as each other in my opinion . 
   first thing i hear from male circumcision defenders i 'm not defending it . 
  i said that i do n't agree with it , i just do n't think it 's right for you to say ` why the outrage for females and not males ' . 
  it would be far more horrible for a girl to be circumcised than it would be for me . 
  although i would not be able to give consent as a baby ( this is why it should be illegal too ) , i probably would n't give a shit now , whereas a female adult would still be deeply effected by it . 
  exactly , i do n't see how you could even compare the two , not that i agree with male circumcision . 
  i 've only lived in the south and i did spanish for 2 years and german for 1 . 
  i did n't do any language for gcse 's though . 
  i had quite a lot of friends do mandarin too , but none of them actually learnt it to an even basic standard really . 
  that should n't really be a problem for the individual students though . 
  i did spanish for 2 years and i can only remember the basics , but that 's not because other students studied french or german , it 's because i was n't taught it for that long . 
  students in europe wo n't stop studying english or another language until they leave school ( my dad managed to learn italian , german , swedish and english on top of croatian ) , although , they do have the advantage of their countries being a lot more ethnically mixed . 
  edit : sorry i misread your comment , did n't realise you were specifically talking about students who move schools . 
  either way , the amount of students who switch school in the first two years should n't really affect numbers in general . 
  i moved schools after year 8 and a language was n't mandatory for gcse students . 
  a bit of sugar and spice . 
  yeah , there would be so much controversy if there was a cod style game about the balkan wars . 
  but we vote for the party , not the leader . 
  i do n't like may , and i 'm definitely not a conservative , but i do n't think this is un-democratic . 
  you guys should join the uk, 
  could you explain why ? 
  i naturally thought the only outcome of this is that more people will register , meaning the referendum will better represent our views . 
  does it matter ? 
  how easy would it be for me to go and vote but say my name is my neighbours name , then come back in an hour and vote with my real name ? 
  somewhere does n't have to exist now for you to be from it , it jut had to exist when you were born . 
  my parents are from yugoslavia . 
  well that was fucking stupid . 
  not really , i do n't think either of are qualified to understand why transexuals have a high rate of suicide . 
  it could be because they were n't allowed to do it earlier , who knows . 
  it could be because they 've faced so much prejudice their whole lives . 
  bit different because heroin would be what was fucking them up . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  the difference here is that not allowing them to change early on would probably be more harmful to their minds than just allowing it . 
  speak to any trans person and they will tell you that they 've always known what gender they felt . 
  shit . 
  not really trying , just that i know a little because i have family in serbia and croatia and my parents speak it . 
  i should really try to learn it , but at the moment i can basically only say things that a 5 year old can : sladoled , jagoda , pivo etc. 
   that is incorrect izveni te :p i did n't even understand what the problem was in the beginning , it had to be pointed out to me . 
  does the fact that it 's life changing necessarily mean it 's bad though ? 
  you 've got to think about what 's best for the child , and if restricting their choice early on leads to problems for them later on , then surely this is a good idea ? 
  i do n't really know the correct answer for this , and i only have 1 trans friend but he says he knows he 's been a boy all his life , and that it 's the same for all trans people . 
  not sure why people in this thread seem to be opposed to this . 
  the child in the video clearly seems happy and obviously was n't before .
