  i have ( / had ? 
  ukraine situation straining relationships ) a friend who 's a citizen of russia and speaks russian as her first language , but yet she keeps insisting that she 's just \u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f\u043d\u043a\u0430 and not \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f because she 's actually karelian . 
  despite not knowing any karelian and not being at least visibly culturally different from the other russians i know . 
  yeah , it was . 
  finland 's not too sad about the breakaway though . 
   acknowledging one 's mistakes is always good pr though , i agree with you . 
   i do think that russia should apologize to finland for attempts of russiphication in early xx century ( if it did n't before ) and use it as a symbolic gesture against finland possibility of joining nato . 
  :d that 's not something an average finn would particularly care about , because it a ) failed and b ) was about a century ago . 
  if you did that , finns would probably just be like `` what ? '', 
  and most of eastern europe would be extremely pissed because you delivered such apologies to us and not to them , even though their russification was far more recently and successful . 
  they might even think we 're playing some game with you and start to think that we 're somehow suspicious . 
  ; _ ; not the best plan . 
  could you , as a russian , please explain me what the kremlin 's definition of `` russian '' actually is ? 
  is it based on citizenship , first language or genetic background ? 
  ( something i 've been wondering for a while , not really related to this topic ), 
  you love \u00c5land more than the rest of our country ? 
  that 's what we want you to think ... 
  i hear there 's a nice ikea in haparanda ? 
  and some finnish speakers living close by ? 
  hmm ... thanks ? 
  what 've we done to earn this honour ? 
  i said we 're not that fond of * that one swedish-speaking island * , not the whole country . 
  we 're very fond of our homeland , thanks . 
  no reunification . 
  ;p you 've never been to any of your neighboring countries ? 
  o_o shame on you . 
  i 'm only lacking norway . 
  mrrr ... nah , i do n't believe the general population of finland is * that * fond of that island anyway . 
  but not having any kind of an opinion on any of your neighbours gives kind of an ignorant impression of you . 
  have n't you even noticed our existence ?!, 
  why switzerland though ? 
  i can not into nordic ? 
  ; _ ; plus there 're still saamis in northern norway ? 
  and why 'd you hate them anyway ? 
  dafuq is with these borders ? 
  why are you stealing a half of my country ? 
   :( and what 's with northern sweden ? 
  you like bulgaria more than us ? 
  do the russians seriously believe that finland ( or sweden for that matter ) would attack russia or allow someone else to attack russia via finland/sweden ? 
  what benefits would we get from that ? 
  if we joined nato , it 'd be for defence , not to attack . 
  how would finland pursuing nato membership increase the support for it in sweden ? 
  ... i 'm finnish , i can not pronounce \u0449 ; _ ; i guess i 'll never be able to remove them . 
  a finn asking for the removal of vodka would n't sound sincere . 
  thank you for providing your point of view to the matter . 
  paldies . 
   what 's with the musical show though ? 
  does it concentrate on the fighting of 1918 then ? 
  i came across [ this ] ( http://en.tass.ru/world/754583 ) while reading tass . 
  one of putin 's reasonings ? 
  would you or any other latvian be willing to provide a propaganda-free version ? 
  i was under an impression that you did get citizenship automatically in the baltic states if you could prove that your ancestors lived there prior the occupation , regardless of your ethnicity ? 
  so the small portion of russians that actually has longer roots there should have gotten theirs quite easily . 
  this . 
  we fought against the ussr twice , once alone and then with the nazis . 
  we lost both times . 
  we have high respect for people who fought for our country during both wars . 
  it still does n't have anything to do with glorifying the nazis , it 's not like we wish they had managed to fullfil their plans or anything . 
  there 's no victory day for finns either , and i personally ca n't even see how there could have been as i do n't see how that war * could * have ended well for us . 
  so , instead of victory day , we remember our dead on our independence day , which is rather a gloomy celebration . 
  buying weapons ? 
  this is something i did know about . 
  but if it has been like this since 1991 , how is that * growing * neo-nazism ? 
  if honouring the people who fought against the red army during wwii on the side of germany makes you nazis , should n't they be more worried about the situation here than in latvia ? 
  war veterans are generally respected here and wwii is usually the main thing recalled on the independence day . 
  i do n't know much about the politics in the baltic states . 
  what the fuck is he even referring to ? 
  1899 was still in the 19th century , and most of the other paintings in this topic were from the late 19th century too anyway . 
  ten years ' difference is not that massive . 
  plus the russification period was an important part of the grand duchy time that you were talking about . 
  anyway , i checked your message history and as these days i already have 87 % of our biggest neighbour 's population to argue with , i 'd rather not rise it to 100 % . 
  you do have a point about the autonomy granted by the russian empire providing a better environment for this kind of stuff to happen than there was ever before that . 
  but i would n't really give alexander i or the russian empire the biggest credit for `` creating finland as a country '' , as while they did provide the surroundings , the biggest share was done by the people themselves , affected by the nationalism that was very much alive in europe at the time . 
  it 's not like russia * wanted * to create a distinct nation that would eventually want to leave russia . 
  more like , a culturally & linguistically distinct finland + nationalism popular in europe --  the russian empire starts trying to russify us . 
  but none of this actually matters as this thread is supposedly about * finnish * art from the 19th century . 
  we 're a small nation , let us have one thread about our art for just that . 
  if you want to talk about russian/finnish history , get a thread of your own , \u0441\u043e\u0441\u0435\u0434 . 
  [ oh yeah , grand duchy time affected the art here . 
  ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/hy%c3%b6kk%c3%a4ys#mediaviewer/file:suomineito.jpg ), 
  * steals the wallpaper * it 's now on my desktop too , veli :3, 
  where have you seen these riots ? 
  and rf does n't crush diverse nations and cultures under the same bland , conservative slavic oligarchy that dominates a big part of eurasia ? 
  well , there are also finns who make the effort to learn swedish , but  sort of sleep through the classes year after year , and then just use english when they go to denmark is the most common option here . 
  i personally did try , at least more than the others in the classroom . 
  thanks !, 
  i need to try this soon , 
  please do share your instructions  i like iced coffee , even though october is probably not the most favorable month for it . 
  what other reasons are there for danish to be mandatory in icelandic schools than common history and retaining a connection to scandinavia ? 
  it 's interesting that the attitudes against learning swedish/danish are so different . 
  although yeah , your reasoning makes sense . 
  even though the idea of finland being particularly big compared to anything is a bit silly . 
  ;p russians at times laugh at our country being so small , our population is about the same as that of saint petersburg alone , but hey , there are more people in helsinki than in the whole of iceland ... :d i guess the relationship between danish and icelandic might be comparable to that between finnish and estonian . 
  not completely sure though . 
  few people here even try to learn estonian , it 's not * that * useful . 
  the languages are not mutually intelligible , i can not understand estonian , but many words are almost the same and the grammars are similar . 
  often if you present me an estonian sentence i can not understand what it means but if you translate it i 'm like `` oh yeah , i should have seen that . '', 
  :p we do n't even read kalle anka , it 's aku ankka that 's the thing here . 
  in my opinion it 's actually a pity how little cultural exchange there is between finland and scandinavia ... everything is so us-centered these days . 
  hopefully not .
