  that 'd mean that i 'd fall asleep during the first lecture every day ... 
  i read about this too :( sweden , why ? 
  is the danish language present in the everyday life of icelanders then ? 
  one of the main reasons people do n't really learn swedish is that it is not . 
  you ca n't learn a language if only time you ever hear it is in the classroom a couple of hours a week for a couple of years . 
  : / moving to sweden to study is not that common a habit here , although not anything unheard of . 
  retaining a connection to scandinavia is also one of the reasons of mandatory swedish here . 
  with the neighbours we have , it 's always good to have small things hinting of your orientation in the world . 
  :p finnish is not even remotely related to the nordic languages though . 
  haha , the swedish rule over finland until 1809 does cause some negative feelings towards swedish among our students too , even though the period of time is kind of poorly covered at our schools . 
   the ordinary student has always had to study 4 languages does this work well then ? 
  here we have a constant debate on the mandatority of swedish , and one of the main arguments against it is that it reduces the amount of other languages people learn . 
  here only 3 are mandatory ( usually finnish + english + swedish ) and not that many bother to take a fourth one . 
  are there people who e.g. 
  oppose mandatory danish there ? 
  true . 
  my swedish is poor but i 've managed to understand the main points when e.g. 
  trying to read some norwegian newspapers . 
  i could n't write/speak any myself though . 
  and the biggest problem is that most people here learn swedish even less than me . 
  it 's not useful and if you do n't use a language , you forget even the little you learned at school . 
  sweden , finland and ... ? 
  the previous dude underestimated the number of people knowing swedish , you seem to have expanded the disribution of swedish quite a lot . 
  that 's not really a comparable situation . 
  swedish is one of the national languages of finland . 
   therefore it 's mandatory for all ( which i think is dumb but w/e ) . 
  in comparison , russian is n't even available as an optional foreign language in many schools ( it 's studied only by a couple of percents of the population ) and i 've never even heard of any school offering norwegian/estonian . 
  there may be some in the nourth/south but they are * extremely * rare . 
  besides , i use english when communicating with swedes . 
  yeah , i 've heard that in the 19th century the glorious tsar of the * russian * empire came to his grand dutchy of * finland * and gave speeches in * french * from which it was translated into * swedish * for the people . 
  swedish is also a mandatory subject in finnish schools , even though a big part of the population never really learns it . 
  still , you should get your numbers up . 
  i thought poroshenko was talking about the teaching of a second language ? 
  no one is planning to ban russian as the first language at school ? 
  yeah , true . 
  practically everyone takes english here , usually as a second language but in some cases as a third one . 
  it 's not mandatory though , people just realize that the kids are screwed if they do n't learn it . 
  the only language written as obligatory in the curriculum is swedish . 
  ( for a finnish-speaking person , if we exclude finnish itself ) hmph . 
  if you win , i shall just sulk and drink , not talk to you . 
  ;p we did better than you in the last world championships though !, 
  depends on where you live . 
  there have been many occasions in my life where it would have been useful to know it . 
  instead i had to learn swedish :p ( nothing against svenska , it 's just even less useful than russian ), 
  oh , you should take being called finno-ugric as a compliment . 
  we 're awesome . 
   we consider ourselves rather european though , and russians as non-finno-ugric , thank you very much . 
  `` russified finn-ugrians '' would probably be a fitting term for the karelians , ingrians etc. 
  of these days . 
  do you have any source for this ? 
  would be interesting to read . 
  kievan rus might work as an excuse to claim that ukrainians are the `` true russians '' . 
  still do n't understand how russians would be `` finns and estonians '' though . 
  rurik was a viking . 
  or is it simply because of that haplogroup thing ? 
   insist that ukrainians are true russians , while russians are in fact finns and estonians . 
  so , you guys drink almost as much as us and the russians put together . 
  that 's one hell of an achievement , veli . 
  we drink anything we can afford . 
  how 's the consumption calculated ? 
  do the estonians really drink that much , or is our help included ? 
  we beat both you and the svennes !, 
  the most common names among the finnish-speaking population and the most common names among the swedish-speaking population ? 
  what 's so ridiculous about tmt ? 
  whereas in finland , which was a part of sweden most of that time , those years are hardly mentioned at all ... 
  do we get free liquor and wider sidewalks if we join ? 
   and finland . 
  nawwww . 
  you 're also our favourite colonizer . 
   russian hey !, 
  there 'll be quite a lot of gender involved if i know my western neighbour , 
  are we in too if we steal children from russian mothers and then torture them in concentration camps ? 
  and finland and estonia will finally be united ... under the rule of the swedish overlords . 
  we could make an offer to norway that we can choose norwegian if they and their oil join . 
  are there other sources for this ? 
  or a russian confirmation ? 
  this just sounds too absurd to be true . 
   the ** russian ** orthodox church has always been subservient to the state . 
  even under ussr , the clergy co-operated with those in power . 
  hell , their last patriarch was a kgb informant from his seminary days onwards . 
  ftfy . 
  one of our national churches is an orthodox one , but it is not `` subservient to the state '' , especially not to russia . 
  no need to overgeneralize . 
   the only european non-nato country bordering russia , not counting ukraine i 'm nitpicking , i know , but technically belarus exists, 
  mono for a ski boot, 
  ah , okay , my bad . 
  and apparently rimi baltic was originally ica 's co-operation with the finnish kesko , until the swedes bought kesko 's share too . 
  dammit sweden , always buying other people 's stores . 
  quite a few yeah , pretty much one in every city , the bigger cities have several . 
  personally i do n't go there that often though because the closest one is much further away than the closest k-citymarket . 
  :p btw if the rimi you 're talking about is [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rimi_baltic ) it 's apparently swedish and not norwegian . 
  how about our prisma ? 
  :( you have those in latvia , right ? 
  it pretty much applies to the russians too , so i ca n't see where your communication problems stem from . 
  downhills , on the other hand , are nice because you can just roll . 
   even as a part of the russian empire , the baltic states had by far the biggest literacy rates . 
  [ hmmm ...  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pu7wb4p.jpg ) unless , of course , you count us as a ` baltic state ' too , which in this time frame might not be entirely incorrect . 
   starting from the first of september 2016 , swedish will start already from 6th grade how do they organize the teachers for this ? 
  few primary school teachers are able to teach swedish . 
  genetically yes , but what do you mean when you say we 're `` culturally very different '' ?
