have to retract my statement . 
  i just checked and the persons actually arrived from within slovenia . 
  i apologize for the false information that i 've stated unchecked . 
  my mistake . 
  i 'm not faulting that . 
  i 'm just saying it 's puzzling to put a fence towards slovenia while hungary itself does not abide to the rules . 
  and again - i understand hungary and actually do n't mind the fence if it gives hungary the security it needs . 
  it just sucks that we ( includes se europe starting from greece ) have to deal with this mess that we did not create and the most we can hope for is the media does not lynch us . 
  while the rest of europe speaks of humanism and how it should be . 
  would be nice if they actively helped instead of just being smarta ** es . 
  ca n't specify unfortunately . 
  the numbers rather speak in the direction that it was an organized thing . 
  i 'm just telling you . 
  most are just put on buses and transferred to austrian borders . 
  well that 's fine - it 's their border and i see no problem in them putting anything they want on it . 
  but they should hold us to the same standards they apply  the current wave from croatia is mostly transported unchecked to austria . 
  ~ ~ actually there were 550 refugees sent from hungary to slovenia last week . 
  so it 's a bit puzzling altogether . ~ ~ edit : wrong information , sorry . 
  agreed . 
  there is however the irony that we 're letting people pass through our borders as if they did n't exist . 
  all of them have the option to legally enter across the border and request asylum . 
  but the point is they do n't want to . 
  they want to do in germany . 
  so we 're in a vice in regards to what to do with them . 
  thus far we 've managed to register all refugees passing through slovenia , but considering that the number was rather low i doubt we will be able to do so once the 10k/day flow is directed solely towards our border . 
  one problem i foresee for all of the transit countries is what happens when germany finally closes the borders . 
  and this will happen - it 's just a question when exactly . 
  these people will be stuck in the transit countries . 
  i do n't see anyone with a plan what to do next . 
  one solution i see but that our eu will not actually embrace ( or after it 's too late ) is multinational forces helping to protect outer borders . 
  but the speed with which our dearest eu moves this will probably happen way too late if at all . 
  i understand that , and i 'm not even angry at hungary . 
  protecting your own borders . 
  being the outer borders of schengen it 's only logical to do so to actually fulfill their task . 
  you do realize that the border between hungary and slovenia are both in schengen and as such this border is not a `` schengen border '' . 
  anyway . 
  after 25 years of steady progress it takes but a bunch of refugees to negate the progress we 've made in the mean time . 
  wake up eu . 
  it 's all slowly falling apart , and i do n't like the feeling . 
  mama merkel , what do you say ? 
  screw europe to appear humanistic some more ? 
  well , i can just say that this blockade was not just against holder of serbian passports or vehicles with serbian numberplates . 
  a friend of mine spent several hours ( 5 + ) stuck at bajakovo-batrovci today while returning from serbia . 
  for a time only vehicles with croatian numberplates were let into croatia and the rest was left to wait . 
  after a while the remaining cars were slowly let through ( his words : we 're moving at a pace of 10 metres an hour ) . 
  and no , he is neither a serbian passport holder nor did his vehicle have a serbian numberplate . 
  at least this time we know the reason did n't originate in the balkans , 
   i do despise economic migrants masquerading as such though . 
  like this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvrdddkc6k0 refugees , right . 
  there is a small percentage of refugees arriving , but if you ask me - the people that need help are the ones that are in the camps in turkey , in lebanon and in jordan - those who ca n't afford to pay several thousand euros for the trip . 
  and actually rewarding the people who have wilfully ignored laws , borders and reward them - well , i do n't know what message we 're trying to send to people in need . 
  it 's fine if you ignore the laws while you 're coming . 
  we 're sure you 'll start behaving once you arrive here . 
  again . 
  we should help people in true need , not the loudest and certainly not the most aggressive people . 
  but , alas ... 
  from slovenia 's data it 's currently mostly iraqis and syrians ( both around 35 % ) and approximately 25 % afghanistanis . 
  i presume this is only people with documents . 
  you know . 
  usually it makes to sense to work out a plan with your partners , who this plan will affect , before you decide to invite people in . 
  and yes , i 'm pro quotas , even though mrs. merkel did it in the opposite order . 
   but i do n't understand why people who respect the rule of law are treated badly by your bureaucracy but you accept any non-identified scumbag without a visa ??!!!, 
  that is what we 're all wondering . 
  an honest thank you for helping the rather incompetent eu . 
  i just wish our leaders would have the sense in helping you out dealing with the crisis . 
  you are letting them in . 
  you are not doing what you 're supposed to do . 
  you are whining that the rest tries to follow some order . 
  and you are offloading the problem you created onto others and whining all the way . 
  can you travel without valid travel documents into neighbouring countries ? 
  how come your country allows them in without any clue who they are or where they are from ? 
  and btw - until you apologize this is my last reply to you . 
  oh but i 'm not speaking about their government . 
  they 're fully aware what they 're doing . 
  it 's their electorate that i ca n't comprehend . 
  they 're the ones that keep on voting such people in . 
  so wait . 
  if they say that laws do n't apply to them we should honor this ? 
  i ca n't follow this school of logic . 
  the law applies to them as well as it does to anyone . 
  seriously . 
  i really do n't know what to say to you any more . 
  yeah . 
  we 're the hypocrites . 
  we 're smuggling people by trainloads to hungary and our policemen are actively helping people illegally cross borders . 
   you are wrong about the shah and iran . 
  my mistake . 
  i guess i brain farted there  but the ayatollahs are in charge precisely because we again meddled there by removing mossadegh back in '48 and installed a `` friendly face '' . 
  that is true . 
  but once germany closes it 's borders ( and i do think they 're close to that ) we 'll all be stuck with the refugees we have . 
  that is precisely why we both need to actively blockade the border as much as we can and return everyone without paperwork to where they came from . 
  trust me . 
  serbia wo n't allow more of them in once they realize they 've suddenly received 10000 people back from croatia . 
  it was in progress , but the key question is how much of the initial surge of this uprising was again helped by foreign entities . 
  frankly , i ca n't see lybia staying a single state the way things are at the moment ) . 
  the task that the west was tasked with was to maintain a no-fly zone . 
  for the life of me i ca n't imagine how this no-fly zone mandate includes disabling gaddafi 's motorcade by attacking it . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  lybia was a tribal society .
