  * poof * tribal leader gone ( helped by the west of course ) and chaos ensues . 
  it was predictable . 
  it takes time to get to democracy . 
  you ca n't jam democracy down peoples throats that are not used to it . 
  they need to want it themselves . 
  the problem is that by removing gaddafi and the old establishment a void was created that has been filled by many bad things ( tm ) . 
  still . 
  i 'm strongly against the west meddling anywhere else unless such help is requested by a majority of the directly affected people or unless our own security is affected ( and i do n't mean `` potential threats '' , `` maybe existant wmds '' ) - but certainly never out of economic interest . 
  it 's like we do n't get it . . taliban ? 
  proxy war ussr-usa in afghanistan . 
  iran and the ayatollahs ? 
  well we just had to support the iranian revolution and remove the shah . 
  isis ? 
  well . 
  iraq had this giant stockpile of invisible wmds that we 're bound to find any day now . 
  we 're the creator of our own misery . 
  ( and this `` we '' is a very relative term - but since the fallout affects all of us too , i 'll use the word . ), 
  dude . 
  the heck are we doing to croatia . 
  croatia knew it ca n't relay them on but as said previously your pm was a loud mouth and now he is dumping the refugees to his neighbors . 
  you 've actually managed ( again ) to ignore eu law again and refuse to take back refugees without any documents that will get stuck in slovenia . 
  you aware that croatia is bound by dublin iii to register them ? 
  i understand that . 
  but ffs - get them to a refugee center . 
  if they request asylum they are free to roam around and if they disappear over the green border no one can blame you . 
  once the police actively starts helping them it just gets fuzzy . 
   i do still think that removing gaddafi was the right thing to do . 
  why was it the right thing to do ? 
  not baiting . 
  trying to understand . 
  i thought it was an especially bad idea - after 9/11 and everything happened the west had learned the lession that meddling around in the middle east causes problems down the line ? 
  there 's a funny connection between libya , syria and france though ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/9577628/bashar-al-assad-betrayed-col-gaddafi-to-save-his-syrian-regime.html and the world keeps on turning ... 
  fully agree . 
  it would help for a clear message from within the eu that none of the people illegally crossing borders will be accepted and that this may actually harm their asylum request , which can be accepted only from the first safe country on the way from syria . 
  but the eu is silent once again . 
  they will meet on wednesday when probably all dams will already have been breached and the ghost will escape his bottle . 
  the problem is that the west is obviously not capable of understanding that there are societies out there where democracy does not work . 
  gaddafi was bad , but he kept the lid on worse things . 
  better the devil you know i guess . 
  add to that mix that many of the factions in syria are foreign funded ( with some even foreign controlled ) . 
  as usual . 
  no argument , just baiting . 
  sorry , wo n't entertain you . 
  your government let them in . 
  and still watches them come in with plan `` b '' currently in action ( whatever that might be ) . 
  they could 've been returned to serbia if they do not request asylum . 
  trust me , your government knows that very well . 
  but your pm is on his election campaign and this brings him the exposure he so desperately seeks . 
  are you guys really thick ? 
  there are friggin ' laws in the eu . 
  while we try to obey them , your politicians are circumventing them wherever they can . 
  the border is closed because we are bound by eu law to keep it closed and secure . 
  not because we do n't like you . 
  and yes , every single one that made it into slovenia has been registered . 
  unlike in croatia . 
  http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/hrvatski-policajci-izbjeglice-usmjeravaju-na-ilegalni-prijelaz-jednoj-zeni-pozlilo/842837.aspx croatian policement directing refugees to an illegal border crossing . 
  sad that the enforcers of the law help break the law . 
  they have registered ( from what i 've read ) less than 2000 refugees from the 17000 they have let in . 
  the issue with slovenia not letting them in is following the bloody eu laws . 
  want me to find you the quotes for my statement about croatia just giving up registering them ? 
  fits in here . 
  http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/hrvatski-policajci-izbjeglice-usmjeravaju-na-ilegalni-prijelaz-jednoj-zeni-pozlilo/842837.aspx `` croatian policement directing refugees to an illlegal crossing '' ( towards hungary for the time being . 
  i have no doubt they 'll `` help '' us next ) . 
  we had joint patrols with croatians on the schengen border . 
  yesterday evening the croat policemen went full passive mode ( obviously command from higher up ) and are not doing anything . 
  they do not help stopping illegal immigrants , they are just there to work their hours . 
  `` 09:40 `` there was no agreement with hungary . 
  we forced them to accept the refugees by sending people up there , and we will continue to do that . 
  '' , milanovi\u0107 said to journalists in beli manastir . '', 
  so i guess that resolves the issue about an agreement . 
  the masks finally fall . 
  croatia , as well as slovenia , had the legal obligation to register the `` refugees '' and return them to serbia if they do not request asylum . 
  all withing their legal right . 
  but no . 
  your pm has to play the humanist for the local populace as part of his election campaign and expect someone else to do his dirty work . 
  nice going there bro . 
  i 'm not even surprised . 
  and this is the exact tone why slovenia and croatia will never see eye to eye . 
  you do n't talk with anyone , you expect them to do as you wish ( talking about your politicians , but it fits well for you too ) . 
  have you seen anyone calling croatia scumbag in this thread ? 
  you have a bunch of very dirty politicians , but that 's about it . 
  you do n't get it do you ? 
  every country on the route needs to block it . 
  or at least try . 
  it was your government that went on a power trip and took them in and as usual someone else has to bathe that out . 
  also . 
  your last post reeked of you having problems with slovenians and this one just confirms it . 
  my problem with croatia is the sole fact that you guys breach every agreement you ever sign . 
  yes , i know many normal people in croatia , but what your government does is pure populism to entertain the masses . 
  even what they 've done now comes over as milanovi\u0107 's self promotion on the world stage . 
  `` look , i 'm a humanist . 
  i 'm gon na help them ! '', 
  ... a day later `` ah forget it . 
  i 'll just dump them on my neighbour 's doorstep . '' . 
  and oh yes rules . 
  from what i gather we are within our right to block you from entering schengen . 
  considering you got into the eu by agreeing to the arbitration which you then promptly ended . 
  ( and that our idiots helped you in this endeavor is also true ) . 
  but we can debate this topic somewhere else . 
  i wonder if you would 've brought this up if you had n't seen my flair .
