  does she expect the flow of the refugees to subside ? 
  or ... maybe , just maybe , the flow will intensify ? 
  i 'm all for helping them - but not permanently resettle them within the eu . 
  help them financially , help turkey with their financial burden of the refugee influx . 
  that way there is a high probability of them moving back home once the conflict ends and it 's safe to do so . 
  and one more question . 
  should n't the parties responsible for : a ) meddling in the middle east ( and north africa ) b ) currently financing one side in the conflict also be responsible for the fallout ? 
  i certainly do n't see them stepping up to the plate . 
  there 's a difference between `` za dom '' ( for the homeland ) and `` za dom - spremni '' ( for the homeland - ready ) whereby the last part ( spremni/ready ) is usually bellowed by the fruitcakes . 
  i think you got that wrong . 
  while yugoslavia was communist it was not of the soviet flavor and never aligned with the ussr even after stalin keeled over . 
  no travel limitations whatsoever ( iirc unless you were military ) . 
  freedom of speech was curtailed ( when political in nature and nonconformist ) , nationalism was under wraps , freedom of religion was curtailed only for the orthodox communists  ( ie : people in function ) . 
  yugoslavia was pretty liberal in it 's nature as long as you did n't rock the boat . 
  probably safe to say the average slovenian gets more religious as he gets older ... 
  i have this little theory that we 're just playing it safe :d, 
  oddly enough ... a serbian friend said that for the best leskova\u010dki ro\u0161tilj not to go to leskovac - it seems the best grillers are everywhere but there  alas , i have yet to have a bad culinary experience in serbia :d, 
  38 comments and no balkanese ?!, 
  first the eternal classics , which will be understood quite perfectly across the whole of ex-yu . 
  `` jebo ti pas mater '' - may a dog fuck your mother '' [ mr\u0161 u ... ] pi\u010dku materinu '' - [ go ] into your mother 's pussy and for the lovers of the slightly exotic ... ( rarely used , but generally hilarious ) `` dabogda te majka u \u0107evapu prona\u0161la '' - may your mother find you in a \u0107evap . 
  supposedly during the wars in the 90s this was popular ... `` dabogda ti ku\u0107a bila na cnn-u '' - may your house be on cnn ( well , typically they wo n't show an intact one ... ) i presume several volumes of balkanese curses could be written . 
  and just for the end - the worst ever slovenian curse ... `` tristo hudi\u010dev '' ... 300 devils !, 
  or to compare visually ... http://www.mladina.si/media/www/slike.old/clanki/200046/psovke_display.jpg so , there :d, 
  much as i am aware this will most probably cost us again ( like that coincidence with medvedev 's visit last year and pirangate ) . 
  it 's the centennary commemoration for a group of people that were instrumental ( and this under forced labour conditions ) in building the highest pass in this country and of which many people have lost their lives . 
  so this invitation is quite appropriate ( even though i dislike putin and his methods ) and the detractors can go sit in the corner :p, 
  according to page 11 of [ this ] ( http://www.mint.hr/userdocsimages/081015-rujan2015-1.pdf ) slovenians made up for 10,55 % of all overnight stays in the period from january to september 2015 . 
  far from being 1/3 , but not too shabby , 
  you forget the [ scooter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxijcfvds0e ) !, 
   merkel is just choosing to ignore the constitution she annoys me to no end with her flip-flopping . 
  from where i 'm sitting she 's totally undecisive and whenever something goes wrong in her plans she blames someone else . 
  from what i hear from my german friends there 's no real alternative to her as far as popularity goes , so i guess eu will need to keep up with her unless it falls apart sooner than her mandate ends . 
  good to hear this then . 
  my sources were a few friends living in lendava . 
   germany has made very clear what it wants from a beginning : a fair sharing of the refugee burden . 
  while a fair request , it would have been nice from germany to ask it 's partners whether they agree to this assinine plan to wildly take anyone who makes it across several european borders ilegally ? 
  yes , i 'm for shared burden , but you need to realize that let 's say 25,000 refugees for us is a lot and will be hard to handle in all aspects . 
  financially we 're teetering on the edge already . 
  now we 'll get 25,000 refugees that have 0 chance to learn the language ( good luck ) , 0 chance to get a job ( where from ? 
  there 's skyrocket unemployment here ) , 0 chance to integrate . 
  so in the end it 's just a financial burden , that we 'll struggle hard to cope with . 
   germany went ahead and took more than it had to germany had to take in diddly squat , since the refugees became economic migrants once they cross the turkish-greek border . 
  germany decided it wants to go all humanistic on europe . 
  germany can handle it - it 's doing well financially . 
  there are quite a few countries in the eu , who are not as lucky . 
   germany can not forever carry the cost of the eu while all the others only focus on what they can get from the eu . 
  we 're all trying to work on this together . 
  did n't the whole eu chip in in the greek bailout ? 
  ( and that money did n't end up in greece but was used to repay some bad debt that greece had from a few eu banks ... and you know they were n't based in the eastern eu ) . 
  the problem is that decisions need to be made mutually , and not taken arbitrarily by a member who then forces everyone else to join in . 
  no clue ( ca n't find any source ) , but lendava has been filling up quite nicely these past few days . 
   it goes both ways : whatever germany decides , everyone else will complain ;-) there is your problem . 
  germany decides and the rest has to deal with it . 
  this whole mess has been going like this . 
  how about some eu-style cooperation where everyone is on the same page ? 
  currently the non-german rest has to keep up with whatever germany decides ( and then catches flak from the german press for doing so ) . 
   sooner or later it becomes inevitable that there is a closed border . 
  either national or mainland schengen . 
  this has been clear to everyone . 
  so why ca n't we make this clear once and for all . 
  baba vanga is dead , so we ca n't predict how many germany takes in per day in advance . 
  it would be great if germany could tell ahead how many people it can accept so we can do this in an organized fashion . 
  we 're currently stuck with a bunch of `` refugees '' that austria rejected and croatia wo n't take . 
  the problem is that no one is exactly certain what germany wants . 
  a ) keep the borders open at all costs !, 
  accept every refugee . 
  b ) but we 're taking 2500 a day from austria so what the heck is the rest supposed to go once spring comes and we get into 10k/day numbers again ? 
  distribute the 7500 a day along the balkan route ? 
  they 're not headed into any country on the balkan route ( or austria for that matter ) - they want to reach germany . 
  so could germany finally decide whether it wants them or not and stick by that decision ? 
  from where i stand no matter what we do germany complains . 
  `` close the border '' - `` you ca n't do that !, 
  this is inhumane ! '', 
  `` limit refugees to 2500/day . '', 
  - `` you ca n't do that !, 
  you ca n't limit them ! '', 
  `` well , then let 's everyone cross . '', 
  - `` good !, 
  but we 're taking 2500/day . '', 
  due to work in progress taxiway b south closed between f and r. taxiway r closed between a and b and diverted via new green centreline and blue edge lighting . 
  caution advised . 
  did not check wiki ( or google for that matter ) . 
  bosnia : dubioza kolektiv ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a ) serbia : s.a.r.s. 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8ms56gx-tc ) catalunya : beth ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crlc-lshpsa ) from the more exotic ones ... ;-), 
  so basically we 're the problem in regards to schengen ? 
  fine . 
  throw us out . 
  disillusioned with the whole eu mess as it is anyway . 
  we put up walls to secure the schengen border and we 've discreetly been shat at . 
  we let people through and we 're shat at . 
  so what exactly does mrs. merkel want ? 
  does she know what she wants at least ? 
  can she state it clear for once what her giant plan is ? 
  maybe because the melody is the same as hej slaveni/hej slovani ? 
  i wish more politicians of today had his integrity and pragmatism . 
  alas , we 're left with what remains . 
  err ... 4 million czk from what i gather - some 147.600 $, 
  add to that the following institutions from who you need permits to build anything : - defense ministry - environment and land ministry - if you are unlucky enough to be in a nature park they also have a say in the matter and will provide you with a list of protected species that live on said land and make provisions they wo n't be harmed . 
  takes a couple of months to get all the paperwork to build anything ^ ^ ( and yes , i 've built in a nature park and needed a friggin encyclopedia to figure out that a `` striped bear '' was a moth - coscinia striata ) . 
  would be hilarious if it was n't sad .
