   i mean it 's not like slovenia actually sends anyone back not meeting the criteria of a genuine refugee well in the first small wave ( while hungary was still open ) people without proper identification were to be returned to croatia . 
  guess what ... croatia would not accept them although they undoubtedly came from croatia . 
  there were also joint schengen patrols between croatian and slovenian policemen . 
  croatia stopped doing those . 
  they just do n't care . 
  agreements are like the ribbentrop-molotov act ... just an intermediate phase until something better pops up . 
  you know - it would be helpful if the sds would be for once be constructive while it 's in the opposition . 
  i 've stopped voting because it 's the same crap on the left and the right - same old faces , same old routines that in the end it never ends well for the populace . 
  i also do n't buy in the ours/yours mentality that is so popular in this country . 
  going into such extremes that sds controlled entities only work with other sds controlled entities . 
  ( and the same goes for the left ) . 
  they should really grow up and actually have an opinion - not to have an anti-opinion of anything the left proposes just for the sake of it . 
  all of them are registered . 
  all . 
  we are not shipping them in the middle of the night to the green border and showing them the way . 
  could you not bash if you do n't have any grounds for it ? 
  you are aware that they are not arrested and we ca n't curtail the freedom of movement within slovenia ? 
  we are doing our best to keep them from crossing over to austria and it 's absolutely not fair to shit on us for this . 
  and btw . 
  from what i 've also heard from austrian news this group of 2000 refugees also broke through the austrian border patrols . 
  not like 20 ( or 50 ) policement can hold down a mob of 2000 . 
  i do n't expect those listening to here to be either legal experts or have access to a legal expert . 
  her statement can be as ambigous as her `` invitation '' was . 
  ( yes i know , she did n't invite them per se , but unfortunately the recipients understood it as an invitation ) . 
  it 's a start or an attempt to curb the onslaught . 
  it 's definitely a better strategy than pretending nothing is going on . 
  we 've received in excess of 20,000 people since friday . 
  small number , right . 
  now scale that to the size of germany and it 's the equivalent of 800,000 people arriving in 4 days . 
  see my point ? 
  saw a report from western africa a few days ago where people there are now considering travelling to germany if it 's obviously accepting everyone . 
  they do n't care that merkel said only syrians . 
  they hear what they want to hear . 
  so i fully expect her for once to make a clear statement to curb the flow . 
  we 've got plenty of instruments at hand ... 
  but one should be enough to establish some sort of order on the route : - anyone caught ilegally crossing any eu border on the way to eldora ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ h ^ hgermany will be immediately rejected and his asylum request denied . 
  he forfeits the option for another asylum request for the next 36 months . 
  it ca n't go on the way it is going on at the moment . 
  maybe the first step of this braindead plan would be for mutti to step in front of the cameras and loudly say `` we will not accept anyone until we get the situation under control and even then only on our terms . '', 
  but i expect pink ducks to start raining before she takes responsibility for her actions . 
   the eu was supposed to keep the peace , not provide a casus belli . 
  you know . 
  there is a line in the sand and once someone keeps treading over it too frequently it 's hard to remain calm . 
  would you call it actions of a friendly eu neighbor who you agree with 3 border checkpoint where refugees will be accepted who then in the middle of the night dumps 900 people onto other checkpoints ? 
  would you call moving a train with 1200 refugees to within 200m of the border and then telling the refugees that they can either stay in croatia or ... well ... do whatever they want . 
  ( for some odd reason those 1200 actually did n't storm the green border ) . 
  friendliness needs to come from both sides . 
  i 'm just fed up that every single agreement we 've ever had with the croats ends up like that . 
  yes , this is the balkans . 
  but with this way we 'll never ever get anywhere . 
  see . 
  that 's the problem . 
  everything is a `` game '' for croatia . 
  how can we f * someone over . 
  tonight we had 300 dumped at razkri\u017eje-\u0160trigova , 300 at dobovec-lupinjak and 300 at gibina-bukovje . 
  contrary again to the agreement where the refugees/immigrants will be transferred to . 
  frankly . 
  your government should either resign or just declare war finally so we can get this sh ** over with . 
  ca n't really stand what you guys are doing permanently . 
  you ca n't even debate anything on / r without your inane cheap shots we 've all heard a thousand times . 
  for once - either say out loud what you want to say and stop being the perma-croats that only have the balls to say something behind your back - or dump refugees wherever you god damn want . 
   croatia will keep busing them to the green border . 
  welp . 
  not green border per se , but they 're going against what was agreed and are shipping them to smaller border crossings where there 's no infrastructure to receive them . 
  unofficially we 've learned that at the border crossing banfi near \u0160trigova ( razkri\u017eje on slovenain side ) 300 emmigrants from 6 buses did however manage to cross the border . 
  croatia , thy friendly neighbour . 
  great city . 
  probably my favorite in the balkans and easily in the top 5 worldwide ... 
  always enjoy driving past the genex towers ( well , in the direction of the city centre :d ) . 
  absolutely worth visiting ( repeatedly ) . 
  where 's the story there ? 
  from what i understand these cars passed the emission tests as designed . 
  it is however normal that the cars will emit more in real life conditions . 
  you test it at around 1500 rpm ( iirc ) , yet you cruise at 3000 rpm ... does anyone seriously believe that the emissions will stay at the same level ? 
  that is all fine and nice . 
  she can slam us all she wants . 
  we 've just gone through a giant economic crisis , which i 'm certain she has n't really felt . 
  and yes , we 'll accept those refugees she has decided we need to take ( although with a sour aftertaste considering the decision was very ... ahem ... democratic ) . 
  how about she considers that we have many people who have trouble making ends meet , who ca n't find a job and have to make ends meet with 0-350 $ a month ( and no , i 'm not kidding ) ? 
  i would actually prefer to help our own people who are on the edge of survival before we start shipping in foreign problems ^ ^, 
  we ca n't make a deal with the russians . 
  no south stream for you !, 
  now , where was i ... oh right , let 's expand the north stream . 
  ( yeah , annoys me to no end also ) . 
  maybe that if a product is labelled as ` superextra foodstuff ' it needs to have identical composition across the supposed ` single market ' and not vary according to the geolocation of the market ? 
  if the procedure then feels that they can sell an eastern version of it they should at least rename it to ` superextra foodstuff - cheap edition ' ... 
  yay . 
  stratfor can use http://www.flightradar24.com/ ... / s, 
  '' \u0160to da ti ka\u017eem kada ionako nema\u0161 novca , da ide\u0161 sa nama '' ... my guess  but then again - i am a native prekmurian speaker . 
  people who have never experienced such pettiness will not understand it . 
  i still remember it . 
  that is why it would be more advice for spain to ease up - does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that oppression on such levels will lead to more and more discontent and measures will be taken that will not be easily reversible . 
  worth mentioning for the catalan benefit - going the unilateral secession path will bring upon a lot of unexpected hardships . 
  dialogue is the only way - but as-is i do n't see a lot of willingness for this coming from the spanish side . 
  just chiming in with you . 
  it might not be the best idea , and the people probably underestimate how much of an effect such a move will have on all spheres of life ( political , economical for starters ) . 
  but if it 's their choice , they have my full support . 
  this . 
  yugoslavia in the 80s : slovenia 's schools have 2 hours of serbocroatian in their curriculum . 
  rest-of-yugoslavia has 0 hours of slovenian in their curriculum .
