  could 've spared yourself the last sentence though . 
  your stance basically follows your government . 
  it 's not about neighbots being offended . 
  it 's about the rules . 
  if everyone rolls over we 'll have a few million migrants in the eu by the end of the year . 
  it needs to stop somewhere . 
  and no country that realizes it ca n't pass the buck on will let more refugees in . 
  and only this can stop the influx . 
  also from what i 've seen and comparing them to true refugees from the balkan wars ... if they 're refugees i 'm the friggin ' pope . 
  `` 15:07 23 buses with police escort have arrived at the hungarian border . 
  upto now 1700 refugees were brought to the border . '', 
  you might rethink your statement . 
  okay . 
  reputation . 
  what do you think your reputation will be like at your primary tourist market when you accept a 100,000 refugees headed for it ? 
  okay . 
  let me fix that . 
  i understand you ca n't control the border 100 % . 
  but those  14k in this past day and a half rather tells me noone is really trying : /, 
  so what 's the plan ? 
  accept everyone and dump them on us and hungary ? 
  how about at least trying to secure the border a bit ? 
  there 's loads of them in serbia still , and waves following those will come after if we all just pass the buck to the next neighbor . 
  of course the government has n't helped bringing them to beli manastir ( so hungary is within reach ) or zagreb ( so slovenia is near ) . 
  the problem is that this bowing to their demands , letting them through is a plan without any direction . 
  more will follow if we do n't take a stand . 
  and yes , unfortunately it is also my belief that the general majority of these people are economic migrants - i have absolutely nothing against taking in real refugees . 
  people who want a safe haven and are not entitled beyond belief . 
  the eu screwed the pooch by not helping turkey deal with the problem when turkey asked for help . 
  meh that shit talking is like the all-balkan-olympics ( more like paralympics ) . 
  serbs shit talking croats and vice versa , slovenians shit talking croats and vice versa . 
  oddly enough this seems to only work with the neighbor ( slovenia and serbia rarely shit talk one another , if ever ) . 
  many bad decisions all around these past few days . 
  i do n't get it why he let them in in the first place . 
  the danube forms a giant part of the border towards serbia and the rest should be easier to control . 
  even with people managing to evade the control the numbers would n't be this high . 
  what the heck is his agenda ? 
  just getting votes for the upcoming election or what ? 
  ( serious question , i do n't understand his motive at all ) . 
  closing the bloody borders . 
  unlike greece , unlike macedonia , unlike serbia and unlike croatia . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is the general consensus here that laws are just for idiots or what ? 
  and i was just pointing out that while you painted serbia as a bad neighbor the whole chain goes back down towards greece . 
  you pointed out the neighborly thing . 
  we said well in advance that we will follow the eu law and not allow people without documents in . 
  it 's the friggin ' schengen border and not the neighbor 's yard . 
  blame this one on milanovi\u0107 for letting them in with the plan to relay them through to hungary and slovenia . 
  - `` i do n't see a problem with people passing through slovenia and hungary - are they not clean enough ? '', 
  . . populist without a clue . 
  not scapegoating anyone . 
  we 've all been thrust into this because of somebody else 's decisions . 
  the eu still does not understand that there are many people watching what will be done with this wave and that will affect how many more will come . 
  ^ ^ and they forget that the balkans are always a barrell of gunpowder :d messing with us usually ends up with fire that sweeps across europe ( not that i 'm wishing for that : / ), 
  actually she did n't invite them , but the journos sure made it sound like that . 
  add to that that the `` refugees '' wanted to hear what they wanted to hear and here we are now . 
  of course in the end we ( all of the balkan states , hungary and greece ) will get stuck with the fallout . 
  yay . 
  hands up anyone who is surprised that croatia is n't honoring their obligations yet again . 
  the plan is to accept anyone who requests asylum in slovenia and returns everyone else . 
  but of course - croatia is not honoring it 's agreements to take these refugees back . 
  for all their posturing and the show of border controls they 've had on the serbian-croatian border the past couple of years ( as pre-accession to schengen ) where they would create artificial bottlenecks just to play important - it seems their schengen pre-accession regime is a pure sham . 
  ( and yes , i 've travelled over bajakovo-batrovci a couple of times due to business trips to serbia and yes they would twiddle their thumbs on occassion for several hours . 
  \u0160id-tovarnik was an option , but i guess that one is closed now ) . 
  no worries . 
  croatia is actively funneling these refugees towards the hungarian and slovenian borders . 
  was the plan from the get-go if their pm is to be believed . 
  yesterday a train with 150 refugees without proper documents was held in dobova and croatia was supposed to take these refugees back according to interstate contracts and european law . 
  they did n't . 
  not surprising for croatia . 
  so ... take this into account while you hold croatia on a pedestal for being very neighborly . 
  people forget about scale . 
  11,000 refugees in one day for croatia is like 200,000 refugees in germany within 1 day . 
  croatia managed well , but has been repayed mostly by ingratitude from these ` refugees ' . 
  sorry if people may be bothered by this - but i remember the balkan wars , and i remember the refugees from those wars . 
  they were real refugees and were happy to have found a safe haven . 
  they did not demand a 5-star hotel and free transfer to germany . 
  and i 'm always willing to help such refugees . 
  and there are some actual refugees in these 11,000 . 
  but unfortunately most of them are not . 
  the eu needs to help the real refugees , but reject the rest . 
  and for what it 's worth . 
  the eu needs to get their heads out of our a ** es and help turkey and jordan deal with the refugees . 
  `` sigurno \u0107emo ih upu\u0107ivati prema sloveniji i ma\u0111arskoj , a mi ve\u0107 dva dana pokazujemo da smo civilizirana i organizirana dr\u017eava '' certainly we will direct them towards slovenia and hungary , and we have been showing that we are civilized and organized country for two days already . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z64tv4trjfy ( click on cc for english subtitles ) . 
  we have a romani village over here and they are fully integrated and great people . 
  treat them as fellow people and they will reciprocate . 
  i 'll take a stab with a tito joke ... 
  so 1980 , tito dies and comes to the pearly gates . 
  st. peter ca n't decide whether he should take him into heaven or reject him into hell . 
  he did some good , but he did some bad also - so he decides that tito shall go to hell . 
  some time passes and god starts wondering why he has n't seen satan anywhere recently . 
  he decides to visit him in hell . 
  as he descends the stairs he sees satan running with a bunch of books in his arms . 
  `` satan , my friend where have you been - come on let 's sit down and drink a whiskey or two . '', 
  `` first of all , my name is not satan but comrade satan , second of all i will have none of that filthy capitalistic drink and third of all - i ca n't , i 'm late for the party meeting . '', 
  do you know that this weekend the new montenegrin record in 100m was set ? 
  it 's now at 63 metres . 
  well gra\u0161ak would win one of the top 3 spots in a competition although the back story is rather weird . 
  so ... what does mrs. merkel think will happen once the next batch of refugees sees europe accepted the first batch ?
