  it 's probably more prevalent in northern europe compared southern and central europe even . 
  i 've worked a couple of summer jobs in a restaurant in a fairly touristy area , and most , if not all of the brits that visited were of the posh or wealthy type . 
  it probably did not help that i had a posh british guy as a cello teacher and that the conductor in our school orchestra was posh and british as well . 
  i probably had that perception of the brits until my later teens when i was introduced to the wonders of british media beyond mr. 
  beans , harry potter , heartbeat and james bond . 
  the us of a. 
   so abolishing slavery in the us was n't necessary then ? 
   democracy was n't necessary ? 
   women being allowed to vote was n't necessary ? 
   workers rights ( including banning child labor , introducing regulation for safety in the work place and limiting working hours and  ensuring a liveable wages ) was n't necessary ? 
   the details vary , but very few countries have ever moved away from authoritarian regimes without any form of violence or force being used . 
  good job at completely circumventing my point about public support . 
   violence and destruction of property played some role for all of these movements . 
  is that that the reason for their success though ? 
  arbitrary destruction never helped the workers , but rather the fact that they refused to offer their services to employers , and public support , and peaceful demonstrations in the late 60s is what facilitated the women 's liberation , not the episodic violence that occurred . 
  it seems to me that you 're looking at `` revolutionary violence '' through rose-tinted glasses and thus , you 're attributing too much of certain movement 's successes to it , while , in fact , a few broken windows is n't what broke the camel 's back . 
  i 'm not saying that violence never is justified , but in many cases where it 's used , it is not . 
  i like how karl popper put it :  `` the use of violence is justified only under a tyranny which makes reforms without violence impossible , and should have only one aim , that is , to bring about a state of affairs which makes reforms without violence possible . '', 
  and as far as i know , we 're living in a time where reforms without violence are possible through democratic institutions , would n't you agree ? 
  if you have to change things through violent means , the change really is n't necessary as it is unable to garner enough public support to take any meaningful democratic action . 
  that 's why essentially every violent revolution turns authoritarian at one point or another , and oftentimes , you end up with something even more oppressive than what was before where dissidents are killed or jailed left and right , and the leaders , whoever they may be , will make sure to have a stranglehold the populace because they 're aware of the contempt people will harbour against them . 
  rule by fear if you will . 
  public support should be the crux of any policial decision that is made . 
  worker 's rights would n't have been secured by a fringe group without public support , nor would women 's rights and trying to facilitate political change in a way the black bloc does is inherently undemocratic and goes against the basic democratic principles however you may try to look at it . 
  some people use them for weddings as well . 
  a salad as a side dish and fruits for breakfast , lunch , or supper is not uncommon at all . 
  also , just fish and potatoes are not something that 's widely consumed anymore . 
  we 're talking about stds here , not genetic predispositions that 'd be uncovered in a newborn screening test . 
   the government needs money by essentially taxing the poor and making the venue even worse off . 
  although there is a state monopoly on gambling in norway , the revenue does n't go to some treasury or a hedge fund and is never used to fund projects that would have been funded through taxation otherwise . 
  the thing is that `` norsk tipping '' is private corporation where the state is the sole shareholder and it is treated as such as well . 
  apart from the operating expenses ( taxes , hiring , pay-outs , etc. 
  ) , the revenue they make is given out as grants to sports clubs , cultural events , and humanitarian causes , and although it is state owned , it is n't really the state that allocates the revenue to specific causes , as it operates independently . 
  spot on i 'd say . 
  i too have never tipped in norway , but i 've done it abroad , both in the us and in different european countries as i feel like it is expected ( and practically mandatory in the us ) , especially in the touristy areas . 
   there 's just this constant shitty feeling inside me that learning a language is a miserable , arbitrary , authoritarian exercise in forcing you into a mould . 
  if that 's how you feel you should probably let it go , and if you 're living in an english speaking country you do n't relly have any reason to force yourself to do something that you absolutely detest . 
   the bemused looks . 
  the jabs at my birthright . 
  you 're probably overthinking it , most people expect people from english-speaking countries with english-speaking parents to be monolingual . 
  i 'm very comfortable where i am right now and chances are that i 'll never move to another country unless fate throws something my way . 
  however , if i were to move somewhere else it 'd probably be either the us or japan as i 've already spent a fair bit of time in both of the countries and feel that i have a little bit more than a cursory understanding of both the languages and cultures respectively . 
   globalisation i think you 're confusing globalization and globalism . 
  the former is n't ideological in nature while the latter is . 
  obviously , both of them are fairly intertwined as globalists advocate for policies that lead to globalization at a higher tempo , i.e higher immigration , more free trade etc. 
  i do n't think most tump supporters oppose globalization in itself , as it probably would have happened in conjunction with the development of better technology , both in transports and communication regardless of the political affiliations governments might have at the time . 
  rather , they 're staunchly opposed to internationalists and people advocating for the slow dismantling of the nation-state . 
   this is an ideology primarily based on fear ; fear of losing jobs to mexicans , fear of muslims disintegrating american culture , fear of a loss of identity and homogeneity in their society . 
  it 's a human instinct to be wary of the unknown and that oftentimes translate into real life action without a significant connection to an overarching ideology . 
  that aside , if you 've ever seriously engaged with arguments against globalism , and liberalism for that matter , you 'd probably find that it goes a little bit deeper than muslim immigration or homogeneity . 
  political ideologies are more than free healthcare if you did n't already know , and most politically-minded people 's convictions stem from the fundamental ideas of an ideology , not from how much free shit they might or might not receive . 
  really ? 
  it 's safe to say that people would know that the american currency is dollar , but there are probably many people out there who do n't know the names of the other two . 
  ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ going ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ spending ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ time ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ front ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ computer ^ ^ ^ instead ^ ^ ^ :( . 
  hey , at least the king after will be that dabbing meme-connoisseur . 
   i think being a person is the ability to empathize and love . 
  that rules out psychopaths and highly dysfunctional people . 
  i would argue that our ability to make pragmatic decisions rather than decisions based upon emotional responses grant us personhood , more so than love and empathy . 
  personhood is quite complex and saying that our ability to feel love and empathy is the only denominator that should be used to judge one 's humanity does n't sit quite right with me . 
  edit : and if empathy is a prerequisite for personhood , why should it be granted to chimpanzees ? 
  they obviously lack the human perception of empathy . 
  depends , i think in the case of an unregulated society people would obviously find a way to coexist that would be mutually beneficial , and there would certainly be many unspoken rules that are loosely agreed upon . 
  a regulated society would be very predictable and safe but at the cost of any individuality , and i do n't think a society can flourish if people do n't feel like they 're in control of their own lives and to some degree are able to follow their dreams and aspirations . 
  i would probably go with country b. 
   you are n't being `` controlled '' by it . 
  it is simply the system . 
  stop blaming the system . 
  the us is a democracy , you can change the system , how hard it may be . 
  i hear a lot of americans and brits complaining about their respective political systems and how they favor two parties , but what they often fail to realize is that a system with many parties tends to transfer a disproportionate amount of power to the smaller parties through coalitions , which in my opinion is almost just as bad . 
  nope . 
  what a question ... 
  if two consenting adults of different races decide to have sex and/or to get married , they have my blessings . 
   no , culture is not something you can teach or write down or anything , it 's in constant movement and shifted several times massively over the years . 
  i 'm not saying that culture some static monolith that never changes , that would be asinine . 
  but i disagree with the claim that you ca n't teach culture . 
  you certainly can teach cultural cues , such as french people kiss each other on the cheek to greet or that the japanese bow to be polite , you 'd obviously have to immerse yourself in another culture if you want something more than an artificial understanding , and as a person that grew up with more than one culture surrounding me , i know that it is possible to coherently understand more than one culture . 
  secondly , if you ca n't teach culture , how can christians and muslims ever lay down their disputes and differences ? 
  after all , freedom of expression , secularism , and individualism are very much western cultural concepts and the bedrock of our society and culture , hence , i tend to value cultures that purvey these ideas above cultures that do n't . 
  if someone is going to bridge the gap between christians and muslims , it wo n't be the people from a non-secular society/culture and if building that bridge entails accepting values that go against the aforementioned ones rather than telling people to respect and accept them , i 'll always be against it . 
  cultural relativism does a good job of paving the path for something like that to happen . 
  you can throw whatever watered-down pejoratives you want my way , but at least i know that i 'm not the one fighting for cultures that deny people basic freedoms . 
  he never said anything about skin colour . 
  cultural compatibility is probably what he 's on about , and not subscribing to the idea of cultural relativism is not something i 'd regard as racism since culture , essentially , is a taught behavior . 
  judging people based on the amount of melanin in their skin is stupid . 
  judging people based on their moral and values are not , and oftentimes , both moral and values hail from your culture . 
  i do n't , however , i do n't really go out of my way to convey to the world what my beliefs are . 
  if politics ever comes up in a conversation i 'll happily argue for things that i believe are good . 
  sure , if you take a cursory glance at some of my political convictions some people might brand me as things that generally are untrue , but i have yet to experience people using pejoratives against me after a fair discussion where i 've had a chance to convey my beliefs from my point of view . 
  according to fiction i 've consumed , cern is already working on it . 
   '' [ ... ] restricting certain idea or speech by law [ ... ] '' ? 
  it might have been a poorly formulated example , but my point was that positive liberties tend to impede on people 's freedom and consent , i.e the welfare state or through taxes or hate speech laws through the denial of freedom of expression . 
   i dislike the economical part of liberalism . 
  spoiler : that 's the good part about ( classic ) liberalism and perhaps its most defining hallmark . 
   and the focus on negative freedom instead of positive freedom . 
  generally , liberalistic ideologies tend to advertise `` the marketplace of ideas '' , but restricting certain idea or speech by law are in a stark contradiction to the ideological core itself . 
  the contradiction that ( neo ) liberalism really is n't liberal is what draws the focus towards the negatives , as they 're the ones being restricted forcefully . 
  i see where he 's coming from . 
  ideologically speaking i dislike the concept of the nordic welfare state and welfare in general . 
  but for most people , me and op include , moving to a country that is situated closer to your personal political ideology on the political spectrum simply is n't worth it as the place you live is , in general , much more than the ruling ideology . 
  it 's friends , family , ties , language , culture , memories and everything in between .
