  the name `` europe '' or `` askeurope '' probably has a broader appeal to people who see themselves as europeans firstly , and those people tend to be left-leaning . 
  `` europe and the uk '' i hope you know that europe is n't one cultural monolith , right ? 
  mediterranean culture is vastly different from nordic culture for example . 
  moldova probably has some alright places too , even the commieblocks are sort of comfy . 
   norway . 
  iceland . 
  switzerland . 
  the eu may very well federalize one day , but one thing is for sure , you 'll never have the nice nature , mwhahahaha !, 
  i mean , if the proposed carbon tax goes through i can still buy american products with a good conscience , right ? 
  on a serious note , i 'd probably not change my consumerist habits based on trump 's stance on the paris-agreement , i 'm rather fond of new technology , and i like to upgrade my computer parts once in a while . 
  if he decides to pull out , i 'm hoping that most businesses will take the ethical perspective into consideration when they 're given the extra freedom , and i hope the international community will pressure them to do so as well . 
  most people are n't religious in any way , but there are n't that many self-declared atheists either . 
  if you were to ask and prod , most people would probably be some shade of agnostic . 
  religion is largely seen as a private matter here and is n't something you ask about unless you know a person very well , though . 
  you should take a look at this video on urban geography , it explains the difference between europe and the us quite well , and why poverty might be more visible in some places https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqsxpzafo_k, 
  i really doubt breaking some windows , looting or blocking traffic will help kickstart that revolution , it 'll probably have the opposite effect , with more and more people getting tierd of having to deal with it . 
  both subjective questions where the answers may differ depending on who 's online at the time , a faq ca n't cover every conceivable opinion . 
  what we could do is to make a faq or a wiki for frequently asked questions with non-subjective answers . 
  as / u/pepperboon said , interactivity * is * the selling point of reddit , and if we want this relatively small sub to grow , we should n't limit interactivity to certain questions . 
  also , we have the upvote/downvote system for a reason . 
  it was on the top of / r/videos . 
  here 's another example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6mdq9y8xoc, 
  turkey and libya have taken * many * refugees and pulled their weight 5x , but why the gulf-states are n't more generous towards their kinsmen , i do not know . 
   but i do n't want people to hate me for being from the country that elected trump . 
  just be yourself , most people probably does n't care enough to hate you because the constituent of your country elected a certain president . 
  i 'm not going to assume that your post is 100 % serious , but if it is , and it really bothers you to the point where you ca n't sleep at night , i 'm not going to advise you not to role-play as a canadian , but i do n't think it 'll matter that much in the end . 
  all the pms in europe have to semi-endorse and work with trump anyway if it helps . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are no laws against loitering, 
  it 's hard to only pick one . 
  the bioshock series is freaking awesome , especially bioshock infinite , however , there are out there games that i 've wasted more time on like ck2 or runescape ( which i still play on and off ) . 
  i 've also played quite a few visual novels with my favourites being umineko and aiyoku no eustia , which i 'll recommend to anyone who 's into japanese multimedia . 
  honorable mention to fo3 as well . 
  edit : and how could i forget ratchet & clank 3 , i 've probably completed the game 7-8 times . 
  i 've had both good and bad experiences to be fair . 
  one of the most insightful and open-minded people i know is an afghan refugee , but ironically enough , a friend of mine had his phone and wallet stolen by refugees of the same country . 
  we 've had a refugee centre in my city for about a year with about 150 refugees , but the only time i 've seen or heard anything from them is when i accommodate them at the store i work at . 
  most of them are nice , but i 've met rude ones as well and i 've had children of refugees eating candy out of the pick-and-mix trays , not that i blame them for it . 
  personally , the positive experiences i 've had outweighs the negative ones , but the experiences i 've had really do n't matter as to how i approach the question of sheltering refugees . 
  long-term , i 'd like norwegian culture to stay somewhat monolithic so that we do n't end up as an identitarian shithole like the us of a. 
   i saw was two refugees crashing into each other on their bicycles . 
  jesus christ , just send them back already . 
  i would say that the bankruptcy was an important part of the reason as to why the revolution happened . 
  if france did n't spend their whole treasury on the war , king louis xvi never would have suggested to tax the aristocrats and the clergy . 
  the curriculum is heavily centered around european and norwegian history . 
  more specifically around the french revolution , the industrial revolution , ww1 , the interwar years , ww2 and the cold war . 
  obviously , american history is mentioned to some degree too since they had an instrumental role in both the french revolution and ww2 , but we learned next to nothing about asian or middle-eastern history . 
  japan 's role in ww2 and the japanese imperialism was briefly mentioned . 
  generally , i wish we 'd have a more comprehensive curriculum since i find history immensely interesting , but with the limited time we had in high school i feel that we covered our bases fairly well , after all , most of the students probably are n't as interested in history as me , and most people who do n't cultivate such an interest will likely forget what they were taught a couple of years down the road . 
   left wing politically i 'd say there 's a fair split between left and right . 
  i mean , i really ca n't imagine one of those confederate flag-toting , volvo 240 driving individuals showing up at the polling booth to vote either for r\u00f8dt or sv . 
  * how to combat the rising unemployment due to lower oil prices * the migrant crisis * wealth fund expenditure * stationing of us marines on norwegian soil * merging of municipalities if you want me to elaborate on some of these , just ask . 
   liberals are center-right center right in most regards , but they 've adopted the identity politics of the far-left . 
  native : norwegian ( scandi languages ) fluent : english good enough tier : japanese ( currently n3 , looking to pass jlpt n2 within a year ) basic tourist conversation tier : german , spanish i wish i 'd paid more attention in high school tier : russian, 
   because one is false , made up racist propaganda . 
  i was n't 100 % serious for your information . 
  but it 's a known fact that certain areas in certain swedish cities have certain problems with certain demographics . 
   however i once noticed some racist posts on some swedish forum , such as using the 'n word ' , anti-gipsy posts , anti-muslim and so on . 
  in every country on planet earth where a sizable chunk of the population have access to the world wide web , there will probably be a racist forum or two . 
  after all , people with the strong political convictions tend to congregate on forums with likeminded people to exchange ideas in a sheltered enviornment , and it 's in no way exclusive to sweden . 
  sweden is n't some monolithic society where every member embrace every `` progressive '' idea if that 's what you thought . 
   sweden is either considered an egalitarian , progressive utopia or a rape-filled islamist hellhole . 
  why not both ? 
  as of late they 've sort of shelved the whole `` humanitarian superpower '' idea for a not-as-dim-witted migration policy , but wether they 're doing it out of an understanding of the negative social impact it might have , or because they fear the rise of parties like sd , i do not know . 
  really ? 
  i 've been to the us too , and while i agree there are more visible drug users in many cities , i really ca n't say i 've experienced any of the other things you listed as a tourist . 
  did you live there for an extended amount of time ? 
  i 'm not quite sure about how they work to be fair , but i do n't think they force business to use a certain language . 
  as far as i know they 're more like advisors than policy makers . 
  pretty much the same thing as / u/vertitto said about polish , we apply norwegian grammatical rules to english words . 
  on the contrary , we do n't use as many recent loanwords as i 've heard people in other countries do , for example with newer tech gadgets , [ the language council ] ( http://www.sprakradet.no/vi-og-vart/om-oss/english-and-other-languages/english/ ) is actually doing a fairly good job . 
  for example : tablet = nettbrett computer = datamaskin keyboard = tastatur so on and so forth . 
  this applies to norway as well , prehaps except the bathing suits part . 
  if you 're going to go trekking , for the sake of god , be prepared . 
  there have been so many rescue missions this year alone that more than one municipality have considered closing the attractions to tourists . 
  [ the statistics beg to differ ] ( http://www.thelocal.dk/20160829/expats-name-denmark-worst-in-the-world-for-making-friends ), 
  yeah , i guess , but op asked . 
  criticizing how we do things . 
  norwegians , between ourselves , criticize how we do things all the time but if a foreigner comes along and says `` yeah , in fact , i agree with that statement '' , people will see it as an attack on the great kingdom of norway and snarkily point out that `` your third-world hellhole probably is n't any better , i hope you and your family burn in hell for all eternity '' . 
  obviously , this is heavily over-exaggerated but this is a well-known stereotype . 
  * give people seeking refuge the ability to apply from their home countries rather than forcing them to cross the mediterranean . 
  * asylum would be temporary and would n't be a shortcut to permanent residency , refugees would have to apply when their country of origin is safe to return to and be evaluated by their credentials like immigrants from non-conflict zones around the world . 
  * storage of biometric information would be a requirement for asylum to be granted at all , but it is already , is n't it ? 
  * refugees would be provided with free and sufficient education for rebuilding their countries i.e engineering , healthcare , and vocational training , it would be optional , but encouraged . 
  if the need for refuge vanished they 'd get status as international students until their education would be complete . 
  education in the biggest eu languages and european cultural studies would also be an option . 
  * taking refugees should be voluntary and no country should face sanctions for refusing to accommodate them , national self-determination would be respected . 
  however , the eu would provide countries who are willing to accommodate with adequate funding and support . 
  * there would be a zero-tolerance for economic migrants , and economic migrants with a refugee status would face immediate expulsion . 
  this would also apply to criminal activities , extremism , and hardcore fundamentalism . 
  * cash-in-hand would be completely eliminated and replaced with a coupon system . 
  any other nordic country , including faroe islands . 
  other than that , i 'd consider countryside france since i 'd like to brush up on my french . 
  russia i guess , although i do n't really hate them or anything . 
  it depends on how it manifests itself . 
  i am not a fan of violence , nor am i a fan of senseless hatred , but i do think that in the future , nationalism may be a necessity to preserve the european identity and morale . 
  for me , ethnicity or skin colour is n't a defining factor but cultural affinity is . 
  i 'm not a cultural relativist or appreciator of multiculturalism ; i 'll never be an apologist for horrible cultures ( in my eyes , cultures that aggressively impede people 's liberties ) , and if nationalism can act as a vanguard against these regressive values , sure , it might be a good thing . 
  that said , culture is a taught behaviour , not something you 're born with and simply hating someone because of the colour of their skin beyond stupid , ethnonationalism is stupid , i 've grown up with friends of different colours who are just as good a norwegian as myself . 
  obviously , having a country with people of different ethnicities and one cultural identity is a pipe dream , the left has made sure of that through identity politics and mass migration that stifles the need for integration . 
  tpp has is n't really a european issue , however , it is a way for the us to solidify its position and trade dominance in east-asia and while at the same time indirectly sanctioning the brics countries ( mainly china ) .
