denmark is already taking quite a few quota refugees and asylum seekers though . 
  i 'm against immigration , even more so than frp . 
  but other than their immigration policies , frp is a horrible party . 
  they 're trying to implement economical policies that will benefit the 1 % and they 're trying to justify it with trickle down , the frp leaders political idol is margaret tatcher for christ sake . 
  they have also stated that they want to sell state owned industries such as statoil and telenor and huge areas of land to private owners , be it foreign investors or norwegians . 
  i mean , it could have worked , but implementing elements from classic liberalism in an already working social democracy will wo n't benefit anyone , not even frp . 
  here in norway we do n't really have a social conservative party such as sd in sweden or dansk folkeparti in denmark , it 's a dilemma really , we 'll either lose our culture and sovreignity through leftist immigration policies or have frp sell our culture and sovreignity off to the highest bidder . 
  i 'm not talking about migrant workers , quite the opposite actually . 
  i guess i could have worded my original post differently to something like `` refugees vs. migrant workers '' instead of the `` eu vs. north america '' comparison . 
  my initial point was how the welfare state ( and parts of the geneva convention ) enables refugees not to interact with the society and assimilate . 
  actually , while we 're at it we should start handing out pamphlets when they arrive in hungary displaying the benefits in different european countries . 
   why would they ? 
  do you assume them to eat hages and chips each day ? 
  do they in america have this special task force that controls each emigrant on forbidden contraband ? 
  ( praying mat , spicy spices , mandela sheets ) i was thiking more along the lines of discriminating against other religious minorities , homosexuals , women and of course sharia in general . 
  muslims comming to europe should leave that behind , or do you think that we , here in europe should make designated sharia courts based on some 1.500 year old book and not on humanitarian grounds ? 
  i 'm ok with islamic traditions as long as they do n't interfere with the morals and values of the host country people with said faith are staying in , and it should be obvious to them as well , i mean that 's the least they could do for someone sheltering them from war and bloodshed , right ? 
   let 's take the netherlands for example . 
  you get around $ 300 - $ 500 an month . 
  i 'm not talking about that no , i 'm talking about the fact that the state will provide for them for years to come until they can `` get on their feet '' , this includes housing and most other day to day expenses . 
  for instance , here in norway the refugees does n't have to pay for dental work while ethnic norwegians have to pay through the nose even for minor dental work . 
  nah , the difference is that muslims travel to america with a different mindset , y' know , to integrate and assimilate . 
  here in europe they leave nothing of their old culture behind , and they do n't need to either . 
  in america they 're forced to work and interact with the society to succeed , while in europe they 're able to sit back passively , making no effort to integrate whatsoever while recieveing welfare checks funded by the tax payers . 
  it 's better than what the u.s. tried to do by far . 
  arming and training fundamental islamists to topple the regime is a recipe for disaster . 
  if they 're dying from sharing tents , i wonder what got them fleeing in the first place . 
  bro , that 's us , not the danes , cut them some slack . 
  there are virtually ghettos and no-go zones in every major american city . 
  you do n't want to find yourself wandering around in the bad parts of chicago for instance . 
  at least both trump and sanders are opposed to the ttip and similar trade agreements . 
  hillary however is another story . 
   before , he did n't talk much about it , and when he did , he expressed support for it . 
  well , before he was a businessman , not a politician . 
  i did n't say `` greek '' with a negative connotation , that 's how you interpret it . 
  and here we have the greek with the post that poses a solution to the current problems we 're facing throughout europe . 
  denouncing what could be plausible causes as to why this happened whilst attacking people who does n't share your point of view is even less constructive than what the guy you 're responding to posted . 
  sticking ones head in the sand in the name of political correctness might be acceptable with the current political establishment but as for me , it does n't grant me the legitimacy to act accordingly and do the same just because it 's institutionalized ( in western europe at least ) . 
  the solution to this problem is n't as intricate as whatever sociologist tend to present it as , it is n't [ poverty + marginalization + x + y = foreign rapist ( victim of circumstance ) ] , rather , it 's all about cultural compatibility . 
  multiculturalism ( newsflash ) does not work , not as in different skin colours , but as in cultures having a symbiotic relationship . 
  some cultures are * more * compatible than other , but that they are n't is the rule rather than the exception . 
  furthermore , would this ordeal pan out the same way in an eastern european county ? 
  doubtfully . 
  fuck that guy , his worst crime was ruining our positive statistics , i 'd even go as far as calling it treason . 
  on a serious note if you 're interested in seeing more updated and in-depth statistics our police publicly release a report every year accounting for all the murders . 
  https://www.politi.no/vedlegg/lokale_vedlegg/kripos/vedlegg_3500.pdf last year we had the lowest amount of murders in 44 years which is pretty neat , considering that our population has grown significantly . 
   so much tolerance & progress !, 
  making a documentary about jihadists instead of shooting them on spot . 
  it 's journalism , the goal is to sell good and interesting stories and not have your subjects shot and killed . 
  also it provide us , the viewers , with a glimpse into a world we most likely would n't have known otherwise . 
  are you insinuating that people should n't use the word * just * because you do n't like it ? 
  the real question is : out of all the websites in the world they could have blocked , why the hell would they block that ? 
  actually , the best kebab i ever had was in italy . 
  here in norway 99 % of the kebab is pre-packaged , pre-sliced , pre-frozen meat that could have easily passed for cat food with some lettuce , sweet corn , some cheapass bun and an excessive amount of thousand island dressing , costing somewhere between 7-9 $ . 
  while i was in italy a couple of years ago however , i learned that you get the real deal for 3 $ with actual good sauces and that you even get french fries in the kebab , actual french fries in the kebab . 
  needless to say , my mind was blown . 
  then again , italians probably do have a more refined palate compared us norwegians with our relatively mundane culinary traditions and the kebab marked probably had to adjust to sell , or maybe the norwegian kebab industry figured `` these norwegians will eat anything as long as it barely resembles meat so let 's sell them the cheapest meat we can find '' . 
  good kebab exists here , but it is definitely a rarity , at least outside oslo . 
  yes they 're cheaters , all of the social swedes are working in norway while the normal anti-social and recluse swedes stay in sweden . 
  it 's a ploy that has been in the works for years and finally the swedes see the fruits of their labour ; they 're finally better than us at something . 
  as a moderator of / r/europe you really ought to know that the population of europe is over 700,000,000 . 
  if anything people are using the `` russia will invade '' rethoric to propagate fear and probably to benefit either economically or politically from it , and most people tend to gobble that shit right up . 
  contrary to popular belief moscow and putin are n't _ as _ stupid as to invade a nato country which in turn could activate article 5 at any time . 
  a war between russia and the west would n't be in anyones interest . 
   soldiers have never been machines of war . 
  that 's why i said ideally , the ideal soldiers to efficently complete any military operation would in essence be `` machines of war '' . 
  also , where and when did i dehumanise soldiers ? 
  i merely stated what military training entails and what 's expected from an able-bodied soldier in a combat scenario ; thinking rationally , which essentially would be the best way of self-preservation as well . 
  morale is subjective and differs vastly between individuals , so i ca n't say i 'm sure about what your getting at . 
  collective military morale ? 
  i think there 's a huge gap between your and my definition of `` machine of war '' . 
  i 'm not talking about some relentless killer slaughthering civilians because his superiors order him to do so , but rather someone who wo n't be paralyzed and break down sobbing , unable to act if one of his fellow soldiers takes a lethal hit . 
  what comes afterwards is of course very individual . 
  that 's what military mental training is all about ; suppressing emotional reactions in stressful situations and again , if a soldier does n't have the ability to do so they should n't be deemed fit for military , when even the smallest flinch or the slightest of indecisiveness may result in military or civilian casualties . 
  a good soldier should ideally act as a machine of war in situations where necessity calls for it and to think that soldiers are n't capable to act accordingly to their military training is severely underestimating the human capability . 
  to adress something you posted earlier : self-preservation also is a biological instinct which certainly would trump the protection of individual members of a group in any situation where their lives are at risk . 
  i 'm not denouncing what you said about women in a military situation , but it seems anecdotal and far-fetched at best . 
  hence :  if a soldier is n't able to keep his cool and think rationally about things in a stressful situation , he has nothing to do fighting in a war to begin with . 
  it is , but somewhere along the way we did develope intelligence and the ability to repress our animalistic instincts as well as the ability to quickly adapt to situations unfolding around us . 
  if a soldier is n't able to keep his cool and think rationally about things in a stressful situation , he has nothing to do fighting in a war to begin with . 
  the issue you described is a minor , or even a non-existent one and there 's far more compelling arguments for keeping women out of close quarter combat out there , physical strength being the biggest one . 
   a male friend of mine also suggested men will risk multiple other men to save one woman , which is not terribly efficient . 
  if that 's the case i 'd rather question their military training than the conscription of women , when shit hits the fan and you 're in a battle scenario you 're all the same anyways . 
  i do see the problem of personal feelings though , and how it could cloud a persons judgement . 
  my stance on this issue in general is neutral , but my instagram feed certainly have seen a change for the better . 
  stop spreading misinformation , please . 
  if you 've followed the mainstream media you ought to know that there have n't even been a single migrant crossing the border in the last week and that russian authorities actively are keeping migrants from crossing . 
  they 've been sending most of the migrants out of the cities close to the border even . 
  a marching band is nothing compared to the atrocities `` neutral '' sweden committed throughout the war . 
  your government willingly cooperated with nazi germany , letting them transport , on a large scale , weaponry , equipment and soldiers through sweden to massacre hundreds of thousands , if not millions of people on the eastern front , something you managed to slither out of after the war and are yet to be held accountable for . 
  our resistance may have been pathetic and/or futile , but i can proudly proclaim that we had one . 
  can you , in good conscience , say the same ? 
  most , if not all the refugees leave their bikes behind they 've crossed the border , the police then take them to a storage unit where they 'll sit until they eventually get shipped off to some scrapyard to get destroyed . 
  well , most of the citizenship laws on this planet are based on the principle of ` jus sanguinis ' , norways citizenship laws included . 
  this does n't mean that you ca n't neutralize as a citizen , in practice it means that a citizenship is n't automatically granted at birth if the parents are foreigners . 
  i do not however see the benefit of granting permanent recidency for refugees when they 're a drain on our society rather than an asset at large . 
  we already have swedes , poles , and lithuanians bustin ass and paying taxes , and you 're telling me that we should prioritize a group of people that generally are an expense rather than the migrant workers that actually are enriching our society , not through sharia , but through hard and ( mostly ) honest work ? 
  if the refugees want permanent recidency they should it the way anyone else does it , not by sitting on their asses for years on end . 
  keep in mind that things have changed quite a bit since sept. 2014 . 
  for instance we 're now taking 8.000 quota refugees instead of the 1000 un refugees , including asylum applicants .
