  we have a thing called `` gender quotas '' which states that businesses where the state owns more than 50 % of the assets must at least have 40 % of one gender on the company board , and funnily enough , the laws on gender quotas do n't apply if men are the ones underrepresented . 
  norway even lost a case in the efta-court due to making some positions available to women only , which in that court case was deemed discriminatory . 
  oh , and you get `` gender points '' if you 're a woman and take an education in a profession mainly dominated by males . 
  this one applies to men as well but on a much smaller scale . 
  as a man that prefers sort of meritocracy , these policies really pains me . 
   she openly supports putin and trump , both of whom engage in very authoritarian practices . 
  trump has n't done anything particularly authoritarian with his presidential powers yet , and he 'll probably be held up to scrutiny if he 's trending towards authoritarianism . 
  at this point , until he actually turns authoritarian , it 's nothing more than another buzzword with no real substance behind it . 
   science : it baffles me how right-wing parties oppose climate change and renewables . 
  i fear that if they have their way , renewables are banned , we have gas and coal everywhere , the climate is ruined and/or we suffer eventually a shock because we run out of fossil fuels with no renewables to fall back on , and our civilization is done . 
  i 'm pretty sure these views are n't the norm amongst far-right parties in europe , stop applying american dogmas to eu politics . 
  in the case of norwegian translations , they 'll make it as norwegian as it gets . 
  i use localized languages whenever it 's available because i feel like my exposure to the english language from browsing the web alone is enough to retain my proficiency while still learning more . 
  on top of that , most , if not all literature i read is english-language literature . 
  in retrospect , installing photoshop in norwegian really was n't a well thought-through idea . 
   russia should use its special forces within the borders of the united states to fuel instability and separatism , for instance , provoke `` afro-american racists '' . 
  russia should `` introduce geopolitical disorder into internal american activity , encouraging all kinds of separatism and ethnic , social and racial conflicts , actively supporting all dissident movements -- extremist , racist , and sectarian groups , thus destabilizing internal political processes in the u.s whether or not russia is involved , groups such as blm certainly does what 's described in that book , and it 's working wonders if disorder and conflict are the goals . 
  it 's horrible in the winter right after the snow melts , but other than that it 's really not a problem . 
  depends on the subject of the casual conversation , where you 're talking and with whom , it might be socially appropriate in some groups whereas it is not in others , it even differs from individual to individual , so it 's certainly hard to tell . 
  for example : in my group of friends , nobody would really bat an eye if i were to say something along those lines , but if i were to show up at my university and suddenly bring it up in a conversation it would not be socially appropriate at all . 
  overall , i 'd say gypsies are the most socially appropriate group to dislike because lots and lots of people * actually * dislike them . 
  whenever misinformed americans ( mostly ) say that norway is some sort of socialist utopia . 
  fuck sake , mostly we have a free market economy with a few government-owned enterprises , protection against monopolies and a fairly decent social safety net , or a mixed economy if you will . 
  basically this :  however , in most cases , `` mixed economy '' refers to market economies with strong regulatory oversight and governmental provision of public goods , although some mixed economies also feature a number of state-run enterprises . 
   i read higurashi first and then watched the adaptation , and the adaptation is totally watered down on many scenes and many explainations . 
  so yeah , read the novel . 
  as per usual . 
  many of the adaptations i 've seen does n't do the vns justice since studios know they can make money just by using the brand-name alone while cutting corners when it comes to production value ( looking at you 8bit ) . 
  i 've heard that higurashi is one of the better ones , though . 
  it 's way less complex , but just as emotional ( and bloody ) . 
  i did watch the anime adaption about four or so years ago , and i really ought to play the vn as well , but never got around to it . 
  it 's on steam too now i believe , so there are no excuses . 
   and do i need to read original muv-luv to enjoy muv-luv alternative ? 
  definitely , it might not be as good as alternative but it 's still worthwhile and not reading it would be detrimental to your understanding of the plotline . 
  quite a few , and picking a favorite would be hard . 
  rewrite , kara no shoujo 1 & 2 , muv-luv alternative , aiyoku no eustia , steins ; gate , umineko and saya no uta are all really good . 
  currently , i 'm playing himawari but i still have n't played enough to have an opinion about it yet . 
  so far i 'm enjoying it . 
  that 's correct , 
   it 's that , if someone was known to be jewish by their peers , would they be treated differently ? 
  not really , one of my teachers in high school were jewish , and he was a really nice guy . 
  edgy teenagers sometimes use `` jew '' as an insult , so there 's that . 
  different vns , ck2 , overwatch and old-school rs , at least at the moment . 
   what about a choice between a democracy that shits all over progressive values and freedom of speech the question for me is n't what values certain democracies hold but rather that people can partake and have opinions without being persecuted for them , thus , i only consider russia a faux-democracy as the government consistently threaten and vilify people that criticize putin and people who oppose him politically , many of whom often end up on a roadside with a bullet in the back of the head . 
  there is no democracy without freedom of expression , and progressivism is n't some uniform goal in a democracy , it 's just one of many ideologies , the goal is what the people partaking decides are the goal . 
   thousands of your european men and women have joined isis are you talking about ethnic europeans or immigrants ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure a person of arab descent who finds himself agreeing with isis hardly identifies as a european . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion , but personally i think that abolishing freedom of expression a dangerous path for any society to take . 
  banning people who does n't subscribe certain political dogmas from expressing themselves is nothing short of abolishing democracy itself . 
  i can see how both freedom of expression and democracy can be a double-edged sword . 
  you can have tyrannical democracies and people in positions of power can manipulate the public perception on different issues even if the information presented only is partly authentic , but it 's still better than the alternative , i 'd rather have that than a `` ministry of truth '' . 
  even if it 's a manipulative and subversive democracy , it 's still a democracy where the people can have a say . 
  democracy and freedom of expression . 
  honestly , i do n't think most whites in south-africa would mind , there has already been a pretty huge demographic decline due to emigration and at this point , whites only make up 10 % of the population or so . 
  i personally know ( and work with ) a white guy from za who emigrated to norway , and i 've heard horror stories of violence , corruption , and racism , so on and so forth , and i really do n't blame him for leaving . 
  they could try , but they 'd never be able to evict them , even if they wanted to . 
  if i were to have an opinion about it , i 'd say that a peaceful balkanization would be a better solution if a large percentage of the natives hypothetically had a legitimate wish to not live among whites , but it 'd essentially be like racial segregation all over again , but on the terms of the natives , which makes it alright for some reason . 
  for one she 's pretty vocal about her views on immigration , and she has vowed to make the immigration policies of norway one of the strictest in europe . 
  ideologically , she 's also pretty anti social-democracy and more pro free market . 
  generally , people who like her really like her , and people who dislike her * really * dislike her . 
  some people on the left might compare her to trump , but personally , i think that 's a bad comparison because her arguments are coherent and her rhetoric is factual and non-hyperbolic for the most part . 
  she 's probably one of the most popular politicians in norway at the moment too :  opinion polls have consistently shown listhaug to have the highest approval rating of all government ministers from her party , and several others.in september 2016 , a poll showed that 59 % of norway 's population approved of her work on immigration , with less than a quarter disapproving . 
  trude drevland is up there as well . 
  the word you 're looking for is ethnonationalism , americans use white as a demonym for european in most cases because the white population of america tends to be a mix of different european etnicities , and that does n't work very well with ethnonationalism , thus `` whiteness '' becomes the common denominator in the american white identitarian movement . 
  european nationalism is different since we do n't really have the same relationship to `` white '' as americans , it 's more about cultural affinity and the nationhood and less about skin colour . 
  if we were to end up with an eu superstate with the same levels of immigration as of today , we might end up like america though , who knows . 
  yes , lots of people know the trump name . 
  before he announced his candidacy and started campaigning , i really only had a vague impression of who/what kind of guy he was , and that probably was the case for a lot of people . 
  sweden *, 
   on the whole , we have no reason to believe that refugees pose a security concern both [ frontex ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annula_risk_analysis_2016.pdf ) and [ europol ] ( https://www.europol.europa.eu/newsroom/news/islamic-state-changing-terror-tactics-to-maintain-threat-in-europe ) thinks there are certain security concerns regarding the refugees from the middle-east , and i 'm pretty sure these two organizations have a good overview of the situation . 
   and where these people suddenly are coming here in `` huge '' numbers if you look at [ the ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) [ data ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/08/02/number-of-refugees-to-europe-surges-to-record-1-3-million-in-2015/ ) , the number of refugees applying for asylum in 2015 is * significantly * higher than any previous year , and it 's projected to be higher both in 2016 and 2017 . 
  deep fried coca-cola or butter , without a doubt . 
  i do n't know about that , personally , i think knowledge of the language is more important . 
  i 've met norwegian women/men who are married to people who ca n't converse in norwegian , and i they 're not as integrated as people who speak the language and thus understand the culture better . 
  will she make me traditional czech food on a regular basis and keep me well-fed ? 
   the number of foreigners who marry czech women how is that an indicator for whether you 're doing fine or not ? 
  for me , that would n't be a logical thing to reply with if someone asked me that question ( but feel free to send me a czech woman so i can contribute to that statistic ) . 
  one could argue that many of the eastern european nations joined the eu just because of the extensive development aid , on the other hand , you have the uk who more or less had their own tailored deals in the eu , but never were satisfied , obviously . 
  anyways , i do n't think any of the countries in the eu joined for selfless reasons , why would they if there were n't anything to gain from it ? 
  as a responsible man , i always carry the burden of eating the last slice of pizza or the last piece of cake , i might be hated and ridiculed by many , but that does n't stop me from doing what 's needed to be done . 
  ey , what did italians ever do to you ? 
  except for allocating money in our budget to house refugees , there are not many negative ( nor positive ) short-term effects . 
  it 's the long-term impact it might have that 's worrisome to me . 
  welp , ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ * that * ^ ^ ^ djt ^ ^ ^ . 
  i was talking about the president-elect of the united states . 
  it 's brotherly banter , more or less . 
   to me , all the time . 
  why do they think i care ? 
  maybe you 're special . 
  i passed the [ n3 ] ( http://www.jlpt.jp/e/about/levelsummary.html ) ( n5 being the easiest , n1 being the hardest ) proficiency test earlier this month and it 's pretty descriptive as to how good my understanding of the language is . 
  i might add that ( i believe ) my reading is a little bit better than the n3 description since the way i primarily interact with the language is through reading and listening . 
  sadly , there are n't that many japanese people around to practice with , but i 've gotten to know some really nice people through lang-8 , and other language-learning platforms . 
  honestly , all of them , just think about how much it would broaden your understanding of different cultures , human nature and the world at large . 
  if i were to pick one , it 'd probably be french , mostly because i love how it sounds . 
  i 'm currently working towards n2 in japanese , and if i 'm able to hit that goal within a two-year time frame , i 'll be happy . 
  i agree . 
  but , i feel like the reason americans care about ancestry oftentimes has something to do with identity , which makes race and ancestry sort of interchangeable . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong , though . 
   for americans our ancestry can be an interesting hobby but it has no effect on our daily lives . 
  one would think otherwise based on the political climate alone .
