  if it was n't important to some degree , the borderline crazy identity politics you see within the american society would never have gained traction . 
  most proud : * that we 're one of the , if not the most highly functioning democracy in the world ( at least according to the democracy index ) . 
  * our outdoor culture with well-maintained trekking trails , cabins for anyone to use , the freedom to roam , well-maintained skiing trails in the winter and the fact that skiing/trekking , by any measure , is a popular pastime . 
  least proud : * that we 're prone to complying with whatever foreign nations with a substantial amount of power order us to do whether people agree with it or not , the us and china come to mind . 
  * that we 're moving more and more power to brussels , even though people voted against joining the eu for that exact reason , twice ( sorry federalists ) . 
   and you 're saying this is something we should embrace and align ourselves with ? 
  why , exactly ? 
  did i ? 
  i 'm not * just * referring to the post-french revolution style of nationalism , but the nature of that sort of tribalism in itself , and how the idea of nationalism is an expansion of that in a broader perspective , not what it was or was n't in terms of a tool to control the population or not . 
  there have always been ways for the elites to control the populace , both with or without nationalism . 
  in feudal europe , the peasants were forced to go to war , essentially as cannon fodder on the landlord 's whim , or else they 'd be executed . 
  in ancient rome about 30-40 % of the population were slaves . 
  under communism , millions upon millions of people were killed , especially during `` the great leap forward '' and `` the cultural revolution , which arguably were one of the worst genocides in human history . 
  compare to these i 'd call nationalism a lesser evil . 
   so you 're saying that the way people here lived 1000 years ago was not natural , but the way they lived 100 years ago ( or the way you imagine they lived then ) was natural ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  stop with the straw-man type arguments , and stop putting words in my mouth , christ sake . 
   and yet the `` anti-multiculturalism '' brigade seem to see that as the natural state of a country ? 
  today 's nation-states were in design created for the purpose of having one culture within one nation , and discussing whether it 's a natural state for a country is kind of an odd question since , well , the notion of countries and divisions of land stems from this on a fundamental level , our forefathers of course only had a blurry concept of borders ; for them it was about protecting their tribes and hunting grounds , yet the ability to defend these lands against opposing tribes were instrumental in their survival , and in that sense , i 'd argue that having one culture would be the natural state of a nation . 
  whether or not countries or borders in itself are natural is another discussion . 
  i think left-wingers tend to be hypocritical when it comes to this question , and i 've often spoken to many who advocate for the creation of a kurdish state , the independence of tibet among other territorials disputes and my question tend to be `` why '' , if what i wrote above does n't matter , why do the kurds need their kurdistan , why does tibet need to be an independent nation , would n't equal treatment within the countries they reside in be enough ? 
  as far as studies go , i do n't have any specific studies i know about , but i live here , and follow the public discourse when it comes to these matters . 
  the thing that makes scandinavian nations score high on whatever health care statistics you look up is not that the quality of our health care is stellar , but that everyone has access to reasonably good health care . 
  compared to other countries our facilities might be a little run-down and some equipment might be dated , especially when it comes to high-tech surgical equipment . 
  of course , this is not the case for all places , but if i had the power to allocate money in our stated budget , health care would be a priority . 
  the other point is that they lag behind when it comes to approving new forms of treatments that might enhance the quality of life for people , there are for example many cancer patients that are paying out of their own pockets for expensive medication or people with ms who have to travel abroad to get stem-cell therapy . 
  there 's an increasing trend with people getting private health insurance as well , and many people also get it through their jobs , personally i 'd advise anyone who does n't have it to sign up . 
  essentially , if you get cancer or something of the likes , they 'll ship you off to the best hospitals in europe for your specific type of cancer and they 'll pay for both travel , hotel , and the treatment i still wholly support universal health care , but it 's * far * from flawless . 
  unless you have some life-threatening disease , the universal healthcare is not all that great and there 's a whole lot of waiting for anything and everything . 
  the quality of our healthcare and access to new medical technology also lag behind . 
  in rpgs , different races often have different racial `` passive abilities '' or perks which give them some distinct advantage/disadvantage in different scenarios , and he 's asking what the passive ability of your country would be . 
   because people will stare . 
  i 'm pretty sure some people would stare here as well , despite norway being a `` progressive '' country . 
  for instance , as a guy in my 20s , i 've never actually seen two guys hold hands in public before , and that speak volumes as to how normal it is . 
  the third biggest party in norway ( currently in a coalition government with the conservatives ) calls themselves `` classic liberal '' , and generally , embody many of the libertarian values . 
  the thing is transforming a country that has been a social democracy since after ww2 is no easy task , so they 've essentially turned into a social democracy-lite party , slowly trying to nudge norway towards libertarianism . 
  https://www.frp.no/english there 's also a new , more hardcore libertarian party that was formed in 2014 which is growing fairly quickly and is expected to be running in the 2017 election . 
   misinformation in various european countries care to elaborate ? 
   i was confused because i consider this to be a left-leaning subreddit and in the united states the cultural appropriation kind of stuff is strongly a democrat thing . 
  does this stuff exist in your country and is it associated with a particular ideology . 
  perhaps it is only present in the extreme left ? 
  the difference between the us and eu is that identity and identity politics permeate society at a much greater level in the states . 
  most of the people growing up in europe grow up in a country with people of the same culture , with the same norms , etc , so identity is n't really something we think about , ever , it 's just there , working as a glue to hold the nations together , keeping us at least somewhat cohesive . 
  this is where i feel like the european left-wing and the american left-wing diverge . 
  because of the emphasis on identity in the american society , the left has evolved to cater to these issues more so than in europe , and thus enhanced identity politics , spawned the victimhood culture ( oppressor vs. oppressed , we have that in europe as well , but it 's not of a racial nature ) and developed hypersensitivity when it comes to culture/identity , while the european left are more traditional , working for worker 's rights and economic egalitarianism . 
  i feel like that 's the reason that many left-wingers in europe do n't like american identity politics ; it 's so over the top that it divides more than it unites , it leads to tribalism and has quite literally led to racial segregation at some colleges , with black-only dormitories . 
  we might laugh at the blind , american patriotism , but i think it is a social utility that has helped sustain a country of so many different people/cultures while preventing it from falling into disarray . 
  that and the staple individualism america is known for , but with the prevalence of identity politics lately , what 's left of that common identity will start fray around the edges , and that will essentially lead to more polarization , that counter-cultures ( to liberalism ) such as the alt-right are gaining traction should be a major red flag . 
  as a guy that 's half sami , i can confirm that : 1 . 
  the sami part of my family is white ( do n't tell anyone though ) 2 . 
  nobody ( of the people i asked ) gives a flying fuck about representation in a disney movie . 
  the concept of `` cultural appropriation '' is probably what irks me the most about the whole social justice movement , and i find it kind of pathetic , to be honest . 
  culture is n't something that should be confined just to one ethnic group , and being a part of a certain group does n't give you the right to dictate who can or ca n't enjoy certain aspects of their culture , nor does it give them an exclusive ownership over the culture , if italians were to tell me to stop eating pasta , i 'd probably still do it . 
  the only ones getting mad about foreigners wearing `` bunad '' here in norway are the racists , yet , there are probably some ameican with norwegian roots out there who would find it `` culturally insensitive '' . 
  gt or redbull/vodka i would say . 
  knowing the eu , the worst case scenario would probably be an angrily worded letter . 
  basic bitch republican president, 
  owlboy , which was released quite recently has to be my favourite . 
   at the moment there is a case of 14 turkish soldiers who filed for asylum in kaiserslautern where they were stationed in a nato facility . 
  i doubt that they 'll get their requests for asylum granted since nato officially took the `` solidarity with erdo\u011fan '' stance after the attempted coup and if that holds true , they 'll probably be eligible for extradition to turkey to be prosecuted . 
  name checks out . 
  how else should i word it ? 
  i feel like that 's the sentiment amongst people who for vote the populist parties . 
  i 'd say , for most anti-establishment people , it 's career politicians that are a part of the neo-liberal/neo-concervative agenda , who are more concerned about furthering their own goal , rather than being an extention of the will of the nation . 
   but i 've found it difficult to motivate myself to start learning the grammar rules japanese grammar is fairly easy compared to english , or any european language for that matter , and learning it will do a world of good . 
  also , you should learn hiragana/katakana if you have n't already . 
  not that common . 
  the place were i study have both unisex and separated bathrooms though , but as far as i know , most people use the separated ones . 
  political ads in norway are rather unfunny , and they 're usually more of a serious nature . 
  furthermore , it 's illegal to broadcast political advertisements on tv , because it `` undermines democracy by giving an unfair political advantage to parties that have more money to spend '' or something along those lines . 
  thus , political advertisements are confined either to radio , the web ( oftentimes social media ) or public ad space where creativity only can go * that * far , and most of the ads stick to a simple message along the lines of `` vote for us if you want a stronger school system '' , or `` vote for us if you want a more egalitarian society '' so on and so forth . 
  * but * , that did n't stop sv from coughing up [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vlaqhldax8 ) cringy shit . 
  edit : [ this is an actual good and funny one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-u0i-vummw ), 
  take poland , slovakia and hungary for instance , all of them are in favour of the eu , yet they oppose certain policies and are against federalization as far as i can tell . 
  weak , he obviously should have doused it in petrol first . 
   i 'd actually model japan 's immigration policies after norway . 
  it 's still very hard to immigrate to japan and become a citizen as of now . 
  it 's not that much harder than immigrating to norway as a non-eu , non-refugee citizen , most of the time you have to have a relevant degree and a company with a job offer to sponsor your visa etc , just like in japan . 
   i 'm personally very interested in norwegian culture and watch a lot of norwegian movies and tv series , and characters of other ethnicities all seem to be able to speak fluent norwegian . 
  well , of course they 'll hire people that speak norwegian for a norwegian tv-production , and there * are * people that have lived here for years without learning the language -- especially those who comes here through family reunion . 
  i will admit that we 're doing better than , let 's say sweden , belgium or france in regards to integration , and that we do n't have any problematic areas like molenbeek or malm\u00f6 yet , but we 're slowly , but surely moving in that direction too . 
   i go to university in canada right now and believe me , probably 30 % of the people you meet in toronto/vancouver etc. 
  i do n't really think that it is comparable since canada has that pay-for-citizenship thing , which brings different problems , such as the housing bubble and the high prices of property for local residents . 
  [ they do n't ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_japan ), 
  `` interstellar '' , `` the man from earth '' , `` moon '' and `` catch me if you can '' stands out as particularly memorable movies for me . 
  space sci-fi , and sci-fi in general is my fetish and hollywood does that particularly well . 
  i could name tons of other movies as well , such as `` full metal jacket '' , `` django unchained '' and `` no country for old men '' , but that list would be pretty long . 
   societies are easiest to control if everyone acts and thinks in a similar way . 
  that 's a double-edged sword . 
  while it does make a society more susceptible to control , it also makes it easier for the populace to stand together against a greater injustice . 
  take iceland and the panama-papers case for instance , something like 7-8 % of the inhabitants were out protesting against the government . 
  in less stable multicultural societies , fundamental problems like government/corporate corruption might get brushed over by something like a petty ethnic conflict , ( looking at you us of a ) . 
  that 's a very hard question to be fair . 
  i love learning about , and conversing with people of other cultures , and ultimately visit different countries to experience it , but on the other hand for a democracy to properly function , i believe national unity and a national identity is important , which is sort of the main point of a nation-state . 
  if i could form the immigration politcies of norway , i 'd probably model it after a country like sk/japan . 
  essentially , having a level of immigration that does n't allow people to move into a neigbourhood where they wo n't have to engage with the norwegian population at all , and where integrating and speaking the language is instrumental . 
  that way you 'd sort of be able to ensure that there would be little to no conflicts of interst between immigrants and natives , no formation of parallel societies or ghettos , and yet you 'd still be able to have many of the positive aspects of multiculturalism . 
   this is n't a default sub , so it is naturally more left-weaning . 
  although that might be true , i do n't necessarily think that it is the case with this sub .
