  there 's no open debate about the problem either , whenever someone argues against taking in x amounts of migrants the 'll get ridiculed and the opposition will often resort to name calling , then they 'll refer you to the latest `` muh feels '' article from some tabloid and tell you how horrible of a person you are for being such a racist . 
  anything that does n't fit the `` poor , helpless refugee '' narrative does n't get any media coverage anymore . 
  open debate and a non-biased journalism is a relic of the past here . 
   then why call them marxist ? 
  i did n't i said that one particular idea was , that said , there are tons of socialists in the sj-movement as well . 
   trump voter who claims to be oppressed by liberal elites marxist . 
  i 've never heard anyone say something that , people say that they do n't trust career politicians , but that 's about it . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the american working class generally do n't see themselves as victims from a marxist perspective . 
   this is not a matter of left vs. right . 
  this is people getting tired of the washington consensus . 
  both left and right and other movements offer their own tools to break out of it . 
  choose wisely . 
  i would say that it 's a good mix of both , people voted trump for a myriad of reasons , the washington consensus , the alt-right , the lack of jobs or high taxes . 
   identity politics with a different favored identity i think right-wingers do n't touch on identity nearly as much as left-leaning people does , that was evident even in this election with all the race-baiting and namecalling from the democratic side . 
  right-wing ideas tend to be focused around the individual and individualism rather than collectivism , and opposes the idea of a collective identity at almost every juncture , while it 's a staple in left-wing politics . 
  comparing left-wing identity politics with right-wing identity politics ( whatever that is ) seems like a false equivalence since most right-wingers fundamentally and ideologically are opposed to the idea . 
  the alt-right is , of course , different since it 's identitarian through and through , and is a counter-reaction to identity politics . 
  i 'm not going to defend either creationism or climate change denialism because i 'm agnostic at best and i believe that the use of fossil fuels contribute to the changes we see today . 
   that 's illogical . 
  what else is the definition of a marxist than someone with marxist ideas ? 
  most liberals are pretty aloof when it comes to issues such as abolishing capitalism and making a truly classless and egalitarian society , and most of them would probably prefer the status quo if they had to choose one or the other , would n't you say so ? 
  yet they tend to buy the idea that every brown person is oppressed , which is an idea that has its roots in marxism . 
   if it 's about championing an oppressed or `` oppressed '' group , then certainly the right wing , championing the white working class oppressed by pc , the liberal media and immigrants taking their jobs certainly qualifies too . 
  i 'm not sure if i should take this seriously or not because the whole sentence reeks of left-wing smugness with an undertone of cognitive dissonance , but for the sake of argument , i guess i will . 
  the reasons i listed above is only a part of the puzzle and mostly can be attributed to the rise of the alt-right movement which i believe is a part of the reason for trump 's victory . 
  at least they 've managed to recruit a fair share of younger , more informed voters who are tired of sj ax-grinding , identity politics and the general scientific denialism of the left . 
  for instance , both / pol / and t_d have found material related to corruption within the dnc that the mainstream media has reported , the whole `` spirit cooking '' ordeal for instance , which helped turning the tide towards trump . 
  as for the average , run-of-the-mill voter ? 
  i might as well quote my own post :  i would n't say so , both the republicans and the democrats have failed them , and not just the white working class , the afro-american too , especially when the automobile industry went . 
  the problem is that the average working class american and the average small-business owner are n't the ones that reap the fruits of a more globalized world , from their point of view all they see is that the once vibrant towns they grew up and worked in slowly crumble away , jobs being shipped away regardless of what they 've voted for , so of course they feel deceived by the established and to say that it 's their fault is counter-productive and simply a blatant lie when democrats and republicans have had the same policies regarding foreign trade and outsourcing for the last few decades , and i do n't blame them for getting fed up with , and voting against the status quo . 
   as consequence of a left intellectual elite . 
  the position we are in right now is actually the consequence of said white working mans political voting and economical acting since years . 
  i would n't say so , both the republicans and the democrats have failed them , and not just the white working class , the afro-american too , especially when the automobile industry went . 
  the problem is that the average working class american and the average small-business owner are n't the ones that reap the fruits of a more globalized world , from their point of view all they see is that the once vibrant towns they grew up and worked in slowly crumble away , jobs being shipped away regardless of what they 've voted for , so of course they feel deceived by the established and to say that it 's their fault is counter-productive and simply a blatant lie when democrats and republicans have had the same policies regarding foreign trade and outsourcing for the last few decades , and i do n't blame them for getting fed up with the status quo . 
   why is it , that we are perfectly fine with letting others or machines help us if we discover problems or situations that extend our physical capabilities . 
  but if the same happens with intellectual problems , when something extends our mind , we fear to do the same and get intellectual help . 
  what do you mean by intellectual problems and intellectual help ? 
  i 'm not defending whites , my post was a critique of leftist identity politics and how absurd and tribalistic it is . 
  for instance , do you want to know a funny little tidbit the reputable magazine called buzzfeed taught me ? 
  not judging people of colour differently is apparently racist now , if you 're colourblind , you 're a racist , oh and if you correct a black person 's spelling mistakes on a test you 're pretty much the incarnation of hitler himself . 
   i do n't think it is as much marxists ( i 'm not sure if they can even be called marxists ) to blame as neoliberals . 
  well , not karl marx 's class-based marxism , but the frankfurt schools version where they tried to unite ideas from freud 's psychoanalysis with marxism . 
  neolibs pick up bits and pieces of this in their anthropology classes and soon they 're champions of some oppressed minority . 
  they 're not necessarily marxists , but the ideas certainly are . 
   it 's leftist liberals pretending identity does not matter ( among others ) that has caused all this . 
  identity politics are instrumental in modern leftism , but through their oppressor-oppressed ideological lens , identity only matters to those who are oppressed to unite them against the oppressor and white people , in their eyes , tend to be presented as the epitome of oppression - the evil monolith that enslaved , oppressed and violated the population of the earth through imperialism , slavery and wars , and thus , they should be denied of their identity and submit to a culture of guilt , guilt for their history and deeds not committed by the current population , but a handful individuals of their blood long ago . 
  quite frankly , if leftism were coherent and sensible slavery would be perceived as a class issue , not a race/identitarian one , since it was the upper class of every culture that had slaves , even blacks , yet the white working class is the one to blame ? 
  as far as i know most people in feudal europe basically were slaves to the monarchs , the aristocracy , and the clergy up until the french revolution . 
  this is how a democracy becomes a breeding ground for fascism - where conventional political parties do n't offer an alternative/healthy identity , fascism does , and in a democracy where marxist thoughts are rampant , where people of one race are targeted and accused of everything one could imagine between heaven and earth , fascism will rise as a counter-reaction . 
  this is more evident in the us than anywhere else in the world , where the opinions of the white working class man are in large parts dismissed by the elites , the smug liberal media , and the out-of-touch-with-reality marxist theories are taught at almost every university , and yet we are o so flabbergasted when someone like trump is elected ... really ? 
  leftists better learn to understand this , if you piss off huge parts of the population you 're not going to end up achieving your political goals - worse , you 'll cultivate what you oppose . 
   the uk wants to be close to a country where gays ca n't walk in the streets hand in hand ? 
  i mean , gee , fuck having a beneficial relationship with a country that has a different set of values than our own . 
  we might as well cut our ties with china , the middle-east , africa , most of south-east asia and india while we 're at it , then we can wallow in our own progressive values without having to deal with any country that might get our feelings discombobulated , right ? 
  agreed , i feel like they 're doing it to seek affirmation from their peers rather than to actually helping people , that way they can pat themselves on the back feeling good about being the champions of an `` oppressed minority '' . 
  i do n't know how deluded one would have to be to believe that disrupting traffic somehow should aid blacks in their struggles against '' '' `` systemic racism '' '' '' . 
  i mean , if the goal is to make people dislike blacks , they 're making progress . 
  red-sweater guy is definitely a western spy , his squat is lacking the rigour of a post-soviet man . 
  / r/norge is the actual country subreddit while / r/norway is the designated tourist board . 
   the migration policy is in the work what kind of policy ? 
  a quota system like the ones that have been proposed already or something else ? 
  too far dude , dobby did nothing wrong . 
  the far right , but if you take a quick glance at the sheer amount of people succumbing to ideologically motivated terror , the far right problem is minuscule - even here in europe where islamic terrorism is n't ( was n't ) a commonplace . 
  as far as i 'm concerned muslims can live as they please in their own countries , but i 'd much prefer if they put their wahhabist ideas on the shelve before migrating to europe , or even more desirable : islam in general . 
   the problem might be the people pushing those ideologies , not the wider ideologies themselves . 
  islam has many regressive views regardless to be fair . 
  muslims in the uk were asked if they supported the punishments described in the quran and the sunna and the majority of the people asked stated that they did , which includes flogging for consuming alcohol , stoning for adultry and execution of homosexuals . 
   however , it seems more like he was a mentally disturbed person who was exploited by isis . 
  yeah , i believe that too , but my problem is that mainstream media tend to spin the mental illness narrative as islam-apologism rather than taking a step back and thinking `` hmm , this islam ideology that influenced this individual might actually be pretty shitty , nor does it align with western values '' . 
  but yet again , the anti-gay , anti-christian , anti-west sentiment which exists among many muslims get completely brushed over . 
  the only way to stop people from committing acts of terror like the ones we 've seen recently would be to destroy or sterilize the ideological source that fuels this hate to the point where it does n't dictate people 's lives , like what 's happened to christianity over the last centuries , you do n't really see christian europeans slaughtering muslims in the name of the cross anymore , do you ? 
  hopefully this is something muslims can do themselves , but with the saudis funding wahhabi mosques all over europe and with imams preaching hatred , i doubt it will become a reality anytime soon . 
   what maniac brings a gun to a movie theatre ? 
  people like james holmes , elliot rodgers or any other school shooter did n't do what they did to in the name of religion or ideology , which is what distinguishes a mass shooting from a terrorist attack , and i 'm more lenient on calling these people mentally ill solely for their lack of motive . 
  obviously , relating to another individuals psyche is no easy task and people may commit terrorist attacks for a myriad of reasons , some might be weaker mentally , some might not but the similarities is that they 've been radicalized , or have letting themselves become radicalized to the point where they 're willing to give their life in pursuit of a higher goal , and to a point where they can justify taking lives for their cause . 
  so much for an uneventful week in europe ... 
  he 's probably talking about to how poorly the eu handled the migrant crisis . 
   then you can extract `` justice '' on others without concern . 
  this does n't solely apply to religion , or nationalism to be fair . 
  any political or ideological grouping of people tend to use the affirmation of their peers to rationalize wrongdoing against people whom they might not agree with , both on the far-right and on the far-left . 
   why being in europe is essential to britain 's security . 
  so if they leave , somehow they 're going to move the whole island to a different geographical location ? 
  how is that relevant to the discussion may i ask ? 
  i would n't say so , polynesians were n't buddhists and had their own indigenous religion and traditions , until , y' know , they were christianized by europeans . 
  japan also colonized many of the islands during ww2 , but that 's not really relevant for hawaiians . 
  explain to me , why should current generation hawaiians be mad at current generation whites and mistreat them for something they 've never experienced and something the current generations of whites never did ? 
  that 's blatant racism . 
   genetically modifying crops via selective breeding i do n't think selective breeding qualifies as a genetical modification . 
  generally , when people use that term they refer to the act of altering a host organism 's genome through the introduction of a piece of foreign dna that 'll give said organism , in most cases , beneficial attributes . 
  the difference between the two is that you take dna from another non-related organism in many cases , and for some people , it 's a moral imperative not to touch it regardless of how beneficial it might be . 
   if the eu takes a stronger stance on immigration that 's not the crux of the problem in my opinion , the point is that the eu is largely seen as an ideological project aligned with certain ideas , and people that opposed these ideas will , of course , be against the eu as they 're seen as an undemocratic and unchangeable bastion of those ideas , generally speaking , centre-left ideas and liberalism . 
  i think the solution would be to treat the eu more as a transparent national democracy where people can vote for representatives that promote their particular interests , be it immigration , economics , the environment , globalization or any other political issue . 
  the eu should n't be defined by liberalism , but rather by our shared interests and it should be more adaptable to accommodate the political climate . 
  if you promote the idea of shared interests rather than ideas tied to a certain ideology people would probably see the benefits to a larger degree . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
   buffoon , 1540s , `` type of pantomime dance ; '' 1580s , `` clown , '' from middle french bouffon ( 16c . 
  ) , from italian buffone `` jester , '' from buffa `` joke , jest , pleasantry , '' from buffare `` to puff out the cheeks , '' a comic gesture , of echoic origin . 
  is n't the leader also a comedian ? 
  even he , as the most powerful man in the world , could not stop them ... 
  and do n't forget about the * polish * death camps .
