   the expectation is to get them out of poverty and ensure they have a sustenance . 
  sweden does this well . 
  sure , you can give people money and make it look good on paper , but that does n't necessarily mean it 's sustainable long term . 
  well , it would n't be the case if mainstream parties properly addressed people 's concerns about immigration , rather than giving vague answers and then proceed not to change anything about the immigration policies at all . 
  why federalism ? 
  the idea strikes me as a political dogma from the 20s , especially since writing such as the `` ventotene manifesto '' and `` praktischer idealismus '' somehow still has its relevancy , and if the end goal of federalism is as described in either piece of writing , i ca n't say that i 'm fond of the idea . 
  i 'm generally pro-eu , pro-integration , pro-common armed forces , and a single market , but i think the goal of the eu should be freedom of self-determination for the nations within , rather than hyper-egalitarianism . 
  i 'm saying that i prefer cultural homogeneity and stability rather than multiculturalism , not that we should n't help refugees . 
  yes , of course ^ ^ / s, 
  y' know , i really do n't agree with bannon , and i detest the guy based on what i 've read about him , but i would n't want to self-determinate norway into an overly multicultural society just as a `` fuck you '' either . 
   polls for hillary were right : she did win the popular vote , but she did n't win them in the right states ( and state-by-state i think the only surprise was pennsylvania , the rest were either called right or ended within the margin of error ) do n't you think polling and statistics companies operating within the us take the electoral college into account ? . 
  as far as i know , the methodology of the polling companies is to survey different constituencies in different states and use projected amount of delegates as the basis for their prediction rather than using the popular vote as a measurement . 
  that 's why it was a shock for many of the pollsters that trump actually won . 
   `` it is isolation that would destroy us , it would lead us towards degenerating in inbreeding , '' the finance minister argued . 
  `` for us , muslims in germany are an enrichment of our openness and our diversity . 
  look at the third generation of turks , especially the women . 
  that is an enormous innovation potential . '' i think the rhetoric is quite odd , even within the context . 
   sch\u00e4uble had made a remark in june that if europe were to isolate itself , this would cause europe to degenerate into inbreeding . 
  right , the sentinelese have lived on an island for thousands of years with a population in the hundreds , yet they 've somehow managed to survive , but europe , with a vast array of different ethnicities would degenerate into inbreeding ? 
  really makes you think ... 
  i ca n't wait until someone finds a naturally occurring nepalese flag or the flag of mozambique for that matter . 
   saying fuck israhell they should be thrown in the sea it 's antisemitic . 
  that does n't really strike me as anti-semitic . 
  there are lots of people who hate israel for different reasons without being anti-semitic , leftists in norway tend to hate the country of israel and claim that it 's an illegal occupation etc. 
  but i doubt anyone of them hates judaism . 
  anti-semitism is when you hate a jew just because he 's jewish . 
  all the nordics are doing fairly well , ^ ^ ^ ^ then ^ ^ ^ ^ there ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ iceland . 
   this is the exact rhetoric that i was talking about . 
  why do you think the us was trying to make france a puppet state ? 
  i doubt that 's the case , but since the creation of nato , it has mostly been used to do america 's bidding and as a tool to enhance their jingoism , whether just or unjust . 
  what did europe gain from `` the war on terror '' or the bombing of libya ? 
  oh yeah , an elevated terror threat and a refugee crisis amongst other things . 
  eh , jakubinmarian notoriously has flawed statistics . 
  if you 're remotely interested in correct data you should check [ oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/health/obesity-update-2014.pdf ) instead . 
   people can genuinely believe a lot of things that have nothing to do with the objective reality , especially so in such post-factual , emotional times . 
  that applies to both sides of the political spectum . 
  the objective reality is that immigration will change the political landscapes of europe one way or another and if you think differently you 're the post-factual one . 
  after all , most people tend to vote in their self-interest or in the interests of their group , and if the current trends in migration do n't change , there will be a time where said groups * will * reach critical mass , and people would be in for a rude , exsistential awakening . 
  i do n't really see that happening though , since people will increasingly vote far-right parties if the current political establisment does n't properly adress the concerns about immigration , and far-right parties are n't known for liking the eu very much , so not only is the question exsistental , it 's also a question about the integrity of the eu and wether it shoud dismantle itself or not . 
  brexit and trump were the symptoms , and if nothing changes , more is to come , believe me . 
   he was a symbol back in the days and quite important person in commie part of the world . 
  goes to show what a twisted ideology it is . 
  forcing conscientious objectors , homosexuals , religious people , and anyone deemed `` anti-socials '' by the government into labor camps and notoriously suppressing people 's freedom of expression as well as executing political and suspected political dissidents while denying people of basic human rights ? 
  and yet he 's hailed as a `` great revolutionary '' by leftists in the west , who at the same time claims to be the champions of democracy and freedom of expression . 
  that said , i 'm not implying that the batista-regime were any better , but castro still was a shitty leader . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not saying that they 're not pushing an agenda ; of course they are , but what they 're doing is not illegal . 
  essentially they 're only utilizing the freedom of expression we 're fortunate enough to have . 
  but if you know something about the shady inner workings of the journalistic underworld i do n't , please , do tell . 
  it 's not like breitbart would be the only foreign paper with an agenda in france , take huffpo for instance , they 'll probably vehemently advocate against a le pen presidency , and i 've yet to hear people cry about that and that they 're allowed to have a voice in the discussion . 
  edit : and it 's not like the american executives of breitbart will proofread whatever the journalists decide to write . 
  what they will do is to hire french writers and journalists that have similar views and a similar vision to that of the magazine and give them an arena to express themselves on . 
  edgy . 
  high-fructose clorinated corn syrup sawdust chicken cheese, 
   you mean , the us put the rubble back together . 
  the us planned , financed , and supplied the power-war reconstruction in europe and japan . 
  it was american expertise that converted war-torn countries into successful , capitalist economies . 
  access to the us market and us financing was responsible for most of immediate postwar growth in europe and japan . 
  while that is true ( and believe me , i 'm happy it panned out the way it did ) , you 're fooling yourself if you think the us did what they did for altruistic reasons . 
  it was a power grab , no doubt about that and a way for the us to solidify their position in the world at the time . 
  consequently , wwii was the event that altered the american foreign policy from isolationism to interventionism . 
  and while the us is not perfect , i 'll agree with the sentiment that what the us did in japan and europe probably was the best course of action , after all , we 've had an unprecedented period of peace and and progress , much thanks to the framework the us facilitated post-wwii . 
  however , that does not mean that the us should n't be subjected to critique where it 's due . 
  i 'd say that metal festivals have a more seasoned and slightly older crowd compared to your average edm/pop festival , and a metal festival definitely feels more close-knit , at least in my experience . 
  europe = / = the european union . 
   the idea that a `` wave of immigrants '' will engulf your country at any moment is just tabloid fear mongering propaganda . 
  i do n't recall saying , nor implying that i have such a fear . 
  if a `` wave of immigration '' engulfs my country , so be it , but i 'd rather prefer it not to happen . 
  depends on how you view trade honestly , what the guy you responded to said is n't the reason though . 
  if you view human labor as a commodity ( i.e goods and services ) , free trade ca n't exist without freedom of movement as it would restrict workers from offering their services to potential employers and the other way around , essentially it would restrict the market . 
  if you do n't , free trade can exist without free movement as long as people have the ability to offer their products to potential buyers in a competitive market setting . 
  i 'm prone to agreeing with the latter as unrestricted immigration tend to lead to more negatives than positives . 
  why not both ? 
   the misery and chaos of the world outside the eu is brought to us via internet , tv and the refugees on a daily basis , yet european nationalists are incapable of understanding the obvious . 
  nationalists dislike the eu exactly * because * many of them feel like they 're moving the chaos of the outside world into their nation-states . 
  also , the eu , as a unified nation , really could n't do much to resolve any military conflict anyways except for sending angry letters and voting in the un security council to send peacekeeping forces . 
  overarching interventionism went out of style after ww2 . 
  this might be a hard pill to swallow but if we were to suddenly distribute wealth evenly it would cause calamity rather than making people rich . 
  the inflation caused by liquidating tons of assets would alone make people not-so-rich anymore right away , furthermore , i do n't think most people are capable of handling large amounts of money responsibly . 
  as an citizen of the us , thank you france . 
  we would n't be an independent nation without ~ ~ you . ~ ~ that one monarch who hated the british and also did some other stupid shit . 
  `` self-healing , radioactive mutants deployed by russia votes for a new f\u00fchrer '', 
  b-but he sat on the floor in a train, 
  with the refugee crisis and the terrorist attacks as of late people definitely has become more wary of muslims and immigration has become a bigger part of the political discourse . 
  i fall on the side of the spectrum where i think limiting immigration is good and i do n't really mind the overton window moving rightwards on that matter in particular , but there are people out there who use the the terrorist attacks as a justification to judge muslims as a group and not as individuals , which i think is bad . 
  nothing beats well made indian food for me . 
   biological arguments are stupid . 
  right , biology permeates and determinate the behaviors of every living creature , but somehow we 're the exception to the rule ? 
  sure , arguments such as `` women should stay at home because x '' are stupid , but biology can be used to explain the disparity between men and women in fields such as engineering or nursing and those arguments does have some merit in my opinion . 
  and we take biological arguments for granted when it come so to physically taxing labour . 
   is it for the good or bad ? 
  neutral , you 're a quite active poster and your alias is n't the hardest to remember as it reads easily compared to some of the more intricate combinations of words and letters that some people might have as their username . 
  i do n't remember you for any one post in particular , but my general impression is that * most * of the posts you make are insightful and well-thought-out . 
  the downside of high wages are high prices , unfortunately . 
  as a norwegian , pretty much anything is cheaper anywhere else . 
  i study in a city fairly close to the swedish border and as a consequence , i 've been crossing the border whenever i need to buy anything . 
  including , but not limited to alcohol , groceries , clothing , dental care , glasses , kitchenware/cutlery etc. 
  and i 've probably saved thousands of euros over the course of my studies doing so . 
  furthermore , swedish grocery stores have about 3x the selection compared to their norwegian counterpart and at this point , whenever i do my shopping in norway it feels like i 'm being ripped off . 
   special ~ ~ questions ~ ~ reasons to argue his point of view,
