  what aspects of liberalism do you dislike by the way ? 
  well , whatever you say , to me it looks like you 're trying to make breivik into something he is not to rationalize your own world view . 
   the issues with extreme christianity as a fringe or only tangentially related movement . 
  could you elaborate a little , or give any concrete examples as to what you see as the problems ? 
  there are obviously more conservative christians in the us compared to norway so you might have some insights i do n't have . 
   and yet criminalize mainstream islam . 
  there 's obviously only a small minority of muslims that are extremist , but mainstream islam is quite conservative in nature and that 's why they 're under more scrutiny relative to mainstream christianity , and overall i 'd say we are rather accommodative . 
  if a congregation here in norway were to hold and propagate the views similar to those propagated in your average mosque , chances are that they 'd be branded as christian fundamentalists , and in that sense , we 're giving muslims quite a bit of leeway in the name of cultural relativism . 
   he called himself a crusader , wonder what religion he got that from ? 
  the word crusader holds significant historic and symbolic value . 
  sure , early on he was regarded as a christian fundamentalist simply because we did not have adequate information about his motives and ideology , but what was later unraveled pointed toward militant right-wing extremism rather than religion , not to say that he was n't inspired by extreme christians , but they were far from his main source of inspiration . 
   to deny the destructive realities of christianity exemplifies the exact institutional racism i believe exists in norway there is n't a problem with either orthodox judaism or conservative christianity in norway , and the media are not trying to deny anything , but they ca n't write about something that simply is n't tangible . 
  breivik was a christian for the symbolic value alone , he was not a christian fanatic and certainly not motivated by christian doctrines . 
  what he did was almost purely political , based on a hatred of leftism and `` cultural marxism '' . 
   i guess i would probably consider that to be evidence of institutional racism , in the media at least . 
  well , the media really ca n't pay heed to something that is n't a problem in norway , conflating conservative christianity with radical islam does n't really work either as only the latter has significant problems with destructive radicalization ( i.e norwegian citizen traveling to fight for isis ) . 
  classical music was the european predecessor to the new american genres , but one could still argue that european classical music were very much a global genre at its time , at least in what was then perceived as the civilized world . 
  composers like vivaldi greatly influenced bach , mozart , beethoven , and tchaikovsky , and in general , composers in the classical period influenced each other regardless of their nationality . 
  before the american genres : a mix of german-influenced classical music and norwegian romantic era folk-influenced music . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkfgdqxefke ) [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqwnkawyspo ) is from the late 1100s or early 1200s and has more of a folkish tone , but i 'd be lying if i were to say that this one was n't global to a certain degree as well as the ballad describe how the frankish military leader roland was defeated in battle ( la chanson de roland ) . 
  if you 're talking about the greeks back in the days , sure . 
  there were n't any christian dogmatics back then , but they were still expected to have a wife and children and it 'd probably be perceived as unnatural to not have an interest in the opposite gender . 
  the gay thing was reserved for when there was no woman around as far as i understand . 
  there 's always this misconception that refugees commit crimes as soon as they arrive . 
  for actual refugees , committing crime would definitely not be in their self-interest if they 're trying to gain residence in a country . 
  the problems with crime arise later when/if integration fails and when immigrants segregate themselves into certain areas of cities whilst harboring a contempt towards anyone that does n't share their values , or against the culture of the host country . 
   `` boiling chips '' moderating radicalism , something that annoys radicals greatly ; a great benefit in itself . 
  when you say radicals , do you mean historically speaking , or do you mean current day radicals ? 
  anti-vaccers do n't strike me as rednecks . 
  in norway they 're more often than not people from the upper middle class who has all the prerequisites to know that it 's bs , yet the refuse to listen to reason , they 're the type of people that drink weird smoothies to `` detox '' their bodies and refuse to eat gluten because it might damage the chakra or something equally stupid . 
   cultural/racial supremacists . 
  that 's not a conspiracy though , it 's a word view , and it does n't really make any less sense than * complete * relativism . 
  when it comes to race , sure , i do n't really believe in supremacy , but i ca n't approach culture like that as it would force me to have to defend the indefensible to maintain the principle of equal treatment , especially when it comes to cultures that impede aggressively on people 's liberties , freedoms , and consent . 
  culture comes into play at every interaction , so claiming that all the parts of a different culture are inferior to your own would be asinine , but aspects of cultures such as americans chopping off the foreskins on newborn children or that forced/planned marriage still is a common practice in india/pakistan , as well as many mena countries , are features i regard as inferior to a culture where an individual has the right to choose whether or not they want to have their foreskin chopped off , or a culture where someone can get married to whoever they adore . 
  in norway , you generally do the dating stuff after when you 're a couple and although we 're about that equality , the guy often ends up paying at a restaurant or at the movies . 
  splitting the bill is not uncommon though . 
  what 's fat shaming really ? 
  is it just a newspeak name for bullying or something else ? 
  my grandfather on my mother 's side was a part of the resistance movement and did a lot of spying/reconnaissance , while my grandfather on my father 's side built rails for the reich using russian pows , he did n't talk a lot about it , but i 've heard from my grandmother that his hand was forced , and as a railway engineer , his knowledge were quite useful to the germans . 
   at the national scale , yes . 
  european non-muslims are n't having enough kids to replace themselves , so importing people with a european culture but higher fertility rates should help it . 
  the fertility rate tends to adjust itself within one generation or so , also , migration for economic purposes is a quick fix for a more fundamental problem . 
   the main difference is that in the us cops are poorly trained and laws are permissive such that summary executions for misdemeanors happen and low-level police brutality is 10x as common . 
  that i do n't disagree with . 
   if you dilute them with americans , mexicans , brazilians , haitians that might reduce the echo chamber effect . 
  do you think these people from fairly religious ( catholic ) countries willingly would move into a muslim ghetto ? 
  to me , that sounds like a recipe for disaster more than a solution . 
   i 'm thinking about redesigning work visa programs to favor people from western cultures while getting some humanitarian benefits ( helping poor black men who 'd be at risk of getting shot by police and helping people get health insurance and jobs that pay a living wage ) . 
  people who are at the risk of getting shot by the police probably are people who also happen have a high likelihood of committing crime , and i 'll assume that you 're not aware that , in fact , [ black people are * not * really getting disproportionately shot by the police ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/12/upshot/surprising-new-evidence-shows-bias-in-police-use-of-force-but-not-in-shootings.html?_r=0 ) . 
  or does your statement `` helping poor black men who 'd be at risk of getting shot by police '' have an implied `` because they 're more likely to be criminals '' in front of it ? 
  the best option would be budapest-helsinki-tokyo , it 's both cheap ( 600-650 for the round trip ) and the flight is `` only '' 12-ish hours ( 14hrs travel time with layovers/stopover according to google . ), 
  you can pm me if you have any questions as i 've been to japan more than once . 
   reducing science spending ; well ... we had our own instrument for getting the stuff into our country and its always a conservative , and therefore right wing thing to think of it as unnecessary . 
  i do n't necessarily think right-wing is synonymous with anti-science . 
  i 've heard tons of left-wingers make illogical arguments against stuff like gmos and nuclear power , both of which are vastly beneficial , while at the same time praising alternative medicine . 
  that a conservative government cut spending when it comes to science concerns itself more with economic theory than with some anti-science sentiment , the idea is that a competitive market with a higher economic mobility , in most cases will be able to allocate their resources much better and use them more efficiently than a heavily subsidized market or a market with huge state entities ever could . 
  about 70 % of the funding for research and development in the us comes from the private sector so whatever a conservative government cuts in funding , will in many cases be reimbursed with tax cuts . 
  the american government-mandated funding of science also happens to disproportionately go towards social sciences and humanities , which in most cases is the equivalence of dousing money in petrol and lighting it on fire . 
  i love this meme where the term `` diversity '' basically boils down to the colour of one 's skin , rather than personality and ideas . 
  pretty much this . 
  question : do you have straight a 's ? 
  if yes , you might get in , if no , do n't bother . 
  if you 're in a touristy area anywhere in the world , people will be wary of scammers , and that 's not exclusive to asia , believe me . 
  the first time the name of the city was mentioned was in 871 and that 's generally the point we 're counting from , [ the coat of arms ] ( https://media.snl.no/system/images/11521/standard_k-toensb.gif ) is from around 1350 . 
  the name is t\u00f8nsberg by the way . 
  an online friend from germany came to visit me and another friend here in norway about two weeks ago , and except for the hangover , we had an awesome time !, 
  i guess the notion starts with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harald_fairhair ) guy , at least that 's how i feel . 
  we have a package deal that costs 110 $ ( internet , tv , phone ) and the speed is 500/500 mbps . 
  it might be an overkill , but it feels so good . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy  social democracy originated as a political ideology that advocated an evolutionary and peaceful transition from capitalism to socialism using established political processes in contrast to the revolutionary approach to transition associated with orthodox marxism . 
  in the early post-war era in western europe , social democratic parties rejected the stalinist political and economic model then current in the soviet union , committing themselves either to an alternate path to socialism or to a compromise between capitalism and socialism . 
  in this period , social democrats embraced a mixed economy based on the predominance of private property , with only a minority of essential utilities and public services under public ownership . 
  as a result , social democracy became associated with keynesian economics , state interventionism , and the welfare state , while abandoning the prior goal of replacing the capitalist system ( factor markets , private property and wage labor ) with a qualitatively different socialist economic system . 
  you do n't play cs : go or dota 2 ? 
  by the gods . 
  the real question still remains though , rei or asuka ? 
   chamomile tea that 's the good stuff , especially if you add honey and lemon . 
  you can read their [ manifesto ] ( http://viernorge.no/the%20alliance.html ) essentially they compare the eea to a rogue eu membership , which it is to a certain degree . 
  a taco place was going to give out free tacos if he lost , but they did it anyways when he won . 
  i guess that 's the extent of the ramifications . 
  oh , and some guy made an anti-eea party that will be running this election . 
  the thing trump might affect the most when it comes to domestic policies is probably military expenditure since countries are expected to meet the 2 % of gdp nato requirement , more so than before . 
  the area i live in is not that popular among foreign tourists , but there are tons of norwegian tourists from oslo here in the summer . 
   we all have sanctioned and even attempted to start regime change on smaller countries that have done half what trump has . 
  like what ? 
  i 'd say left wing economically and centric socially . 
  most of the people here are reasonable enough not to buy into many of the far-left social ideas and this sub is by no means a `` fuck whitey '' circlejerk like many of the american lefty subreddits , but that might be because american leftism is a * little * more identitarian compared to european leftism . 
   the most common situation seems to be that they get enough support to either enter into a coalition or force the rest of the spectrum into a grand coalition in sweden that has been working out in sds favour more than not . 
  we 'd certainly never elect anyone as brazen as trump , but people with similar ideas that present them in a reasonable non-hyperbolic manner and back them up with factual data might have a shot at winning . 
  edit : a lot of the stuff trump said in his campaign would never fly , but the anti-globalism and anti-immigration sentiment certainly are growing . 
  what was good about it ? 
  generally , people tend to complain about the customer service here , rather than to praise it . 
  i do n't know , but the last time i checked people in the us from china does better on almost any metric compared to whites . 
  for example when it comes to average income and representation in ivy league schools . 
  does it mean that whites should fight against the chinese oppressors ? 
   you still do n't sound nordic to me what does `` sounding nordic '' even mean ? 
  there are lots and lots of people in norway that think the eu is an undemocratic institution run by technocrats that are out to undermine national sovereignty wherever and whenever they can , and if you were to ask some random norwegian person on the street how they feel about the eu , you 'd likely get a similar answer more often than not . 
  gaijin is n't shortened , it 's just the more casual way of saying foreigner , while gaikokujin is the more polite way of saying it . 
  it 's not like the abbreviated words you find where they just chop words in half and glue them together . 
  personal computer becomes pasokon for instance .
