  / u/tonygaze , / u/dalnore , / u/non-rhetorical , / u/h2ppyme , / u/werkstadt and / u/william _ wisenheimer are the ones i can think of on the spot . 
   i 'm curious because coming from the united states , i wonder if maybe there 's some european countries that would be more fitting for me . 
  here i feel like my whole life is pressured around finding a job . 
  even college here is centered around jobs more than actually being an educated citizen , average americans work 8 hours a day , ca n't pay off their bills and if you 're poor here you have to work even more and even then you 're more miserable . 
  sounds like most countries , norway included . 
  sure , we do have some social safety for unemployed people , but if you 're not actively looking for a job the amount of money you receive will be reduced significantly . 
  it 's in most of the stores at this point i 'd say . 
  i live near a rema , coop , and a kiwi , and i 've noticed that all of them sell sriracha . 
  personally , i 've grown to like the sauce after eating it at work fairly often ( we had hot dishes for lunch ) , and i oftentimes use it at home as well . 
  cars : porsche , jaguar , mercedes clothing : armani , gant , hugo boss etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the things regarded as upper-class luxury brands can be regarded as such elsewhere as well . 
  quirite, 
  apparently , these drills were n't very effective . 
  i like it . 
   well , by trying to intimidate them , they try to keep them from spreading their ideas and having public gatherings/public attention , which one might argue is n't all that useless . 
  i seriously doubt any sa member thinks communists/jews change their minds because of a good old beating , but they try to limit their influence on others . 
  straight outta weimar . 
  one of my childhood friends , and my neighbour for about four years was a refugee from bosnia . 
  the first impression for me as a kid was a little odd as i recall it . 
  we had a swing in the backyard and he 'd show up uninvited to use it and that 's how i met him . 
  my parents approached him to ask and came to the conclusion that it was alright for him to use the swing from time to time . 
  he was definitely a nice kid , albeit a little bit weird at times . 
  he lived with his uncle and grandparents and as a clueless kid i wondered why and i asked him about it and he would n't answer , but later on i learned that both of his parents were killed in the war . 
  eventually we moved away and we drifted apart , but as far as i know he 's doing fine right now , and i 've met him at parties several times in the recent years . 
  in middle school i also dated ( as far as middle-school dating goes ) a girl from the same region for a little while , but her parents were strict , got mad when they found out and barred her from hanging out with me . 
  few years down the line she 's turned religious , wearing a hijab and she solely hang out with other muslims , and that 's pretty much the last i saw of her . 
  i have no idea where she is or what she 's doing at this point in time as she deleted all her social-media accounts at one point or another . 
  i 'd say it 's willful ignorance more than anything ; people acting like they know less than they do so they can make blanket statements and sweeping generalizations , and i think that it is especially prevalent in euro-centric subs . 
  after all , we 're on a primarily english-speaking website with a large american audience and tons of america-related content . 
  based on that fact alone , it 's not unreasonable to assume that most europeans on here know more about america than the other way around . 
  in my opinion , it * should * be merit-based only . 
  if people are comming to your country to work in skilled jobs ( teachers , engineers etc. ), 
  they 'll generally have a completely different mindset and approach regarding language , culture and everything in between . 
  furthermore , there wo n't be problems with unemployment , radicalization and immigrant ghettos forming . 
   in california we like to think we provide a special environment for entrepreneurs compared to norway , probably . 
  tons of tech startups take their business to the us rather than staying here . 
  my school had russian , which i took and subsequently ended up failing in . 
  i do n't have the impression that sweden is particularly `` battle-ready '' compared to any other country or that they 're heavily militarized for that matter . 
  what will * you * say when your child asks `` why did n't you invest in eastern poland ? '', 
  you either park far away or in some expensive privately owned car park , parking illegally will get you a fine 99.99 % of the time so it 's never worth it to take the risk . 
  what can i say ? 
  dead snow is an accurate depiction of life in norway . 
  my family has a cabin in the mountains with an atv , a snow scooter and some hunting rifles so that 's probably where i 'd hang out in the case of a zombie apocalypse while trying to wait it out , not getting chomped to death . 
   there is nothing that makes me , my mother , or you that makes me inherently better than anyone else . 
   if a loved one commits evil , i will fight against them . 
  but i know they wo n't , hence why i love them . 
  so your premise is n't sound . 
  that 's a bold statement or a shallow kind of love . 
  you may claim something else , but if two people committed the same crime , one of which you loved , you 'd have an innate bias to judge them differently because at the end of the day , you * value * them differently . 
  people inherently value things differently and this logic is vastly applicable to pretty much every aspect of life . 
  some people would pay 10 $ for a turkey sandwich , others would n't pay at all , and then there 's those who ask themselves why , since , of course , the turkey sandwich * must * be equal to all the other sandwiches , and fundamentally there is n't a sandwich that is better or worse than the others . 
  claiming that equality is some sort of moral , unwavering , divine framework that should n't be questioned and treating it as such is deceptive at best . 
  after all , picking favorites * is * , by definition , to assign a different value to things , and fundamentally something that is n't compatible with ideologies that promote egalitarianism . 
  but if you can live with an apparent contradiction such as the aforementioned one , be my guest . 
   you did n't say that . 
  you said that its to ` support the right of [ your people ] to self-determinate ' . 
  thats different . 
  self-determination oftentimes entail having an elected body of representatives . 
  having a government and self-determination as a nation are n't mutually exclusive you know . 
  if a tyrannical government is holding the people they 're representing at gunpoint , sure . 
  but in a democracy , most of the time that is not the case , and most people - whether they agree or disagree with a particular democratic decicion or not , will , in most cases loosely agree with the democratic principles and process . 
   well obviously i care about an election in italy more because it has an impact on me and my loved ones . 
  if you have a disdain for the state and read marx , i 'd assume that you view everyone as equals , or do you prefer your loved ones over people you do n't know ? 
  that does n't sound very egalitarian now does it ? 
  are you saying that a government in a nation-state is n't putting the interests of the nation that they 're representing before the interests of other nations ? 
  furthermore , do you equally care about a presidential election in mozambique and italy ? 
  after all , if you did not put your nation first , both should be of equal importance to you . 
  tell me , then , what is ? 
  if you 're supporting your nation-state , what it inherently means is that you support the right of [ your people ] to self-determinate , whether it 'd be civic or ethno-nationalism . 
   gon na have to provide some examples mate i 'd argue that most countries who are n't hell-bent on the destruction of their own nation-state would fit the bill , meaning pretty much every country that is n't regarded as `` the west '' . 
  and even among western nations , there are varying degrees of nationalism present . 
  in that case , imperialism is what 's causing the conflict , not nationalism , and of course imperialism will cause conflict regardless of it 's shape or hue as the basis is country x exploits country y. 
  and in that regard , communists have just as bad a track record as the nationalists , especially post wwii . 
  i 've moved rightwards in terms of economic policies , but that ca n't be attributed to either trump , brexit or the geopolitical situation at large . 
  my stance on most other things have n't changed significantly . 
  i 'm still diggin that freedom of association and expression . 
  they 're chipping away at the integrity of the eu if anything . 
   on reddit yes , on reddit . 
  most people probably feel indifferent , and if people like him , more times than not it 's because someone has told them to like him and presented liking him as the consensus . 
   yes norwegian media is more right wing populist , with these narratives . 
  our media is * far * from right wing populist , it 's mostly factual with a slight left-wing bias . 
  it 's not a norwegian media narrative . 
  i 've read those articles in swedish newspapers , not norwegian ones . 
  also , the incident that you 're mentioning has nothing to do with what i said . 
  my mother 's side of the family goes as far back as you can trace ( church records from the 1500s ) . 
  my father 's side i do n't know too much about , but i 'm pretty sure there 's some finnish heritage in there somewhere and that they migrated here in the 1500s or 1600s . 
  i feel like the political discourse in sweden is more polarized and it shows in more than one way . 
  both the far-left and the far-right have a much greater presence compared to norway . 
  it shows in the media as well where there 's at least a couple articles a year in their major newspapers about the evil and nationalistic norwegians and how they dare wave their flags at skiing-competitions or make movies dedicated to the feats of some national hero . 
  they do n't have that many mountains ( or fjords ) , but on the other hand , the selection and price in their supermarkets vastly outclasses whatever we have here , and i 've heard tales about the fabled `` hot school meals '' whatever that is . 
  apparently they 're more formal than us as well , atleast according to some swedish tv-personality . 
  a big one might actually be that sweden is more centralized due to `` millionprogrammet '' in the 60s and 70s where they built tons of cheap housing in the suburbs with the goal of centralizing , where as the norwegian policy has been more centerd towards the districts and local politics . 
  the nordic broadcasting companies are also cooperating on many different projects , `` skavland '' and `` broen '' to mention a few . 
  god shed his grace on thee . 
  i mean , the nordic resistance movement ( neo-nazis ) wants to turn finland/sweden/denmark / norway/iceland into a nordic state , but other than that , i do n't think there 's a lot of people that want a greater norway . 
  however , sweden still need to return bohusl\u00e4n and j\u00e4mtland to their original owner , or else there will be blood . 
   because we tend to overthink everything until it 's racist . 
  if you think about it , the only way not to be some sort of person that 's a _____ - ist / - phobe is either not to think or not exist at all . 
  it seems to me that the purveyors of identity politics have a disdain for bias or expectations in any shape or form , and these things are quite hard to get away from unless from you live in a vacuum . 
  whenever people ( americans in particular ) use norway as an example to illustrate that socialism works .
