http://alientube.co/ or just replace them with reddit comments . 
  prime minister of turkey ? 
  i mean , that must be worth at least something ... 
   its a generally accepted view in the field of economics while this is true , it is not a gerally accepted view among the population . 
  ask a random guy on the steet and he 'll tell you that the damn immigrants are taking their jobs and leach off of their welfare . 
  no , not a tube system . 
  he 's talking about [ stuttgart 21 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuttgart_21 ) . 
  they want to build a massive new train station , underground , just for the sake of it . 
  it 's been estimated that by the time it 's finished , it will already be to small to handle the traffic going through it and will be a massive pain in the ass to expand . 
  you can find it in google images if you search for `` superglue merkel '' . 
  but like / u/mettwurstkaninchen said , i 've got it from one of my propaganda dvds : `` die sch\u00f6nsten merkel-bilder des monats august 2013 '' . 
  how did you find that in such a low resolution ? 
  sadly , i have to agree . 
  now that we have basically no opposition in our parliament , merkel is going to do whatever she wants and nobody 's going to stop her . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ja327_fqg ) was recently awarded the best speech of 2013 . 
  it 's by opposition leader gregor gysi who says snowden should get an asylum and we need to heavily pressure the us to stop their surveilance , otherwise germany is going to loose its souvereignty . 
  if you look at merkel to his right , she 's not even listening to him . 
  that was a month ago and absolutely nothing has happened - except more and more revelations . 
  our government does n't even care anymore . 
   serbia is strong !, 
  [ hehe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1bofcm/ ), 
  just because everyone does it , does n't mean you ca n't hate it . 
  a little bit of mix and matching would be nice . 
  i 'd like to be able to vote for the security policy of party a , environmental policy of party b and the foreign policy of party c , because currently , there is no party that matches all of my interests . 
  they even asked for him to get the bundesverdienstkreuz which is the highest honoring you can get in germany, 
  it 's not like the uk and us are the only ones with massive spying programs . 
  i bet almost every other country has it 's own program comparable to prism , they just have n't been leaked yet . 
   imaging the sections by microscope took a combined 1,000 hours and generated 1 trillion bytes of data . 
  that 's not actually that much if you think about it . 
  1,000 hours of work is the amount 1 person does within a year at 40hrs/week and `` 1 trillion bytes '' is a terabyte . 
  i 'm not trying to say that this was easy , but that sentence is certainly a lot more sensational than it needs to be . 
  especially the trillion bytes sound like so much more than what they actually are . 
   but completing another atlas at such a high resolution would create about 20,000 trillion bytes of data -- more than the most advanced computers today could process efficiently , says amunts . 
  even 20,000 terabytes does n't sound like something a supercomputer could n't handle , but that depends on how efficient their algorithms are . 
  they stole your tin flutes and got first , you got last . 
  i think that 's what he means , more tin flutes !, 
  the fact that you got the last place whilst they won makes this even funnier . 
  aww , come here * brohug * : - *, 
  and she did n't even wear shoes !, 
  confirmed . 
  i 'm sure the main sponsors cover most of the expenses and greece makes a lot of money from tourism when all those people travel there . 
  that might be fun actually . 
  they still have the bigger military ( although they probably wo n't use it against other superpowers ) and probably better technologies than us . 
  arguably even a `` better '' culture , or at least they are better at exporting it . 
  i think money is the biggest factor , but certainly not the only one if you want to become a superpower . 
  ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ruin ^ ^ the ^ ^ illusion . 
  i wonder why there is any country that does n't think of itself as the most trustworthy . 
  at least i have absolutely no experience about the trustworthiness of other countries , i only know my german peer group that never tried to deceive me . 
  it 's a pretty stupid rating that 's mostly based on stereotypes imo . 
  `` die t\u00fcrken uns 're jobs ! '', 
  is even more racist . 
  noone in germany is complaining about this . 
  everyone in these stupid threads is not german and/or has never even seen a refugee . 
  honestly , just give them to us , we 'll take them . 
  and it 's not like 10billion $ is a lot of money compared to our gdp . 
  that is incredibly little to potentially save the lives of hundreds of thousands of people . 
  mate , you 're not going to get many children out of that budget . 
  that 's 500 $ per person for an entire year assuming 20 million germans willing and able to get children at all . 
  we already get almost 200 $ per child each month . 
  i 'm not going to have a child for that . 
  also you 're making a fundamental error in assuming this money would go towards social programs , if it would n't go towards the refugess . 
  that 's not how merkels government works . 
  what exactly is your intention here ? 
  are you trying to proof that i do n't care about that ? 
  if your version of `` address '' means sending them all back to syria to die , then yes , i think that 's unproductive . 
  i get that this is a problem , but it 's not that easy . 
  and the whole rotherham thing can most likely be attributed to incompetence , not some hidden `` leftist agenda '' . 
  just like the german [ nsu scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) probably was n't institutionalized racism either . 
  yeah , i get your point . 
  i specifically included that line i quoted , because i was worried people might interpret it like that . 
  i mean of course some or even most of them have lesser opinions of women and it 's a very real problem that needs to be addressed . 
  my post was only meant to point out how the statistic exagerates the problem by making it sound like muslims , or whatever minority you will , are 17 times more hostile towards women . 
  it 's just not fair to not let them come here from their war-torn country , just because some of them will be assholes towards women for a while . 
  i know this is a very utilitarian opinion and of course very easy to say for a middle-aged , white man , but sending them back is n't right either . 
  all i can say is that i point this behaviour out when i witness it and hopefully they 'll adapt . 
   however i do n't think it 's manipulation of data to conclude from these stats ( and other elements from the immigrants ' backgrounds , including their ideas about women which they get from their home culture/family upbringing/religion/etc . ), 
  that differences in behavior between natives and immigrants are not negligible . 
  i agree that there definitely is a different culture regarding women , but at least when it comes to rape i think it is pretty negligible , when that factor of 17 only amounts to .1 % of the population . 
  this is n't just about rape though and of course they will be more prejudiced of women at first , but i do n't think those prejudices ca n't be overcome , at least the given data does n't support a claim like that imo . 
   no problem , i get what you mean thank god for that . 
  i see it way too often that people try to proof that i meant something else than i actually did . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  i think we have boiled it down to differences in opinion now , so i suggest we will have to agree to disagree from this point onwards . 
  you make a good point about how the cultural differences need to be taken into account and i agree , but i just do n't think it 's that much of a problem . 
  hopefully this provided some insight into how you can acknowledge these statistics and come to the conclusion that the situation is less severe than it sounds . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
   it needs to be addressed , because every single incidence is terrible i specifically pointed out that it is n't . 
  the half truth is that 17 times as many sounds like it 's a huge percentage when you still need measure it in occurences per 100,000 people . 
  i 'm not saying the data is wrong , just that it is presented in a way that aims to lead to the wrong conclusions . 
  there are so few offenders that they are still only individual people that need to be weeded out , not enough to label all immigrants/refugees as potentially dangerous . 
   no offense , but i 'm pretty sure this is an example of the genetic fallacy . 
  i was n't trying to defuse the argument with that statement . 
  i can see how you can interpret it like that , so i guess that 's my own fault . 
  i was trying to underline my point that people who see these statistics often come to the false conclusion that every one of these people is dangerous . 
  do you take this as proof then ? 
  it 's anecdotal evidence at best , irrelevant cherry-picked coincidence at worst . 
  i know there is statistical evidence that suggests pakistanis are more likely to commit crimes , but this report does n't show that . 
  it 's not helping anybody to get outraged about some idiot and then project that feeling onto his entire demographic . 
  why was that rule criticized ? 
  i like that rule .
