   when the last church has been burned down , they 'll still be rallying to call those who question islam `` racists omg !!! 11 ! '', 
  i must have missed all those muslims burning down churches . 
  i know of a lot of vandalism against mosques and synagogues though . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's not about converting extremists . 
  there are other ways of helping people out of that . 
  no , these things are to show ourselves we are n't alone and to fight apathy and fear . 
  it 's to show immigrants that xenophobes do n't have that much power . 
  also , it 's to deny right wing extremists the argument that they 're representing some hidden silent majority . 
  i agree that free speech is n't directly threatened . 
  indirectly , maybe . 
  what 's threatened here is a reasonable right to privacy and anonymity ( such as it is online ) . 
  that 's why it think it 's right to reveal elected politicians but not private citizens . 
   anyone should be entitled to express their own opinion regardless of what that opinion is . 
  holding elected representatives responsible for their opinions and actions is very different from hanging private citizens out to dry . 
   ... i ca n't understand why the obvious problems of immigration ca n't be discussed calmly in public . 
  yes , immigrants from certain cultures are more likely to commit sex crimes ... men are much more over represented in crime and sexual violence , but most of the people demanding something be done about immigrants do n't apply the same logic to men . 
  that 's why it 's hard , because many people 's motivations in discussing these topics is n't what they say or is very selective and hypocritical . 
  but you 're right , it should n't be so hard to discuss . 
  i 'm voting pirate party next year for this very reason . 
  [ depends on what you measure ] ( http://bra.se/bra/brott--statistik/statistik.html#&amp;panel1-1 ) . 
  prejudice sucks , does n't it ? 
  there 's some sweet , sweet irony here . 
  who has thin skin here really ? 
  the people pointing out racism , or the guy who spouted the racism and then getting butthurt and defensive over the reaction he got ? 
  having thick skin would mean you could admit that you said something epically stupid and ignorant , learn from it and move on with your life . 
  except for the military . 
  and spying . 
  and corporate subsidies . 
  but other than that ... 
  nothing !, 
  fighting popular revolutionary forces ? 
  splitters !, 
  join the people 's force of revolutionaries instead . 
  the angel boy is like ... * ukraine , neck fat is showing . 
  join us , slim down russian way , famine , vodka and krokodil . 
  i think the number might be quite spot on , actually . 
  japanese people can be quite bad at spoken english , but i think this is based on written tests . 
  the japanese school system is very focused on cramming and rote learning , which presumably fits written tests much better than more natural language use . 
  i expected india to be more proficient than japan , but maybe poor people in rural areas bring down the score . 
  trust in government is built on transparency . 
  these big brothers have no transparency and are fundamentally untrustworthy - they have shown themselves to be a creeping threat to freedom and democracy . 
  we need to reform our spying organizations from the ground . 
  they should do two things -- work to stop actual crimes within very strict boundaries and with complete oversight by neutral parties , as well as defend against foreign spying . 
  why not test everyone and catch the next anders breivik ? 
  if you think it 's unfair or impractical to subject every ethnic scandinavian because of a tiny percentage of criminals or mentally unstable people , guess what , it 's the same for immigrants . 
  they may be statistically over represented , but that still means that the * vast * majority of them are as law abading and sane as you and me . 
  i do n't think anyone 's talking about dismissing * any * political opposition . 
  drawing a line at anti-democratic parties is a fairly low and distinct bar . 
  you 'd still be free to express antidemocratic opinions , but not to organize in a party to threaten the democratic system from withtin . 
  that 's probably true . 
  not * every * instance of the irrational , subjective nonsense that people base their opposition on is religious . 
  some is just secular nonsense . 
  so there 's no big issue with sexism against women , but there 's a need for an `` egalitarian '' movement that deals with other problems , presumably oppression of straight white men . 
  volonteering to be an object for sexist shit still makes you an object . 
  the tv show is symbolic of something bigger . 
  and so are you . 
  i assumed that , but it 's good to hear it . 
  powerful is a relative term here . 
  he 's the tv show host and the women are objects who are there to satisfy his sexist whims . 
  when people in sweden found out about this misogynist shitmonger being given free reign on danish tv and reacted , blachman did n't stand alone and undefended . 
  that 's just one small example of how patriarchy is n't dead in scandinavia . 
  the rise of you antifeminists is just another piece of evidence . 
  what tv women who hit men are shown as anything but bitches ? 
  i do n't watch tv so i do n't know . 
  also , while tv might not show it , victim blaming is still pretty common in society at large . 
  a man who beats his wife is seen as a monster , but how is the wife seen ? 
  the idea that she did n't know when to shut up is still pretty common , so to say that men are always at fault is wrong . 
  that 's not say there are n't problematic popular depictions or conceptions of violence against men , but i disagree that women come off as winners . 
  judging these matters by what you see on tv is probably a bad idea . 
  the popular idea of violence against being a shrill bitch of a wife beating up a poor nice husband does n't help women or men . 
  powerful , privileged men judging subordinated women ? 
  that 's patriarchy . 
  ... says the guy from the country where a popular tv show had old men judging nude women on their looks . 
  if you think falling down is so dangerous , a punch can easily knock you down , in addition to the direct damage . 
  that 's however irrelevant for my argument . 
  i think i made it pretty clear that putting mild physical contact into the same category as full force violence is problematic , so i do n't see the point of this . 
  it 's more than just differences in strength . 
  this study shows some differences in how violence is used ( aggressively or in self defense ) . 
  a common criticism of these studies is the classification of violence ( a shove and a punch both count as `` violence '' ) skews the results . 
  as for intent , you 're free to guess about it , but i 'll go by the actual effects until i see a serious study . 
  this study is in line with similar studies and shows that the * frequency * of violence is similar , but the * magnitude * is not . 
  women are far more often victims of violence that leads to serious injuries , hospital visits and death . 
  this is not to say that relationship violence against men is a non-issue . 
  it 's just important to keep a good perspective . 
  it does affect you . 
  homophobia does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  it comes in a package of bigotry and strict norms that ultimately affect everyone . 
  homophobia is just one facet of dogmatic , prejudiced us-vs-them thinking that also includes sexism and racism . 
  even if you 're a straight , well to do , able-bodied , neurotypical white man , you only have to stray from gender norms a little to be targeted in a society where homophobia is accepted . 
  look at the us , with all the arch conservative woman-hating bullshit the homophobes there are up to . 
  not to mention the incredibly prejudiced view of atheists ( not that anti-atheism comes close to homophobia , but still ) . 
  look at russia , with all their problems with racism . 
  do n't tell me the world is n't a tiny bit worse because of their denial to let same sex couples here adopt children , but instead send them to horrible orphanages . 
  religion is subjective by its very nature and is built on interpretation and reinterpretation . 
  i very much prefer the swedish gay-friendly , jesus-is-love church , but their interpretation is n't more right or wrong than anyone else 's . 
  it will , eventually . 
  by not forcing lbgtq people to hide in fear , people will be exposed to them and eventually realize they 're not the civilization-destroyers priests and other bigots claim they are . 
  [ water contamination is just one of many risks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environmental_impact_of_hydraulic_fracturing ) . 
  [ eu countries are dubious about fracking ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=fracking&amp;restrict_sr=on ) , and rightly so .
