  not that it was n't bad by itself . 
  sensationalizing it does n't help anyone but the media and populists . 
  the riots were like a crystal ball where everyone saw what they wanted . 
  it 's true for the right and the xenophobes , yes , but it 's also true for the left ( which both the site and the writer represent ) . 
  i 've read countless articles like this from all sides , blaming a long , long list of factors for it . 
  rising inequality was indeed one of those factors discussed , even in sweden . 
  totally agree . 
  i try to be open minded and i do change my mind on occassion , but it 's usually more of a process . 
  yes . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's an admirable thing to do . 
  you just do n't see people admit it very often . 
  that 's something you do n't read very often on reddit . 
  freedom of expression is n't the only thing at stake here . 
  i would agree that it * seems * to be largely unaffected so far . 
  but we ca n't know for sure since spying is secretive by its very nature . 
  as we 've seen with the snowden leaks , lying to the public is also part of the nature of spying . 
  so how can we really know ? 
  sending us all to jail would be blatant totalitarianism . 
  that 's basically a straw man . 
  you only have to jail a few select people or instill insecurity and fear in the public to curtail free expression and criticism . 
  even a little oppression is too much . 
  freedom of speech aside , privacy is the main concern here . 
  it 's been seriously damaged . 
  if a friend reads your secret diary he does n't have to blackmail you with his information to hurt you . 
  the fact that people are physically and horribly oppressed in other places is n't an argument to lesser oppression at home . 
  the cost to me personally is so far zero . 
  snowden 's leaks have shown that 's not true for everyone , especially not the democratic systems we 've all elected and trust . 
  industrial espionage also hurts our economy . 
  more importantly , i do n't know the full extent to which our freedoms and rights have been damaged . 
  the potential to demage them is huge and growing all the time . 
  combined with the secrecy and the corruption it breeds , there 's plenty of reason to shut this down before it 's actually used to oppress us . 
  you do n't wait until you 've been nuked to demand abolishment of nuclear weapons . 
  the threat , even if it 's small , is enough , because the cost of failure makes the risk very high . 
   except that the ( other ) bad guys would n't . 
  a good job for a spy agency in a civilized democracy could be to counter this spying and protect the citizens from it . 
  this would be a much better use of our tax money than to send secret agents out on highly immoral and undemocratic spying . 
   you do n't want to be the only one without a foreign inteligence service !, 
  yeah , i 'm sure the spies think so . 
   the idea is to have a eu intelligence that spies of others , not on us . 
  the problem is that you ca n't trust the spies without transparency . 
  they 'll tell you they only use their immensely powerful spying machinery to spy on others , but how do you know ? 
  snowden showed that you really hsould n't naively trust people with this power . 
   and a propper institutional setup to ensure that they actually follow the rules . 
  that would demand transparency , making spying impossible . 
  it 's incompatible with a free demoratic society by its very nature . 
  clearly it does n't matter all that much if you 're a foreigner or a citizen . 
  the only reasonable solution that protects our freedom and privacy is to shut everything down . 
  no thanks . 
  it 's time to start talking about shutting the spying down completely and rebuild it all as agencies that actually defend us and protect our rights . 
  [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  it 's us secrets that were leaked , hence the focus on the us . 
  when someone leaks french dirt , they 'll get attention . 
  not that it matters . 
  the ultimate goal here ca n't be to stick it to the us alone . 
  the ideal outcome of all this would be an eu-wide strong protection of citizens ' freedoms and privacy that overrules all these spying programs and make them impossible to run . 
  ultimately they must be dismantled alltogether . 
  the damage the spy games inflict on our freedoms and rights is n't worth it , even if the claims to their necessity are true . 
  of course these claims are unfounded , based on secrets and we simply have to blindly trust the spies on it . 
  now it 's more clear than ever that there 's no trust without transparency in a democracy . 
  i 'm voting pirate party next election . 
   ... stringent rules against inciting religious hatred or insulting religion can equally protect all religions ... that makes an glaring exception for the non-religious , so it 's not in fact secularism . 
   ... with increase of muslim population it might reverse . 
  it * might * . 
  it also might not . 
  i wo n't waste any time on the debunked eurabia delusions , but i would like to point out that the `` muslim '' population in sweden is called so in the same way ethnic swedes would be called `` christian '' . 
  many of the muslim immigrants come from muslim cultures and might be moderates , secular or even non-religious . 
  the number of actual muslims does n't equal the number of immigrants labeled muslim . 
   christians have now successfully argued they have a right to display religious iconography at work , on the basis that muslims and sikhs get this . 
  sounds very secular to me . 
  it does n't give any one belief system any special privileges or restrictions . 
  the guy in the office next door gets to put up a quaran verse and you get to put up the fsm . 
  equal and free . 
  the eu forces my home country to adopt some strange laws as well , so it 's not that i 'm one sidedly against the us here . 
  but if someone is going to implement emission restrictions or carbon tax , it 's likely the eu before the us . 
  i 'm sure there are things the us would do before the eu as well , so you 'd have to ask how much this agreement ties you to our ideas of how to do things . 
  of course , it could all be above all such things and driven by corporatist interests that do n't care about individual freedom or rights . 
  oh and the big oil companies ? 
  they deserve all the shit they get and more . 
   if a court sets a precedence , it will be a precedence for the entire trade area . 
  a good reason for skepticism . 
  we could end up with weak us laws for greenhouse gas emissions , dangerous chemicals , gas mileage , etc. 
  what would happen if eu citizens vote for stricter emission standards ? 
  we do n't get them because big oil has bought off us congressmen ? 
  you 'll find plenty of objective mesures showing that equal countries are better . 
  but sure , if you think violence against lbgt people is a good thing , you might feel better in a repressive state where it 's common . 
  show me one country with repressive laws against homosexuals that is otherwise a good a place to live as equal countries . 
  but whatever this is , it has no bearing on the idea of a `` true parent '' . 
  that is absolutely subjective and you 're just trying to distract us from it . 
  gay people are n't immune to homophobia . 
   there is equality in the sense that anyone can get in a male-female couple . 
  there is not equality between couples , but there is equality for individuals . 
  really ? 
  this old crap ? 
  it 's just wordplay . 
  heterosexuals have the right to marry someone they love . 
  where is that right for homosexuals ? 
  there 's is n't any , hence it 's not equal . 
  this guy just shows that gays are people like everyone else , and that being a social conservative works pretty much the same for gays as for straight people . 
  they just have to do some extra mental gymnastics . 
  so let them .
