  i 'd rather see us move on from fossil energy to alternatives . 
  calm down . 
  they 're regulating cigarettes , not putting you in a camp . 
  people who smoke on balconies so that their smoke drifts up to other apartments * should * be stopped . 
  even if electric cars are powered by coal , the increase in efficiency going from internal combustion to electric motors will offset quite a lot of it . 
  also , i presume it 's easier to deal with the emissions of a few coal plants rather than millions of cars . 
  an open space can be a train platform or an outdoor restaurant , where people stay much longer than a few seconds . 
  so your argument is that you poison our air with your car exhausts , therefore we should let you smoke as well ? 
  yeah , i 'm not convinced . 
   yeah well so does your car ... 
  which is why we have laws for regulating exhausts and traffic in cities . 
  the fact that other things pollute and poison as well is hardly a good argument for smoking . 
   cooking food ? 
  i hate the smell . 
  where i live strong food smells are regulated and environment agencies can treat it as any public nuisance . 
   want to walk down the street ? 
  fuck you it 'll make my eyes hurt looking at you !, 
  this is just silly . 
  having photons reflect off another person and entering your eyes causes you no objective harm . 
   smoking does n't make you almost choke , what it does is make you overreact because you 're an idiot . 
  or they have asthma . 
   ( and that people by now are getting really fed up with government - on the say so of these public health `` experts '' - determining how people should lead their lives ) by far the largest impact on people 's lives is created by smokers , exposing them to dangerous and disturbing smoke in so many places . 
  removing that would actually be a positive contribution to freedom and health . 
  also , tobacco companies are evil as fuck and need to die . 
  reading his comment history , i 'm quite sure the `` mud '' he 's referring to is a racist metaphor for dark skinned people he looks down on . 
  why would someone like hitler be limited by democratic laws when his politics are fundamentally antidemocratic ? 
  your proposed ban on banning political parties only works for those who respect such laws , which antidemocratic fascists by definition do n't . 
  like i said , that law would only limit ourselves , not the people we 're trying to protect our democracy from . 
  what happens when a party is n't peaceful or non-violent ? 
  golden dawn has all but promised genocide and war if they come to power . 
   there is absolutely no technical difference between banning people we like and banning people we do n't like . 
  that 's not what i wrote . 
  the reason for banning an antidemocratic party is n't because they 're unlikeable . 
  there 's plenty of perfectly democratic parties that are unlikeable . 
  the reason is that they 're antidemocratic . 
   i seek to avoid banning of parties to preserve democracy because historically that is how democracy has failed . 
  your argument here is lacking a bit of logic . 
  you say that hitler came to power by banning the opposition . 
  reasonably , banning someone is then so powerful that hitler himself could 've been stopped by the very same method . 
   i 'm saying your system is more likely to cause the end you are trying to avoid than not having the system . 
  how ? 
  even if there 's a law against banning opponents , why would an undemocratic party like golden dawn stick to democratic laws if they came to power ? 
  that 's the probelm here . 
  an undemocratic party can use democracy against itself . 
  your law only stops us from defending democracy , not gd from abolishing it . 
  `` hitler did it too '' is a bad argument . 
  the bad things nazis did were n't bad simply because they were nazis . 
  banning child labor was part of the nazi political program , but it is n't bad just because of that . 
  more relevant today than hitler 's historical banning of the opposition is if the current ban of extremism would cause a crackdown on his nazi party and stop them from gaining power . 
  banning a clearly criminal and antidemocratic opposition that aims to destroy democracy and human rights is not the same as banning a democratic opponent that respect basic rights and freedoms . 
  there 's a significant difference i think you fail to acknowledge , and it 's not an extreme thing . 
  freedom of speech is n't absolute either . 
  it 's not that i do n't understand your warning though , it 's just i do n't think it 's a good idea of blindly sticking to democratic principles while the democracy crumbles around you . 
  i think there 's a dilemma here . 
  in principle , banning political parties is indeed antidemocratic . 
  but when those parties are clearly and openly antidemocratic themselves ? 
  a democracy with no limits on what extremes it accepts to be voted in is at serious risk of not being a democracy for very long . 
  in principle no , but there are objective risks involved there , unlike with same sex marriages . 
  however , this is just a huge hypothetical . 
  interracial marriages have an actual history , just like same sex marriages . 
  it 's a weak , largely irrelevant comparison . 
  come back when you can show me it 's a thing affecting a significant number of people in real ways . 
  there 's no rational reason to deny homosexuals the right . 
  your personal beliefs should n't be forced on others . 
  [ the comparison with interracial marriage is quite apt ] ( http://www.theroot.com/multimedia/interracialgay-marriage-gal ) , actually . 
  [ very apt ] ( http://hnn.us/article/4708 ) , in fact . 
  but if it 's not , perhaps you could explain to me why mixed race couples should n't be denied the right to marry in a way that is n't applicable to same sex couples , or for that regular ol' man-and-woman marriages . 
  selectively denying equal rights to a minority is extremist . 
  it 's clearer if you imagine protesting against marriage for interracial couples . 
  i do n't doubt that there 's a lot of muslims who are against gay marriage , but the issue was whether they would 've joined the protests and if they would 've rioted . 
  if you do n't have any backup for your assertions about muslims , there 's no reason to assume they 're better or worse than homegrown extremists on this issue . 
  denying a group of people equality based on sexuality is indeed extremist , regardless of how `` normal '' the people who think so are . 
  thinking your religion somehow owns the concept of marriage does n't make it better . 
  this does n't show that being against gay marriage is normal , it shows that extremism is far more common than you think . 
  remember that huge numbers of very white people were out protesting against gay marriage in france recently . 
  muslims do n't have a monopoly on religious extremism . 
  that makes up a bit for sweden being a total nazi lapdog earlier . 
  you started this by unspecific dismissals of feminism , and you still have n't given me a real example of it . 
  can you give any specific , * non-hypothetical * examples ? 
  this reads like an excerpt from a school paper on libertarianism . 
   this is an instance where by all that is right , just ... 
  being privileged is n't just . 
  it 's * at best * something you ca n't help being and something you do n't use to oppress people , but it 's not * just * . 
  feminism exists because there are gender-based injustices today . 
   as with most everything , any way in which a thing can be exploited and provide a contentious issue in which people can argue about while the power structure sets precedents and gains authority over the issue is the heart of the matter . 
  governments are n't the only potential oppressors . 
  your ideology seems to concern itself with one aspect of oppression . 
  that 's very unspecific . 
  can you give some practical examples ? 
   feminism , from what i can tell has gone beyond equal rights and has turned out to be a diversion for unsatisfied people who wish to agitate the fragile nature of civilized institutions . 
  what are those `` civilized institutions '' and how are they agitated ? 
  one time in harajuku in tokyo ( a place famous for [ the kids who gather there dressed in various fashions and fetish wear ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=harajuku&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;biw=1465&amp;bih=903&amp;sei=lmtaucnbemfb4qtvyogybw ) ) , we saw a big group of very serious young emo/gothic women absolutely lose it when a young western man appeared with his young son . 
  they found him so adorable they dropped their cool goth act and flocked around the man to squee at his son and take pictures . 
  the little guy loved the attention and their makeup . 
  then you 'll have fun if you actually go to china . 
  i 'm regular height and looks , but when i visited tiananmen square in beijing , i was stopped by four families who asked to take pictures with me . 
  i assume they 're from places who do n't see many westerners . 
  that 's another thing . 
  calling them `` riots '' could well be an exaggeration . 
  there are plenty of witnesses having a hard time matching media 's portrayal with what they saw .
