not the uk , not only is our traditional ( pre - / possibly post-eu ) system not given to compromise it is also incredibly simple . 
  anthony king ( rip ) had a section about this in his great work `` the british constitution '' . 
  i 'll type some of it out here . 
   `` it was the value of accountability that lay at the very heart of britain 's traditional constitution ... 
  it was this value that bagehot had in mind when he wrote that ` there ought to be in every constitution an available authority somewhere . 
  the sovereign power must be ' * come-at-able * . ', 
   ...  the americans have a saying , ` throw the rascals out . ', 
  but , to be able to throw the rascals out , the voters need to know precisely who the rascals are and to have ready to hand an effective instrument for throwing them out . 
   ...  the traditional british constitution was far better adapted to the task of comprehensive rascal-eviction . 
  british voters knew who the rascals were : the government of the day . 
  and they had ready to hand an extremely effective mechanism for throwing the rascals out : the democratic ballot at a general election held on the same day across the whole of the country . 
  moreover , precisely because britain 's small-c constitution was a power-hoarding constitution , there was quite a close fit between rascals and responsibilities . 
  in the uk , the government of the day was responsible for more or less everything . 
  it could therefore reasonably be held to account for more or less everything . 
  a distinguished professor of political science at the university of chicago wrote :   the line of authority between people and government [ in the uk ] rises single and directly ; the line of responsibility of cabinet and parliament to the people descends single and directly ... 
  in the british parliamentary system , [ the line of authority and responsibility ] is undivided and crystal-clear . 
  we all know europeans do n't care for democracy much and that it 's an anglo thing . 
  you should just end the pretense , and you 'd probably be better run for it . 
  i need to start buying this paper . 
   the british government wants to topple assad , where is the difference ? 
  are you asking this seriously ? 
  do the slightest bit of research please . 
  we should have sent him to sweden . 
  it 's normally the uk flag but i 'm guessing it 's eu for april fool 's day . 
  which means op ca n't recognise a goddamn flair . 
  uhh it 's pretty funny mate , i 'm always happy to deserve a laugh . 
  i 'm british and joined the attack . 
  all part of the plan to radicalise the moderates . 
  it 's the trump effect . 
  i 've given up trying to write `` 1982 '' under the argentinian flag and have joined the blitzkrieg . 
  you : i assume that people who are opposed to political violence of any kind are also happy to draw false equivalences . 
  why did they need to make him a fucking slaphead, 
  i guess it 's possible to be that stupid as well . 
  my troll senses are tingling . 
  unless said flag-burner had the sense of humour to subsequently upload his masked and highly exclusive back garden anti-eu protest failure to the internet . 
  that greek knows who butters his bread , i suppose . 
  edit : also how do you know they are greek ? 
   the premise is that the article and its conclusions are flawed i never made that claim . 
  i claimed the graphs showed limited data and that other data might be interesting . 
  toreon provided extra data , which ** i ** appreciated ( i do n't know why you bolded that pronoun ) . 
  you 're arguing with apparitions here . 
  if you want to convince me about how successful the european economy is , feel free to do so instead of engaging in this fruitless proxy battle . 
  as i said , i 'm just looking through data and having a conversation ( conversations can sometimes flow and move on to other tangents ) . 
  i have n't set out to substantiate any claims , so how can i move the goalposts ? 
  even if i * am * moving the goalposts ( i 'm not ) , why on earth is that important ? 
  can you tell me what claim i attempting to dismiss ? 
  or any claims i have made myself ? 
  i 'm just discussing data . 
  [ pointing out a fallacy ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/fallacy_fallacy ) does n't change those facts . 
  in a growing economy outside of recessions gdp is always going to be at its highest ever levels . 
  1.7 % growth in gdp in ten years which is small but there was the recession in the meantime . 
  the eurozone however is experiencing negative growth over the same time frame . 
  or gdp per capita for the last 10 years . 
  the likely outcome of the eu patrolling distant international borders ? 
  it would probably antagonise a powerful regional adversary and spark a migration crisis . 
  i 'm struggling to understand what actual point you are trying to prove any more instead of just character sniping . 
  so enjoy your day , 
  where 's the pride . 
   no one is talking about your serenity . 
  you brought up my state of mind when you said i had nagging thoughts about brexit and i am trying to subdue them with reddit banter . 
  so i answered using the word serene ; anyone who does n't doubt decisions they 've made is n't thinking hard enough . 
   i 'm talking about your glib little snipes as if that somehow changes the fact that brexit is a horrible policy decision . 
  ok well i can tell you i was n't being glib in order to make brexit a better policy decision in some way . 
  i understand if you do n't agree with brexit . 
  it 's a divisive topic , with a lot of competing factors and two people can disagree very easily depending on what they care about . 
   it 's strange that someone who prides themself on critical thinking ca n't understand a very simple post . 
  when did i pride myself on that exactly , or is this just an attempt at making me look like an oaf ? 
  show me someone who is completely serene about every decision they make and i 'll show you a simpleton . 
  it 's strange that you would try to call someone out for being a critical thinker . 
  that 's the special relationship !, 
  aww you got me . 
  i hope calling me a moron made you feel better !, 
  i 'm fairly new to this sub . 
  one of the first threads i read was a highly upvoted , grandiosely delivered speech written by someone emploring us to `` think european thoughts '' at the end of it . 
  since then , my generally well calibrated troll-senses have been completely ruptured . 
  of course , no question of that . 
  just worrying about the flames nipping at my heels on the way out . 
  how the hell am i supposed to know that ? 
  as a brexit voting brit , i wish you the best of luck !, 
  just let us leave first !, 
   of course when they are out this will change , but not significantly . 
   the uk is geographically placed to trade with mainland europe , thats just a fact of life . 
  europe will always be as important , if not more important , as the us , to the uk . 
  i 'm not currently disputing any of that . 
   it exports # 30 billion to the us you ever stop to think how this figure might currently be shrunk in some way ? 
  it does n't matter what your tariff is, 
  thanks !, 
  prepare to be disappointed !, 
  all i 'm saying is that scotland wo n't be leaving our union , let alone join the european one . 
  the scottish support for the union ( the british union ) will be higher in 20 years than it is today . 
  whatever you are thinking , it 's not going to happen . 
  or being a free country so you can control your own borders . 
  why have you been provoking him through this entire back-and-forth with multiple personal attacks ? 
  he 's been nothing but civil with you . 
  are you just on reddit to shout at people ? 
   main reason i could n't get into that game . 
  could n't identify with that ... what a silly reason . 
  lose argument -  claim everyone else is triggered you got me m8, 
  you * too * ? 
  who else ?
