the `` meaning '' of life is bascially just to survive and breed . 
  that 's what every living thing does . 
  because that seems very dull to us we try to find a `` meaning '' but there is n't one . 
  the goal is to help mankind to survive . 
  it 's not about every indiviual but rather the whole species . 
  you can see yourself a one cell of a whole body . 
  cells die all the time and get replaced with new/fresh ones and the body is continuously growing and changing . 
  i am from germany , she is from england and in order to strengthen our countries relationship ... marring her was logical . 
  i hate to break that for you but they did n't fight or die for your country . 
  they did because you elected some penis-shaped head politicians ... 
  to your first part , it also states on wikipedia : `` the party exceeded membership of 300 on the 30 may 2010 , the required number to register as a political party in the state . '', 
  but i guess that does n't matter anymore , 
  to your second part : that 's exactly what i was i was thinking . 
  not that i would be able to officially do anything since i am a foreigner but i guess it would be worth a shot . 
  during the past few years a lot of other european pirate parties have been made official in their own countries . 
  and i guess it would be possible to contact pirate party international to get more help on that matter . 
  but i have no idea how or where to start so i thought i might start here on reddit . 
  but what 's wrong with that ? 
  i mean , technically there is nothing really wrong with expanding you parties policy positions . 
  and just focusing on copyright is n't really enough to get enough voters to actually change something . 
  but the website is down and i guess i 'll never find out about the pointless stuff , 
  `` they were boys playing the political party game '' makes sense though . 
  i can imagine that political expertise was missing . 
  is it holiday season soon ? 
  if not ... i would assume `` because they can '', 
  thanks , i appreciate that info ... let 's see what we can learn from the past , 
  have fun with tf2 ... i am curious to see how you `` finish '' tf2 , 
  because there is a facebook account already and i am trying to find out who created the page in order to get access to it . 
  otherwise i would have to create a second ppie page , report the old , inactive one as a duplicate of mine so no one gets confused . 
  but since it was setup already i rather see if there is a chance to reactivate it . 
  and for the time beeing i use g + . 
  i think the pp does have their strong point in the way they do politics . 
  it 's not so much about their focus but how they achieve it . 
  in order to succeed you need to involve people and not just let them elect you once in a while . 
  the german pp is a very good example . 
  they are using `` liquid feedback '' which lets all party members create and discuss new ideas online . 
  once that idea gets to a certain stage it will be brought forward and people can vote to add it to the manifest . 
  about the issue with copyright :, 
  it is very important to involve artists and see what they want and what they think should change . 
  we ca n't just talk about laws and regulations for other people without involving them . 
  that would make us no different than other politicans . 
  i was thinking about the same but i do n't know how to do this and i do n't think i would have much time to keep it updated . 
  if someone would be willing to deal with that i would be more than happy to post updates and news . 
  oh , wow ... thank you very much  i 'll put it to good use . 
  thanks for that info . 
  i am in contact with him since yesterday . 
  i hope we can get the page back online soon . 
  if i know more , i 'll post it here and on http://www.reddit.com/r/ppi/, 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  we have created a new facebook page already and are trying to get the website back and running . 
  that 's correct . 
  we are just trying to raise awareness and get people interested . 
  facebook , google and reddit are great placed to get started . 
  does anyone have more info about it ? 
  hey ,, 
  nice to see that people are still interested . 
  we set up the g + and facebook page so we have some form of communication before the website + forum goes live which will be hopefully in a few days ( maybe weeks ) . 
  we are trying to implement the feature of liquid feedback : http://liquidfeedback.org/, 
  that would allow us to involve every member of the pirate party in the process of shaping and not just a few selected . 
  more details regarding liquid feedback will be available later on the website . 
  we want to stick to the name since it is part of the global pirate parties . 
  the pirate party intentional can be found here : http://www.pp-international.net/, 
  if people are being put off by a name i am not sure those are the people we actually want to have as members in the first place . 
  if a name is more important than the content and the idea behind it a lot of other parties might consider changing their names too . 
  but anyway , glad to see other people keeping the idea alive , 
  that 's great news . 
  thank you, 
  no worries , you'e not the only one criticising the name , 
  since thomas already replied in here you can just send him a message . 
  i am pretty sure he can give you more details about what 's needed . 
  i really like the idea . 
  online might be best so we do n't have to bother about a location . 
  a meeting could be done through g + or skype . 
  i would prefer a video meeting so we can see each other an talk . 
  chat really gets you only so far to exchange information . 
  but it would be nice to see the other person . 
  as for as irl goes , we would need to find out were most of the people live , 
  i just started eve 2 weeks ago and have no idea what the big deal is :d could someone please explain to me what i witnessed ? 
  i have no idea what ship that is , what he has done wrong with it and what he was supposed to do . 
  thank you , 
  ah ok , thank you very much for the insight , 
  ( you also get your upvote :p ), 
  the rest of the text is also utter nonsense = down vote from me . 
  it 's a real shame what r/atheism has become . 
  a little bit more tolerance seems necessary for some in here . 
  you know ... this one had so much potential and you ruined it :(, 
  something i noticed while watching it last night when will smith / agent j joins the men in black . 
  you 're no longer part of the system . 
  you are above the system . 
  over it . 
  beyond it . 
  we 're `` them . '', 
  we 're `` they . '', 
  we are the men in black . 
  comment to save ... thanks for that !!!, 
  you ca n't get a srs-proof reddit , no . 
  name a few examples that currently apply ? 
  i still play it from time to time . 
  the source engine still looks pretty good and the whole atmosphere is amazing . 
  do yourself a favor and buy the orange box .
