  tbh , the thing that annoys me already and stops me from even trying is how small it is ( the font and images ) and it seems very dark : /, 
  i honestly do n't enjoy staying on that site but i wish you all the best . 
  even though somer is doing a great job , a bit of competition is always good so i wish you the best of luck . 
  no problem , 
  but seriously , there are tons of posts like this at any day and any of them would answer your questions . 
  check out lord-carlos post , this has the most basic answers . 
  rats hate ewar , just use a target painter or web or something and they will leave your drones alone . 
  is this dolan ? 
  give me all your isk . 
  yeah ... we need tears !, 
  stahp it !!!!, 
  it took me 2 month to learn a skill that requires 2 weeks because of all the changes in my skill queue . 
   anyone else having the same problem and maybe got out of that habit most games teach us ? 
  not really , no . 
  my main char has a messy skill queue with all sorts of things because every month i find new stuff to do and change training . 
  but that 's the beauty of it ... if you get bored of something , there is always so much more you can do ... you just need to find it . 
  i personally found suicide ganking , station trading and mining a nice change ... just for a few days before combat and exploration had me back . 
  do n't work about isk/hr . 
  pick something you like and try getting better at it . 
  a lot of things can be fun for a while but i rather stick to the things that i enjoy for a longer period of time , 
  why can you check your combat log from work , post it here and then use it as an excuse at the same time ? 
  still a shitty post and i am happy to see people downvoting it . 
  no exp with myrmidon but this seems interesting , 
  says the one with this very interesting post . 
  are you assuming i am `` vlad stan '' ? 
  nice try but ( again ) i have to disappoint you . 
  never forget !, 
  how is it , living as an computer illiterate person ? 
  i think if the pilot spams warp before his ship gets killed all the way through the actual destruction you will have no chance of locking no matter what . 
  if he does n't warp off the second the ship explodes ... well ... he deserves everything after that :d, 
  all points you have in battle cruiser will be added to the racial battlecruisers so advance as far as possible even if you do n't reach lvl 5 completely and just finish off after odyssey . 
  btw : it 's ridiculous to biomass just because you miss out of some skill points . 
  spend the time looking for another source of income or advancing in your job rather than playing video games . 
  or just play x3 . 
  if you want to use the arbitrator you do n't need the magnate . 
  just scan with your arbitrator . 
  scanning with the magnate will be faster because of the bonus but swapping ships takes time too and exposed you to more gate jumps and therefore more potential gate camps . 
  i do n't really know what you mean . 
  you can scan as long as you want . 
  but before you do that create a safe spot and cloak after you have deployed all your probes . 
  every system has only a few sites ... if at all . 
  you will have to check multiple systems for exploration , no point in staying in just one system . 
  you have 2 options . 
  you use 2 ships as mentioned but you would need 2 accounts for that or have to fly back and swap ships . 
  you use an `` all-in-one '' ship to scan and clear sites . 
  your scanning and clearing speed will be slower because you have to be good at both but you only need 1 ship and spend less time travelling . 
  i recommend checking out this youtube blog from jonnypew http://www.youtube.com/user/jonnypew . 
  he has a lot of scanning and `` all-in-one-fit '' videos . 
   unfortunately , lowsec is permanently camped with cynos , stealth bombers , and alts for rich nullsec corps . 
  i am really happy you think that because that leaves more stuff for me . 
  seriously , it 's so easy to do mag and radar sites in low and even 6/10 . 
  you just have to find a good spot ... and that is what exploration is about . 
  will you still be streaming ? 
  i have n't seen a stream of yours in ages in was wondering if you would still play at the clg mansion and stream ? 
  arbitrator and vexor are good `` all-in-one '' vessels . 
  drones allow you to have enough space in high and mid slots to do low sec exploration but still do dmg . 
  no , that 's the worst you can do . 
  the `` all-in-one '' fit means you can scan and clear the site . 
  you would scan with your arbitrator and clear the site as well . 
  if you use a magnate to scan and want to swap ships , you might as well take a better ship to clear the site depending on the site . 
  i also recommend gas cloud harvesting since you can make quite some isk with low sec gas cloud sites . 
  they are also fairly safe since most people wo n't scan down a gas site or try to catch a venture . 
  [ this is all i need ] ( https://soundcloud.com/ccpgames/sets/eve-online-in-game-tracks ), 
  do some low sec pvp , get killed and remove your bounty ( also make the other person happy ), 
  as i explained in a previous answer to your question , you can do both . 
  you have two ships and swap them when you find a site, 
  you use an `` all in one '' fit . 
  both options have their pros and cons . 
  it really depends on your skills , experience , expectations and preferences . 
  if you have n't tried incursions you might want to start with them . 
  you do n't have to be in a specific corp but will hang out with more or less the same people everytime . 
  if pvp is what you 're looking for i recommend faction warfare . 
  you can join fw and get thrown in the fw npc corp and start flying with people who want the same as you without having to go and look for a specific corp and go through the recruitment process . 
  either way , incursion ( pve ) or faction warfare ( pvp ) give you access to a group of people without joining their corps . 
   to work over the huge learning curve that eve has so like the metaphorical cheese i stand alone . 
  i think that has changed a lot over the years and it 's not that bad anymore . 
  yeah , i have muted the ingame music and use this playlist . 
  i find this so much better for the way i play eve , 
   is fw expensive to do ? 
  no , just take cheap ships . 
  there are different sites with different restrictions . 
  you can just use t1 frigs , no need for fancy stuff . 
  and as i said , you wo n't be the only one in the area so you can fly with some other people wich will help you improving and surviving . 
  i am terrible at pvp and constantly lose my ships but that 's why i keep them as cheap as possible . 
  if you decide that fw is something you really enjoy you might find a corp doing that . 
  but in the beginning , you can just join up yourself and look for a corp later . 
  edit : also , use buy orders for ships and equipment you use often to keep the costs low . 
  same place . 
  you need to keep your account activ in order to keep the skill queue aktiv . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/1f4vss/do_skills_keep_training_if_subscription_lapses/, 
  this has been posted a few minutes ago . 
  do it as far as you can . 
  you will keep your current amount for skill points after the change and have it assigned to all 4 destroyer skills . 
  from the dev blog : http://community.eveonline.com/news/dev-blogs/odyssey-summer-expansion-starbase-iterations/, 
   clarification : this change affects capital ship maintenance arrays , not the capital ship assembly array that is used to build supercapital ships . 
  csaas are not being changed . 
  this change does not in any way allow supercapital ships to be constructed in lowsec or wormholes . 
  i have no clue about capital ship production but i assume it 's to make it easier and more accessable to smaller corps since a lot of stuff is done in low sec . 
  ( at least that 's what i hear ), 
  it 's weird that your thread got completely ignored while this one , only a few hours later , got all the attention .
