  and no one said it 's perfect ? 
  so it would be better to never pick up balls from the field at all ? 
  if i ever go to a baseball game i will remember that . 
  but the quality is shit . 
  i think he did n't include clips that did n't have a certain `` quality '' . 
  just a guess ... 
  why is it unrelated ? 
  it 's a lol pro getting other lol pros involved in some charity that is currently going on . 
  it 's not like a random thing . 
  this subreddit is n't purely about the game but also about the people . 
  why are other clips from c9 , aphromo or tsm allowed then ? 
  they are sometimes just adverts , sob stories or just funny videos without any gameplay footage . 
  why are they allowed then ? 
  what about the video about doublelift ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it was a very interesting video but it was n't about the game itself , not a single bit . 
  what you are saying is simply not true and it is being proven every single day . 
  i understand what you 're saying but i also think there are lots of great moments that are not in there . 
  while i agree that it was a great finish , i think he put together a very solid video with the clips he used . 
   the mods suck . 
  one mod deletes whatever he wants , a different mod does n't delete anything . 
  i agree ... 
  and removed ... 
  will get removed unfortunately ... just like all the other posts, 
   take oddone for instance , still gets a lot of viewers due to his personality but not as many as when he was still on the tsm roster . 
  oddone still tops everyone else , even other tsm members so i am not sure about your statement . 
  he sometimes has more viewers than the lcs challengers series . 
  why ca n't you have a similar rule like for streamers ? 
  if they do something for charity or have a proper reason , you can allow it ? 
  thanks for your reply . 
  how come the als event does n't qualify ? 
  i mean , it 's everywhere at the moment and i think it 's nice to see lol proplayers doing the same . 
  would n't it be possible to get an `` exception '' for such a massive event ? 
  does n't the list also include maisie williams ? 
  reddit is n't one entity . 
  one group of people can be against something and another group can be for something . 
  just because something is on the front page does n't mean everybody agrees with it . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're trying to tell me . 
  please explain to me what the moon landing and leaked nude pics have in common ? 
  where does it say that it will be available for mobile ? 
  i checked the humble bundle page https://www.humblebundle.com/store/p/minimetro_storefront . 
  i like the fact that it 's actually cheaper than on steam itself but i ca n't find any information about the mobile version or that this is included in the purchase ? 
  maybe you can help me here ... 
  ah cool , thanks, 
   comments are disabled because fuck you , reddit . 
  even better :d, 
  did n't i read this exact text somewhere else before ? 
  confirmed : animated loading screen , 
  [ bam , wet ] ( http://youtu.be/xmkyozuhlj0?t=2m32s ), 
  i really like the design a lot . 
  do you think you can highlight the current person who needs to select a champ a bit more ? 
  at the moment all summoners have the same background but you would n't know who needs to select a champ . 
  i hope you know what i mean . 
  again , other than that , i really like it a lot . 
  i did n't want to sound like you did n't put enough work into it . 
  i feel like you did a great job . 
  it 's just one of the smaller things that would be unclear when you look at it . 
  maybe riot will take some inspiration from your work eventually , 
  oh wow , thank you so much . 
  at least it was worth the wait and creating this post  thanks man !, 
  just to clarify , this is the result from [ here ] ( http://www.pornmd.com/sex-search# ) , where you can see what kind of porn people are searching for . 
  i wanted to click on those links :(, 
  starcraft ? 
  that 's actually hilarious ... 
  doesnt it even say it was a common term before that ? 
  lion king on the snes, 
  can confirm . 
  i live in ireland and my cat brings lots of these back . 
  and mice ... and small rabbits . 
  if i would have known i coukd have reaped karma ... damn , 
  you do know that this might be just the piece of paper on top of a canvas or piece of wood or something so she can hold it properly ? 
  you do n't want to stretch paper like that without something solid . 
  and regarding the focus ... look at her hands , they are clearly in focus as well . 
  no one says you 're wrong but i 'm just trying to say that for everything you say there is a plausible explanation . 
  and it might be photoshopped to give it this blurry effect , we do n't know that . 
  it does n't mean that the painting itself is photoshopped . 
  maybe you need to take a chill pill and relax for second here . 
  what i am trying to say here is that the artist painted that picture on a piece of paper , put it on a solid background and let someone take a picture of it . 
  ( * that would explain the white edge you see * ), 
  that someone put the image in photoshop and made the background a bit more blurry to put the focus on the drawing itself ( * which would explain the weird blurriness * ), 
  and no one here needs to prove you wrong because you 're the one claiming something so you should prove everybody else wrong . 
  everything you say can be explained , if you like it or not but you should be the one delivering proper evidence and not just claiming things because they do n't match up from your experience . 
  and i like the fact that you start insulting people just because they disagree with you . 
  really shows how mature and experienced you must be . 
  but again , you do n't seem to consider that it just has been printed out . 
  it still would make sense to put it on a solid background to hold it like that even if it 's a printed out digital picture . 
  and regarding `` what kind of idiot ... '' , you really underestimate the shitty understanding from a lot of people regarding design . 
  if you browse r/shittyhdr or r/crappydesign you will see all sorts of thing so i would n't be surprised by that . 
  you can believe whatever you want but as long as you ca n't prove it it will never be more than just some claims . 
  and no one wants to take the time to disprove believes . 
  ah yeah , that 's a good one too . 
  is n't that the same with most things in life ? 
  climbing a mountain sure as hell is n't `` fun '' but being on top of it and looking back the path you took and having that great view ... that 's the highlight . 
  it sounds more like he is actually working towards his highlights and can enjoy them properly rather then having easily served small portions of happiness . 
  i think eve online has a great concept for an mmo . 
  no class , no levels . 
  only skills and actions that determine who and what you are . 
  something like this in a fantasy environment would definitely get my attention . 
  well , ramp down  but yeah ... 
  i know , it 's not `` game breaking '' but just an idea ,
