  i do n't get it, 
  i saw the `` my wife did n't either '' before you edited it ... but yeah ... eggs , basket ... still do n't get ... sry : /, 
  i had to google that ... never heard of it before . 
  maybe you should have put the basket in the frying pan to make it more clear , 
  i think it would look so much better without the addition of the flames and all that stuff outside of the orb . 
  that looks so cheap-ish compared to the orb , which does look pretty nice . 
  [ r/firstworldanarchists ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/firstworldanarchists/ ) would love that, 
  what 's wrong with athene ? 
  i can tell you what 's wrong with him ... he 's talking and acting like a 8 year old and looks like a 40 year old ... that confuses people, 
  oh wow ... never realised that ... thanks, 
  no problem , fellow summoner, 
  dat face ... amazing . 
  is there a video or background to that ? 
  http://youtu.be/c6potkdg3se?t=8m33s to be more precise . 
  good stuff anyway  thx, 
  indeed , beautiful . 
  and also a compliment to plattbagarn for noticing it . 
  i think this looks already much better than your initial post . 
  are you using layers for your image in photoshop ? 
  with layers you could just remove/add content to your picture without altering the final picture . 
  i am just asking because in your last picture you can see a few fragments of other images ( f.e. 
  the little red line on the left hand side ), 
  this website is just a pain . 
  it is slow and has music ... which i do n't want when looking at images . 
  i do n't know why artists have to do this ... ruined the whole experience . 
  thanks , this is actually much better . 
  best one so far :, 
  `` bieber to apologise for #cut 4bieber prank on 14th january #bieberonomegle '', 
  your friend has cute glasses . 
  that 's not really a post about ` top lane ' . 
  this is a post about pots and wards . 
  also , why is ungankable ? 
  a pot does n't give you instant health and if you take ignite to secure a kill the pot is completely useless . 
  and it also does n't mean the enemy is allowed more mistakes ... you are allowed less . 
  all that brings me back to the point that you need to adjust instead of trying to change the game . 
  `` however , restaurateurs should not be worried about a letter from wmg 's legal department . 
  because of the administration of rights granted under copyright law , special performance rights organizations have been created to register and license out the use of music in venues such as restaurants . '', 
  nuff said, 
  there is n't . 
  it 's like saying `` you 're too fat '' and `` you are oversized '' . 
  to further clarify : every musician gets inspired . 
  technically no new notes are created and the only difference is how they put them together and what instrument they use to play their music . 
  so the core is always the same . 
  imagine books . 
  you do n't reinvent the language , you only put the words in a different order to create a new story . 
  still , you would n't claim that the latest thriller was inspired by the bible just because you have a few latin words in it . 
  what 's wrong with this stream ? 
  all i see is a white spot :(, 
  why only us redditors ? 
  all i see are boobies ... 
  thank you ... have an upvote too, 
  i have heard that athene is a high profile lol player . 
  i also like justin bieber and mw3 ... boom, 
  plz !!, 
  i do n't get this ... 
  let 's downvote this thread to oblivion !!, 
  i am not sure how much a `` very sorry for your loss '' means from farty napkins ... 
  le french guy ? 
  same thing is true for going to a party ... 
  `` must be nice to have money '' . . haha, 
  you hold your hand the other way around with the palm facing yourself unlike the v for victory . 
  i still like the kz manager better :(, 
  it 's a r/awww, 
  ashe ... everything with crit works great with her, 
  i have to admit ... even the tldr was too long . 
  try using bold font for key words or topics like `` 1 . concern '' `` tldr '' or `` example '' . 
  that would make it much easier to read . 
  also ... use an extra empty line after a paragraph to make it look less of a wall of text . 
  thanks, 
  `` what would it be like if the bleeding effect from assassin 's creed was real ? '', 
  `` if this technology existed it would allow anyone , anywhere , to be able to learn anything and everything they desired in a short amount of time . '', 
  why do you answer your own question ? 
  but i guess it would be really boring ... and abused at some point . 
  i thought this thread is about the fact the the next champion wo n't be female ... for a change . 
  is it bad that i have never noticed that before ? 
  no but you can repost for maximum karma !!, 
  haha ... no worries . 
  but i guess you might want to check in [ r/futurology ] ( http://reddit.com/r/futurology ) to dream away with the right people :d, 
  wrong link : fixed, 
  well . . i guess every person has its own way to deal with the death of a family member ... who are we to judge someone who 's lost his/her mother ... 
  ah shit ... i 'm on reddit, 
  omg look at this retard !!!!, 
  faith in humanity ... lost !!!, 
  agreed . 
  how where you in contact before you added each other in steam ? 
  guess you have to go back to that point ... 
  i tend to go for insecure girls then get upset when they turn out to have anxiety issues . 
  that is only true in the beginning . 
  if you 're actually having a relationship with someone who is dealing with those kinda issues it 's in fact much more work . 
  if you trying to persuade her to have sex and she did n't have any form of preparation she wo n't do anything because she thinks you would be turned off be her . 
  that 's why it usually works in the beginning or for a one night stand ... because she expects that and is prepared . 
  do n't expect that in a relationship . 
  if you agree to a certain day/time and she knows it 's coming she will get anxious about it because she thinks you have high hopes and she will disappoint you . 
  also , she will constantly think about and have all sorts of scenarios in her head which you would n't even come up with . 
  either way ... it 's exhausting and only a little bit rewarding . 
  having said that ... that does n't mean that you ca n't have a working relationship with her ... it just wo n't be about the sex . 
  i hope this is not too serious but i wanted to clarify this , 
  are n't they a bit too big ? 
  i mean seriously ... your back must be killing you, 
  not relevant to the question !!!,
