  they should also remove :, 
   play for free forever, 
   than i 'll ever possibly be, 
  for now . 
  but he wants to do exploration ... not fw, 
   then a female says ( in german ) 12345 67890 12345 67890 then ice cream truck music again . 
  then she says achtung ( warning or caution ) 17277 17277 achtung . 
  sounds like the typical techno lyric to me ... 
  i have to agree . 
  as a german , that almost feels like traveling back in time . 
  all those military parades and ~ ~ concentration ~ ~ labour camps ... much better than just reading about it in books . 
  good to know that you know what to do . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  someone lost a friend and wants to say good bye . 
  ** it 's even in bold **, 
  that should make the station bash in incursions even better , 
  nightmare is accepted everywhere as sniper and dps boat . 
  i loved my talos for belt ratting . 
  you can shoot all the big targets with your large hybrid turrets and all the frigs with your drones when they got too close . 
  but i am not sure you can fly anything above cruiser effectively with 2,5 mill sp : /, 
  you can do manufacturing or research in order to make some afk money . 
  even if your skill queue is running , you wo n't have much fun if you have no isk to buy anything . 
  there is a channel for solo pvp and exploration . 
  both are for solo people that just want to share stories , experience and kill mails . 
  i am not sure about the exact names but i 'll try to find them and update my post . 
  edit : club deadspace is for the exploration part . 
  do you just want to talk ? 
  or are you also looking for some group activity without joining a corp ? 
  bomber bar offers stealthy fun activities and warp to me offers incursions . 
  both groups have their own channel and offer group activities without the need to join a corp. 
  yes , thank you , 
  this article sounds more like bullshit than anything else . 
   his barrister , virginia hayton , said that he still can not recall the attack but when told about it he said that the woman `` would not lie , she tells the truth . 
  if she says i have done it , i have done it . '', 
  he does n't even admit it . 
  he only assumes it must be true because she claims it . 
   thomas , of sandringham drive , leigh , pleaded guilty to raping the woman on july 20 this year . 
  he pleaded guilty because he might have gotten a longer term if he did n't . 
  that 's what we should base decisions on . 
  a single statement without any evidence . 
  it 's actually less detailed but thanks for the link . 
  they all seem to pick up the headline but do n't offer actual information . 
  for me it sounds just like she picked him up drunk , had her fun and kicked him out , claiming he raped her . 
  neither of these articles can disprove this since no one cites a medical statement or a police statement . 
  and i assume those are the people who will check you when you report a rape . 
  i do n't want to sound bitter but all there is is her statement . 
  and putting `` rapist '' all over the news because of a simple statement seems a bit extreme . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why do you think they should n't earn $ 15/hr ? 
  that sounds like a pretty big deal . 
  good for them . 
  just edit your post, 
  sry to disappoint , no story  i just think that someone with a drug history should n't get sent to prison because of a claim and with no evidence . 
  i pointed that out in one of the other threads . 
  i think it 's ridiculous that he gets call `` rapist '' and all that stuff but all they really have is her word . 
  they point out that he has a drug problem and family issues . 
  this whole case does look very suspicious . 
  ofc he does . 
  if he would n't , the punishment would be higher . 
  you are missing the fact that they knew each other , he was drunk and she had taking sleeping pills and that only she can remember it . 
  he accepts it as a fact even thought there does n't seem to be any evidence . 
  you are right . 
  there does n't seem to be any evidence or at least nothing that has been made public . 
  edit : spelling, 
  he stated that he ca n't remember . 
  how much of a plead is it if you ca n't even remember the incident ? 
  maybe it never happened , maybe it did . 
  we will never know . 
   so let 's just all stop being internet detectives and move on with our lives . 
  why ? 
  we can move on with our lives but he ca n't . 
  what 's wrong with wanting to know details and make sure that it actually happened ? 
   and should stay out of it . 
  what is the point of posting articles to this subreddit if that is what we 're supposed to do ? 
  why bother in the first place ? 
  you do n't answer the question but refer to a different part of your last reply . 
  good for you . 
  i never stick to my plans and my skill queue looks terrible . 
  what i suggest is try to skill `` key '' skills first . 
  by `` key '' skills i mean skills that allow you to go in as many directions as poosible once you have them like drone v , frigate or cruiser v. both are skills that will be relevant most of the time and open up a lot of different game play paths . 
  question 1 and 3 have been answered million times already . 
  please go through previous posts . 
   2 ) does this game get exciting ? 
  i have the trial and and mining rocks and scanning with probes . 
  granted all beginnings of mmo 's are slow but this is turtle sh * t. 
  no , it does n't . 
  spreadsheets are rarely exciting . 
  if you do n't like mining then do n't do it . 
  one thing you have to understand is that you do n't have to gather ressources as a skill like in wow . 
  if you want to shoot space stuff then do that . 
  i suggest to start with security missions and see how it goes from there . 
  edit : just to clarify ... if you really , really do n't want to mine then do not invest skill points . 
  this game is a sandbox and there is no `` correct '' way to play . 
  you do n't play this game to reach the `` end game '' , you play this game to be part of the game . 
  edit : word, 
  but ... you have only 2 mill skillpoints and according to all those experienced new players , you ca n't have fun like that . 
  ^ ^ probably ^ ^ why ^ ^ you ^ ^ gank ^ ^ carebears ^ ^ haha ^ ^ ^ haha ^ ^ ^ ^ hahaha, 
  i am sorry you did n't manage to read more than my first sentence . 
  my comment was refering to my second sentence and intended as a joke . 
  i apologize .
