  is it tyrrell ? 
  how about you read my text and the op 's text again ? 
  i never said any of that , i only assumed that ccp wants to stop countless hours of afk mining in ice belts . 
  are you trying to tell me , that is has to be true , because a stranger on the internet said so ? 
  who else has so much time for browsing while `` playing '' eve . 
  everyone else has to hit dscan and check local , 
  get some caldari ships and equip missles . 
  they have a pretty long range and you shield tank them , which is handy for pve . 
  or ... you know ... you could just have fun and do n't worry about winning or losing ? 
  aram is n't `` fair '' . 
  it 's 5 random champs thrown together to mash each other . 
  exactly . 
  love that . 
  i am surprised they did n't come up with that already . 
  why post something that is already on the lol frontapge ? 
  zac, 
  well ... because he is a mobile bruiser ? 
  and he is difficult to kill when his passive is up . 
  he is great if you want to tower dive and get a kill . 
  he has a slow , a gap closer , a passive that lets you regenerate ( which is always good for a jungler ) , an annoying ultimate . 
  also ... get xin and maokai . 
  both have passive heals and great utility for a jungler . 
  it 's just a different game mode but still the same community . 
  that being said , i never had a toxic game ... in fact ... i think so for no one ever said a word during the game ... that 's how it should be . 
  awwww ... you beat me to it . 
  create an alt ... transfer everything and do n't touch any of that until you have a better understanding of the game . 
  i really like [ this ] ( http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/16900000/zac-efron-zac-efron-16932961-1280-1024.jpg ), 
  there is no shortage of programmers . 
  just a shortage of companies willing to pay proper wages . 
  and this post is one reason for it . 
  no , it 's just a cheap way to get a good developer and not paying the proper wage . 
  the should just combine heal + clarity . 
  clarity is just completely useless in lategame almost like mana regen . 
  when you 're 40 minutes into the game , mana reg is one of your last things you have to worry about . 
   but wo n't take long till i get hang of things, 
  we 'll see about that, 
  why surrender at all ? 
  i still do n't understand why you would surrender . 
  just play , have some fun and hope your next team is a bit better balanced . 
  dying is part of the game . 
  it all just depends how well you handle the death . 
  i never said anything about learning . 
  but just relax , have a drink and embrace the craziness in aram . 
  this guy is correct . 
  how else will you find out about your sexuality or who had sex with your mother . 
  why do n't you just activate your old account ? 
  there is no advantage of starting a new account over reactivating you old account . 
  i do n't think you can actually `` practice '' that in a bot game . 
  a bot game gives the the opportunity to learn the basics of your champion , the spells ... all that . 
  but how to play a certain role or lane ca n't be practiced in a bot game since bots react completely different to humans . 
  if you want to start with a new champion , play a bot game . 
  if you want to practice a certain lane/role , play normal games . 
  having said that , this is still no reason to flame someone for playing jungle in a bot game . 
  thank you . 
  how do i redeem the items ? 
  thank you , 
  this is n't exactly true . 
  you only make that much money by doing hq sites and a lot of fleets out there also do the smaller ones where the payout is much smaller . 
  on top of that ... there is not always a fleet on if you 're not in the na time zone ... and even if there is ... it might be a shiny fleet that does n't take every random/noob ship or you have to be on an invite list . 
  also incursions are spread through the galaxy so you have to include travel time for about 30 jumps which can take some time even when flying manually . 
  incursions are easy money but can be very dull , depending on your role/ship . 
  but with missions it 's easier to do them when you have time and you do n't depend on others which sometimes is all you want . 
  station trading ... you do n't even have to move or check local/dscan, 
  i fully understand that . 
  i fly with warp to me since they are very relaxed about ship requirements and eager to teach new people to hang of incursions . 
  i just tried to say that it 's easier to calculate the isk/hour for missions because you just start them and do them just like ratting while with incursions a lot of things can be delayed or out of your control and you have to spend more time spinning then fighting . 
  but ... if you have the fleet running and you 're doing hq sites you have a very good isk output , if not the quickest and easiest at all . 
  it 's just the preparation and waiting that can be a bit annoying . 
  do the tutorial . 
  find what you like . 
  join a corp doing that . 
  have fun . 
  letting my skill queue run out, 
  followed by destroying my clone to relocate to 0sec just to find out that i have n't updated my clone . 
  well ... at least they did implement the skill queue at all after a while . 
  but it would be nice to have the option to have at least 2 skills in the queue , no matter how long they are . 
  you answered your questions yourself :, 
   i really enjoyed exploration before i left, 
  take an ishkur and start doing low sec exploration ( mag and radar sites ) . 
  if you are still scared of low sec , start with a simple t1 frig first . 
  edit : meant to say vexor , not ishkur ... but i guess that would work as well , 
  you can make isk with exploration while being at war . 
  just do n't do it in high sec . 
  if you join a corp in low sec or 0sec you can just do some exploration or pvp without too much hassle . 
  you only need frigs to do either of them and drones can be very useful for exploration . 
  depends what you want to do . 
  i do mag and radar sites in a t2 frig but i am sure you could do them even with a t1 frig . 
  t2 just makes is much easier . 
  ded sites are completely different . 
  you will need a t3 cruiser + to do 5/10 + . 
  but if you 're in a corp , you might be able to do stuff together . 
  i recommend using one scan frig , imicus in your case , and scan a few systems and bookmark the sites . 
  then you take your t2 frig and do them . 
  or you take a t3 cruiser to do the ded sites . 
  you might be able to actually go for the all-in-one low sec imicus http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbjrtwliobg , but you 'll need really good drone skills for that . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( http://cdn1.eveonline.com/www/newssystem/media/64158/1/skillcommandship.jpg ) , you only need battlecruiser v and command ships i. 
  how you got those skills does n't matter . 
  also , if you have all prerequisites for those skills does n't matter . 
  the only thing that matters are the skills at the top of the list . 
  somer.blink got my wallet in a tight grip already ... i do n't think i can handle both sites .
