  thank you, 
  edit : spelling, 
  edit 2 : change done , thanks aradon, 
  i was wondering why lol accounts are getting hacked . 
  you ca n't `` sell '' any ingame items or get the payment details associated with the account . 
  what are people looking for when they hack an account ? 
  edit : ok , i did n't know people actually buy lol accounts . 
  thanks , 
  a friend wants to refer me to somer blink but we ca n't figure out where to find the referral code . 
  can someone tell me where he can find the code , please ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  found a great post in the eve forum containing all changes in a nice [ summary ] ( https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=240126&find=unread ) . 
  i hope this helps new players explaining all the changes . 
  the link to the summary is : http://neural-boost.com/odyssey, 
  i personally really like the look for the eom deathlord apocalypse : http://i.imgur.com/ek70ag8.jpg this looks so bad ass , 
  i have 2 accounts and recently decided to copy my eve folder to create a second installation to start both accounts with different settings . 
  everything seems to work fine but i noticed that my corp bookmarks are n't shown for the other account anymore . 
  no matter what account is creating the corp bookmark , the other pilot ca n't see it . 
  both were in the same system and yes , both are in the same corp , 
  does someone know what i have done wrong or why the corp bookmarks are shown ? 
  each can see their own bookmarks but not corp bookmarks . 
  it used to work when i started both accounts through the same installation . 
  any advice appreciated, 
  regards, 
  in odyssey the resistance bonus for ships got decreased by 1 to bring them in line with the rep amount bonus for other ships . 
  but in the next patch the amount for local repair systems gets increased . 
  does n't that mean that now the local repair is actually way stronger than the passive resistance bonus ? 
  or did that got considered before the changes were made ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  thanks for all the info in advance, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i have noticed this occasionally in my past few games with lissandra . 
  when i cast glacial path it does n't create an image at the end point and basically i stood right next to the enemy all of the sudden . 
  the claw travels properly but no end point is visible to me ( or the enemy as far as i can tell ), 
  i was n't able to fully reproduce the issue because it does n't happen all the time and i was wondering if this is mentioned somewhere already ? 
  i could n't find a report of this behavior and wanted to check first before i do extended testing to see if i can get a reliable reproduction and screenshots of the error . 
  thanks for your information, 
  ** edit ** : ok , it seems to be the height of the terrain that makes your end point invisible . 
  not really `` game breaking '' but would n't it be better to fix this since it gives you a big advantage for the surprise moment in particular with a lockdown mage like lissandra ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i have a question about death rattle and ca n't seem to find any information about that . 
  i just played against an enemy who played `` cairne bloodhoof '' . 
  i played `` elven archer '' , dealt 1 dmg to him and used `` execute '' to finish him off . 
  after that , the death rattle effect did n't trigger and no spawn appeared . 
  the board was n't full ( only 2 creatures ) and nothing was silenced . 
  does death rattle only trigger when you get combat damage , does execute prevent `` death rattle '' , was that bug or something else i missed ? 
  game can be found [ here ] ( http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nicegametvhd ) [ korean ], 
  there appears to be an english stream but it 's offline . 
  if someone knows another english source , please let me know and i can update this post . 
  hey guys ,, 
  sorry for the broad title but i did n't know how to put it any better . 
  here is my current situation :, 
  i am a lvl 36 wood elf archer and i am playing on the default difficulty . 
  at the moment i am playing the dragonborn dlc and except for the aetherial crown quest i have never looked up any guides or followed a particular quest for the reward or knowing where it will bring me ( hence , why i am solstheim atm even though i have plenty of stuff left in skyrim ) . 
  i have a companion atm : talvas fathryon, 
  the reason i am posting this now is i feel like i am `` underleveled '' or pretty weak for the bigger things i encounter . 
  my follower is just charging in and killing dragons and lurkers left and right and i just try to stay somewhat in shadows and shoot some arrows that do n't seem to deal massive amounts of damage . 
  i am using the zephyr bow and just any arrows that i currently have . 
  is he just a really strong follower or am i just too weak ? 
  even when i get attacked by a dragon i usually try to find an obstacle to block their breath and then kite them around this obstacle and kill them off with arrows otherwise they kill me with 3 bites or 1 full breath hit . 
  since i play more stealthy ( sneak 100 ) my light armor skill is actually pretty low since i really get attacked or hit . 
  do the skyrim dlc 's have an `` order '' in which they should be played or does it not matter in skyrim ? 
  also , dragons seem to be the only creature in the game that still spot me when nothing else can . 
  is that supposed to be or do i need even more/better sneak enchantments so i can hide from dragons ? 
  does skyrim even have kinda like level areas ? 
  for example , are thugs near whiterun the same as near riften or any city or are certain areas tougher ? 
  would you recommend to just fight `` easier '' targets with sword so my one handed and light armor skill goes up a bit ? 
  i do n't really want to change my playstyle completely but it feels like sneaking makes 95 % of the game super easy but is useless the other 5 % of the game . 
  so i kinda need to do something about the last 5 % . 
  so if you have any advice on how to approach dragon fight with a squishy , sneaky character , please let me know  and what 's wrong with talvas fathryon ? 
  he seems super tough . 
  edit : spelling, 
  ** edit : thanks for your responses guys . 
  i really appreciate it . 
  smithing and fighting seems to be in order here  **, 
  why create a red banner with the name `` important : euw is having issues . '', 
  and then just link to a stupid video ? 
  why not post to the official post ? 
  people come here to check what happened to their ( ranked ) game , they might even be a bit annoyed already only to find a `` joke '' link that does n't even do anything . 
  how do you think people react ? 
  i think this makes people even more aggressive and toxic then they already are facing a loss because of server issues . 
  please do n't tease them even more . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i have seen some threads about this topic a while back but nothing recent and just wanted to check if there is something i have missed or something that is planned regarding the ingame chat . 
  does riot plan on adding more customization to the ingame chat or would it be somehow possible to do it already ? 
  for example , remove ping lines from chat or control what kind of information is posted in the chat window . 
  especially later in the game timers and such can easily disappear ( even with the expended chat window ) when everyone is pinging and typing . 
  what i would like to see ( and maybe someone can tell me how to do it if it 's possible already ) :, 
  * remove chat lines regarding ping, 
  * remove chat lines regarding bought items, 
  * adding different chat tabs, 
  any information would be appreciated . 
  is this something you would like to see ? 
  edit : formatting, 
  hey everyone ,, 
  as the title states , i am looking for the soundtrack for '' [ wu ji - the promise ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0417976/ ) '' from klaus badelt . 
  i can only find certain tracks on youtube but neither on amazon , spotify , youtube , soundcloud or ebay can i find the full soundtrack or at least at a reasonable price . 
  the closest i found is a playlist on youtube but it does n't contain all the songs and is missing the one i am actually looking for . 
  i just wanted to listen to the whole thing again but it does n't seem to exist anymore . 
  i even considered downloading it somewhere but i ca n't find it even through other `` sources '' .
