  even enemies in starter areas were yellow or orange in dungeons even though i had almost finished the game at this point ( ca n't remember the exact level ) . 
  in a gaming environment it 's actually more common to use `` du '' since gaming in general is n't very formal . 
  blizzard and other big companies approach their players with `` du '' instead of `` sie '' . 
  in a gaming environment it 's actually more common to use `` du '' since gaming in general is n't very formal . 
  blizzard and other big companies approach their players with `` du '' instead of `` sie '' . 
  they use `` du '' when they directly interact with players . 
  their support tickets also start with `` hi [ first name ] '' , when dealing with billing issues . 
  read guides , they contain all you can learn in theory . 
  other than that , play and see how it goes and where you start to have issues . 
  i feel playing a bruiser top lane is similar to a support role . 
  the laning phase is different but as soon as team fight start , you 're doing more or less the same as you would with support . 
  you peel , you initiate , you zone . 
  the advantage is , that no one blames you when you get kills . 
  however , if you struggle with the laning phase ( as you have mentioned ) , you might want to look into jungle . 
  the advantage is that you already know how to use the mini map , ward and you do n't have to worry about last hitting . 
  and again , in team fights you can focus on the same things as when you were playing support . 
  when you are forced to play mid , you can take someone like orianna who gets extra dmg which makes it much easier to last hit if that is the only issue . 
  take the `` butcher '' and `` arcane blade '' masteries for extra attack dmg to help you with last hitting . 
  because his whole kit depends on one skill shot . 
  if you miss it or the enemy team knows how to dodge it the rest of his kit is useless ( compared to the other top tier supports ), 
  improve . 
  you can see it in an older video at http://youtu.be/uc_-ms5adhk?t=1m23s, 
  watch out for akali flash, 
  you wasted way too much time on top lane . 
  you should have roamed , counterjungled and take objectives . 
  on top of that , you died way too often . 
  if nasus got a few of those kills , all you farm deny is wasted . 
  i also would n't consider 200 cs `` terrible '' after 30 min in solo queue . 
  mute them . 
  straight away . 
  do n't waste your team reading their insults or blame , you might even want to turn off `` all chat '' . 
  focus on your own performance . 
  do n't get baited by the enemy or your own team . 
  mute everyone and focus on your very own performance . 
  if you do lose in the end , do n't blame anyone or rage since that will only decrease your performance for your next games . 
  accept the fact that this happened and move on . 
  most of the community are actually pretty nice and friendly . 
  keep that in mind . 
  30 min is way too long . 
  30 min is usually around the time the first baron gets done . 
  you should not forget that by taking top tower you gain better access to the enemy buffs and jungle . 
  so even if it means nasus might have an easier time farming , it also means that you can rotate to mid lane easier and take outer and inner mid tower which means even more map control for your team . 
  do n't get intimidated by the thought of nasus farming . 
  you should never forget that his `` farming '' takes a long time since he usually wants to get as many q 's off as possible . 
  but that also means that nasus is super slow when clearing waves and camps . 
  when you start taking objectives you put him under more pressure since he ca n't farm if his team ca n't fight 4v5 . 
  so either he joins the fight and ca n't farm or he farms and you take objectives . 
  try not to focus on nasus on top lane but try to pressure their whole team since it 's 4v5 for the first 30 min of the game . 
  i do n't think you need a particular champ to get into plat . 
  just play a champ of your choice properly . 
  the most important things in lane are :, 
  * last hitting, 
  * trading, 
  * staying safe, 
  try to improve and understand these 3 things and you will have no issues in laning phase . 
  however , team fights are always different depending on your team and your own champ . 
  try to read guides so you understand better what you should do and what you should avoid with a specific champ/matchup . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  it does n't state anywhere that `` reposts '' are not allowed . 
  you 're only supposed to check for possible repost through karmadecay but that 's about it . 
  found this paragraph when browsing for google spreadsheet tutorials . 
  the guide itself was n't actually too bad if it was n't for this bit : /, 
  and you would point out that you 're on reddit too often and that this is the reason you are using `` herp '' and `` derp '' ? 
  i know that this post is n't super cringe high quality front page material but i had to share this random comment and thought here would be a good place , 
  the idea is to give everyone a basic income . 
  even children . 
  the idea is that you get rid of the whole benefit system ( child benefit , pension and so on ) and pay everyone a fixed amount no matter the age . 
  of course the amount can vary for age but to exclude everyone under 18 makes it very ineffective . 
  as i said , the amount can vary for different ages . 
  but i think it 's important that kids grow up as part of the basic income and not just being thrown in after a certain age . 
   it should n't mean extra money for you . 
  why not ? 
  i mean , it 's not like you will spend all your money on yourself . 
  even thought it might be that you as a parent get the money and not the child , it is safe to assume that this money goes towards clothing , food and other things for the child . 
  i do n't think it matters to discuss who gets the money or how much because we have a child support system already . 
  and we all know it 's far from perfect but the idea of basic income is to get rid of money sinks and reduce bureaucracy not to create a 100 % flawless system . 
  i personally do n't think you should worry about nasus as a champion on top lane in regards to picking your own champion . 
  picking something just to deny him farm or stall him just makes your own team weaker . 
  i prefer either :, 
  * early power dualist champions like riven or pantheon to push him out of lane and take tower quickly in order to increase pressure on map, 
  * strong wave clear tanks like renekton or shyvana to push wave into his tower to make him lose cs and take tower quickly . 
  i personally feel the best way to deal with nasus is to end laning phase quickly and continue to pressure top lane ( and draw jungler to top and away from your team so they can take objectives ) or roam map and assist other lanes . 
  by putting pressure on the map nasus wo n't have the time to actually farm and get to the point where you ca n't defeat him since his team ca n't fight 4v5 all the time . 
  also , not only does n't nasus have time to farm and stack his q , your team gets all the global gold and get even stronger . 
  eventually , the enemy ca n't fight you 4v5 forever so you have a big advantage there . 
  the worst thing for a nasus player is a team that ca n't stall or wave clear good enough to let him farm and stack his q. 
  i feel the best thing to do is to jump on their dmg dealer . 
  ignore the tanks/bruiser/peeler , go straight for the adc/apc . 
  you should have a botrk in all cases , use this and your w do stick to them and kill them or at least keep them out of the fight . 
  if you like jumping in full teams , at least take 4 points in `` legendary guardian '' . 
  this and your own passive will give you a massive armor and mr boost . 
  it 's just a matter of skill and preference . 
  lee sin is played very often in korea . 
  ktb played lee during iem in the final match . 
  you can also learn a lot from [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhxtxejgqq0 ) and the whole channel . 
  [ xdg vs c9 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bafpkxnkema ), 
  is it this song ? 
  sounds really nice, 
  it depends on your role in the team . 
  i you want to go tanky , go tanky .
