  that 's the point . 
  if elo hell is everywhere it means it 's not specific to a certain group or requirement and therefore does n't exist as such . 
  people are just plain bad . 
  and that 's why a break is sometimes the best solution . 
  title in caps , how fitting . 
  but you do realize that the chat restriction is a punishment for reports because tribunal is down , not because the tribunal selected that person for punishment . 
  you can get chat restrictions because of reports from enemy team , premades and for people who did n't like you for all sorts of things . 
  not saying that a person is completely innocent but assuming that someone must be a rager because of a chat restriction is just plain wrong . 
  i think it 's because of the mindset . 
  if you know you 're bad , you do n't get mad at others for being equally bad . 
  however , i was in bronze last season and the amount of ragers and leavers felt like about the same than it is now . 
  i think he wants to say that the chat restricted people ca n't use `` all chat '' so he asks his team to tell the enemy team to report the nasus in his own team . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's still a waste of time to make a post about this . 
  and the point of this post is ... ? 
  you can still say `` gg wp '' in the end game chat . 
  i always do that because my all chat is always off . 
  the restriction is only a temp solution and in the mean time i suggest you use chat lines only for timers because you only have 12 chat lines in a 40 min game . 
  it makes it a bit more harder but you can still win . 
  i had a team were we all had the restriction and it was the most hilarious pregame chat and game i 've ever had . 
  at the moment , you are the only one whining here . 
  whining about the whiners not being able to whine anymore . 
  i only explained that it 's not as easy as you try to make it sound . 
  and caps does n't really help bringing your point across . 
  the only reason to watch eu lcs at the moment is to scout for talent . 
  but in regards to teams i personally feel it 's underwhelming compared to other regions . 
   we 're taking the tribunal down to make these improvements and will use systems like restricted chat and an enhanced leaverbuster while we upgrade tribunal . 
  that means you will get restrictions based upon your reports . 
  it also indicates that you will get punished without having a case in the tribunal . 
  if you have accumulated enough reports ( no matter the reason or what for ) you get a chat restriction meaning anyone can report you and you will eventually get a restriction . 
  i am not sure what exactly you are looking for ? 
  maybe this threat/post will make it more clear : http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?p=35772910#35772910, 
   chat restrictions will be applied to every player who is determined to be guilty by the tribunal ; the amount of restricted games applied will increase with repeated tribunal visits . 
  as you know , there is no tribunal at the moment hence it is an automated system . 
  riot has n't stated otherwise as far as i know . 
  i got a 20 game restriction as well and i am not trying to act innocent , neither do i believe that no one is truly innocent . 
  when you see how the tribunal works , everyone is guilty . 
  however , since there is no tribunal left , all there is is an automated system and i doubt it works the way it should be . 
  considering the alternatives , maybe the chat restriction is the best we can have at the moment even thought it is far from being the best solution . 
  you do n't seem to understand how the recent ban wave works . 
  good on you . 
  you do n't seem to understand how the recent chat restriction wave works . 
  you 're wrong with that but nice try . 
  mine are actually pretty similar to hers so i would believe her : /, 
  i like the new approach . 
  got really tired of military shooters but enjoyed payday 2 so i will definitely keep an eye out for this one . 
  looks like a nice mix between them . 
  i clicked on all 3 links , not sure what i expected . 
  because the luxury is not depending on human workforce . 
  a trend that will continue over the years ... 
  if you cut the pay you also reduce the `` spending money '' and therefore the overall economy . 
  people with no money ca n't spend any . 
  not that it would stop them though ... 
  i 'll never forget the good old trading on the gameboy via the cable just so you could start with all 3 starter pokemon . 
  so much hassle but man , was it worth it , 
  watch dogs might be nice ... 
  his snares were atrocious ... 
  it has nothing to do with any problems within the eu directly but more about the fact that the eu is n't a united country like russia , china or usa . 
  while those countries have their own problems , it 's still a big difference having 1 government and not 20 . 
  what makes you think to everyone else soccer is the game ? 
  if soccer is a global niche sport it can still attract more fans just by being wide spread while most other niche sports stay local . 
  living in ireland , i can tell you we have also lots of other niche sports that are not even played in any other country . 
  so much for choice . 
  but that does n't mean that football is small , even though people have options . 
   i think it 's accurate to describe soccer as a religion in most other countries , and to describe america as a place of freedom of religion . 
  i think at this point you 're just trolling because you ca n't be serious ... 
  edit : have you ever been in europe or anywhere else outside of the north american continent for more than 2 weeks ? 
  before i watch the 30 min video , why would i play this game instead of the others out there like civ v ? 
  what are the `` selling points '' . 
  i am genuinely curious ... 
  the change of season sounds like a really nice idea . 
  that 's really great . 
  i have started to tackle the same problem , hopefully i will end with the same result ( kinda ) , 
  well done !, 
  this thread is so shitty . 
  op is and the comments are . 
  basically you have whiny friends and now you come here to whine about your whiny friends . 
  good job , op . 
  maybe you need to find a better class of friends rather than complaining about them . 
  also , it 's not something you will find only in ireland . 
  i do n't know and i do n't care where you 're from but people are different and `` you being people in general '' sound already so judgemental . 
  maybe you should drink a bit more and relax a little ... 
  not quite . 
  but if it makes you happy , you can see it any way you like . 
  it really is n't just your post that is so bad , it 's also your comments . 
  hard to see anything funny when it 's actually really , really sad . 
  i think you also left way too late . 
  if the flight was that important why did n't you set off earlier ? 
  there is always something that can come up , not just a lazy ass driver . 
  same for me . 
  another good stream would be http://www.tvplayer.com/worldcup, 
  maybe you have changed . 
  but the comments in here are n't that bad . 
  in fact , your comment is the most useless in here by far ... 
  this is beautiful , thank you . 
  endless space is very enjoyable . 
  me and my friends have spend countless hours on it . 
  what do you expect from the reddit community in one of the biggest subreddits ? 
  there is no sympathy here ... 
  i agree . 
  and i also doubt there have to be 6 people in the picture at the same time ...
