  well ... it 's a subreddit about laughing about other people so ... yes , you 're right , 
  i did get `` loss forgiven '' during some of the events . 
  i do n't know how they check who is eligible but i know a few people got it . 
  as many pointed out already , this is fake . 
  - the tv model changes, 
  - the wall behind the tv changes, 
  - the connected devices change, 
  i agree , the wall does n't change , my mistake . 
  you can even see the shadow of a plant in the third picture that might be from the plant in the second picture . 
  regarding the tv you can see the `` panasonic '' at the bottom of the tv which i ca n't seem to make out in the second picture . 
  not sure if it 's just my screen , the lighting or in fact a different tv set . 
  after checking it again i see what you mean and i agree i was wrong regarding the wall . 
  however , i still do n't understand who would plug in a console , take a picture and then unplug it again for different devices just to take another screenshot . 
  just from the scale it does n't seem to be any devices that are still in picture 3 . 
  even though i am late to the party :, 
  my parents received a similar letter about 10 years ago regarding a paid porn site and you can imagine the awkward conversation . 
  however , they believed me when i told them that i would never pay for this kinda stuff and i seemed smart enough not to actually do this . 
  they contacted a lawyer how contacted the other party . 
  we never heard back from them and even the website got removed due to spam and fraud reason . 
  the problem with that is the german law . 
  if you receive a letter regarding a claim and you ignore it , you basically plead guilty . 
  you have to respond or contact a lawyer otherwise the claiming party has a strong case . 
  i am not that much into law that i know every single exception or situation but i assume this is what they are doing . 
  hoping that people will pay or ignore the letter so they can charge them later anyway . 
  really nice gifs but i feel that one of them is pretty pointless :, 
  why not just use an image ? 
  edit : gif related, 
  you have to use `` game breaking '' or no one will pay attention : /, 
  it also appears enemy can often use skills/escapes even though you used your ultimate on them . 
  had it a few times that enemies flashed/jumped even though my ultimate was clearly visible on them . 
  it really just comes down to practicing . 
  it is also worth looking at your own wave to see what creeps they are attacking so make last hitting easier . 
  tower aggro and damage is also important if you have to last hit under tower . 
  unlikely , since that would nerf her mid play as well where she needs that stun and dmg . 
  either ban her or learn 1 or 2 champs that can deal with her . 
  depends on the picks of your team really . 
  also , check minion wave , mana and cooldowns . 
  depends on what you want to play . 
  zed and kha are ad assassins . 
  syndra and gragas are ap but with different play style . 
  they want to farm points and not lose any games . 
  lmq seems to be pretty strong . 
  yes , it is . 
  faker builds shield a few times when playing kata mid . 
  here is a video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqrew57q5w4, 
  i do n't even live in the us so i ca n't comment on that . 
  just start with ad runes and butcher mastery , that should give you enough damage to kill creeps more easily . 
  you can do both . 
  farm a lane while pushing it and try to take tower or at least get the enemy teams attention . 
  if your team is ahead , the enemy ca n't afford to send 2 people to your lane to stop you . 
  do n't overextent , do n't rush , just keep the pressure high and let your team do the rest . 
  biggest mistakes a lot of nasus players are doing is thinking that they are invulnerable . 
  they overextend , play 1v5 and die a lot . 
  do n't do that . 
  you need patience to win with nasus . 
  tank nida got nerfed and is still `` ok '' but nothing like ap nida . 
  diana is still a strong pick but her kit is depending on hitting her skill shot which is n't really great when you compare it to orianna or syndra . 
  yes, 
  you have to provide opportunities for your team to get kills and stop the enemy team from getting kills . 
  you 're not supposed to kill everyone with one barrel but you can peal and poke . 
  you are also very tanky so you might want to invest in items that give you more tank and less ap . 
  but even at late game you should be able to destroy carries since thy usually do n't build tank but dmg . 
  in pro games you will see a lot of champs that have heavy cc or utility , neither are present in diana . 
  she is a strong solo champ but adds nothing to the team like a ranged stun , shield for someone else or heal . 
  people like to play champs they see the pro players playing and since diana is n't really a team champ , you wo n't see her in solo queue very often . 
  pick rate is n't that low but still not very good http://www.lolking.net/champions/diana&amp;region=all&amp;map=sr&amp;queue=1x1#statistics in comparison to http://www.lolking.net/charts?region=all&amp;type=champion-unpopularity&amp;range=monthly&amp;map=sr&amp;queue=1x1&amp;league=ranked . 
  maybe that 's your issue . 
  you need to calm down , maybe take a break . 
  if you 're already raging in your comments on reddit , i assume you go on tilt in-game very quickly . 
  a lot has changed in season 4 but the most important thing to remember is that it 's very hard for one lane to snowball anymore . 
  you can comeback from almost anything if you stay calm and keep your farm ( and maybe kills ) up . 
  what 's your summoner name ? 
  how are people supposed to help you when they ca n't even see what you 're picking/building ? 
  how far ? 
  is lissandra still banned too ? 
  ok , cool . 
  thank you . 
  madlife played really well but there is only so much you can do as support . 
  frost got outpicked and had no realistic chance of winning . 
  and as monto was saying , thresh hook is the only initiate they had which is against a poke comp so hard life for madlife . 
  we 'll see how he will be doing for the other games . 
  yeah , the zed pick was terrible and had no affect on the game at all . 
  i disagree with the early dragon . 
  what was the advantage for that ? 
  madlife was lvl 1 when when he got to lane while everyone else was lvl 4 and they lost bot tower super quickly . 
  additionaly , early dragon does n't give a lot of gold anymore so they were only 400/500 gold ahead which was immediately negated by the first tower . 
  the early dragen was a big mistake and had absolutely no advantages for frost . 
  i think the lane swap itself was a big mistake . 
  knowing that they have a push comp , they should n't have put mundo in a 1v2 situation . 
  i know it 's easy to say things after a game but i did n't expect that low level of team awareness from frost today . 
  watching all 3 games just showed , how much they need to improve their champ pool and pick/bans . 
  maybe they did n't prepare enough for ozone in particular and underestimated them . 
  but again , would n't expect that from a top tier team . 
  i think space was ok but helios and especially gbm did n't impress at all . 
  but mata also had a team . 
  not so sure about that one . 
  only saw leona today , 
  edit : this . 
  joke . 
  thank you for your attention .
