  it does n't state anywhere that these are `` donations '' . 
  every gift ever made is technically a donation since you do n't get charged for it . 
  you ca n't just close down a amazon wishlist just because of that . 
  she works for public relation or community or something like that . 
  she is not a programmer or gm . 
  on top of that , she works in the dust department . 
  by your logic , even the janitor should n't have a amazon wishlist . 
  yes , freighters can transport ore and they do n't have a cargo hold . 
  you can go to one of the tournaments ... 
  i think a lot of people in eve and dust do n't really understand how they work together since they can only play either of them but not both . 
   duoq is a way where you and one of your other ** friends ** can join a ranked game . 
  why make it complicated to play with a friend ? 
  what if he manages to get to gold v while i am still at silver i ? 
  and regarding your case ... one champion stomping your team has nothing to do with this one player being good but all of you being terrible . 
  since they had a renekton with bronze i you guys should have domininated his lane and gain advantage that way . 
  you did n't and you need to improve . 
  that is no reason to restrict thw way i want to play with my friends . 
  btw ... maybe you should take the time and learn why cassio was so good and get better yourself instead of crying on the forums ... 
  you should do 2 things :, 
  build a team comp for the play style you are going with, 
  building a team that can react to enemy team composition, 
  you do n't really pick a certain champion but rather a champion that has certain abilties ( wave clear , stun , escape , poke dmg ) . 
  if they ban the champion you were going to play you just pick the next one in line and adjust the rest . 
  i thought that was a skin idea, 
  major fizz bug reporting in ... 
  i recommend playing renekton or nasus top since they have great sustain and tank . 
  if you do n't play top very often , all you want to do is not to die and feed . 
  you ca n't go wrong with either of them and they are great throughout the game . 
  go full tank and help your team to win the game from midgame onwards . 
  how can you lose probes ? 
  are n't they recalled no matter what you do ? 
  you mean he has to do all the work himself ? 
  why do females get special treatment ? 
  i mean ... what do you think would be different for her ? 
  in case you have forgotten ... 
  there are no girls on the internet and the same goes for computer games . 
  of course support helps ... but what exactly is the difference between a male player and a female player ? 
  ingame it does n't matter so i do n't understand why there are separate groups . 
  how about you stop worrying about making plex and start enjoying the game ? 
  it 's a sandbox , not a guided tour . 
  rifters are still viable but since the rework almost every other ship is too . 
  you do n't have to worry about that anymore . 
  as a father and full time worker i can tell you you wo n't find another game like eve out there . 
  with a passive skill queue , a sandbox gameplay environment and a single server you never have to worry about falling behind in anything or not having anyone to play with . 
  there are always thousands of people online at any given time and it 's easy to find people to play with through ingame tools or forums . 
  you are not restricted to the way you want to enjoy the game and if you ca n't play for 2 weeks no one is judging you . 
  in fact , it feels great coming back after 2 weeks and having finished another long term skill and getting right back into the action . 
  i recommend getting into a corp and getting the hang of the game as quickly as possible . 
  there are many others like you and they all are just waiting for the perfect wingman . 
  the one you have fun with/have best skills for i would suggest , 
  it sounds like you are stuck in a situation you do n't like and you have no energy to get out . 
  and to be fair ... it sounds like you are your biggest obstacle :, 
   i find no motivation to try anything . 
   i can only see futility, 
   i stopped feeling capable of loving someone after getting hurt, 
   stuck in a dead-end country with no future other than decay, 
  why are you stuck ? 
  what is stopping you from leaving ? 
   i 'm forced to live this empty , torturous , meaningless life, 
  then do something with it ... life is a sandbox ... it 's what you come up with and what you want to do . 
  from your last comment i assume you live in a eastern european country and your english seems fine too . 
  why do n't you apply for a foreign speaking job in europe ? 
  you usually get a relocation packet that pays for flights and accomodation for the first month . 
  that also means a change that ( as far as i can tell ) can only improve your current state . 
  i recommend having multiple `` homes '' for different purposes . 
  you will find that it is hard to keep everything at the same place and instead of spreading out too much , you should create a few `` nodes '' for different purposes . 
  i personally like enclosed high sec pockets in low sec space with stations . 
  these are great for outposts since you do n't have to worry about undocking or high pvp activity since it 's high sec . 
  but at the same time you are surrounded by low sec systems so the traffic is very low and usually there are no gate camps because of the low traffic . 
  edit : http://evemaps.dotlan.net/map/molden_heath#sec horaka is an example for an high sec pocket, 
  the outposts are great if you want to store ships or ore from your miner or other valuable items until you 're ready to go through low sec into the high sec trading space to sell them because the gates that lead to a different security ( high to low / low to 0 / ) are usually the dangerous spots ), 
  unlike the typical fantasy mmo no one is telling you how to play the game and there are almost no restrictions to what you can do . 
  you start with a character that is capable of doing everyhting so you never have to enroll a new char just because you want to do something else ( having said that , a lot of people have more than just 1 char , just because you can do everything does n't mean it 's feasable ), 
  it 's a sandbox game . 
  there are no levels . 
  skills are being learned in real time , not by grinding . 
  there tons of other posts about this already . 
  i really recommend using the search function . 
  the advanced setting has nothing to do with it . 
  you tried to sell , the buyer did n't have enough money in his wallet and the order dropped . 
  in the same moment , you create a sell order with the amount you wanted to sell for ( regardless of advanced more or simple mode ) and the old buy order disappeared . 
  that 's why you think one of the order * actually sold * ... it got removed because the buyer did n't have the isk required in his wallet . 
  i do n't know who you are trying to convince here but this was a scam and you fell for it . 
  exactly , you ca n't sell at all . 
  the escrow is just removed and put back into the users wallet while your item is placed as a sell order . 
  the skill is not broken , just being abused . 
  no worries , it can happen and you 're not the first one who did that and certainly not the last one . 
  * if it looks to good to be true , it probably is . 
  this picture needs an image of hitler ... 
  you can use the channel `` free wrecks '' and work as a freelancer or go straight to [ pro synergy ] ( http://prosynergyeve.com/ ) and work as a contractor . 
  what you need to understand is : in high sec , concord is not there to protect you but to punish the player who attacks first . 
  everyone can attack you but at the same time they will get blown up . 
  this can happen by accident or on purpose ( suicide ganking ) . 
  that means , as long as you do n't have anything with value in your cargo or fitted to your ship you do n't have to worry about it . 
  there are ways to fight in high sec without concord interfering though . 
  and your understanding of `` veteran '' is a bit misleading for eve . 
  just because you play this game for longer does n't mean you have better skills . 
  do n't think of veterans in this game and fear everyone and everything . 
  that 's the safest starting point and from there you will find out what you can and ca n't do and who you can trust . 
  i think it 's 90 minutes ... might be 2 hours though .
