  it gets rid of the whole social security system on top of that . 
  and it 's not a subsistence . 
  it 's an income . 
  that is so true . 
  you could tell that his team wanted him to take gragas but he wanted to go for zed . 
  i am sure this was hist last game with this team . 
  i never questioned that . 
  it would n't be able to being misused by the `` powerful '' , instead has quite the opposite effect . 
  less pressure on the working class means more pressure on companies and their ceo 's . 
  imagine people have the chance to say `` no '' to a job . 
  that means wages and/or working conditions have to be adjusted . 
  at the moment , most companies rely on the fact that people need jobs and do everything to get one . 
  if the is n't the case anymore we will get back to a healthy relationship between employer and employee . 
  not sure if serious ... 
  if the basic income is n't set high enough , it 's not being misused , it 's simply not a * basic * income . 
  but even in that scenario . 
  i do n't see how that can be called `` misused '' ? 
  you still save huge amounts of money by getting rid of the rest of the welfare system . 
  as i said , the basic income would completely miss the point and would n't even be considered a basic income . 
  but that 's why those studies are needed and need to be supported . 
  if the `` powerful '' , as you called them , want to give you less , they have other ways to do that already . 
  you 're not getting more through the current system and instead make it simpler and better for the working class . 
  thank you for pointing it out . 
  i wanted to use a more extreme scenario to show how much money is wasted today already . 
  i agree that i should have made this more clear in the example . 
  i will edit it . 
  btw : i removed the math part since i was doing it at work very hastily and also wrong . 
  i apologise for that poor example . 
  i agree . 
  not being used for what it 's intended . 
  when we talk about welfare , that 's not just the money that 's being used to help people . 
  that 's also the budget to pay for staff , resources , buildings/rent . 
  that 's why it 's wasted since the money could be used the help the people directly . 
  i make a seperate reply to your math example which is much better than my poorly one :, 
  43 billion a year is actually an amount that 's affordable . 
  i agree that it 's twice as much as the current one but the problem with this calculation is that it does n't consider the tax change . 
  the assumed tax increase for this model would be around 45 % , as suggested in the older article from 2001 but can also found in more recent examples . 
  now , technically you could say that you can give people twice as much since you also take away twice as much . 
  please note that this does n't mean price increase . 
  this means tax increase . 
  you do n't just inflate everything . 
  example :, 
  given that prices stay the same , you have a 20 % tax instead of the 10 % tax . 
  this can be done since staff does n't have to be paid that much anymore and therefore the price for the goods can stay the same while the government can increase the tax . 
  i hope this made this more understandable . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that was a joke . 
  why is the tax increase a problem ? 
  as mentioned in my previous post , the only real difference is that the money does n't end up with the company but with the government . 
  you pay the same price and might even get the same amount of money in the end . 
  how does that stop it from working ? 
  woh woh woh , calm down . 
  jesus christ , that was a joke ffs . 
  how can you forget prices when you think about taxes ? 
  when you buy a product , you also pay for the staff . 
  when you buy a drink at the bar , you also pay a percentage for the barkeeper or where do you think the money for the wage comes from ? 
  those percentages go down since they do n't have to pay you that much any more due to the basic income . 
  that gives the possibility to increase the sales tax without actually increasing the price . 
  the problem is that you seem to want exact numbers . 
  but the basic income debate is only at the beginning and the exact details need to be checked on a specific case . 
  you ca n't have a conversation about details in general . 
  you need to check the taxes for a specific country and how it works . 
  there are enough math examples out there that show how the tax would be adjusted to compensate for that . 
  i understand that you might not want to take the time to look them up but please do n't talk about how it 's not possible just because it sounds impossible to you at the moment . 
  no , i did not say that the price goes down . 
  i said the price remains the same , several times . 
  i said the gap from the reduces percentage for the wage can be used for sales tax which remains in the same price for the consumer but brings in more money back for the government . 
  i was n't talking about income tax at all . 
  never even mentioned income tax . 
  why do n't you just answer the god damn question instead of being so full of yourself ? 
  he asked you a simple question and you replied with the most useless answer possible stating what a great fan you are and how stupid everyone else is . 
  get your ego together and put more information in your post . 
  it appears a few people have missed it . 
  intead of being dick , be a bit more helpful . 
  this seems to be the reason most people are actually unhappy . 
  they always think it could be better and are never happy about what they actually have . 
  is this supposed to be a question or just a rant ? 
  i think he is fairly weak against other melee champs compared to ranged champs . 
  he ca n't just dodge an auto attack or use his wall like against ranged attacks or skill shots . 
  if you struggle against him you might just want to swap lanes with your top laner . 
  shove the lane when your opponent is taking blue or otherwise not at the lane so he missed out on farm . 
  if your opponent is already ganking another lane just push the wave and try to take the tower . 
  do n't follow your opponent when he is already at the other lane since you wo n't be there on time and just waste time and xp . 
  try to take tower , counterjungle or maybe even gank the other lane . 
  try to freeze the lane when you 're behind and just want to farm or are waiting for a gank from your jungler . 
  the only real counter i know and play is pantheon . 
  you can easily kill him early even under his own tower up to the point where he might not even want to be on the lane anymore . 
  otherwise i just hope he does n't get picked . 
  zaphyr has really low damage but a high atk speed steroid + tenacity . 
  as an adc you mostly go for dmg , attack speed and crit . 
  the movement speed and cdr are nice but not the main priorities . 
  it can be good but usually other items excel your adc more than this item . 
  zephyr is more used on melee champs since they do need movement speed and get hit by cc more often . 
  i understand and i do n't think it 's a bad quote per se , 
  there was a good thread about this yesterday : http://www.reignofgaming.net/tier-lists/solo-tier-list/26922-solo-queue-tier-list-yasuo-era-patch-3-15 . 
  kha'zix , syndra or ziggs would be very strong mid champs . 
  edit : not saying your champs are n't strong but ahri and zed got nerfed and fizz is mostly banned . 
  i personally do n't think he is actually super strong if you do n't completely mess up against him . 
  he is strong but i think there are better picks . 
  do you mean you have 1 champ for each lane or 1 champ at all ?
