  yes , it 's an open channel . 
  you can agree to split the isk for the salvage and get some extra cash for no extra work . 
  of course , you have no garantee the salvager will give you the isk but most of them do since they want you to keep providing them with loot . 
  the problem with ` pro life ' is that the word is misleading . 
  it is not ` pro life ' but rather ` pro birth ' . 
  people who are ' pro life ' do n't care about the life of each person . 
  they just want to make sure that the child is born . 
  what happens after that ... they do n't care anymore . 
  you can be ` pro life ' but at least make sure you support the mother and the child in all stages of life and not only until thy leave he hospital . 
  if you do n't want to or ca n't provide for them , do n't force the woman into having a child . 
  what is this ? 
  tears of a manufacturer ? 
  the karma train has barely left the station ... worth a try . 
  you are confusing 2 things . 
  your workstation ( pc ), 
  your input devices ( mouse , keyboard ), 
  just because you do n't have pcs anymore does n't mean you have to work with a touchscreen . 
  it is already possible to use a phone as a workstation , just attach a keyboard and a screen . 
  and the same can be made possible for tablets . 
  in a few years it might be normal to come to work , plug in your work phone to your screen , mouse and keyboard and not having to turn on a computer . 
  same goes for gaming pcs . 
  i am aware that most mobile phones nowadays are ' t powerful enough for gaming or complex office jobs but that will change over the years . 
  and while desktop pcs and laptops are getting redundant , so is windows . 
  is that a marketing text ? 
   while having it run a 22in monitor without melting itself, 
  i do n't see what the size of the screen has to do with the heat ? 
  it 's not powering the screen , just providing the display information . 
   you think we 're going to be able to cram that much [ ... ] anytime in the near future, 
  no , i never said that and mentioned that multiple times . 
   and mobile os 's are complete garbage for trying to get work done . 
  they are now ... that does n't mean it wo n't change . 
   i just do n't see them fitting that into a phone anytime soon . 
  as i said ... i do n't think it will happen over night but i am sure it will happen . 
  not one part of your reply actually covers the part that you think the pc wo n't get replaced just because you need keyboard and mouse . 
  i was just trying to point out that these are 2 different issues and i am sure the pc as such will get replaced but that does n't mean you wo n't stop using mouse and keyboard . 
  you have to be careful though ... ratting in 0 eats your soul . 
  very rewarding but very dull too, 
  i think he meant to say that you do theoretically have the time to fly a battlecruiser within your first 21 days , not that it is possible . 
  that is not the same . 
  just imagine you come home from a boring job in an office , log into eve and start grinding . 
  same repetitive stuff , all the time . 
  of course , if you only want to pay for cheap pvp ships , 1 hour grinding is enough to last you for almost a month if done properly ... but if you want to get bigger ships ... it 's the other way around . 
  because it has nothing to do with abortion but with a complication after a medical procedure . 
  in this case , the medical procedure was an abortion but it might as well have been something else . 
  maybe if performed in a different hospital in the uk it would have also been prevented . 
  i do n't think it 's important for this case in what country the procedure was but in what hospital . 
  the same thing can happen in every country . 
  who says the same thing would n't have happened in ireland ? 
  this is an issue that can happen in every country . 
  not with these lunatics running around . 
  abortion should not only require a physical post procedure check but also a mental . 
  but you can imagine a lot of people will protest to have tax money `` wasted '' to support someone who killed a baby . 
   when you push someone out of the country to get an abortion , you are taking her away from her usual medical supports - from the doctors who know her . 
  while this is true , this is not restricted to abortion . 
  you can be in need of a hospital in a foreign country even while being on holiday . 
  and if you die after a procedure in a hospital you need to examine the issue first before making the whole thing polititcal . 
   it would seem to me that if you allow women to avail of terminations in ireland , you are improving their chances of accessing any after care they may need . 
  we ca n't be sure of that . 
  irish doctors might be worse at abortions since they have not as much experience as the british counter part . 
  having beaches in ireland does n't mean it 's safer to go swimming over here than in any other country . 
  the real difference is the amount of effort and money that is needed to get an abortion done but i would be careful to claim that those things could have been prevented by doing that in ireland . 
   i still think that it 's safe to say that it would be more accessible for women to revisit the hospital/clinic for any aftercare , whether a scheduled checkup , or an emergency visit , if the facility is in ireland . 
  i completely agree . 
  just alone the fact that having your family around helps a lot to deal with the procedure . 
  why is this cringe ? 
   it should n't have been in a uk hospital in the first place . 
  again ... the same thing can happen in irish hospitals . 
  it does n't matter where it happened . 
   it is a black policy here to send women to the uk for terminations . 
  if we sent all our orthopedic cases ... 
  no one is `` sending '' them to the uk . 
  i agree that abortions should be allowed in ireland but since complaications can happen in every country to every person this case has nothing to do with the recent bill . 
  ** imagine ** , ( abortion is legal in ireland ) she would have had an abortion in ireland and then died on her way home ( and not in the uk ) . 
  we would talk about the dangers of abortion and how it kills women and people would want to ban abortion again . 
  i do n't see how a death due to a medical procedure helps with an abortion bill . 
  and she could have died here as well ... 
   but then it 'd just be a domestic matter, 
  you do n't think people would start protesting against abortion since someone died because of it ? 
  why would you arrest pregnant women at the airport when traveling to the uk ? 
  you ca n't stop them from seeing family or friends just because they are pregnant and you assume they will have an abortion . 
   sometimes it could take a while, 
  you mean it can take a while for bookmarks to show up or after using a new installation of eve ? 
  yeah , we 're talking about bookmarks for salvaging that show up ingame when you right click in space . 
  ok , cool thanks . 
  it was instantly in the past with one installation and i was a bit quick in deleting them after they did n't show up now . 
  i 'll wait a bit and see if they come up . 
  thanks for your advice, 
  the session change could explain it . 
  usually , the bookmark is set before the salvager enters the system and i have never checked it before . 
  i 'll test it as soon as i come home . 
  thanks for all the advice guys , 
   what would you guys do ? 
  would ? 
  gank some miners or people at gates . 
  just blow up their ships to remind them what game they 're playing and that safety is an illusion . 
  ... continuing your valuable contribution to the game . 
  ah man ... i would love that ... especially if it would hit me :p, 
  i still think `` fanny pack '' is hilarious ... 
  the learning curve is n't that bad anymore . 
  they have improved a lot and new players can easily find their way .
