  but this was blizzards policy because they did n't want to piss off there players . 
  all i am saying is that they did n't have to . 
  i hear this so often and it always shows that people do n't even try to understand . 
  what do you think is in the tou ? 
  do you really think a mulit million dollar company just comes up with random tou ? 
  of course you have to check them and of course they are not above the regional law ... but i hope i am not disappointing you by saying that the tou ( in almost all cases ) only reflect the law that is applied anyway . 
  edit : please show me where server issues are covered by the eu . 
  germany is a very rare example . 
  but the example is not true . 
  if the requirements are publicly available you ca n't use that as a reason . 
  and i do n't know a single piece of software that does n't state its requirement . 
  example of court case ? 
  example of court case ? 
  do n't worry about those things for now . 
  cyno is unimportant in high ~ ~ and low sec ~ ~ since you ca n't use them there . 
  stick with low sec for pvp and do n't start with drone boats . 
  just try to lock and shoot people ( in low ) . 
  that also does n't include fleets . 
  so basically , most of your concerns do n't matter for now and you will learn all of these things gradually . 
  just stick to fitting and combat for now . 
  you can do some mission running to get the hang of comabt and drones . 
  edit : ofc they can be used in low sec , my bad : /, 
  when you have your map open go to the `` stars '' tab . 
  i do n't have eve open at the moment but you should be able to color the stars by what security status they have . 
  that way you can easily see if you 're in high or low sec . 
  also , high sec is 1.0 - 0.5 and low sec is 0.4 - 0.1 . 
  if you mouse over a system it tells you the security status . 
  that also shows you if it 's high or low sec . 
  would n't it be easier to fly away 50km so you 're 150km away and then warp ? 
  makes it less obvious then scan probes . 
  ah yes , my bad . 
  thanks . 
  true ... did n't think of that , 
  he has bc5 already . 
  that should n't be a problem, 
  that still means he should be able to fly one command ship ( amarr in his case ) but none of the other . 
  previous comment just said `` any command ships '' which is n't true under the given circumstances for morial . 
  i would recommend using a t2 frig , they are much faster and you can do everything except maybe 4/10 . 
  if you happen to find a 4/10 have a bc ready in one of your main stations . 
  a t2 frig is obviously just the cheap version of a t3 cruiser , if you ca n't fly or afford one . 
  is this documented somewhere or a source for this ? 
  that sounds interesting . 
  can someone explain to me what 's wrong with them ? 
  i might be one of the few that never had to deal with them other than shooting them when the fc said so . 
  i do n't know much about pos 's so i would appreciate if someone could explain all that hate . 
  thank you, 
   the worst of it is that i 'd grown so used to it , that i did n't even realize, 
  i know what you mean ... now that you mentioned it ... i never really thought about it . 
  the thing about roles sounds like a major pain in the ass . 
  how does it work with fitting ships in a pos ? 
  for example you 're in a wh . 
  can you even fit ships or do you need to fly out of the wh to a station ? 
  thanks for explaining , 
  thanks , 
  to add to all the previous comments :, 
  you can also check the map and check how many pilots are in space ( avarage over the past 30 minutes ) and how many ships have been blown up in the last 60 minutes . 
  note : this wo n't give you 100 % information and you should n't rely on it but it will give you a very good idea of the system you 're about to jump in . 
  also , get yourself a cheap lewsec destroyer or cruiser . 
  use nothing expensive and only enough to do the mission . 
  use your main mission ship only in high sec . 
   also , random specific question : if i am in a battle , running risk of getting destroyed and i need to warp out , what is the easiest and quickest way to do so in order to save my own skin ? 
  when you realize your tank will fail , align to the spot where you want to warp to . 
  as soon as you are aligned you should be able to warp more or less instantly . 
  you might not find 50.000 of this item but you 'll need 50.000 as the minimum in order to sell . 
  it is aimed at people not checking the minimum and buying this stuff because they want to sell , only to realise that they need 50.000 . 
  will they announce the voting in the eve login screen ? 
  i have never participated and do n't know if i have to check it myself or if i do get a reminder . 
  how massivle does ccp announce this kinda stuff ? 
  edit : word, 
  more like `` check it myself '' ... well ... i guess now i 'll never find out, 
  thanks , 
  why does it say `` zac only '' then ? 
  i have seen a few of them and was wondering ... what makes the tornado better then any other t3 ? 
  would n't the naga be good too with optimal range ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  i still have to get used to `` attack battlecruiser '' but thanks for the reminder . 
  i guess as long as we do n't have t3 bc it 's not a big problem but who knows what the future brings , 
  that 's what i was trying to say , 
  haha lucky you  i also encountered several gate camps and this is also one of the reason why i would like to try it out for myself . 
  i still need a `` normal '' security status so i wo n't do it often but at least once or twice to see how it goes . 
  you can make it by high sec gas cloud mining . 
  not the fastest way but i am pretty sure you can make 100 mill in 2 weeks easily . 
  i usually do them when i have scanned the area and nothing else is left . 
  usually no one does them anyway so there is no rush . 
  edit : just to clarify ... i only brought up gas cloud mining since we are talking about a venture ... and that 's what a venture is good for , 
  nothing good ... 
  i ca n't really recommend a corp since i am a in very small , private corp myself and i am trying to stay away from it all . 
  i would recommend doing one of 2 things :, 
  join a high sec mission/exploration corp if you feel you need some time to get the hang of the game . 
  you are relatively secure in high sec and can focus and ship types/training ... the basics . 
  if that is already too basic for you i would recommend to look for a low sec corp. 
  lot of stuff is going on , pvp , exploration , pvp , gate camps , pvp ... you get the idea . 
  it 's dangerous but without bubbles . 
  side note : do n't join a 0 sec corp for now unless you enjoy being stuck in a big fleet and being fleet warped through the galaxy while drinking your tea and enjoying the nude pics posted in local only to shoot at a random structure , abandon mission or get bombed away . 
  as you can tell , i am not too keen about 0 sec and i am sure it 's not that bad ... but i do n't really like it . 
  since you presumably do n't have a lot of sp you would fly a tackler ( either low or 0 sec ) and i can promise you that a tackler in low sec is much more fun than 0 . 
  edit : fweddit or rvb are some good corps i think . 
  they do n't take eve too seriously and you can learn a lot . 
  there are a few corps like that but maybe you can find some people here who can help you to join them , 
   did some nina looting,
