  why did you loot nina ? 
  that does n't sound like a nice thing to do and i am sure she did n't approve of that :(, 
  i think it were the dutch sailors when they discovered the island . 
  they had rats on board which then settled on the island . 
  and since they had no threat they could just spread across the island . 
  edit : i think it was documentary that covers most of the stuff http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeywmwo7x7i, 
  edit2 : also http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ho-vcpuuqq , also bbc, 
  edit3 : found some more stuff about the dutch on eatser island : http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/horizon/2003/easterisland.shtml, 
  i know , i know ... it 's all bbc but the informations seems `` legit '' , 
  you will have to do exploration for that . 
  you 'll need some extra skills to find ded sites . 
  not trying to be an arse here but you need to do a little more research yourself . 
  you should have basically every skill that includes `` astrometrics '' and this article covers everything you need to know about probing and how to find sites : http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/scanning_%26_probing, 
  exploration is n't a small topic to start with and there are lots of things to consider . 
  i think there even is a training ingame about it . 
  you should start with that and check what skills you 'll need to equip probe launcher . 
  there lots of tutorials on youtube as well . 
  i would recommend any of them since they show you how to do it . 
  there is nothing more really if you know how to scan and find sites . 
  ded sites are n't marked as ded site , they always have a name depending on which one you found :, 
  you might want to look into doing sites in low sec with a legion . 
  you ca n't access 1/10 and 2/10 with a cruiser anyway but everything above 2/10 . 
  i would recommend to get a t2 frig and do the 1/10 - 3/10 with your frig and everyhting above 3/10 with your legion . 
  you 're welcome, 
  you need to start muting people . 
  do n't make a big drama out if it . 
  just mute the person and focus on playing the game . 
  how about you say `` i understand '' instead ? 
  it 's shy ronnie !!, 
  npc 's seems to react to e-war quite a bit so i recommend using a tracking disruptor or something to keep the aggro away from your drones . 
  i use an arbitrator for low sec exploration and it works like a charm . 
  not a single time have my drones being attacked dispite the fact that i send them about 45km away from my ship . 
  edit : i do n't even have any weapon modules fitted to attack . 
  the tracking disrupter in enough to focus all damage on me . 
   sorry for the bad english , i 've done my best , 
  `` your best '' ? 
  losers always whine about their `` best . '', 
  winners go home and fuck the prom queen . 
  -- sean connery as john mason , in the rock, 
  your point being ? 
  really got me . 
  i pressed back before the whole message was displayed and was back on the main screen . 
  even restarted my phone because i did n't know what was going on ... then saw it here on reddit . 
  well played sir . 
  that would cause people to leave the game when they know it 's a loss to prevent a loss of lp . 
  there is no easy fix to this and i assume that most games are played without any issues . 
  i would much rather have something for the case that 1 player actually never joined the game . 
  because that 's fairly obvious and game ruining . 
  i feel like playing lol right now , thank you . 
  this can easily be abused and will never happen , sry . 
  check out the red responses . 
  the first one reads :, 
   there are a few issues but the one we 're most concerned about is that any kind of loss forgiveness stemming from one player afking could encourage toxic behavior towards players that are n't playing well to attempt to force them to afk . 
  as you point out , you could mute other players who called for you to leave because you were n't dong well , but we would n't want to create a system that encouraged that behavior . 
  at the point where one player has to mute another , they 've already had a negative experience . 
  i think it should become a consumable . 
  that way you can buy it like a ward or red potion in the beginning without having to sell it at a later stage . 
  edit : spelling, 
  tbh ... you should be already gold if you 're really that good . 
  no offence but i can assure you that this thread will be downvoted to oblivion ... and maybe skyrim . 
  it really depends what you want to do . 
  ban blitz if you think your team ca n't dodge shit and will get hooked . 
  i personally prefer to ban elise , vi and lee since they are very mobile and a lot of people ca n't compute the fact the the map is bigger than their lane . 
  the problem is that you do n't have that many leavers anyway . 
  compared to the games played on a daily basis the number ca n't be very high otherwise you would see much more thread about it . 
  you have to keep in mind that only the unhappy people will go and post complains . 
  if everything is working and you have n't had a leaver in months you do n't go and post about that . 
  it 's all just perception . 
  i also think it is safe to assume that you will get more leavers the lower you go in the tier list . 
  that means that leaving is n't an issue overall , it 's an issue that occurs in a certain area of the league . 
  the problem with that is that k/d ratio does n't indicate that you did a good job . 
  it only means that you did the last hit or avoided all team fights to not lose elo . 
  which also means that tank/initiator wo n't get picked anymore because all they do is getting deaths and sometimes assists . 
  assuming ( i am support ) i try to defend my adc from the enemy bruiser . 
  i can keep him away but die doing so . 
  my adc kills 3 of the enemy team and the bruiser gets away . 
  that means i will lose 5 lp , my adc gains 9 lp and the bruiser gets a kill/assist but no death . 
  even though we won the team fight and maybe the game i still lose lp ... i do n't see this working at all . 
  edit : words, 
  nothing has changed in the last month . 
  only the usual visual upgrades to some older champs . 
  what exactly are you refering to ? 
  any links ? 
  the problem is that there are no `` official '' roles . 
  even though riot denies it , even they use these terms which is stupid . 
  it also would make more sense to go for bruiser , apc , adc , support , jungle ... this kinda stuff rather than top , mid ect . 
  what is better ? 
  one horse sized baron buff or a bunch of duck sized baron buffs ? 
  nothing can be done . 
  i think the average lol player is really good at blaming the wrong person . 
  [ it 's so free ] ( http://art.penny-arcade.com/photos/i-cv2d9w4/0/l/i-cv2d9w4-l.jpg ), 
  yes ... someone had to do it . 
  what ? 
  i do n't get any assists for targets i did n't attack . 
  if i only attack the bruiser and he gets away i do n't get anything . 
  and you do n't get an assist for the last hit ... you get the kill . 
  either you get something completely wrong here or you need to clarify what you 're trying to say . 
  relax cupcake , it was a joke . 
  -- quote of the kirky kirk, 
   and if i understand you right , the only thing there is to do ( pardon my sarcasm in advance ) to get rid of those leavers is to get a magical wand , snap fingers and become a platinum skilled player ?
