  team fortress , episode 1 +2 and portal are all great games too . 
  no they were n't . 
  as far as i know do they upgrade the whole engine and with that all the games that use that engine . 
  hey ,, 
  i just quote from the website :, 
  well the time of our open meeting has been and gone . 
  there was a reasonable level of interest and the discussions kept up past our allotted time . 
  exchange were very accommodating and im sure were it not for the fact that another group was booked in after us they would have let us stay there much longer to finish up . 
  we would like to thank the volunteers that make it possible for exchange to do what it does . 
  if anyone in the dublin area has a small event they need a space for we gladly recommend using exchange . 
  how is that nsfw ? 
  in most offices , some women wear less than this woman does . 
  haha ... i hear that quite often ... but seriously ... in that picture you see a leg an arm ... nothing more ... how on earth is that nsfw ? 
  is the middle east , yeah ... sure ... but i am pretty sure in the rest of the world a leg and an arm is not considered nsfw, 
  edit : i am pretty sure she is wearing pants or it must be a very well shaved beaver . 
  i really like that idea . 
  and i think it would be ok to apply restrictions to missions like what races you can or ca n't play . 
  but it would be great to have some me related objectives and i really like the shepard one :d, 
  did n't see that all get automatically flagged . 
  that explains it :d thanks for clearing that up, 
  have you tried sending them an email ? 
  maybe they can provide you with a solution . 
  you know ... sometimes game companies are n't dicks . 
  i had the same feeling in the beginning and wanted to stop . 
  then i got distracted and the song went on in the background ... was not disappointed . 
  i think it is a great statement and shows how much they appreciate their community and the people in it . 
  op will surely deliver , 
  if you still want it , contact me with your steam username please , 
  or ... you just do n't install and support them in the first place ... crazy idea ... i know, 
  actually ... is dolan, 
  oh yeah , sry , i forgot that facebook apps and sex are 100 % identical . 
  i guess this just is n't a `` life pro tip '' . 
  `` the purpose of lpt is to provide tips that improve your life in one way or another . '', 
  i do n't see how that tip improves life . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  you do n't get anything that you wo n't get from f2p . 
  you get gold/xp/unlocks ... everything that let 's you progress faster ... but you still have the same as everyone else, 
  nice idea , awful photshop skills, 
  thank you !, 
  i am pretty sure you are just imagining things . 
  but you could let us know what posts you are referring to ? 
  you have a wtf moment just because you have n't heard of these games before ? 
  and your first thought was `` hey , let 's whore for karma '' rather then checking out the games ? 
  you have been way too long on reddit my friend . 
  came here ... for this, 
  still not impressed, 
  didi you check the mirror recently ? 
  you could still go for gallente . 
  they have nice bonuses on armor repair and you could use drones/missiles , if you have some skills for that . 
  caldari and minmatar are a big change if you have trained for amarr but gallente should n't be too bad . 
  i checked and i think they do n't even have any missle boats :p so that was my mistake . 
  but i guess [ myrmidon ] ( http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/myrmidon ) would be the best ship for you considering your skills . 
  in the meantime you could go and learn hybrid turrets to make use of the full range of gallente ships ( armor and hybrid turret ) . 
  once you have skilled hybrid turrets to a decent level you could look into caldari ships , which are using hybrid turrets too ( but shield tanks ) . 
  all that 's left for caldari would be shield skills and you would be able to use all of them too . 
  after you have learned the shield skills you could learn projectile turrets and then use minmatar ships . 
  that way you only have to focus on one set of skills ( hybrid turrets -  shields -  projectile turrets ) and make more and more ships available without waiting for too long . 
  biggest mistake you could have made . 
  now all you friends , co-workers and family know who you are and i hope you enjoy the awkward silence when they see you the next time . . 
  that 's why you never ever post your face, 
  do n't tell me `` it 's just a naked human body '' . 
  now that she has posted her face it 's not `` just a '' naked body ... it 's hers . 
  and i 'm really interested to see what happens if the wrong person find out about that and spreads those pictures at school/work . 
  also ... she has deleted her profile already which was probably the best thing she could have done considering the circumstances . 
  see , we do n't have to argue about that . 
  she deleted her account already . 
   you really want someone to go through that ? 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  why would i want that ? 
   you 're exactly the type of person that perpetuates this kind of asinine attitude in the first place . 
  why ? 
  because i told her she should n't post naked pictures with her face in a public place ? 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't know where you live but in all places i know that could cause some serious humiliation . 
  are you stupid or something ? 
  i never said she should be ashamed of that , stop making things up . 
  you just obviously have no idea what consequences those pictures can have in real life . 
  you really need to grow up and learn how the world works . 
  thanks , i really appreciate that, 
  i started playing eve 3 month ago and did the tutorial first . 
  my first attempt was 4 years ago without any tutorials , i left the base and never logged back in . 
  i just had no idea what was going on . 
  from that point of view the tutorial really helped me but my friend was still the better help with `` just right-click '' . 
  nice to see that they still working on the tutorial that may years after release . 
  i just want to save that ... but you can have my upvote too, 
  and is literally worse than le hitler !, 
  separate your local chat from your normal chat window and put it in a place where it is always visible . 
  it is cruical to see everyone in local . 
  you should train for a t2 ship that has the resistances you need for the enemies you 're facing . 
  depending on the area you should more or less deal with the same enemy . 
  check out what type of dmg they do and train for a ship that has the needed resistances . 
  that way you do n't have to bother about your defence too much and can focus on dmg , scanning , ect . 
  also , forget about t3 for now ( e.g. 
  tengu ) unless you 're already super duper rich . 
  t2 costs only a quarter of a well fitted t3 but should be more than enough for what you need . 
  in caldari space you should encounter gurista . 
  gallente t2 would be best for gurista . 
  but t2 caldari is the next best option but needs a little bit more tank for kinetic . 
  either way you should have no problems with a t2 frig but it would cost you about 250 mill ish ... fully fitted and ready to go . 
  but this only applies to high sec .
