  i think `` donate per kill '' is even worse . 
  at least with `` death '' you relate to the victims . 
  just the reminder that we still have n't seen the tribunal case ... 
  anyone who enters their account details on a random websites desevers to get hacked in the first place : /, 
  i assume this post will get removed soon since we can see the names which will be seen as `` witch hunting '' ... 
  do we make a reddit post about every word morello posts ? 
  - reddit : `` morella says good bye to the communiy '', 
  morello : that sounds weird, 
  - reddit : `` morello confirms that user comment was weird '', 
  or just link the article : http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=234831, 
  it 's the same article for all of them . 
  sounds like you are the toxic player ... 
  you have those people in every game . 
  turn off `` all chat '' and you have removed half of them . 
  so what ? 
  someone starts to make his own game and uses an already established design ? 
  you would n't have half the games out there if that would n't be a normal scenario . 
  it 's also called `` first look '' so i assume it 's more about the programming and gameplay and not so much about the final touches to the design . 
  is this 1 word reply supposed to mean anything ? 
  i mean ... i can join in :, 
  dude ... chill ... i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  you replied with 1 word and i have no idea what you were trying to tell me . 
  so get you nerdgasm together and stop using `` dota2 '' as a reply that does n't make sense . 
  i created a ticket last night and got a response 2 hours later . 
  i guess mine was a real issue then ? 
  i think valve has done a lot of things wrong with dota2 , not just the legal aspect . 
  but that 's a whole new discussion . 
  i just wanted to say we do n't have to bash people for trying to create something and using already existing assets to start with . 
  this has been introduced a few weeks ago and is a very good system . 
  if you 're too lazy to click the `` random '' button , you definitely should n't play ranked . 
  edit : hilarious content further down, 
  love that skarner skin ... 
  i do n't see how playing video games is lazy ? 
  i am not sure what game you 're referring too but i find the dota2 style very appealing . 
  what has this to do with playing games ? 
  you do know that some people manage to do both ... going to work and playing video games in their spare time ? 
  why do you think having a family would stop me from playing ? 
  how about you start having any of these and see if it works out for you ? 
  did you create a ticket regarding account recovery ? 
  because that 's what i did and i had my account back after 2 hours . 
  i am not surprised . 
  yeah , you totally got me bro ... 
  jarvan and nocturne would be good to know . 
  do n't focus on too many champs though . 
  pick 4 and practice them excessively . 
  hahahaha , why do you think i am even american ? 
  you are truly hilarious . 
  only reacting to the people around me , thank you very much . 
  more karma !, 
  relevant user name ? 
  can you make sure we 're getting the high rez textures too ? 
  use destroyer v as a gap closer while you train your early cruiser skills . 
  if you 're not at the pc for 1 day or 2 just fill the gap with destroyer v and continue with cruiser as soon as you can update the skill queue again . 
  op seem to be bothered about the profit for ice mining . 
  my understanding is that ice mining should be more or less done by the people who need it and not just for afk isk . 
  checkout lolreplay and watch your own games afterwards . 
  see what you could have done better and check what the enemy was doing . 
  do n't forget the free tech support regarding uninstalling the game . 
  janna support :(, 
  no one likes her down where i am playing, 
  if you 've never heard of it you can check reddit or the forums to find some information about it . 
  it 's a third party program but quite common and used . 
  you need to blur the names or this post will be removed by the mods . 
  answer : you can write a ticket regarding this . 
  edit : i do n't even know what you 're on about ... but you can always write a ticket to riot ... fyi . 
  video ? 
  i think it 's called `` all random all mid '' for a reason . 
  i do n't even use re-rolls because that defeats the purpose of the game . 
  you can always create a custom game on that map where everyone can just pick a champion . 
  there is a dodge penalty , so get your `` facts '' straight . 
  just do n't play aram if you do n't like r. 
  this is not ranked , this is aram . 
  why worry about their ranked level ? 
  take a break . 
  took me 3 attempts to win and enter back in to my promo games until i got promoted . 
  if you 're getting stressed out , do n't play ranked . 
  yes . 
  that can happen when you get a random champion you 've never played before . 
  but why would i play `` all random , all mid '' then ? 
  and you ca n't `` change '' it ... you can re-roll and hope you get something else . 
  and even these re-rolls and limited . 
  just uninstall and you 're done . 
  if they ban you , you can always create a new account and continue playing if you really want to . 
   creating a new account is something i 'd never do, 
  wait until your account is banned . 
  you will create a new account in no time . 
  but you really should stop playing if you ca n't afford it . 
  this game has ( more or less ) cost me already a very good job and i really need to pay attention to how much time i devote to this game . 
  this was my lesson learned and i can only recommend to have break before something like this happens to someone else . 
  - what do you expect from the team in terms of organizing ( f.e. 
  moving into a house , streaming ), 
  - what are the `` minimum requirements '', 
  - what are your long term goals ? 
  - do you want to create a whole new team or do you want to pick up an existing , full team ? 
  ( what about subs ) ? 
  edit : sense, 
  please , everyone . 
  i know how to handle this rare breed :, 
  omg shut up noob feeder , l2p or uninstall , you fucking retard , omg no wards, 
  ` murica , plz,
