  and maybe the girl in the green zelda shirt should look like she 's actually enjoying it . 
  i mean ... she looks so bored and tired . 
  everytime i have to talk to my nmom on the phone i can barely open my mouth . 
  i just wish i would n't have to do this and my stomach hurts like hell even thinking about it . 
  increased blood pressure and other things always come along with it . 
  thank you for your words . 
  you 're absolutely right about the happiness . 
   they would still be able to each other, 
  each other what ?? 
  the tension ... what is it you 're trying to say ? 
  i hope he will update the video with your suggestion and the jax at the end , 
  dead pot society and hook are my all time favourites ... 
  his comment was shit just like most of the other comments here . 
  your gold wo n't change that . 
  but at least you keep the reddit servers running i guess . 
  why does this have to be a tsm/clg thing ? 
  they broke the rules knowingly . 
  do n't tell me monte does n't know the korean rules . 
  riot korea acted accordingly and they should have suspected it or at least be more cautious . 
  riot is their employer . 
  you follow the rules of your employer or you get sacked . 
  that 's how it works in the real world and that 's how it works for them . 
  monte knows the ruling of riot korea , he is not that stupid . 
  you ca n't ignore company policy just because it 's more convenient . 
  the rule is in place for 1 year now and they should have been more careful or just play scrims for the first day . 
  what about playing scrims ? 
  they could have done that . 
  monte knows the ruling of riot korea and he should have been more careful . 
  i understand that we keep using `` should '' , `` would '' and `` could '' but it 's unreasonable to blame riot for this . 
  they have a set of rules and you ca n't just break them for convenience reason . 
  it was messy to begin with from both parties . 
  but that does n't excuse a professional sports team from breaking the rules of their own employer . 
  one is riot na , the other riot korea . 
  can we please stop this circlejerk ? 
  rules are rules . 
  deal with it . 
  thank you . 
  and you 're sure that this was exactly the same situation ? 
  happened in korea and they were under contract with riot ? 
  if so , i would love to see a source on that because i ca n't find one . 
  what are rules for otherwise ? 
  i do n't understand your logic . 
  it 's not a guide , it 's a rule book . 
  it does n't * suggest * things , it states things . 
  edit : just to further clarify ... do you think your contract with your employer is just a guide too ? 
  or do you think your employer will stick to what it is said in the contract and will you hold accountable when you break the contract ? 
  same with your landlord . 
  or your bank . 
  sure , everyone can make mistakes but as far as i can see , riot did n't actually break the contract , clg did . 
  of course it matters where it is . 
  riot korea has a rule that bans pro gamers from competing in korea when found sharing their accounts . 
  riot na does n't have that . 
  therefore it 's crucial to consider the country it happened in . 
  why not ? 
  what ? 
  where did you read that ? 
   what the fuck are you even saying ? 
  maybe you should take a deep breath and actually read what i wrote ? 
   lustboy broke the rules and he 's not being fined , riot is inconsistent, 
  not the same scenario therefore different rules and punishment apply . 
  simple as that . 
  i explained that before but you obviously do n't want or ca n't read properly . 
  but i do n't want to stop your circlejerk . 
  go on if it makes you feel any better . 
  it seems pretty pointless to try and explain the situation to you . 
  thank you . 
  exactly what i was trying to explain but you did it much better . 
  it sure looks like it 's pretty hard to understand for some folks ... 
  especially with monte ... i am sure he has a lot of connections . 
  if they wanted to scrim , they would have several teams ready in no time, 
  what punishment are we talking about , the money or the ban ? 
  the ban was through riot korea and your example is riot na . 
  riot korea even states that people will get a 2 year ban so i am not sure what you 're expecting ? 
  the 14 day ban was in na and has nothing to do with a ruling in korea . 
  these are 2 completely different entities . 
  did you even read the ruling ? 
  of course it has . 
  it says it right in there ... 
  `` these players are also subject to ** sanctions by riot korea ** , including a 2-year ban from ogn and kespa-owned tournaments including but not limited to ogn champions , masters , and nlb . '', 
  i dont see how a ruling in korea impacts me as a player in eu/na . 
  the whole thing is just stupid . 
  clg broke the rules knowingly . 
  they had lots of other ways of handling the situation but now they 're trying to act all surprised and shocked . 
  they broke a rule and got the punishment . 
  it does n't matter what happened or did n't happen to other people . 
  clg screwed up and they should stop acting so defensively . 
  the same goes for their fans . 
  well ... looks like the first game has already shown that anything can happen . 
  dark passage looked horrible in that game . 
  are you sure the end game screenshot is correct ? 
  it shows corki and maokai, 
  good job on your posts anyway !, 
  i thought riot circlejerk was tuesdays ? 
  oh wow , that 's what i am doing ... i really need to stop this : /, 
  ignore him , he 's talking bullshit . 
  the airports do n't suck and it 's a nice city . 
  i thinks it 's nice when they move to the capital . 
   and suffer health , social , mental problems, 
  as if these are only caused by gaming . 
  more likely is that the person has these symptoms already or at least the tendency towards it .
