  maybe you should n't spend your time on eve then but rather looking for a job ? 
  you can get it cheaper if you get another subscription . 
  that 's an unusual method of providing tears ... but tears nonetheless . 
  perfect start in the day . 
  thank you op . 
  it depends on you . 
  if you could spend the time mining with something more profitable like mission running or incursion ... do this instead . 
  check how long you need to get all the ores and how much it would cost on the market , that will give you a good isk/hour ratio . 
  it 's up to you to decide if it 's worth it . 
   site signatures no longer disappear after the sites have been partially completed . 
  now all cans that contain loot have to be hacked or exploded for the site to despawn . 
  this is the worst . 
  now i have to fly up to the worthless container , start and cancel hacking so it gets blown up otherwise it will stay in space forever . 
  and i assume i 'll find more sites with only 1 or 2 containers left ... sounds very rewarding . 
  well ... it has nothing to do with `` cherry picking '' . 
  i just leave the ones i do n't care about and move on and leave the worthless to someone else . 
  this change assumes that people are nice to each other and clear a site so a new one respawns ... i do n't see how this will work in eve . 
  and ? 
  i never said it was n't cherry picking mr. smart arse ? 
  i just said that it has nothing to do with it . 
  as is said in my other comment : `` i never said it was n't cherry picking '' . 
  i was just trying to point out that it makes exploration just less rewarding . 
  please feel free to spend hours emptying all the crap containers . 
  i would be more than happy if some one does that for me . 
   sure , you can hope that someone else will finish the sites for you , but i doubt many people will continuously settle for the scraps after you cherry pick the sites . 
  and that 's what i am talking about . 
  if there is no good site left i just do incursion or something else . 
  but everyone who wants to do exploration will only find the crap . 
  if you come into the game and all you find is half done sites with shitty loot ... how long will you continue with exploration ? 
  all you want, 
  what good stuff ? 
  there is only crap left, 
  true . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  you do realize that the cherry pickers will come back once you have cleared the sites . 
  i do n't know how you imagine this ... are you even doing exploration ? 
  no one is `` leaving '' for incursions ... it 's not like they are gone for week and then come back . 
  you see ... i am getting a bit tired of this conversation since you seem to have a very weird view on exploration . 
  i 'll just leave you to this . 
  please feel free to continue scan down sites and loot the last shitty container from every site so people like me can enjoy the site again once it respawns . 
  thanks, 
  eve uni wiki recommends : `` for freighters , which have about 180-200k ehp , the benchmark value is 1b isk ( one billion ) . 
  as your cargo value exceeds 1b isk , combined with traveling through systems with a security status in the 0.5-0 .6 range , it becomes more and more likely that someone will gank you for your cargo value . '', 
  if you stay in that area you are pretty `` safe '' . 
  i like checking eve uni , they have tons of articles about everything . 
  gives you a great starting point for all your questions about eve . 
  cruiser v or awu should take a fair amount of time and you 'll get there quite fast . 
  or some valuable items . 
  since the gate is blocked all the time you would have enough timne to gether enough ships to blow up everything ... if it 's worth it . 
  did anything else get updated ? 
  i ca n't seem to find any change logs and his blog does n't even mention the update . 
  i appreciate that you do n't have a problem with cleaning shit containers and i am looking forward to finding more people like you so i can enjoy exploration without having to deal with the crap loot and the time effort . 
  i stopped reading after your first point . 
  if you ca n't or do n't want to pay for this game via subscription , this is the wrong game for you and you should look for a f2p alternative . 
  playing the game to afford a plex is like having an extremely low payed job . 
  i do n't recommend doing this since this will kill your motivation and burn you out very quickly . 
  and you have to spend a substantial amount of isk to keep the game running and you will need isk to afford in game items . 
  there is no real passive form of income . 
  some require less attention than others but nothing is truly passive . 
  and you will need skills and/or equipment for all of these , may it be pi , research or mining . 
  you biggest problem will be the missing skills in order to actually compete with people and make a profit . 
  that 's why it is unlikely someone will plex their account with their first char within the first 3 month . 
  it 'll get easier the longer you play the game though . 
  i would say you should expect to pay for the first 3 month of game time and see how it goes . 
  if you starting with pi or any other form of `` passive '' income you will have no useful skills for combat and will mostly stay in a station or a hauler . 
  that begs the question why you want to play the game and what you are hoping to get out of it in terms of entertainment . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not trying to tell you how to play this game but you are not the first person to ask those questions and plan on playing like this ... and i have n't heard from anyone actually staying and still playing the game . 
  38th in subscribers, 
  5th avg users online, 
  7th in comments per day, 
  half life 3 confirmed, 
  oh mr party pooper ... does reddit not work the way you want ? 
  that must be so disappointing . 
  i left that open for people to assume , do n't want to make it that easy, 
  and also ... 
  = creates this long line, 
  noticed that . 
  but we ca n't have `` riot plz '' posts all the time either , can we, 
  new order is the way to go for you , 
  i prefer sleep over playing eve ... only because i know i would lose my ship or assets by being too tired . 
   also if you say a ship type and also have a fit perfect for incursions ( preferably amarr type ) it would be awesome if you could link it . 
  just to add to the previous comment :, 
  t3 cruiser shield legion can be considered . 
  navy apocalypse is viable too, 
  why would n't they think you are a spy for someone else ? 
  haha thx :p, 
  i also find that low sec gas cloud mining can be rewarding but keeps you on your toes an dis n't boring at all ... even solo . 
  why no profits ? 
  one gas cloud is roughly 30-40 mill for 20-30 min mining . 
  i do n't think that 's too bad ... 
  in the beginning i was worried about that too but i have to admin ... a venture is really cheap and the most expensive modules would be gas cloud harvester ii and cloaking which brings the cost up to 15 mill ish . 
  but that 's not even needed if you want to keep the price low . 
  the venture is a mining ship so it does n't have expensive modules or cargo to pick up by someone without a ore hold due to its size . 
  the only reason to gank a venture would be for `` fun '' but since you have a warp strenght of 2 it 's very difficult to gank a venture up to the point that most people do n't even try anymore . 
  once you have your first gas site you paid for your ship already and everything else is just pure profit since you have no further costs . 
  the article itself is 6 days old which does n't mean it 's `` old '' but why are you bringing this up ? 
  til people are not allowed to have wishlists when employed by a company . 
  it does fit in the cargo hold but a gas site in low sec is 5000m ^ 3 . 
  a venture has a cargo of 50m ^ 3 but an ore hold of 5000m ^ 3 . 
  you could fit gas in your cargo but obviously it wo n't be near as much as you can fit in the ore hold .
