  come on . 
  false . 
  you will never get rid of it or eliminate the issue . 
  that does n't mean that we will find other ways but there is no `` solution '' to the afk problem . 
  riot does a lot with leaver punishment and the most recent afk during champion select `` detection '' ... but you wo n't `` solve '' the issue or eliminate it . 
  those things happen but in order to promote team work you ca n't treat each player individually . 
  everyone in the team should have the same result . 
  and it still causes the issue that people will be forced/harassed/threatened to leave the game so the rest of the team wo n't get punished . 
  this part really put me off :, 
   a permanent high speed internet connection and creation of a ubisoft account are required to play this game . 
  you must be at least 13 to create a ubisoft account without parental consent . 
  ubisoft may cancel access to online features upon a 30-day prior notice published at http://www.princeofpersia.com, 
  i completely agree and this is the reason why i lost all interest in them . 
  but i think eve and final fantasy have some nice approaches to the whole mmo genre . 
  the whole `` you have to be lvl 60 in order to play the game '' thing really annoys me . 
  i do n't really have the problem with the `` tab to target '' system . 
  but i do n't like levels and this stuff . 
  i think there are better ways to track progress and to make you stronger rather than just increasing your attributes . 
  are you sure you 're not one of those retards ? 
  sorry to hear that . 
  all the best . 
   know what will happen to them if they do and or say stuff in a game ? 
  afaik you have to agree to the summoner code when you create an account . 
  all you need to know and all that 's being concidered in the tribunal can be found in the summoner code . 
  let me guess ... you got punished even though you are `` innocent '' ? 
  but you still need levels in order to access certain stuff ( equipment , dungeons ) , right ? 
  why do you delete a post only to reply to comments ? 
  and why do you expect them to do a video about it ? 
  you can find plenty of information from riot about the tribunal and what changes they have seen over the months/years on the forum . 
  you wo n't find them here but a simple question might have given you the answer already . 
  i am not saying you need to get rid of levels completely but at least do n't tie them to your character , tie them to skills . 
  let me learn skills , abilities , classes ... whatever but do n't restrict me from playing `` just '' because i have n't hit a number . 
  the reason i like the eve concept is because i do n't have to have a certain amount of skills or a certain `` level '' to play the game . 
  i only need the skills for my task which is the reason why a 2 month old character is as dangerous as an 5 year old character . 
  and that 's what i am missing but all games follow the wow idea and just let you grind your levels until you 're maxed out . 
  your main post got removed so i assumed it was you . 
   when i first came to play the game o gave so many fucks about the summoners code.so many fucks about it ... so yeah . . summoners code . 
  why should they make a video about it just because you do n't want to read it ? 
  you have all the information available you need . 
  or do you expect ceos to make a video about their tou as well ? 
  i would recommend looking into t2 frigs or cruiser for l3 missions . 
  they have great resistances so you can use the low slots for tracking and damage . 
  i have done l3 with the restribiution so i know this can be done . 
  might not be the fastest but still fairly quick without any issues . 
  zealot is another ship that would make you really happy . 
  just the usual reddit hate train , nothing to worry about . 
  upvote for your ~ ~ birth ~ ~ day !, 
  edit : cake day ... sry ... i get it . 
  a friend of mine had the same issue . 
  he was down to 90 points all of the sudden and had to get back to 100 . 
  youb are sooo dedicated , that you have the eg symbol as a reminder of the clg eu team . 
  are you sure you just did n't get 10 + points and were back to 100 ? 
  glad to hear that . 
  good luck with your promotion . 
  i thought your title was about the player base ... 
  and why is it so bad not to ban anything at all ? 
  i miss meaningful posts in this subreddit . . 
  it was such a funny time, 
  blitzcrank also shows when it is available . 
  in fact it 's actually quite noticable to the enemy team . 
  he sends out a reminder every 2,5 seconds that not only cost your adc last hits but also has no real effect ingame other the rare fun kill . 
  what game mode are we talking about here ? 
  are we talking about blind pick ? 
  it 's about the passive , not the active . 
  the active is good , i agree . 
  downvotes  upvotes, 
  that will be all . 
  i would be careful with `` hit me up '' ... that might actually happen ... 
  i think it would be stupid to ignore 3/10 since they drop a type modules and can bring in about 150 mill ... 
  i still do n't understand why it is dragonslayer vayne even though it should be dragon slayer vayne, 
  - dragon trainer lulu, 
  - dragon slayer jarvan, 
  but, 
  - dragonslayer vayne, 
  it is supposed to be . 
  i recommend pressing s to avoid auto attacking . 
  then please explain why it 's dragon slayer jarvan ? 
  i am not talking about what 's wrong or correct but what riot is using . 
  and i feel they should stick to the same style with names . 
  edit : `` your '' language ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i did n't think of dsp since he mentioned `` getting into exploration '' and i do n't think he has the skills to actually use them anyway . 
  but i agree , in that case it would make sense . 
  the reason is :, 
   60 ^ 9 = 60x60x60x60x60x60x60x60x60 = 10077700000000000, 
  while, 
   6 x 10 ^ 9 = 6 x 10x10x10x10x10x10x10x10x10 = 6 x 1000000000 = 6000000000, 
  cricket jax , polo heckarim , tea drinking gragas ? 
  i 'm feeling britsh now, 
  i imagine cricket jax something like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfgr0m-9fmm ), 
  nice try , athene . 
  that was a joke . 
  but if you 're interested ... i am at work ( on break ... i swear ) and ca n't watch streams anyway ) . 
  good luck for your stream . 
  i thought some random , funny , athene related comment would help ... nvm then . 
  indeed :d, 
  you have to be out of combat for them to work . 
  i think the combat timer is 8 seconds . 
  that was creepy as hell ... 
  dota has a lot of advantages to lol .
