  and i do n't use torrent . 
  does anyone know how i can listen to the album again or where i can find it ? 
  or do i really need to use torrents now just because it 's not available anywhere ? 
  any help appreciated . 
  hey guys , for a couple of weeks now steam is not showing any recent games in the quick launch menu . 
  when i right click on the steam symbol , i am seeing this currently : http://imgur.com/s0abm1t, 
  usually , it showed `` recent games '' between `` pinned '' and `` tasks '' but for a few weeks now it does n't . 
  i am not using the steam beta but have tried if that solves the issue ( which it does n't ) . 
  it just stopped from one day to the next without me changing anything in the steam setting or windows setting . 
  every other software is still showing their usual things , only steam does n't . 
  does anybody know why this is and how to fix this ? 
  i do n't want to pin every game which i am playing for a few days only . 
  the `` recent games '' was a very convenient feature . 
  now i have to open my the recent games library in my regular games library ( like a peasant ) . 
  hope anyone can help me with this or knows what setting might affect this . 
  thanks already, 
  ** edit : ** i forgot to mention that since i do n't have any recent games in there , i ca n't pin them to the quick launch menu so i would have them there all the time : /, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i am not sure if it only happens to me but when using the left mouse button to assign runes in my rune page i have a delay and it can take ages to fill up my rune page . 
  i am sure most of you know this but using the right mouse button to assign runes to your rune page does it instantly without any delay . 
  just thought i 'm throwing it out there and maybe someone will save some crucial minutes with that , 
  hey everyone ,, 
  we all know this one guy who does n't just ping once , not twice but spams his pings and does n't seem to stop . 
  this can get really annoying especially when you 're in the middle of a fight . 
  the only option so far would be to reduce the ping volume but that means you might miss all the other pings from your team . 
  what do you guys think about a system , that gradually decreases the volume of pings when you `` spam '' them ? 
  meaning , if you ping `` caution '' 6 times in row , each subsequent ping get from that player gets a little bit quieter . 
  this can reset similar to the current system that stops you from pinging at all . 
  what do you guys think about that ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  for a few month now i am considering getting [ murdered : soul suspect ] ( http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/murdered-soul-suspect ) but the reviews are kinda weird . 
  on the one hand , it got mediocre/bad reviews from `` critics '' . 
  on the other hand , it got fairly good reviews from users . 
  how come there 's such a big discrepancy between those two ? 
  i know this can happen often but i think it 's usually the other way around . 
  but the gamers really seem to like it . 
  so what happened and what do you think about the game ? 
  did the critics just `` do n't get it '' or did they change something after release ? 
  do you know a good review that stays fairly neutral ? 
  thanks, 
  edit : thanks everybody for your input . 
  much appreciated , 
  i will get it during the halloween sale on steam . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i 'm looking for simple recipes that can be made in an office environment . 
  basically , all i have is a rice cooker and a kettle . 
  no oven/microwave , that sort of thing . 
  all the other `` simple '' guides are not really suitable for an office environment or are n't actually `` simple '', 
  can someone guide me in the right direction or maybe a better suited subreddit ? 
  i was hoping to find something that i can add to the rice that does n't need cooking , like a sauce , veg that would go with rice or something where boiling water would be sufficient , like a soup . 
  i 'm not the kind of person who would prepare stuff at home and that 's why i 'm looking for a better suited option , at least for me . 
  any help or ideas appreciated , 
  hey guys ,, 
  i recently started playing again ( not just paying ) and continued with my favourite activity ... exploration . 
  i have been out of the loop for almost a year or longer and i wanted to see if you can give me some advice . 
  i have n't used any of the `` new '' exploration ships , stratios and that other thing . 
  my question is , are they viable and if so , could you do combat sites with them as well ? 
  at the moment i 'm using my beloved buzzard and obviously i 'm avoiding anything combat related . 
  i 'm not really restricted by skills and was wondering what my best upgrade option from buzzard would be while keeping mostly the same bonuses ( hacking , scanning , cloak ) . 
  would it be stratios ? 
  or what would be used for exploration ? 
  i usually do low sec but use wh as well to get to null . 
  also , if i would get a bigger ship , what additional sites would i be able to do that i ca n't do with my buzzard ? 
  i tried to read through some information but they are either targeted at complete exploration beginners or do n't really cover the topic of `` upgrading '' your ship . 
  sorry if those are a lot of questions or it sounds pretty confusing . 
  hopefully someone can give me some advice . 
  if you need additional info let me know . 
  what annoys me the most is that picture quality , frame rate and loading times seems really bad . 
  maybe it 's just me . 
  anything better than that would be appreciated , 
  hey guys ,, 
  just wondering if someone knows how to reset the map position back to default ? 
  with that i do n't mean the window but the actual map . 
  after rotating it a bit , i have no clue anymore where `` up '' and `` down '' is . 
  if someone tells me it 's `` further north '' , i do n't actually know where it is . 
  does someone knows if that 's possible with the new map ? 
  hey everyone ,, 
  would anyone know if it 's possible to disable those annoying comments during missions ? 
  the ones where he tells you that you have only 3 turns left and that civilians are dying left , right and centre . 
  this infuriates me more than it should because i can see that . 
  having the game pause just to tell me that is so frustrating . 
  so if anyone knows a setting or mod how to disable that , i would appreciate it . 
  hey everyone ,, 
  i just got in the mood for a nice gem td and started sc2 again . 
  do n't have legacy of the void ... and nothing loads properly . 
  everything seems to be empty ? 
  do i have to buy the expansion just to play custom maps or should it work and is just a connection issue ? 
  edit : single player is working but even in multiplayer , it is saying : matchmaking queues are currently unavailable . 
  is it just me now , the lack of expansion or should i wait ? 
  hey everyone ,, 
  i 'm currently playing evoland 2 and from what i can see , there are tons of gaming references that are not just `` subtle '' but pretty obvious ... like [ here ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/260463172039045420/6b0c22459406fbe8ae3e8fc6263aa89d4768af3f/ ) . 
  various characters from different games , some pretty distinct . 
  that 's obviously a theme across the game but i thought one screenshot is enough to show what i mean . 
  i 'm only curious how they managed to do that because i ca n't imagine them getting the rights for any of that ( cost wise ) . 
  but maybe they do n't need them ? 
  i 'm no gaming layer but was hoping anyone could explain how this works . 
  did they get official permission to use it or was that not necessary and if so , why not ? 
  just to clarify , this post is not meant to make it sound like they did something illegal or wrong . 
  i 'm just genuinely curious how this works if you 're referencing other games/movies ect . 
  any information appreciated ,
