  if you play only champ on all lanes then you definitely need more . 
  you do n't have to play every lane perfect but let your team know what your weakest lane is so someone can fill that spot . 
  do n't tell them what lane you want , tell them what lane is your weakest ( support not included ) . 
  3 rune pages is perfectly fine . 
  there is never a `` perfect '' time for solo queue , especially when you play on euw . 
  just start playing and see how it goes . 
  when was the last time you have updated the drivers for your graphics card ? 
  maybe they need updating ? 
  other than that i suggest a new installation of lol to see if that resolves anything since it seems to be very game specific . 
  you do n't have to stop playing support but maybe change your supporting play style if you feel like you 're struggling . 
  what 's your summoner name ? 
  it does n't look too bad . 
  leona , thresh and annie are very strong picks . 
  i personally also prefer karma in cases where you want to have a poke/utility support . 
  maybe you should try getting the talisman as a first item , in some cases even before the sightstone . 
  it does n't give you combat stats but insane regen and 20 % cd + extra gold + active . 
  if you get a lot of damage in lane , do n't be too afraid to buy dorans shield as support since it also gives you great sustain . 
  if you get it early in lane it really helps you to snowball your adc and use your spells very often . 
  of course it depends on the game but try that for a change rather than going straight for the dmg items . 
  when you play support , you want to feed your adc and create opportunities to get your team ahead . 
  talisman is the perfect item for that . 
  another thing some top level support players are doing is to buy relic shield for leona for the early sustain + heal . 
  your end game item should always be talisman for the active but relic shield is a very strong early melee item . 
  i hope some of this helps . 
  you can carry the games on all positions . 
  all lanes have their carry potential and you need to use it . 
  sorry if this sounds really stupid but that 's what it actually is . 
  there is no such thing as a carry role . 
  18/2 garen can carry just like a 10/0 karma support . 
  it just depends on your communication and your understanding that a game is not just 10 min and includes the laning phase . 
  mid is the shortest lane so it prefers burst champs which are mostly ap . 
  it also makes it easier to get back to the tower if you have no escape . 
  top is usually a bruiser because he is on his own most of the time . 
  he needs to be able to survive 1v2 and is far away from dragon and therefore jungler . 
  the jungler itself is being used because you want mid and top to get more xp and not share their lanes . 
  mid especially needs xp since most ap champs rely on lvl more than other champs and bruiser needs xp to become tankier . 
  the only reason an adc has his own support is because they are pretty weak . 
  since you have a shared lane both are getting less xp that means the support neither does get a lot of gold and xp and therefore should be a utility champ that has great cc without items . 
  it 's not so bad in s4 now but that 's the idea behind it . 
  i know it must be very frustrating to do a full reinstall but maybe a few game files are corrupt or not updated properly . 
  a repair usually just checks if certain files are present , not if they are correct . 
  depends on the team . 
  if your team has no tank ... go tank . 
  if your team needs more dmg or you got most of the kills ... go dmg to snowball even harder . 
  also depends on your pick . 
  they are unconventional for a reason . 
  but gragas jungle seems to be thing at the moment too . 
  and snoopeh tried the jungle malzahar but failed horribly . 
  lead by example . 
  do n't flame or insult them . 
  do n't sound like a smartarse . 
  my experience was that if you had a solid game , people will follow your calls . 
  if you are 1/5 no one will listen to you and there is no point in even trying . 
  however , if you 're 5/0 and controlled your opponent and call dragon , your team usually wo n't argue . 
  first time you flame or rage or insult or criticize , you lost all respect and no one will listen to you ever again in this game . 
  only make positive comments and it should work out . 
  worked for me . 
  just buy the amulet for mana regen but focus on armguard first . 
  in order to see if you 're doing something wrong we would need to know what you 're doing in the first place , 
  usually , in high elo games and challenger teams leona player go for something like :, 
  * ad/ad penetration marks, 
  * armor yellow, 
  * mr seals, 
  mostly tanky masteries , ranging from 0/21/9 to 0/16/14, 
  starting with dorans or relic shield for early sustain and then see how it goes from there . 
  thing to keep in mind is if you managed to get close the the enemy you do n't have to use your zenith blade . 
  just stun them and then use your blade to snare them again . 
  most importantly if you attack the same target with a team mate try to delay your spells so all of your passives can proc . 
  that increased the damage drastically . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i know it was n't very detailed but it 's all so game depended that it 's hard to actually give a specific advise . 
  just remember to check your team and how they are doing and what stats are needed to carry them . 
  he has no escape and no mobility when it comes to ganking or closing out games . 
  you can roam or do wraith camp . 
  you could also buy and place wards a bit further away to help your jungler . 
  no one is stopping you from buying a ward for top or bot lane when they are struggling . 
  i suggest to learn the champions instead and how well they are scaling with what attribute . 
  once you know what stats your champion needs it 's easy to see what items you want to build . 
  other than that you can just read about them at http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/item . 
  just search for an item you want to know more about and it tells you why it is a good item and on what champions it is a good buy , f.e. 
  [ zephyr ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/zephyr ), 
  no problem . 
  hybrid champs got a massive boost with the new masteries that give penetration to both ad and ap . 
  she has a slow + game changing ultimate . 
  top lane depends on the match up . 
  just check out a few guides to get more inside knowledge . 
  laning : against mundo just try to shove his lane under his tower and start roaming . 
  you can try to kill him before lvl 6 but after that it 's too much effort . 
  rather roam and help your jungler/mid lane . 
  shyv is the opposite . 
  she will most likely shove you into your tower . 
  go tanky and wait for gank from jungler . 
  if the jungler does n't come just stay alive and farm . 
  laning phase will end eventually and that 's where you can still shine . 
  mid - late game . 
  just ignore them . 
  both have movement speed so you wont catch up with them or kill them . 
  focus the enemy ad or ap carry to make them focus you . 
  why would you start e ? 
  stay next to the minion wave to avoid the barrel and skill q ( or w ) .
