  anyway , your site is well written and i was really impressed . 
  thank you . 
   i personally find it a lot more interesting than clicking a button, 
  there is nothing more to the new system either . 
  all you do is clicking the nodes until you get your loot . 
  the worst is that you have to click in space on small objects . 
  i find it very hard to click on random objects without the overview and do n't see this being enjoyable . 
  you also always have the feeling you missed out on something because you ca n't catch them all . 
  therefore i do n't think it will be satisfying because you always think `` there could have been more '' . 
  and if you do bring a friend what is he supposed to do the whole time ? 
  just waiting for you to finish the game to finally do something . 
  for me , it only makes sense if you multibox . 
  you have 2 accounts but one person so no one get bored but you can grab all the loot . 
  and multiboxing brings in more profits for ccp so i ( personally ) see this as a marketing development and not for actual gameplay . 
  this is such a shitty change and i hope this does n't go live . 
  looking at the hacking mini game i also stick to `` stroke '' : /, 
  nothing really ... 
  it 's not happening before odeyssey launches . 
  it makes exploration more accessable to players and creates a better foundation . 
  the changes are big enough to create an expansion but i understand people complaining . 
  having said that , i still would n't go so far to say `` little is being changed '' since quite a few big things are getting changed , not only numbers . 
  what season you think you will reach your goal ? 
  lol nice try mr. 
  scammer !, 
  10 seconds . 
  vayne caught me slippin, 
  it takes time to collect them . 
  while your ship is sucking in one box you can start clicking on your other account . 
  you can also do them easily with an assault frig . 
  bc for a lvl 2 mission is a little bit over the top and might take you longer due to the long lock time and shitty tracking against frigs . 
  yes , all t1 have them . 
  the t2 versions do n't have the drone bay . 
  nothing has changed regarding this . 
  the unknown . 
  there are some videos out there about imicus exploration : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbjrtwliobg, 
  tell that them !, 
  that 's correct , my bad ... how could i miss that one :d, 
  you can do 4/10 in an assault frig too ... not terribly fast but in a reasonable speed . 
  heave assault cruiser should do the trick . 
  when i started playing eve i started playing minmatar . 
  after a while i realised that the only thing missing from a `` space game '' are lasers . 
  so i cross trained to amarr and never looked back . 
  edit : i have my own slaves now , too !, 
  playing minmatar is such a weird fetish . 
  my main does missions , incursions , exploration , mining , pi and station trading . 
  i am shit at all of these but at least i am never bored . 
  i would recommend to create specialized alts but you main char should focus on fun and whatever you want to do . 
  i think he is trying a little bit too hard . 
  nice feature nonetheless . 
  do different stuff . 
  if you get bored of something , start doing something else . 
  this was posted yesterday :, 
  i also have 7 days to go ... i am confident ccp will have fixed the issue by then . 
  yeah everybody , let 's all ping the server to see what happens !, 
  technically , the expansion has nothing to do with a network infrastructure . 
  i do n't think they will delay the expension . 
   from the players ' perspective , the downtime may have affected people 's ability to get ready for the skill changes ( e.g. 
  command ships ), 
  if that would have happened 7 days ago i would have agreed . 
  all of the recommended skills needed take longer than 24 hours :, 
  * racial frigates iv, 
  * racial cruisers iii, 
  * destroyers v, 
  * battlecruisers v, 
  therefore , i doubt anyone got in trouble now . 
  either the skills are already ready or are in the queue and still running . 
  edit : formatting, 
  you might be able to get it by getting better implants , remap your attributes or spending unassigned skill points . 
  can someone confirm this ? 
  or did you just not meet all the requirements for the new ship changes ? 
  awesome . 
  ca n't wait to get home now :d, 
  press `` c '' to disable tracking camera . 
  it 's the latter . 
  the advantage is , that you can keep using your characters with 1 subscription . 
  if you get a cheaper second subscribtion you would need to keep the account active or transfer your character . 
  so ... when will ccp jonnypew greet us ingame ? 
  please do that , 
  i am pretty sure you know you have a lot of fans in every corner of the eve community and i hope you will get contacted by ccp . 
  all the best . 
  i do n't think that the nude pics are the biggest issues . 
  it 's more about the comments she made and the `` insight '' she has into the game . 
  never forget : there are no girls on the internet . 
  you can start using the `` power of 2 '' offer . 
  that will give you 6 month game time for a new account for 3 plex ( 1.5 billion ) . 
  train the skills for that char for something specific like logistics , transport or t3 cruiser and sell it after 6 month on the bazaar . 
  what ? 
  i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  i think you assume that the nude pics are n't real . 
  thing is , we are not in a position to judge that , we wo n't know . 
  also , if you look through the posts about her you will find a lot of critism about her as a person , not related to those images . 
  i am pretty sure you `` analyzed '' those images long and hard and came ... to the conclusion that they are not real ... but this has nothing to do with this topic . 
  those images were n't created on reddit or the eve forums so anyone could still find them ... this has nothing to do with `` the community '' . 
  we have those posts in this subreddit already , can we please stop that ? 
  only read the last sentence and still do n't feel like i missed something :p, 
  where does it state that there a no girls `` aloud '' ? 
  you obviously did n't read the posts and just looked at the pictures . 
  just got over yourself and move on . 
  venture should be ok to go for . 
  i am using mine for gas clouds , ca n't say much about mining laser : / just use the ones that provide the shortest circle/highest yield .
