  it 's also worth pointing out that a reason to report is '' ** intentional ** feeding '' , not `` having a bad game '' or `` dying very often '' . 
  depends on what you call work . 
  you might not want to work for mcdonalds or any other shitty job but most people would still `` do '' things other than just watching movies or playing games . 
  what would the issue be ? 
  what work is there that needs to be done ? 
  so much work is automated . 
  on top of that many jobs would redundant once such a system is in place . 
  also , do n't forget that you do n't have all the riches in the world . 
  you get a * basic * income that pays for food , roof over your head and a few small things . 
  it does n't pay for your drinking habits , holidays or luxuries . 
  of course it might vary from region to region but if you want more than just the basics you will have to find some way to earn money . 
  question for you : would you stop working when someone is paying your rent and food ? 
  and only that ? 
  nowadays it 's not about `` wanting '' a job anymore . 
  a lot of people want to work but ca n't find anything . 
  they are able to work but ca n't find anything because most mindless jobs are automated . 
  and for everything else you need qualifications or degrees . 
  and who is paying for them ? 
  if you ca n't get a job you do n't have money to get further qualifications . 
  we are not in the 50 's anymore . 
  jobs are getting less and less since most stuff gets automated or simplified so one person can do something that would have required 100 people 20 years ago . 
  you are wrong on so many levels . 
  it was tried in different region over the world and always was a `` success '' in the sense that the region flourished and crime rates want down and overall health went up . 
  of course these are isolated examples but still far from `` rental increase '' . 
  also , if you comment on this topic why not just educate yourself about the topic first before bragging something you obviously have no clue about ? 
  no one get 's anything `` extra '' on top of what they have now . 
  they do n't just print more money to resolve issues . 
  this is a massive topic and change in economy and something that wo n't disappear ever again because humanity will have a massive crisis if we continue to live by the standards of the industrial age . 
  it 's more than that . 
  since there a lot of unqualified or doubting comments in this thread i want to post some [ basics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income ) . 
  also , you are browsing reddit at the moment so i assume you 're not in a rush or super busy . 
  please take the time to read or watch information about this idea . 
  please note that basic income is not a crazy idea or wild experiment . 
  there are many groups all over the world who try to push for this idea in one form or another and a lot of people trying to raise awareness about future problems if we do n't change our current outdated economical model . 
  basic income is not only for people without work but also for people with work , retirement and child benefit . 
  one major point for basic income is that the whole social security system gets simplified by paying every citizen a basic income . 
  no matter what age , no matter the conditions . 
  this system saves much more money that we actually use at the moment to keep the social security up and running . 
  please see the wikipedia article for further details about studies and support groups . 
  this is a topic that 's going on for a while now and you will most likely hear again . 
  more information can also be found at http://www.socialjustice.ie/content/cast-your-vote-now-support-european-citizens%e2%80%99-initiative-unconditional-basic-income, 
  edit : the oldest study about basic income in ireland including some math i could find was from 2001 at http://www.cori.ie/justice/basic_income/128-exec_summary_gov_funded_studies_basic_income . 
  this is just to show that this topic is fairly old already . 
  please note that this was n't `` just '' in 2001 but also in a time with completely different economic factors . 
  the math might not be correct anymore but the ideas are mostly the same . 
  you are always talking about work but i am not sure we 're talking about the same thing here . 
  what is your definition of `` work '' ? 
  what exactly has a person to do in order to qualify as `` work '' ? 
  what you seem to be talking about is physical labor . 
  you go to your company and do a specific task that you got hired and paid for . 
  but what about teachers , nurses or mothers ? 
  when you consider teaching at a public school a job that is getting payed by the government , what is a mother doing ? 
  is n't she also teaching her kid ? 
  however , that does n't count as a job . 
  same if you 're staying at home to take case of a sick/elderly person . 
  you do n't get paid for that unless this person goes to a specific company and you work for this particular company . 
  you see , a lot of times people are called unemployed but they are actually doing the same thing as others . 
  only difference is that they are n't getting paid for that and therefore do n't `` work '' . 
  but would you actually say a mother does n't `` work '' ? 
  i think you really need to think of what you expect of people and what you consider `` work '' before complaining about people not actually working . 
  i appreciate your questions but it 's all not that easy . 
  basic income is an economic model that needs to be reviewed in detail as soon as it gets to the `` next level '' ( which is what the posted form is about ) . 
  the basic income only covers * basics * as the name suggests . 
  it does n't pay for luxuries or anything beyond the very basic needs . 
  it also does n't cover any medical bills or extra treatments . 
  this has nothing to do with basic income and would have to be reviewed independently . 
  the thing most of the people do n't consider is that the system you have in place right now is almost , if not already more , expensive than just giving out a basic income . 
  a social security system pays for buildings , staff , education and all sorts of things and on top of it is very slow since you have the bureaucracy as well . 
  the amount depends of course on the country/region but it 's safe to say that you safe more money by remodeling this whole system . 
  no extra money would be required other than what we are already paying . 
  * 3 as you can imagine this is a very interesting question and really depends on the region/country that goes for a basic income and what other countries go for the same system . 
  however , the basic idea is to have a separate tax for this . 
  i understand that this is not a very satisfying answer but the basic income has been tested in separated regions only so far and needs to be evaluated on a bigger scale . 
  again , this is what the petition is about so politicians can start sorting out this questions . 
  it 's not basic dole . 
  simple as that . 
  therefore it does n't have to do with any rates anywhere in europe . 
  it 's remodeling of the whole economic structure and the definition of `` work '' . 
  people have the `` option '' to do that already . 
  they have to be a bit clever about it but it 's not impossible to get by without a job today . 
  people who want to be lazy will always be lazy . 
  there are studies about this actually , unfortunately , i do n't have them at hand already . 
  people where asked 2 questions :, 
  would you continue to work when receiving basic income ? 
  do you think others would continue to work when they are receiving basic income ? 
  you might assume the answer already . 
  most people said that they would continue to do some form of work but do n't believe that others would do it . 
  people just do n't trust each other , that 's about it . 
  but what exactly would the issue be for people not to work ? 
  assuming they are getting money to pay for a flat and the groceries and maybe enough to go to the cinema or pub once a month . 
  where does that money go to ? 
  the landlord , the shopping center and the cinema . 
  and guess what the shopping center and cinema are doing . 
  they are paying there staff and continue to offer products . 
  you see , just because people are getting money does n't mean no one has to work . 
  it just means people can reject shitty jobs and employers have to offer proper work environments . 
  in the end , the winner is the consumer . 
  everyone . 
  as i said , it 's more than this . 
  basic income does n't just cover the money you receive but also the tax and income system as a whole .
