  if you want to go ap , go ap . 
  if you want to go utility , go utility . 
  when you see the enemy team has ap sup you might want to rush aegis of the legion and locket to provide extra mr for your adc and your team . 
  lol esports is becoming serious , that 's what happens . 
  do you really expect people to read full articles and not just the headlines ? 
  here on reddit ? 
  i personally never do that but am happy about people like you who explain why the headline is wrong or sensationalized ( as always ) and what is really going on . 
  i think final fantasy made the right step away from turn based to action with ff xii and after . 
  however , i feel like what they improved on the combat system they lost on the score and story ( which is what i mostly remember after a playthrough ) . 
  square never really improved their combat system until ff x which added the portraits so you actually know who 's turn it will be and how your abilities will affect initiative . 
  before that it was just a bar that filled up with ff xiii the worst offender of that combat system . 
  i personally do n't like the latest instalments but i do prefer their fluid combat system over the older titles . 
  i feel turn based should serve a purpose and not just being added `` because '' . 
  for an action rpg turn based just does n't fit unless you have a lot to micro manage . 
  it does n't look like a lot of people actually coming up with ** recent ** games but more like childhood memories . 
  the last game i played i genuinely thought was wonderful was `` to the moon '' . 
  the music , gameplay and story were something i have n't experienced for a while in any other game . 
  only certain square enix games made me feel like this before in the past . 
  it is and i understand if not everyone likes it . 
  imagine you play final fantasy without combat . 
  you really only play it for the story . 
  however , this what makes it so good because you never get distracted and can fully dive in and feel for the characters . 
  it has a very nice pace and the story is displayed wonderfully . 
  i thought i mentioned the game since it was the last one that actually made me care about the characters and left me with a very strange but warm feeling once the game was over . 
  glad i could suggest you something  feel free to let me know what you think about the game once you have played it . 
  how big is the combat part of the game ? 
  i really like the building part but the combat seems a bit forced into and i am not too keen on that . 
  does someone have some experience with this game ? 
  you have a [ name finder ] ( http://eve.com/monument/name-finder/ ), 
  edit : search for `` vaan sinn '' and you will see what it looks like, 
  yeah , i figured it would be a pointless link if you do n't know what you 're looking for . 
  turn caps off , do n't try to win lane , win game instead ... 
  to your questions :, 
  the main thing for you to do is peeling . 
  at all stages in the game . 
  depending on your team comp your `` tasks '' might vary . 
  you have different options for different lanes . 
  if you fight against a heavy poke lane ( karma , cait f.e. ), 
  you might want to start with ruby crystal . 
  coin and doran shields are also ok even though i personally do n't like doran 's shield because it 's a dead investment . 
  if you 're in a losing lane i suggest you try to position yourself for hooks but do n't actually hook . 
  as long as you could potentially hook them , they will stay back or play passively . 
  even if you hook someone , do n't go in unless you 're 100 % certain you can kill him . 
  wait for the enemy support to go warding or until they are close to the tower before you make a move . 
  the important thing to know is that you can still walk while you hook someone . 
  that means that you could hook someone , walk towards them and flay them even closer . 
  this is useful when the enemy is very close to tower range . 
  overall however , play passively but keep your cooldowns up . 
  ask the junlger for help and keep vision up around your tower . 
  the basic rule is always stick with your adc . 
  if you do roam however , do it only when you have boots of mobility and a clear goal . 
  do n't `` just '' roam but do it when you can potentially help mid or get drag or enemy buff . 
  otherwise , keep pushing bot and create pressure on bot lane . 
  that will help your other lanes already and ( usually in lower elo games ) destroys enemy moral already . 
  i also got a restriction for 20 games . 
  and while i understand the idea of it , how exactly does riot think we can keep up the level of play we had before ? 
  i play mostly jungle and sup and timers are crucial . 
  at the very least , let me see my own text so i can keep track of it while still be not visible to the rest of the team . 
  but this restriction makes it really hard to stay on top of the game . 
  you start with 3 out of 5 `` charges '' . 
  after the 4th minute you get a `` charge '' every minute . 
  for each charge you can write one text . 
  and now imagine you want to keep track of buff and summoner timers ... 
  my notepad does n't have timestamps neither is it visible for team mates . 
  i do n't see how this is a workaround ... 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say ? 
  i mean , 125 sounds a lot when you 're in a team but for soloq lanes , how is that supposed to work ? 
  bot lane alone has 4 summoners , not even including a normal sentence you want to get out . 
  and as far as i know , people did n't even track timers when they did n't have a chat restriction . 
  so how am i supposed to do that now ? 
  it 's not even like the restriction is lifted after a week or so . 
  i have to potentially lose 20 ranked games now before i can start playing properly again ... 
  yes , it 's only the chat . 
  ok , to clarify . 
  i do have a contingent of text i can write so i can provide timers for the time . 
  however , not many . 
  sometimes you just write `` adc flash '' in chat and you can estimate a time frame or check back later when you wrote that to see how long it will be down . 
  that wo n't work with a notepad unless you also note the timer which brings me back to my original point that this makes the game even harder because not only do i have to tab out of the game but also have to write more . 
  i understand that the `` innocent '' people in this threat are having fun bashing everyone and enjoying our `` qq '' , but the fact is that the chat is not only for communication but a ingame tool . 
  as i stated , this is a very poor workaround . 
  and i do n't see how this will help me to `` resolve my communication problem '' . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  not everyone keeps track of timers . 
  if i ca n't do it , almost no one else will . 
  it 's not like they check my lane and keep track of my timers because of that . 
  we 're not talking about 5v5 challenger teams , we 're talking about plat solo q. 
  people do n't track timers , at least not in the games i am in . 
  this is the most useless response i have seen in the whole threat . 
  good on you , mr white knight . 
  ok , you are right , i am wrong . 
  no point in wasting time . 
  yes , you are correct , as always . 
  i am a main sup in plat v and i can tell you the rage is real . 
  sometimes you think you 're back in bronze . 
  and then you realise elo hell is real and it 's everywhere ... 
  try to take a break for a few days , it always helps me . 
  ~ ~ either bug or wrong item description . 
  do you have a screenshot proving it ? ~ ~, 
  edit : actually , i was wrong . 
  [ here ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/unique ) is all you need to know .
