  i think the only thing missing is a smile ... and i mean that in a non homo way . 
  you look like you 're trying to rob someone . 
  and why not using a full body shot were the trousers are visible as well ? 
  i mean ... it looks like you 're wearing jogging pants, 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i was trying to say . 
  you know me so well . 
  question : how do you know i am not a `` black guy '' myself ? 
  who the hell are you telling me what i need or not need to do ? 
  you do know that quotation marks are used to quote people , right ? 
  now stop being a smartarse . 
  you are obviously not from the uk then , 
  well ... now you have to live with the downvotes . 
  i 'm not even sure the scotts are using the terms ... do n't know about the welsh since i do n't understand them . 
  btw ... you have to got to wales and ask for directions ... you will love it . 
  who is `` we '' then ? 
  this is a great idea . 
  i have participated in this sort of thing before at http://www.worldofleveldesign.net/forums/forumdisplay.php?31-level-design-and-game-environment-challenges, 
  but this would definitely be something that would make this subreddit much more interesting , 
  we might want to create a new subreddit like `` udk challenge '' to keep it seperated from a general help reddit . 
  just create a few submission rules and pick a theme ... a time limit and off you go . 
  if you want to do some solo mining , i recommend to do some wormhole mining . 
  you will need some skills and a couple of million isks in order to get the skill book and equipment . 
  but you can make a lot more isk/hour than just farming blocks . 
  and it 's a bit more thrilling , 
  but you should practice a few things in the beginning , not just skill books . 
  you will need the basics for exploration covered before even considering wormhole mining . 
  but i find this kind of mining more rewarding than just sitting in high sec all day . 
  in 0.5 it takes ages for concord to actually arrive . 
  never do this . 
  in 1.0 it 's unlikely they will fire a second shot so a buffer tank for 2 hits should mostly do but in 0.5 ? 
  they can setup a barbecue with your remains before concord shows up and destroys them . 
  it clearly states that a guristas plunderer was assisting you . 
  thanks ... i should have known that eve is n't the perfect place for sarkasm . 
  i would love to read more . 
  i also do my random wh ninja mining actions anyway . 
  if i see come across the wh i 'll drop a can . 
  this article is terrible, 
  ( now that this is out of the way ... ), 
  first of all ... i do n't understand the math :, 
  `` so , if you can spend 8-12 hours per day , earning 25m isk per hour in a generally afk activity in highsec , versus spending 3-4 hours per day , earning 60m isk per hour in nullsec , what do you choose ? 
  low effort for 250m isk per day , or greater effort for 210m isk per day ? '', 
  different times , different regions and where do the prices come from ? 
  this is just stupid math to prove a stupid point . 
  one could also argue that you will get the same reward for less time so you have more time to actually get involved in your corp/alliance and be part of the whole security you are talking about . 
  but the main reason this article is awful is because of the expectations of the writer . 
  just because you have twice the amount of effort does n't mean you will get twice the reward . 
  a good example are the modules in eve itself . 
  you do n't spend twice the amount of isk for a module that 's twice as good . 
  you will end up spending 2-200 times the amount of isk to achive only a small advantage . 
  but that advantage is worth it ... or so it seems . 
  checked wh 's for a few hours yesterday but did n't manage to find anything that even starts with j17 ... they were all j15 : /, 
  also ... i thought you were in c4 + ... not c3 ... should learn to read a bit better , 
  keep up the good story ... even thought it looks like it might end soon :(, 
  where is the kill mail ? 
  come on ... do n't talk about kills and do n't deliver kill mails ... do n't do this to us !!!, 
  the only thing i would try to change is to get rid of small processor overclocking unit i. 
  what level is your `` weapon upgrades '' ? 
  i am pretty sure you would be able to get this fit without `` small processor overclocking unit i '' but i might be wrong . 
  ca n't check at the moment . 
  you might be able to exchange this rig for some damage or speed if it 's not needed for cpu anymore . 
  edit : as serious_table pointed out , i do n't think you need tracking enhancer ii , which saves up 15 cpu again without upgrades while another magnetic field stabilizer ii costs even more ... which means you might still be using small processor overclocking unit i , but at least you have already more damage . 
  if you do n't have it already , i recommend eft which you can use to check fitting before actually buying the stuff :, 
  it 's ok in the beginning but as soon as you 're start buying modules that are worth millions of isk you want to make sure everthing fits . 
  kill mail or it did n't happen ... 
  haha , 
  good story anyway , love wormholes ... always a bit creepy, 
  yeah , thank you :d, 
  check what anomalie is present in the wh ( if at all ) . 
  it might mess up your systems and you can adjust fitting or ships accordingly . 
  i found this video quite helpful :, 
  you might want to check out all 6 videos to get the basics covered for wh exploration . 
  since you have a lot of questions that are not quickly answered with a `` yes '' or `` no '' i recommend reading :, 
  this covers quite a lot if not all of the basics . 
  i think you 're seing it from the wrong point of view . 
  you do n't mine in 0sec to make a huge profit but instead to provide the ressources for your corp that is in that region . 
  imagine you would mine in high sec because it 's safer , you would need to bring everything to your region which involved additional costs and logistic , and you would need an alt account or a jump clone ( with a cooldown ) ... so mining in 0sec is n't so much about the profit but about logistic . 
  i think this article explains the issue quite well :, 
  what is your favourite subreddit ? 
  really ? 
  this question is so easily answered ... gonewild, 
  that does n't apply to software . 
  software is excluded in this regulation and that 's where there were no official diablo 3 refunds possible . 
  edit : i only found the one for ireland but it is the exact same for every country in the eu : http://www.webmentor.ie/how-to-guides/legals/16-distance-selling-regulations-in-ireland-what-you-should-know, 
   there are certain `` allowable '' exceptions to the consumer 's statutory right to cancel . 
  these are :, 
   media that can be copied ( eg cd , dvd ) can not be cancelled if the manufacturer 's seals are broken, 
  if you buy software online you can copy it and therefore you 're not eligible for a refund request . 
  what country does that not apply to ? 
  that 's not true , other wise the statement regarding the `` seal '' would be invalid . 
  you wo n't get a refund on software after the seal is broken by claiming you ca n't use the software anyway . 
  this is less about the technical possibilities but more about what `` rights '' you have . 
  correct . 
  and server issues are never a reason for a refund since it 's covered in the tou . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  what part of the software is broken ? 
  if you 're referring to a server problem you will find those parts covered in the tou . 
  server issues are never a reason for a refund unless you have a complete ( 24/7 ) outage for several weeks . 
  does n't live up to it 's promises ? 
  you really need to check tou before making those statements . 
  i did n't say there were no refunds .
