the only one i can remember is saying portuguese women are hairy . 
  apart from that one , there are many more about the frenchies than about portuguese . 
  and , of course , loads of self-insulting jokes, 
  together with gordillo we stand \\ o /, 
  well , there 's a funny video of a dutch guy ( politician from the eu , do n't remember his name ) , saying spaniards should have their salaries reduced , their taxes increased , etc. 
  in order to end the economic crisis . 
  the funny thing is , afterwards , he says that ( more or less literal quote ) `` he says that in spain , to the spanish , but he would never say that in the netherlands '' . 
  it 's easy to ask spain for social cuts if you 're comfortably living in bruxellesi guess, 
   common rules we could argue about the use of `` common '' there , those rules just enforce some people and harm others imo, 
  apparently i 'm independentist and i did n't even knew it !!, 
  even worse , although it depends of which branch of spanish police you are talking about, 
  spanish law ( also known as plan for improvement of agrarian employment or something like that ) which , instead of taking away the land from those who owned it since civil war ( and before ) , created subsidies for workers , thus creating another stupid problem instead of solving the actual one . 
  if you want to search in google , its name was `` plan de fomento del empleo agrario '' or `` plan de empleo rural '', 
   parts of rural spain well , most parts actually in the south ( thanks lra ), 
  and paceville :d oh , and if you 're sending a postcard from malta , blue lagoon was fucking impressive . 
  indeed , it gets to a point where it looks like mount of destiny , higher and higher and more criptic . 
  the inside is , however , gorgeous, 
  you also have to consider weather to talk about spanish productivity ; in the south we get around 45\u00ba for several hours a day in the summer so working time has to adapt to a horrible external situation : we work until 3 , eat , work more in some cases , go back home , and we socialise in the afternoon ( after 10pm ) . 
  it is impossible to survive otherwise , that 's why ( imo ) both timezone but also our internal clock are changed, 
  for me it is more red than brown . 
  i 'd say something like a dark purple-crimson, 
  i really wish i could have been in hill16 watching that match , 8 goals in total ... pretty impressive for sure , nice job clare and sadly cork lose ( but they deserved that after beating dublin !, 
  i do n't think that guy who married two fins has a [ giant statue ] ( http://blog.mirayvuela.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/estatua-aeropuerto-castellon-vuelos-baratos.jpg ) ... 
  i 'm not saying treaties have to be respected , i 'm just saying it 's senseless for the uk to say the have `` minor violations '' of the treaty of utrecht , and only use the clause that gives gibraltar 's control to them ( the other clauses apparently do n't matter ), 
  britons prefer supporting fascists abroad , like in chile . 
   britain 's violations of the treaty of utrecht are minor and technical i would n't call invading spanish territories a minor and technical issue , not taking into consideration all the illegal activities that take place there and that undermine spanish economy . 
  also ,  the treaty under which it was ceded is still unquestionably in force . 
   the people of gibraltar , have the right to decide their own destiny that `` unquestionable treaty '' forbids gibraltar 's independence . 
  but is n't russian the `` english '' for most of cis countries ? 
  i 'd say learning english in school could be a great oportunity as well if you are going to learn russian in the streets , as the article says it is commonly used in several regions . 
   i feel that the issue with gibraltar is quite understandable given that it was explicitly historically spanish ( or at least a major direct predecessor with castille ) and is right there on the spanish mainland chipped away . 
  add to that the only reason we have it is that we annexed it militarily , the issue becomes even more contentious . 
  it would seem like the simple solution would be to give it back to spain , but of course the fact a settled population exists there complicates matters . 
  with all that being said , i think spain are using the gibraltar issue for political posturing more than anything else at the moment , as it 's useful to distract people from other events going on ( primarily catalonian independence movement ) . 
  as a spanish , and from the south ( andalucia region , which is the one that surrounds gibraltar ) - i do n't give a fuck about what the status of gibraltar is , i just want them to stop doing illegal activities such as boat cleaning and destroying tho fishing areas thus creating problems for spanish fishers ; to stop helping black market of cigarettes * and stop invading spanish territorial waters/land , which they have been doing for quite a lot of time . 
  ( * ) if you take all the packets of cigarettes that arrive to gibraltar , you 'll find out that every person in gibraltar would smoke 3 packets a day ( including children ) if there were n't `` other activities '' . 
  so no , it 's not a territorial claim , it 's just they profit from gb 's help to keep puking spain , just like a child that knows you ca n't hit him because his father would come to you, 
  also known as asturian . 
  for reference : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asturian_language, 
  if you include catalan , you should also include basque , galician , bable , welsh , and every single language of europe . 
  it is weird right now with so many languages ( ad i 'd support english as the only language ) but having spanish makes sure all spain will be able to understand whatever they say, 
  if not having your language there is the reason you want to secede from spain , it is quite ridiculous, 
  i 'm not nationalist of any kind , but as an andalusian ( from seville ) , being classified as `` castilian '' kind of makes me laugh . 
  i share with actual castilians ( valladolid , burgos , soria , madrid , salamanca , etc. ), 
  the same i share with galicia or catalonia . 
  also , i guess you forgot to add galicia , and parts of murcia . 
  plus , asturies is n't really castille as well, 
  it will depend on the result of the next general elections . 
  another pp government wo n't accept a referendum , whereas a psoe+p odemos/ciudadanos might go for a referendum or a change to the constitution . 
   so a majority of the parliament is pro-independence , and so are a majority of the voters . 
  no , 48 % of the voters are pro-independence , you ca n't assume that you know the internal opinions of the voters of csqep . 
   madrid will invariably decline , and in that case they will join the side of unilateral independence . 
  or not ? 
   or in a slight chance that madrid agrees , a referendum is scheduled which i think they would have no problem winning . 
  dude , you are awesome , you can decide what thousands of people will do , and can even guess the result of a hypothetical referendum !, 
  i do n't understand how you have the will to keep discussing with people that clearly wo n't change their closed minds . 
  good luck tho !, 
  well , at least they dind ' t use comic sans !, 
  extremadura , galicia , la mancha , murcia - all of them were ( and still are ) really under developped when compared to both madrid and catalonia . 
  so i think we need to put every region at the starting point before upgrading . 
  in case of referendum , * 31 % would vote yes * 30 % would vote no * the rest would n't vote . 
  to me , that is not only a majority of people pro independence rather than against it , but also a huge counter example to what you said about immigrants voting against an skewing the polls . 
  then add quality to the comparison , of course you are not going to pay the same for studying in the univesity of seville than for studying at ub or ucm . 
  also , regions with higher wealth tend to have higher prices in everything . 
  and with respect to taxes , both catalonia and andalucia have the highest taxes in spain , but because of the regional irpf tax , which is dependent on regional government . 
  well , if they are claiming that they are undergoing a really democratic process , it just feels sketchy to see them wave the independent flag after having minority of votes in an election . 
  ignoring the opinion of more than half the population is , surprisingly i guess , just not my definition of democracy . 
  http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/mas-por-ciento-inmigrantes-quiere-independencia-catalunya-segun-estudio-2861154 a small margin ( 1 % ) of victory for the ones that support independence , but mainly , 10 % higher number of people that feel catalan over the ones that feel spanish . 
  gaiteros are not important ? 
  [ then what are they doing in a representation of the princes of asturias ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzyl3_p3wjy ) ? 
  and aizkolaris , for example , are not as known just because basque country is smaller , but without going too far , san fermin gets a lot of international recognition . 
  and with respect to castellers , everyone saw them at the awesome opening of barcelona 92 . 
  also , what do you mean by `` castilian culture '' exactly ? 
  i assume you add the andalusian because of flamenco , and still , that holds true just because it is what tourists demand . 
   you 're falling in the same argument you 're critizing by generalizing about the spaniards that 's what i hate the most about the whole independence thing - catalans complain about not being spain and having a different culture that is not being recognized , but at the same time they consider the rest of spain to be a mash-up of castillian culture and do n't acknowledge that there is far more in spain than castilla and catalonia . 
   the central government is trying to make more and more difficult to teach catalan in schools i think it 's pretty clear that what they wanted was to allow parents to give a full-spanish education to their children . 
  and for god 's sake , everyone knows there 's no way the central government will do any fucking thing to your language and culture . 
  that 's just playing the victim card even though for the last 40 years there has been nothing done against catalan culture . 
  just see how the central government opresses you and prevents you from celebrating things , they really did a lot of things to prevent yesterday 's demonstration , right ? 
  madrid was kinda-underdevelopped , though : you can see in the map that despite being bigger , madrid 's infrastructures were smaller than the ones at barcelona . 
  you can not expect to match everything built in spain with things built as well in catalonia , because catalonia is already light years ahead of other regions , and we should drive towards less inequality . 
  i 'm spanish , and i do n't know either !, 
  ask them and many will say they agree . 
  honestly , not only are you assuming they are not catalan but also you are assuming they would vote against independence , but several polls and interviews show immigrants are actually even more eager to get independence . 
  catalonia can negotiate an exit because they stand to win a lot from it . 
  of course from the other side you are not going to facilitate the destruction of your own country . 
   it 's not our fault the rest of spain did n't want to industrialize really ? 
  that 's like saying `` it 's not our fault congo did n't conquer belgium first '' - it nullifies the historical context . 
  a context in which , for example , you seem to forget a lot of areas in the south were forced to become agricultural areas to keep up the supply of food to the rest of the country , while the `` se\u00f1oritos '' owned all the land and workers had essentially no rights . 
  catalonia comes from a background in which its geographical position ( mediterranean port , close to the french border , etc. ), 
  made it ideal to invest , and that 's why spain started protecting and investing in catalonia 's industry instead of diversifying . 
  franco was different though , and arguably the only good thing he did was to start creating industrial areas in parts of spain where there was nothing formerly ( i.e. 
  the chemical pole of huelva ) . 
  but if you want to play the seny card and claim catalans are outright better than the rest of spanish because they chose to industrialize while we acted lazy , then go ahead . 
  it 's not that big of a deficit , plus it 's questionable the way it is calculated ( [ this article from a guy at temple uni explains it ] ( https://math.temple.edu/~gimenez/nad/las%20trampas%20de%20la%20balanza%20fiscal%20de%20catalu%c3%b1a.pdf ) - different ways of interpreting the data lead to even a surplus in catalonia 's accounts with respect to spain ) . 
  [ according to finance 's ministery ] ( http://img02.lavanguardia.com/2014/07/23/imagen-del-cuadro-del-informe-_54412147679_53389389549_600_396.jpg ) , in 2014 , the deficit was around -4.35 % , lower than madrid 's -8.87 % or balearic islands ' -5.71 %, 
  i do n't think catalonia complained when protectionist laws forced both spain and its colonies ( including cuba , which in turn started supporting their independence because of being forced to import spanish products ) to buy their products at a way higher price than the international markets , thus funding and empowering the regional industry . 
  so yeah , maybe the rest of spain deserves to see some benefits from their help during centuries , right ? 
  but spain in social terms is just overall really left-leaning . 
  i mean , not even the popular party , which is supposed to be right wing and conservative , has passed strong laws against gay marriage or abortion , despite they `` fought '' against it previously , because they understand spanish society is not going to move backwards .
