  * sendars are peaceful farmers . 
  a mixture of all races , they are honest , hard-working people , and have `` the best features from all races and very few bad ones '' . 
  no military . 
  based on rural englishmen . 
  if there 's one thing i want to experience during my lifetime , it 's an rpg video game with many ( somewhat ) original nations , each with their own characteristic people . 
  though i think it 's unlikely to happen since other aspects of the game would n't get as many development resources and the game would end up being trash . 
   is this a sourceforge problem or a filezilla problem ? 
  both . 
  sourceforge allows projects to earn money on an opt-in basis by wrapping adware on installers . 
  filezilla 's maintainer made the conscious choice of opting in and therefore approving and supporting this obviously unethical practice . 
  i ca n't really comment on de : hr since i 've never played it . 
  but i have a suggestion of my own . 
  sips , have you considered playing some older console games , i.e. 
  for ps2 or earlier ? 
  nowadays you can use emulators to play ps1 and ps2 games in 1080p resolution , texture filtering , anti-aliasing , and other graphical enhancements . 
  i ( and many other people i 'm sure ) have games they wanted to play but could n't for some reason . 
  this could be a good way for doing some `` catching up '' as well as discover some great games . 
  it could make for some original evening with sips episodes . 
  i think hat films just started a series where they play ps1 games . 
  instead of picking some random game from a box like they do , you could play games you 're interested in . 
  here 's some wikipedia lists of console games :, 
  best-selling :, 
  all games :, 
  sips , have you considered playing some older console games , i.e. 
  for ps2 or earlier ? 
  nowadays you can use emulators to play ps1 and ps2 games in 1080p resolution , texture filtering , anti-aliasing , and other graphical enhancements . 
  i ( and many other people i 'm sure ) have games they wanted to play but could n't for some reason . 
  this could be a good way for doing some `` catching up '' as well as discover some great games . 
  it could make for some original evening with sips episodes . 
  i think hat films just started a series where they play ps1 games . 
  instead of picking some random game from a box like they do , you could play games you 're interested in . 
  here 's some wikipedia lists of console games :, 
  best-selling :, 
  all games :, 
  this was in the u.s. just in case anyone was wondering . 
  including the name of the country in question in the post title still seems to be an insurmountable task in 2015 . 
  op is running mint 17.1 , legacy drivers wo n't work on anything newer than xserver 1.13 ( essentially mint 13 ) . 
  you should 've mentioned that . 
  luckily the link you provided does n't work , and i ca n't find the legacy driver from amd 's website ( site throws errors ) , so op might not have screwed up his system trying to install an unsupported driver . 
  the only driver available for hd 4000 series cards on anything after mint 13 is the open source driver , which is installed and enabled by default . 
  if you 're on mint 17 or later and are n't satisfied with your graphics performance you can download newer drivers from [ oibaf 's ppa ] ( https://launchpad.net/~oibaf/+archive/ubuntu/graphics-drivers ) . 
  agreed . 
  * this * is how a story should end , not with `` i left the company 2 months later and have no idea how this process i wrote 20 000 words about ended . '', 
  i 'm glad to hear it 's going well for you . 
  my only experience with ltsp is from ~ 6 years ago while i was in high school . 
  the school had moved from xp to new and shiny windows 7 machines and decided to use the old machines to provide `` backups '' for times when there were n't enough machines available for everyone . 
  that and students could use them for school related work ( read : surfing the interwebs ) during recess . 
  the machines were core 2 duos as far as i can remember , lower end and little ram ( 1gb or less i believe ) . 
  they ran like crap , the monitors were crappy old crts , the keyboards and mice were crap ( old keyboards , ball mice ) , even the desks and chairs were crap . 
  as a result of all this no one wanted to use the `` linux machines '' and it left a bad impression in general . 
  the problem might have been that machines ran edubuntu 8.04 with a full-blown gnome desktop environment , openoffice and all . 
  also , back then the linux version of firefox was much slower than windows version and the graphics drivers for intel gpus sucked . 
  and do n't get me started on flash . 
  either that or the server was crap too . 
  ooooo shit , i 'd almost forgotten this game entirely !, 
  one of the greates rpgs of all time , made in 2004 . 
  this was when vampires still had some street cred , before twilight contaminated `` vampire '' as a genre . 
  great plot , atmosphere , writing , and voice acting . 
  one of the few rpgs in existence that have believably written characters . 
  the vanilla game is buggy as hell but there 's the fantastic tvmb unofficial patch which fixes the issues . 
  holy crap , just googled it and it looks amazing !, 
  how is this not on steam yet ? 
  sips , you should definitely give this one a try . 
  maybe ask hat films if they 'll play with you ? 
  i have a request concerning youtube playlists . 
  it would be great if you could create playlists which are ordered from oldest to newest for some of your series . 
  for example , the [ little and cubed playlist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pleytuxj9c4f6a7mkfy-z1a0tfdsgmwiev ) starts from the newest video which is not ideal if you want to start watching all of the videos from the beginning . 
  it also seems there 's some stuff that 's on nerdcubed 's channel but not on your channel 's playlist . 
  i 'm specifically looking for gta 5 videos , so some sort of a mega-gta playlist with all the gta 5 videos you 've been in would be nice . 
  thanks !, 
  [ creative commons ] ( https://www.reddit.com/donate?organization=43585301 ) is also a good one . 
  they 're easily forgotten , but their licenses are used in countless places worldwide . 
  another less known one is [ software freedom conservancy ] ( http://sfconservancy.org/ ) ( [ vote link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/donate?organization=412203632 ) ) . 
  `` conservancy assists floss project leaders by handling all matters other than software development and documentation , so the developers can focus on what they do best : improving the software for the public good . '', 
  you could add [ optipng ] ( http://optipng.sourceforge.net/ ) to the bitmap compression list . 
  you might want to consider adding `` lossy '' , `` lossless '' , and `` both '' classifications for the entries ( if possible ) since comparing the two is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  at least the first one on the list , tinypng , does lossy compression instead of lossless . 
  oftentimes if you 're using png you actually want lossless files , for lossy there 's always jpeg . 
  which reminds me , you could add a jpeg optimizer section as well . 
  i only discovered lossless optimization of existing jpegs a while ago and i find it fascinating . 
  the only tools i know of are jpegoptim and [ trimage ] ( http://trimage.org/ ) , but i 'm sure there are others . 
  according to wikipedia ffmpeg has reverse-engineered decoding support for indeo video and [ ffmpeg 's documentation ] ( https://www.ffmpeg.org/general.html ) says there 's indeo audio support too . 
  yeah , that 's just the way it is unfortunately . 
  any movement or ideology can be tarnished by a few radical and vocal people who act in the name of the ideology or whose actions are attributed to the movement . 
  gamergate is a recent exampe of this . 
  the meaning of the word is n't defined by the majority of the people participating in the movement , but by media outlets who define it as a `` hate movement '' in their stories or give publicity to people who express such views . 
  this is how a movement concerned about journalistic integrity in gaming media got redefined as an anti-woman hate movement . 
  it only took a few articles in which they defined the people who made threats as typical gamergaters . 
  once larger publications started using the word to refer to people who harrass game developers , the fight over the definition was lost . 
  on related note , it 's funny how you can criticize game developers and the industry all you want . 
  but once you call bull on ridiculously bad arguments which try to paint the industry as blatantly anti-woman , you 're a `` misogynist '' and a `` harrasser '' . 
  i posted a gamergate-related comment on that thread about 3 hours ago and it has n't been removed yet . 
  maybe it 's because i did n't point fingers at anyone , or are the mods asleep ? 
  i 'm not really sure what to believe . 
  it 'd be handy if we could somehow check the content of the deleted posts so we did n't have to rely on the moderators ' word on what the posts contained . 
  edit . 
  removed link to another subreddit , was n't aware they were n't allowed . 
  quoted my post below :, 
   yeah , that 's just the way it is unfortunately . 
  any movement or ideology can be tarnished by a few radical and vocal people who act in the name of the ideology or whose actions are attributed to the movement .
