the mosque was destroyed in nagorno-karabakh conflict though , nothing to do with the armenian genocide i guess . 
  is that ice age or something lol, 
   k * rds do n't be a racist please . 
  not all kurds are like them you know . 
  far more relevant ? 
  dude 's a potato !, 
  sure , the original was decaying due to no restoration but calling that thing far more relevant than that one is a little funny . 
  nope , i just find it hilarious that a non-kurdish person is more fanatic than the regular kurds in here . 
   ah look at that , always blaming the other side , always blaming not yourselves , but others . 
  when will you people ever learn ? 
  funny , because that 's the only thing you are doing . 
  but my bad , i 'm expecting logic from a '' pkk-lover '' this conversation is not going anywhere because the only vocabulary you guys have is limited to '' turks terrorists , you people , etc '' so i 'm not wasting my precious time in yet another meaningless '' turkey-pkk conflict '' comment fight . 
  i would like to say peace , before leaving but you guys have long forgotten that word . 
  another point i would like to add before leaving is , every anti-pkk turkish comments are involving '' pkk supporters , pkk terrorists etc '' , not a single one generalizing all kurds as terrorists , but when you take a good look at the '' pkk-lovers '' ' comments you can see it 's just the opposite , generalizing all turks as savages , terrorists blah blah . 
  especially that ultra-kurdo fascist goodphotos guy ( he does n't share any good photos btw , all he posts is his turkish hatred and butthurt ) , so the best thing you can enjoy in life is probably looking at pkk svbied and ied attacks on turkish soldiers and jerking off while commenting '' pkk is not a terrorist organization like isis ! '', 
  while ignoring the fact that they are even using the exact same tactics . 
  oh we are going with the 90 's times again ? 
  90 's times were also the times where pkk has deliberately attacked and killed hundreds of teachers , doctors , villagers , and all kinds of civilians just to make a name for themselves . 
  also they bragged about this in their official magazine serxwebun . 
  you might wan na check their publishments of the 90 's . 
  but i 'm used to pkk lovers bullshit lies , you are saying it 's not a competition but you are the one giving numbers lol . 
  i do n't disagree with the fact that the pkk was born from anti-kurdish settlement back in the 70-80 's but still claiming that kurds are being brutally murdered every day in turkey ( as well as many other lies ) is just downright being absurd . 
  kurds had their chance to represent themselves in the grand assembly and manage their own cities/towns , they blew it up when they swarmed southeastern cities with armed militants and dig up trenches with a purpose of sparking a civil war and hdp mp 's deliberately supporting this . 
  even i believed in hdp 's sweet peace , and unity in turkey for everyone promises before the election , but i 'm sure this was turks fault too . 
   anyone who denies this is either a turk or someone brainwashed by a turk . 
  reported this for blatant racism and hate speech . 
  you are so delusional and full of blind hatred that i ca n't even bring myself to an argument with you . 
  your hatred has stripped you of your human emotions it seems . 
  you are not even a kurd , you are german , why do you even care ? 
  boo hoo , a kurdofascist is crying about how evil turks are . 
  maybe you should try looking yourself in a mirror . 
  i see you bitching about turks in every topic whether it 's relevant or not . 
  you have a severe case of an anti-turkish racism / terrorist delusion disorder pal . 
  fuck erdogan but this brochure is right . 
  everyone in turkey even people who hate erdogan such as kemalists and nationalists and pro-turkey kurds ( non-separatist ones ) , despise pkk . 
  pkk has caused nothing but destruction in turkey , only thing they know is terrorist attacks . 
  about that you are right . 
  there were many other civilizations before turks in anatolia . 
  he is right though , it 's not like the turks were aliens who came from outerspace . 
  they arrived from central asia and assimilated/integrated with the locals of anatolia . 
  almost everyone ? 
  if anyone does n't know that turks were once nomads and they conquered anatolia and made it their new home it 's their own fault , they should have read more about history . 
   i am saying is credit should go to the ancient people that lived there at those times . 
  are you expecting him to write the title as '' aspendos theatre , roman empire '' , or '' ancient greece '' or something ? 
  is he a time traveler ? 
  everyone knows that ancient theaters were n't built by the turks but those empires are long gone and theaters are currently within the borders of turkey today . 
  itt pkk supporter kurds promoting terrorism under disguise of being anti-erdogan . 
   the pkk commit terror , par excellence . 
  they use child soldiers , abduct children to fight when ? 
  now : http://www.turkishamericannews.com/images/tan/stories69/newyork/2109-01.jpg https://c1.staticflickr.com/9/8161/7129663815_bafd6bccbb_b.jpg http://thekebabandcamel.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/1.bmp http://vicdaniret.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/cocuk-asker-pkk - 1.jpg, 
  they think since pkk attacks military targets ( including blowing up a bus full of unarmed privates in their day-off ) is legitimate it 's a-ok . 
  but when other kurdish militant groups such as tak which has absolutely no connections with the pkk ( excluding the fact that one of the suicide bombers who killed many civilians in terror attacks in ankara and istanbul have pictures along with the pkk militants in qandil mountains ) it 's still not the fault of the pkk because the pkk dindu nuffin !, 
  this is just an obvious generic pkk rally hidden in guise of being against erdogan 's authoritarianism ... 
  so it 's like all the pro-kurdish ( pro-pkk ) protests then ? 
  what a shocker !, 
  let 's bring peace to turkey by releasing the leader of a militant organization who caused over 40.000 thousand deaths !, 
  this is not crusader kings , it 's real life . 
  they already worship erdogan so it does n't matter for them him becoming a sultan as long as the glorious ottoman empire returns lol . 
  they are delusional as fuck . 
  actually trump and his adherents came much later after erdogan supporters . 
  we have been dealing with them since 2002 . 
  they are already aware of the danger . 
  but they ca n't help it when erdogan fans are humiliating themselves on a daily basis . 
  it has become something like a meme here . 
  erdogan fans are proudly sharing it everywhere and boasting about it whereas the normal people are just making jokes and laughing over it . 
  the worst part of this is , it says '' learn turkish '' at the end , but they did so many grammatical mistakes . 
  there is no such thing as '' ottomans ' . 
  ottomans were a noble ruling family of the ottoman empire , not a nationality . 
  turks were being discriminated in the ottoman empire , especially in the palace . 
  even every wives of the ottoman sultans were all foreigners . 
  according to akp voters : whole world vs ottomans . 
  ( not turkey , they hate modern turkey because they are always living in the past where religious crooks ruled the country ), 
  oh shit , i misquoted you lol . 
  i thought you were commenting on the news but you were actually replying to the guy who was saying '' do n't the greeks call it constantinopole '' my bad . 
  reddit ui is really crap . 
  we do . 
  that was a beautiful gesture , thanks kom\u015fu . 
  that was a beautiful gesture . 
  thanks chaps . 
  that escalated rather quickly , erdogan already had the popular vote and after the coup , he became a god emperor . 
  now it 's even harder to criticise him because his fanboys will just call you a gulenist or something like that . 
  kurdish `` rebels '' are the exact definition of terrorists . 
  same goes for many jihadi organizations in syria , but you guys love pkk terrorists a lot because they only kill turks and are feminist and vegan . 
  in fact : pkk is much older than every other armed group in syria and much more dangerous . 
  also the methods they used caused them to be called as terrorists . 
  not your political affiliation . 
  kind of life i want to live when i 'm old, 
  so you would prefer them bully muslim students then . 
  damn , this seems even more advanced , and i just started to prepare coffee , first turkish coffee then frappe haha . 
  but i might try this one out too since i have a large appetite for new things . 
  thanks , neighbor !, 
  best drink i like about greece . 
  espresso is way too bitter for me . 
  i love both . 
  i used to hate turkish coffee because of how bitter it is but after i learned how to prepare it from my mom i started to love it because i 'm so damn good at making it . 
  uk : i 'm the best tea drinker in the world !, 
  turkey : hold my tulip shaped tea glass . . 
  floor is finland, 
  another classic from the successor of mozart : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu8t7oy0io8, 
  sometimes i really wish he was n't that corrupt and islamist .
