   neither . 
  trump said many times that its obsolete , most he said on this was in 2015 . 
  he said its obsolete and outdated and he wanted to expand it so that it would include counter terror ops and possibly offensive ops , maybe even border security . 
  nato was created to simply counter russia and that 's ( mostly ) all its doing . 
  `` hey guys , lets dismantle the alliance that opposes russia '' `` why ? '', 
  `` to make it bigger '' will you drop trump when that does n't happen ? 
   was n't nato created during the world war ? 
  it seems to an outsider like me that nato is outdated , a relic of the past . 
  why does europe need nato now ? 
  france , u.k.and germany are powerful . . nato was created to balance out the ussr/china bloc for the cold war . 
  given cold war 2.0 is upon us , i 'm not sure why you think it is obsolete . 
  trump : i 'm reasonably certain west russia can not join nato . 
  it would be like those liberal fucks in hollywood joining nato because they disagree with my decision to leave it . 
  the sarcasm in your post . 
  it may be your turn to liberate us . 
  i 'm not sure yet . 
  he does n't have any real power until this weekend . 
  russia informs us all their puppet has spoken the proper lines . 
  i need a drink . 
   if i knew i 'd build it . 
  fair enough . 
   well my idea would involve replacing our social media with our personal rss feeds which we would self-publish and 3rd party websites could aggregate . 
  then we could use ai to combat the spam and trolling problems : a ` subreddit ' could train its own bot to recognize the kind of trolling and spam it does not want to have . 
  the main issue , honestly , is managing spam with a self-learning bot and its really not reliable except at extreme scale . 
  ( i.e. 
  millions of users ) the main problem i 've always had with that idea is the filtering process is always going to `` censor '' something to a degree that a subset of users will not want ... or everyone will have to manually censor . 
   reddit 's ceo himself will edit your posts if you piss him enough . 
  reddit is already wrecked , personally i dont care to defend it and i wish the network of people would move to another , open/distributed alternative ( which doesnt exist yet ) . 
  what would you want it to exist as , out of curiosity ? 
  they want a race to the bottom like in the us where money is the only god . 
   sorry for not being clear ( i did n't attempt to discredit your position btw ) - i just ca n't understand why we 're being chastised for doing same things other do . 
  just because other people do it does n't make it right . 
   so when you run out of arguments ( and you presented none btw ) you retort to insults ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot you did n't really present an argument . 
  you presented a series of logical fallacies . 
   other countries have the same regulations ( which you call whataboutism ) - so why picking on us ( that 's a holier than thou , do n't you think ? ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism  whataboutism is a term describing a propaganda technique used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , [ 3 ] a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent 's position by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  it is n't just me . 
  its an appeal to hypocrisy which is a logical fallacy given i do n't have control over my government and i 'm pretty much shut out politically with essentially no representation that represents my views in my own country . 
  to argue that i am personally responsible for it or that it is not a propaganda technique is a bad choice . 
  even if i believed you were right , or that you had some evidence of what you are saying , the fact you rely on the same techniques as cold war propaganda to `` argue '' your side pretty much causes me to discount you as a right wing useful idiot who repeats the party line because of how often i see it in my own country . 
  just fyi , this is why i do n't take your personal opinions over the word of journalists that have visited hungary . 
   as you please . 
  i hope at least you find some enjoyment from spreading lies about other people 's countries . 
  is it really a lie if your only defense is to argue that , technically , it is simply an activity homeless people engage in exclusively as they are entirely dependent on that option to sleep somewhere and not the word homelessness itself they are banning ? 
  ah , the `` whataboutism '' is strong with you . 
  simply because my country does shitty things and you ca n't defend 90 % of what i said does n't mean i 'm going to play the game of `` what about the shitty shit the us does ? '', 
  similarly , you are ignoring what i said and arguing semantics of `` well , technically , its not homelessness its just y' know things homeless people do '' . 
  that is just a word game i 'm not going to engage with . 
   in this day and age , building a house out of anything other than that , is just stupid , environmentally irresponsible and personally reckless , when the costs is almost identical to brick and mortar . 
  a steel fortress necessary to stop a low intensity tornado is more expensive than the concrete equivalent . 
   no it did n't . 
  i am always amazed on how well non-hungarians know what 's going on here , better than us ... 
  i 'm curious , do you have actual evidence they followed through to provide shelters for these people ? 
  or are you simply going to argue semantics ? 
  banning living in public spaces is a ban on homelessness in function if not in name . 
  similarly , you are ignoring the entire rest of the article to nitpick one thing where you disagree on a purely semantics level . 
   whether you like it or not , from january trump will be the president of the united states , and we will need to work with him . 
  the sooner you accept it the better . 
  imo ruining otherwise great relations because of `` dem european values '' is counterproductive and does not benefit anyone . 
  trump has screwed a good fraction of the people that `` worked with '' him so avoiding doing so is likely the better choice tbh . 
   he does n't want migrants , which in europe means you 're literally hitler . 
  https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/11/02/human-rights-begin-home-hungary  in the past six years , since the second viktor orban government was voted in , it has undermined checks and balances on the executive by weakening or gaining control over key public institutions . 
  its record has drawn criticism from the council of europe , european parliament , the un high commissioner for human rights , and un independent experts on discrimination against women , migrants ' rights , and human rights defenders . 
  the government has weakened the mandate of the constitutional court and packed the main media regulator with political appointees . 
  it has put pressure on independent media outlets and civil society groups alike . 
   the government has even made it a crime to be homeless . 
  initially , the constitutional court blocked the proposed law change , but the government got around this by changing the constitution to permit criminalization of homelessness and then changing the court 's mandate , so it could not rule on the constitution itself . 
  so ... do you get the problem now ? 
   dry rot , termites , electrical fire , heating source fire , thunder strike fire , toxic molds , water putrefaction , it warps and breaks , a lot of things can kill you and make it one of the worst choices for a habitable environment . 
  all of that applies to cardboard too , eh ? 
   you are greatly overestimating trump 's level of competence . 
  and i say that as someone who does not highly rate the competence of bush . 
  idk , making pence run the day-to-day operations of being president while trump is a figurehead might give him the competence he needs : /, 
  how so ? 
   they didnt want another status quo democrat president and they achieved that . 
  they wanted a status quo republican instead . 
  yeah , 10/10 good job . 
  you want us tanking the global economy again ? 
  lol . 
  to a degree , yes , but democracy is the most stable because it allows for populist outrage w/o the violence of a revolution to overwhelm the will of the wealthy . 
   fool me once shame on you , fool me twice , ca n't get crooked again . 
  if only that were true . 
  : / i just do n't understand how these obvious crooks keep fooling the american people . 
  bush jr was a `` compassionate conservative '' which was a euphemism for populist conservative . 
  http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2016/may/18/chris-wallace/most-gop-nominees-1970s-have-released-their-tax-re/  the tax history project has compiled the tax returns of many current and former candidates and presidents , all the way back to franklin roosevelt 's 1913 returns . 
   that leaves one nominee since nixon , nixon 's vice president , gerald ford . 
  ford assumed the role of president after nixon resigned in 1974 amid the watergate scandal . 
  ford ran for re-election as the republican nominee in 1976 , ultimately losing to democrat jimmy carter . 
   the irs audited nixon in 1973 , when questions bubbled up about a fishy charitable donation and speculation that nixon had tried to game the tax system , according to a paper prepared for the united states capitol historical society . 
  ( this happened around the same time as the watergate investigation but was a separate issue . ), 
   however , the congressional investigation ultimately found that nixon owed $ 476,431 ( approximately $ 2.3 million in today 's dollars ) in unpaid taxes and accrued interest . 
  oops . 
  this tradition started because of nixon . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/11/us/politics/11nixon.html  yorba linda , calif. -- richard m. nixon made disparaging remarks about jews , blacks , italian-americans and irish-americans in a series of extended conversations with top aides and his personal secretary , recorded in the oval office 16 months before he resigned as president . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/23/politics/john-ehrlichman-richard-nixon-drug-war-blacks-hippie/  `` you understand what i 'm saying ? 
  we knew we could n't make it illegal to be either against the war or black , but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin . 
  and then criminalizing both heavily , we could disrupt those communities , '' ehrlichman said .
