  `` we could arrest their leaders . 
  raid their homes , break up their meetings , and vilify them night after night on the evening news . 
  did we know we were lying about the drugs ? 
  of course we did . '', 
   i mean trump scares the shit out of me , but his election highlights a bunch of pissed off voters can change things . 
  that said , the people pissed off about this stuff would have to care enough vote . 
  they did n't change anything . 
  please do n't be deceived . 
  they basically re-elected a mashup of nixon and bush jr. 
  we ca n't without getting rich enough to buy enough power to fight on even footing tbh . 
  yeah , this is fucking terrible and needs to stop . 
  who is your trump ? 
  i was thinking more to make sure i got out of the country . 
  lol, 
  well , you did n't build your country out of a violent revolution , enslaved people at gun point for a century , and kept a people that hates you on reservations for centuries ... you might start to see why that culture evolved to be what it is . 
  access to weaponry was critical until the 20th century in the us to avoid push back from the people they were oppressing . 
  at that point , it just became a `` thing '' that no one dared touch . 
  yeah , but to be fair , there are many things i can do/say in the us that would cause a civil or criminal suit in germany . 
  the us was fine before 9/11 . 
  re : right to drink beer outside local or state ordinances , yeah . 
  it is n't country wide . 
  oh it gets better : https://www.aclu.org/know-your-rights-governments-100-mile-border-zone-map  ah ok . thats good to hear . 
  thanks i figured knowing americans can be killed or jailed without due process would make you feel better . 
   i know that was sarcastic but since 9/11 , americans lost their constitutional rights if the words `` national security '' or `` terrorism '' get bandied about . 
   really ? 
  because i heard talk about declaring a war on terror , giving more rights to the president . 
  this was talked about a lot from the right tbh , since 9/11 , and the patriot act there are n't ` new powers ' they can give him that are really meaningful . 
  i already can be imprisoned or killed without a trial while if i 'm outside the us . 
  i can be seized and held indefinitely in the us on a suspicion of supporting terrorist activities . 
   maybe a major event will bring enough support for emergency powers on the president . 
  like a terrorist attack ? 
  these things can happen , right ? 
  emergency powers in the us requires an actual war with another country . 
  so ... he 'd need to invade canada first i guess ? 
  lol . 
  i thought that was actually a miniature version they put on a building  .  i can be an ijit . 
  so you put jesus on your apartment buildings ? 
  you have out america 'd america . 
  yeah , from what i realize now , turkey was thinking the same thing i was . 
   we were saying same things too . . lol ... fuck . 
  well , at least i 've got the 2nd amendment and enough money to leave the country if it comes to that . 
  our constitution being amended requires a 75 % majority of the states to concur . 
  it simply is not possible in the us for one party to reach that level of consensus unless there is literally a military coup taking over ~ 10 states . 
   dictatorship is coming ... coming ? 
  i thought it was pretty clear after the failed coup attempt erdogan said fuck it and he was the dictator now . 
  difficult to do when erdogan purges his opposition . 
  #put up your dukes sir !, 
  i guess i 'm not the only one whose parents tried to convince them to drink when they were really young ( like 12 ) . 
  tbh , yeah , i feel the same way about drivers licenses too :p, 
  to be fair , i think 16 might be a little too young . 
  once you are old enough to die for your country , you sure as hell are old enough to drink . 
  well played sir !, 
  you 've won !, 
  samuel adams  heineken, 
  wisconsin cheese  dutch cheese, 
  fite me four srs dutch !, 
   his win gives people hope that it 's possible to win against the establishment even if it controlls media and have support of capital and other corrupt politicians & organisations within country . 
  duma elections this year were very depressing . 
  umm . 
  please do n't buy into that . 
  he is basically putting the establishment into power in his administration . 
  trump 's picks so far are about as anti-establishment as picking dmitry medvedev to be your prime minister in russia with putin running things behind the scenes . 
  his governor is a lifelong gop politician and his chief of staff is the head of the republican party . 
  since you care ( and the op does not ) , which is unfortunate because the `` both sides are the same '' bs is stupidly common in the us ... 1 ) the democrats can basically do nothing . 
  they 've been completely destroyed as a political force for the next 2 years . 
  likely 4 . 
  the policies ( and their outcome ) is entirely on the republicans . 
  2 ) the scary thing to me ( and it should be to most people in the us , but they seem to blatantly ignore it regularly ) is the fact the gop `` mainstream '' economic policies are considered to be terrible by all but partisan economists from right-wing think tanks ( with the exception of them being pro-free trade , which they ditched 8 years ago so they could oppose obama on it ) . 
  3 ) the current gop `` mainstream '' economic thought involves starting a trade war with countries like china , reducing the size of our workforce , reducing access to credit , cutting taxes in a way that disproportionately favors the wealthy , reducing incomes of poorer americans ( welfare reductions , social security privatization , reductions in access to medical care ) which has been shown to have a multiplier greater than most forms of government spending ( besides infrastructure ) , bullying our central bank to setting monetary policy in line with their political beliefs , and increased government spending ( heavily biased towards military but with some infrastructure spending that is n't properly funded for the long term maintenance which makes it largely wasted ) . 
  there is literally not a single good idea on this list and pretending such things exist is dangerously naive . 
  that is not to say democrats are great on the economy . 
  they have alot of shitty ideas too ... * but * they are n't nearly as shitty as that list . 
  4 ) i 'm just going to link you to a bunch of articles of why the republican `` mainstream ideas '' are terrible ( because , honestly , they are and they 'll affect more than the us and trump 's economic policies are `` mainstream '' by gop standards ) : http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2016/11/global-economy  yet even if mr trump does not land america and the world in a serious new conflict or a global depression , his effect on the trajectory of global growth and development could be substantial and terrible . 
  mr trump may kick into reverse a process of globalisation which had already stalled . 
  that will not restore to workers a golden age of prosperity and security . 
  instead , it will increase the extent to which the global economy feels like a zero-sum competition , increasing the risk of political conflict . 
  it will also destroy a developmental ladder which had already been looking quite rickety . 
  developing economies will find themselves less able to use trade to boost their growth potential and less able to send migrants to richer countries . 
  at the same time , the international cooperation that occasionally provided some cushion against financial or economic hardship in the developing world could break down . 
  and climate change will worsen . 
  the picture of trump world is far darker for those outside the rich world than within it . 
  yet within , it is dark enough . 
  http://thehill.com/policy/finance/284095-study-economy-would-be-significantly-weaker-under-trump  `` the economy will be significantly weaker if mr. trump 's economic proposals are adopted . 
  under the scenario in which all his stated policies become law in the manner proposed , the economy suffers a lengthy recession and is smaller at the end of his four-year term than when he took office , '' the report said . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-14/goldman-sees-the-possibility-of-staglation-under-trump-presidency  that 's the view of economists at goldman sachs group inc. , who argue that while some of president-elect donald trump 's proposals could boost u.s. economic growth in the near future , his other policies would offset those positive impacts over the long-run . 
   goldman is n't the first bank to warn about the possibility of stagflation . 
  hsbc holdings plc chief u.s. 
  economist kevin logan wrote last week that : `` if trump does follow through on the full extent of his proposals , our economics team believes there could be a short-term boost to gdp growth from tax cuts and increased defense spending , but stagflation could quickly set in if import prices rise and the immigrant labor force contracts . '', 
  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/making-sense/column-trumps-trade-policy-recipe-recession-history-says/  column : trump 's trade policy is a recipe for recession , history says  for the trade deficit to fall , savings and/or investment have to change . 
  the last two times we saw a significant fall in the trade deficit -- in 1988 to 1992 and 2006 to 2009 -- investment fell significantly more than savings . 
  what was the result ? 
  the two largest recessions in the last 35 years . 
   neither mainstream republican nor democratic ideas are likely to be catastrophic -- i do n't much care about a `` gop mainstream '' versus `` democratic mainstream '' election . 
  i do care a great deal if trump starts pulling in some really wacky people and starts going hog-wild with their theories . 
  the gop is chomping at the bit to do quite a few drastic things that economists think will cause a recession and/or stagflation . 
  so i 'm not sure what you are defining as `` catastrophic '' given that . 
  you think the ira is hitler ? 
  lol . 
  ira was a terrorist organization very similar to the muslim terrorism problem . 
  and i know your shitposting .
