  it still does n't change that on the whole the country is wealthier , either . 
  its just a question of using political policy to distribute that excess wealth to minimize suffering . 
   even if we accept this statement as true , and i more or less do because i have n't seen compelling evidence to the contrary , the fact that something will ultimately happen is n't , to me , an argument to do it now . 
  ultimately we are all dead . 
   this too . 
  but i also do n't really see much benefit to us ; there may be some negligible long term gains , but it comes at the cost of highly concentrated large short term economic trauma to specific parts of the working class . 
  http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/manufacturing-jobs-are-never-coming-back/  here 's the problem : whether or not those manufacturing jobs could have been saved , they are n't coming back , at least not most of them . 
  how do we know ? 
  because in recent years , factories have been coming back , but the jobs have n't . 
  because of rising wages in china , the need for shorter supply chains and other factors , a small but growing group of companies are shifting production back to the u.s. 
  but the factories they build here are heavily automated , employing a small fraction of the workers they would have a generation ago . 
  the problem is these jobs , frankly , are cheaper to automate and have only a few techs to run the factory instead of the labor intensive industry it used to be . 
  machines are cheaper than american labor and that is the factor you are gleefully ignoring because you want a political solution that brings back jobs . 
  output has gone up 20 % since the recession ended and manufacturing jobs are up 5 % , this gap is a real thing you ca n't simply pretend is n't real . 
  this is n't some `` future '' , by ultimately i meant when nafta was signed in 1993 , you might have been able to save us manufacturing for a decade . 
  by 2003 , the same trend would have happened and they 'd have been replaced with machines . 
  the luddite position that `` manufacturing '' will create jobs in the us is simply wrong . 
  working class jobs outside of the service sector are shrinking and have been for awhile . 
  service jobs are here because you ca n't export them in practical quantities anyway . 
  and if you are talking about anything outside manufacturing , nafta does n't even affect it because it does n't involve the trade of physical goods . 
  http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-manufacturing-jobs-lost-20160811-snap-story.html  reality check : manufacturers returning to u.s. may mean jobs for robots , not people http://blogs.reuters.com/edgy-optimist/2014/01/17/the-real-future-of-u-s-manufacturing/  but all this is not the same as a job creator for a workforce of at least 120 million and counting in nation of more than 320 million people . 
  these high-tech factories might employ hundreds of people in conjunction with industrial robots , using sophisticated software systems for design and production . 
  these factory workers bear little resemblance to the 1950s line workers doing rote tasks . 
  they are more like silicon valley engineers or lab technicians . 
  these are high-skill jobs -- and not nearly as plentiful as the factory jobs of the past . 
  http://www.deseretnews.com/article/865659659/what-politicians-arent-saying-about-declining-manufacturing-jobs.html?pg=all  manufacturing in the u.s. has already been hit by the effects of automation , with its output at an `` all-time high '' even as its employment has been falling for longer than 30 years , vardi stated . 
  http://theweek.com/articles/563544/american-manufacturing-jobs-are-never-coming-back  now , before you point to a recent modest resurgence in domestic manufacturing on the order of thousands of jobs , please consider that the economies of sanders and warren require millions . 
  and with automation making inroads every day , it should be very clear that the work that once fueled industrial america will soon be done by machines ( 2013 was a record year for sales of robots of the industrial variety ) . 
   machines make fewer mistakes , do n't take vacations or lunch breaks , and are terrible at asking for raises . 
  there should be little doubt that we have entered an era of automation from which there is no return . 
  a report from oxford puts the damage at 45 percent of american jobs in two decades , while a study by boston consulting group estimates a 22 percent decline in manufacturing employment by 2025 , all thanks to robots . 
  even in china this is starting to happen ( just only in a few areas ) : http://www.techrepublic.com/article/chinese-factory-replaces-90-of-humans-with-robots-production-soars/  chinese factory replaces 90 % of humans with robots , production soars, 
  if russia started nuking countries in europe , moscow would a nature reserve like chernobyl . 
  nukes are out of bounds . 
  https://ustr.gov/archive/assets/trade_agreements/regional/nafta/fact_sheets/asset_upload_file496_13496.pdf  a number of formal mathematical studies of the north american free trade agreement found that the nafta , when fully implemented , would raise u.s. gdp by between 0.1 % and 0.5 % . 
  relative to the size of the economy in 2000 , these estimates suggest and an income gain of between $ 10 billion and $ 50 billion . 
  per an average household of four , this translates into a per year income gain of $ 140 to $ 720 . 
   these studies of nafta benefits understate the gains from trade because of high product aggregation , incomplete accounting of the growth effects of trade and the inability to measure the effects of many non-tariff measures , rules changes and trade in services just fyi . 
  its pretty much considered a fact by both parties that it resulted in a slight * effective * income gain . 
  this is from 2007 under bush . 
  it was implemented under clinton . 
  really the only thing it hurts is people that , unfortunately , would be hurt anyway because of how much cheaper labor and transport is vs. the cost of us labor . 
  the problem is , blue collar labor gets hurt in the process and that is quite unfortunate but also inevitable . 
   what good is stock market growth to most people ? 
  how do you plan to retire w/o investments ? 
   how will the free trade deal affect median family income ? 
  the median ? 
  not much . 
  its generally the below median , low/unskilled labor that gets shafted under trade agreements . 
  the reason savannajeff is kinda right and you are kinda right is ... well ... not everyone can do white collar jobs . 
  some people just are n't capable of that sort of work just like i 'd make a terrible soldier because i 've got medical issues that would impair my ability to function . 
  the reality is , those jobs would be lost * anyway * because protectionist policies is ultimately ineffective at saving people in that situation since it just creates jobs for creative accountants , import/export specialists who move things through an intermediary country , etc. 
  really , the only problem with the ttip and the pacific equivalent is the way it turned shitty ip legislation that might still one day be overturned into a fixed bedrock we 'd never be able to repair . 
  tbh , ttip and ceta are practically identical for the most part so ceta is all they need . 
  us/eu trade will just flow through canada due to nafta and it will just be a self-dealing canadian/us conglomerate doing it . 
  yes , access to weapons has been a common theme in us society since before it was the us . 
   the mexican government invited us settlers to those lands north of the rio grande without giving them mexican citizenship , big mistake for them of course but the texans considered it liberation . 
  yes , the american citizens in texas considered it liberation . 
   why more then 90 % of mexicans in those territories chose to become us citizens when offered by the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo yeah , that has nothing to do with the fact leaving would cause them to lose all the real estate they had in the southwest . 
  nothing at all . 
  nope . 
   lesson to be learned there but mexico at the time was under a dictatorship . 
  then have a revolution that overthrows the dictator rather than taking territory and joining other countries . 
  eh , if i was , i 'd have to explain which bank and who did what and such . 
  not going to do that on reddit . 
  its rl related . 
  https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53m84y/is_deutsche_bank_cooking_its_derivatives_book_to/d7uigz5 i 'm sure you can find your way from there . 
  there was another post you ignored in relation to the post i replied to . 
   i wonder if the `` police in the us fires 25 times as often '' is matched with a `` people in the us are 25 times as likely to have guns '' . 
  we have more guns than we have adults , so that is probably the case . 
   its fought wars to liberate texas from mexico and to join the union ffs , texas was n't `` liberated '' it was fucking conquered along with most of the southwest . 
  yeah , the us has serious problems with its justice system from end to end . 
  however , the 2nd amendment is a large part of that as you do have to assume people are armed . 
  however , tbh , there are still far too many incidents of clearly unarmed people with no weapon in hand being shot in the us . 
  i 'll take that as a dodge then and you function in compliance as i expect . 
  thanks for the confirmation . 
  * shrugs * if they are n't allowed out again that is good enough . 
  the problem is i do n't think rehabilitation is reliable outside of a homogeneous population with deep bonds in the community . 
  : / similarly i do n't see the punishment or rehabilitation arguments as really that relevant . 
  the us for instance has a 50 % recidivism rate on sex offenders , something like 25 % re-offend with violence/sexual offenses . 
  is it really worth the 25 % chance of these guys raping someone else again to let them out ? 
  my only concern , honestly , is the risk they 'll re-offend vs. the general population . 
  if you can get that close to 0 % , sure finland 's methods work but as far as i can tell that really only happens with largely homogeneous populations of 90 % + natives . 
  you are joking right ? 
  i do n't want them dead , just in jail longer . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not saying the judge should break the law . 
  just that in this case the sentence is too light . 
  i tried to explain my reasoning to someone only to delete it 'cause idgaf at this point . 
  :p but hey , the op offenders are finns right ? 
  i 'm gon na delete it then if you feel that way but honestly , you do n't really have much of an argument . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9664255  factors associated with recidivism in 86 men convicted of rape were studied . 
  these men had been out of prison for up to 12 years ( mean , 7.6 years ) . 
  the majority of the men had been assessed in a sexual behaviors clinic of a general psychiatric hospital at the time of their conviction . 
  almost 50 percent of the group had committed some offense by the fifth year out of prison . 
  they re-offend pretty frequently . 
  similarly , this is n't like it was a one-on-one encounter where there could be some argument for some level of innocence/miscommunication/mistake . 
  it is n't about revenge but about this kind of crime . 
  i think finland is alot more rational when it comes to crimes where the offenses are minor or offenses where there might have been some level of reasonable chance of some level of mistake that can be learned from . 
  the problem here is that is n't the case .
