  the uk agreed to pay # 7m over two years towards the new measures , in addition to money previously pledged . 
  the uk and the eu were both helping the french essentially pay for all the security & infrastructure in the port of calais . 
  if you feel millions of euros a year in free money is n't worth the headache of calais , well , that is fair but its pretty clear the government of france disagrees . 
   could still be worth it , though . 
  if you honestly follow through with all the promises of brexit it is impossible for it to be worth it to the uk in economic terms . 
  if you end up with `` free trade in goods '' when you need `` free trade in services '' ... the city of london is obliterated as a financial center . 
  its quite possible the eu is only gong to give you the first one , and they 'd be generous to do that . 
   why not just have us all win ? 
  because you ca n't . 
  the brexit plan is pretty much doomed from an economic standpoint if it actually fulfills its promises . 
  breaking the chain on free movement of labor and say `` go fuck yourself '' requires the eu to treat you as being ideologically opposed to free trade . 
  ( hint : one of the things you can trade is labor . ), 
  so ... the only rational response is to cut you out of the trading bloc altogether if you are unwilling to reciprocate on free trade . 
  of course , if the uk abandons those promises and allow the free movement of labor ... you basically just shot yourself in the foot for no obvious reason to an outside observer . 
  you gave up representation within the eu and have to play by all their rules * anyway * . 
  its like if mexico quit nafta but still expected to sell the us its goods without tariffs . 
  the decision will be made by the next president and the french originally agreed to calais because it benefits them . 
  they are n't going to go `` lolno '' later . 
  similarly , it benefits may because the uk has shown it it is opposed to the migrants . 
  its such an obvious win-win i 'm amazed you two are thinking another outcome would happen . 
   americans want what jewish media told them to want . 
   i operate on real definitions , the way the people use particular word . 
  dictionary ones are often outdated . 
  i do n't really have words to respond to this other than the obvious : you appear to be a racist so i 'm done with you . 
  fair enough but that is n't the case . 
   the congressional pot is calling the presidential kettle black , except that the pot is much bigger and darker . 
  that is basically a saying that says they are two groups of corrupt people . 
  ( i.e. 
  the president kettle is black , the congressional pot is black ), 
  that is direct democracy . 
  representative democracy is what most democracies have . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/04/brazil-impeachment-dilma-rousseff/478677/  and yet , as the new york times reports , 60 percent of the 594 members of brazil 's congress who will ultimately vote on rousseff 's impeachment are themselves facing or under investigation for `` serious charges like bribery , electoral fraud , illegal deforestation , kidnapping and homicide , according to transparency brazil , a corruption-monitoring group . '' ( sitting lawmakers generally enjoy immunity from prosecution in regular courts ; they can only be tried in the plodding , overwhelmed supreme federal court . ), 
  the congressional pot is calling the presidential kettle black , except that the pot is much bigger and darker . 
  i think that really sums it up . 
  because i 'm silly and like variety ? 
  no worries , i 'm just trying to be clear . 
   this is outrageous . 
  it 's really like non-us citizens are treated as second class citizens in the world . 
  there 's never been a case where a us citizen has been extradicted , prosecuted and put in prison in another country . 
  i never said it was reasonable . 
  i was explaining the question of setting foot in the us is n't relevant from the us legal perspective . 
  and yes , this is what happens when one party is too powerful to be practically opposed ... it abuses that power . 
  it is unfortunate but throwing a fit about me answering a question is unproductive . 
   no , it is n't , at least not according to west and us . 
  if so , why do west criticize countries like turkey or poland , when they have elected governments ? 
  i operate on the dictionary definitions , not the definitions used by politicians which regularly engage in doublespeak . 
   and even when speaking about elections , americans do n't elect their governments . 
  you always have only one candidate , so what an election it is , if you can only choose between one candidate ? 
  we have two candidates . 
  it only looks like one to you because their foreign policy is always pretty much identical . 
  domestically , there are variations that matter to us . 
  unfortunately , a clear majority of the us want interventionist policy . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/30/foreign-affairs-poll_n_5239498.html  those opinions represent a stark change from just after the 9/11 attacks . 
  in september 2001 , 37 percent of americans thought the country should be more active , and only 14 percent wanted it to take a less active role . 
   forty-seven percent of americans say the u.s. should be less active in world affairs , while 30 percent think it should remain at its current level . 
  just 19 percent want to see the country become more involved . 
  in other words , 49 % to 47 % favor current ( or greater ) levels of intervention . 
  http://apnorc.org/news-media/pages/news+media/ap-norc-poll-terror-tops-americans-foreign-policy-concerns.aspx  washington ( ap ) -- few americans want to see the united states take a more active approach to foreign policy , but the vast majority thinks it may be appropriate to take military action to achieve at least some goals in international affairs , according to a new poll conducted by the associated press-norc center for public affairs research --  actually they are . 
  a person , for killing one person , can go to lifetime jail . 
  whereas a corporation , for killing 50 people , will get some low fines to pay , at most . 
  i said many respects . 
  not all . 
   the word democracy means something along the lines of power to the people . 
  if the people you get to choose between are all backed by more or less the same people the people 's power is greatly diminished . 
  in theory anyone can run for congress or president , but in reality you need to have someone who can finance you and those people who finance you have their own interests . 
  before you know it , even if you get into a position of power , you will still be just a puppet for those people who actually run the show without anyone giving them any sort of democratic mandate . 
  https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=define%3ademocracy http://www.npr.org/2014/07/28/335288388/when-did-companies-become-people-excavating-the-legal-evolution, 
  yeah but you can charge , maybe , 1000 $ a year and get the same effect for the first degree . 
   why does it matter ? 
  not like our justice system follows it anyway ... because its basically a huge political fuck you to the west in general . 
  `` hey , we agreed to respect human rights ... but fuck you . 
  we are doing what we want . '', 
   has he even put a foot in the us to be extradited to it ? 
  both kim dotcom and this ukrainian did business with us hosting companies . 
  from the us 's legal perspective ( unfortunately ) that gives them the right to go after you . 
  performing the crime on american soil can be done remotely due to the way the laws here work . 
  https://www.justice.gov/usao-ndil/file/877591/download  agents with homeland security investigations and the internal revenue service have been investigating kickass torrents , often referred to as `` kat , '' a widely-popular commercial website that since 2008 has enabled millions of users to reproduce and distribute without authorization hundreds of millions of infringing copies of copyrighted works , including motion pictures , television programs , musical recordings , electronic books , video games , and other computer software media , collectively valued at well over a billion dollars . 
  during that time period , kat has relied on a network of computer servers around the world to operate , including computer servers located in chicago , illinois . 
   they are . 
  in a real democracy , the interests of the people precedes the interests of corporations . 
  --  democracy : a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state , typically through elected representatives . 
  no , a real democracy simply means you get to elect the people in power . 
  it does n't prevent corporations from lobbying . 
  similarly , unfortunately , we have the legal precedent that corporations are people in the us so , technically , they are not separable from real people from a legal standpoint in many respects . 
  i like arguing with people . 
  i find it relaxing . 
   you will see a lot of these people going back to their usual life . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i 'm not willing to bet in favor of erdogan behaving intelligently given he seems to have built a 15 year career on amassing power and never releasing any of it . 
  i copied and pasted the article due to the paywall . 
   you make it sound like it is a crazy conspiracy theory when in fact america is known to have toppled democratically elected around the world when it suited them . 
  so , really , i would be suspicious as well if i were erdogan . 
  considering he has a clearer view on the geopolitic struggles atm , he might have solid reasons to think america is behind this . 
  erdogan is trying to pressure the us into not reacting to avoid looking guilty . 
  its an early meme/joke . 
   claiming that the argument is a case of godwins law is bullshit if the comparison is actually appropriate . 
  i guess we 're both right . 
  yes but its easier to just avoid it by pointing out senator palpatine . 
   yes , i am but i just cant help it when the beacon of freedom and democracy does things like in guantanamo bay , which obama was going to close it . 
  8 years later its still open and the detainees havent got a trial .
