  this was a forcible gang rape organized by text message . 
  that sort of thing is a level of premeditation and organization beyond a simple crime that can be `` learned '' from by a single perpetrator who might have possibly made a genuine mistake . 
  this sort of jail sentence makes sense for a situation like what the head of wikileaks was accused of . 
  it does n't make sense for gang rape . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9664255  factors associated with recidivism in 86 men convicted of rape were studied . 
  these men had been out of prison for up to 12 years ( mean , 7.6 years ) . 
  the majority of the men had been assessed in a sexual behaviors clinic of a general psychiatric hospital at the time of their conviction . 
  almost 50 percent of the group had committed some offense by the fifth year out of prison . 
  they re-offend pretty frequently . 
  similarly , this is n't like it was a one-on-one encounter where there could be some argument for some level of miscommunication . 
  this was a forcible gang rape organized by text message . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9664255  factors associated with recidivism in 86 men convicted of rape were studied . 
  these men had been out of prison for up to 12 years ( mean , 7.6 years ) . 
  the majority of the men had been assessed in a sexual behaviors clinic of a general psychiatric hospital at the time of their conviction . 
  almost 50 percent of the group had committed some offense by the fifth year out of prison . 
  they re-offend pretty frequently . 
  similarly , this is n't like it was a one-on-one encounter where there could be some argument for some level of miscommunication . 
  this was a forcible gang rape organized by text message . 
  their job is to function outside the country to gather intelligence on foreign parties . 
  your spies are not supposed to operate domestically . 
  that is what you have national police forces with counterintelligence capabilities for . 
  why do you think security service/mi5 is different than the other branches of uk intelligence ? 
   banking compliance is my area of speciality , specifically with respect to trading . 
  ; the one i 've been working for in two different countries now . 
  so ... i 'm curious ... what do you do when the checks & balances fail and someone does something genuinely wrong to the point your bank writes an apology letter and cuts a check ? 
  so far , as far for the ones i 've dealt with , people shrug it off and go about their business like a 6 figure theft on `` accident '' is a non-issue . 
  a normal person would go to jail for `` accidentally '' stealing 6 figures worth of assets and selling them to a 3rd party . 
  yeah as much as i hate the prison sentences in the us for relatively minor offenses , i think this is one of those situations where an extended sentence is justified . 
   ( and if you really want to send hot pics , use self-destructing messages ! ) . 
  there is no such thing . 
  yeah . 
  i never said trump was being screwed by the media . 
  he is using them quite effectively unfortunately . 
   and yeah , in the us money = = media coverage . 
  trump kinda hacked that process by being so outrageous he got tons for free . 
  so its really quite similar . 
  if she is honest , she wo n't have the money to make it past the primaries . 
  are you sure you are n't an american ? 
  or y' know , they are scared they are next to be purged if they refuse . 
   people uniting against g\u00fclen and his maniac cult followers = / = people liking erdo . 
  his approval rating is a measure of how much they like him , not their opposition to gulen . 
  that would be gulen 's disapproval rating . 
  if i visited turkey i 'd be in one . 
  does that count ? 
   in my defence , that organization jailed innocent people from secular groups . 
  that and erdogan 's party is losing power and voterbase with these purges so win-win for me . 
  you are aware suspending and/or imprisoning people on `` accusations '' could literally apply to anyone , including secularists , right ? 
  i can accuse you of all sorts of shit , does n't make it real . 
  as long as it is n't clearly partisan , these flairs are funny :p i did like sexit tho . 
  10 % of them are under 13 and i 'm pretty sure they can screen that pretty well . 
  so i would n't be surprised if overall , it was 5-10 % of the people going missing . 
  hush . 
  some days a shit post is funny enough it gets a pass . 
  yeah but it never would have gotten this bad if they did n't have a substantial market of people who wanted to be lied to . 
   and that 's the origin of the deterioration of journalism ? 
  you do realize in the us the alt-right is ~ 10 % of the market ? 
  and we have a several partisan outlets that make up about half ? 
  but yeah , long ago they realized catering makes money so they deteriorated . 
  the decline in ethics is all about money and the fact its harder to make money when you have people willing to lie to cater to people . 
  yeah but he deleted it so idk, 
   the daily show was n't 100 % on every issue , but journalism is pretty fucked if it gets beaten by that kind of production when it comes to the accuracy of information that reaches the consumer . 
  the sad part is that it 's a one hand washes the other kind of deal , so the involved parties are pretty far from complaining . 
  it 's democracy that suffers , not business . 
  yes . 
  john oliver and samanatha bee make pretty effective successors . 
  its sad but a large portion of our news is really just infotainment or biased . 
   what exactly are they not allowed to say in public that these outlets can ? 
  they advocate for all white communities on the internet because irl it gets strong negative reactions . 
  the white nationalist types . 
  it used to be better but yeah , these days , they are all pretty bad . 
  lol . 
  they used to be called out as white nationalists but they were around , i assure you . 
  alex jones & friends started running this stuff in 1996 . 
  google it if you do n't believe me . 
  you do realize the guy i was responding to was just being silly and so was i , yeah ? 
  take a breath . 
  i still love you < 3, 
   the rise of the internet has led to death of journalism . 
  the lack of actual journalism is i believe a seriously causative factor in the rise of radical left/right in both europe and the usa . 
  the us its the right of the alt-right news outlets and the 24/7 disinformation they spread . 
  they started growing in the 90s as an outlet for closet white nationalist types who could no longer say that shit in public . 
   wasting my bloody time on something that 's not even a draft . 
  kys op y' know , the point of warning you before its law is so you can do something about it you pussy . 
  pretty much . 
  yep . 
  i used to use a couple french hosting companies for not-so-insubstantial sum but it looks like i 'll have to drop them with stuff like this . 
  i have an image search engine of sorts i was hosting with them . 
   while i agree that having children work is deplorable , i 'm going to play devil 's advocate . 
  ultimately , the flaw in playing devils advocate with this sort of thing is its basically a form of colonialism where , instead of having slave/child labor at home , you export the practice to ( insert country ) . 
  its the same evil , just out of sight . 
  that sounds like a frustrating task . 
  good luck . 
  yeah i 'm not trying to attack you personally , i just wanted to be clear that hamas is very much able to operate in turkey . 
   fwiw , you are right about the rest imo . 
   true . 
  the government supported them until the agreement with israel , now they 're expelled from turkey and all support to them is cancelled . 
  that is n't quite correct . 
  http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2016/07/hamas-reaction-turkish-israeli-agreement-restore-ties.html  while turkey insisted that the deal with israel not include a clear reference to driving hamas leaders and members residing in turkey out of its territory , the agreement stressed that hamas will not be allowed to plan and carry out acts of hostility against israel from turkey . 
  israeli daily yedioth ahronoth posted an article june 27 including the names of hamas leaders active in turkey . 
  turkey remains a safe haven for hamas and its agents , they simply can not get official government support , buy weapons , or otherwise make preparations for hostile actions against israel .
