  yes . 
  and destabilizing turkey does nothing for us . 
  the problem here is you keep insisting we did it without coming up with a motive . 
  hint : fucking over turkey pushes them towards russia and makes it harder for us to attack our enemies in the region . 
  we have 0 % interest in this unless turkey attacked israel or something else insane . 
   yes but that is only after many years and when you have to publish documents due to that certain law you guys have . 
  i have people seen denying involvement of the us in overthrowing the mossadeq government of iran until a couple of years documents were published acknowledging cias involvement . 
  you are confusing a handful of ignorant people with the population at large . 
  at the time , the us was literally calling mossadeq a monster on par with stalin or hitler who needed to be removed . 
   whether us taking the gulen 's side or not will be decided if they refuse to extradite gulen with the submitted evidence . 
  the problem is the submitted evidence is hearsay and speculation gained by torture . 
  it is n't legally admissible or binding in a us court for an extradition hearing . 
  they 'd need a literal recording of gulen giving orders . 
   purging g\u00fclenists is the only good thing erdo\u011fan has done in his life ( even tho he is a big part of the reason why they need to be purged in the first place ) you mean he created a problem and then fixed it ? 
  i 'm not sure i can call that an accomplishment . 
   vast majority of us prisons are still state owned . 
  the labor pool is pimped out to campaign donors . 
  fyi . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/09/prison-labor-in-america/406177/  more than a century later , our prison labor system has only grown . 
  we now incarcerate more than 2.2 million people , with the largest prison population in the world , and the second highest incarceration rate per capita . 
  our prison populations remain racially skewed . 
  with few exceptions , inmates are required to work if cleared by medical professionals at the prison . 
  punishments for refusing to do so include solitary confinement , loss of earned good time , and revocation of family visitation . 
  for this forced labor , prisoners earn pennies per hour , if anything at all . 
   over the decades , prison labor has expanded in scope and reach . 
  incarcerated workers , laboring within in-house operations or through convict-leasing partnerships with for-profit businesses , have been involved with mining , agriculture , and all manner of manufacturing from making military weapons to sewing garments for victoria 's secret . 
  prison programs extend into the services sector ; some incarcerated workers staff call centers . 
   like you intended to kill castro ? 
  how many times did you guys not try to assassinate the man ? 
  heck even supported a coup that failed on the bay of pigs in cuba . 
  yes but literally * everyone * agrees we intended to kill castro . 
  its not like we are great at hiding this stuff . 
  i think you are missing the point here ... 1 ) if we wanted to kill erdogan , we would try an absurd number of times . 
  2 ) everyone would know it was us . 
  we are n't subtle folks over here . 
   i know , we have seen how you guys were best buddies with saddam when it suited your interests and then killed him with lies on wmd 's . 
  hey at least now we have isis thanks to that invasion . 
  the point was , if we intended to kill erdogan , we would have done so . 
  we have n't done anything like that with turkey , at all , since the cold war ended . 
   well , if christian churches start producing assassins , i 'm all for shutting them down . 
  in the us , right wing terrorists identifying as christian have killed alot of people . 
  just fyi . 
   party leaders were in prison until recently , and on of their members is in prison for murder ( executed with the graces of the party 's leadership , of course ) . 
  yeah but that is putting them in jail for commit crimes , not speaking . 
   did n't say that they were . 
  i mentioned islam because that 's the problem right now . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/06/12/islamic-terrorism-accounts-for-few-recent-mass-shootings-but-also-some-of-the-deadliest/ http://www.datagraver.com/case/people-killed-by-terrorism-per-year-in-western-europe-1970-2015 did y' all shut down catholic churches in previous decades when it was catholic on protestant violence ? 
   you see , that 's a very dangerous power to have as it can be misused extremely easily . 
  if i have to choose between various freedoms and safety , i choose the former . 
  then you should n't be in favor of shutting down religious institutions that just happen to have a crazy person or two in them . 
   but not only that . 
  starting on july 16 , erdogan and his aides were all eyes and ears for signals from the united states , the world 's only power at which erdogan would flinch , barring perhaps russia since the plane crisis last year . 
  and what erdogan saw across the atlantic must have been very alarming . 
  whether his july 19 phone call with president barack obama bore on his anxiety is unknown , but ankara clearly perceived a threat from the united states . 
  its bluntest expression came in a headline in the staunchly pro-government yeni safak , which trumpeted , `` the united states tried to kill erdogan ! '', 
  --  having pinned the united states at the origin of the threat , erdogan quickly realized he can not face the challenge with the akp and his supporters alone , and moved fast to reposition himself in line with this sudden loss of power . 
  the cooperation ground he seeks with the opposition by engaging it along the narrative of `` defending democracy against coups '' is in fact an effort to stand against that external threat . 
  his trip to russia for talks with president vladimir putin , scheduled for aug. 9 , is a product of the same effort . 
  yeah , sorry , bullshit article loses its credibility when it prints stuff like that . 
  i do n't think you understand how the us works . 
  we do n't have any trouble killing people and removing them from power and will try to do so as many times as required . 
   why would he do a self-coup ? 
  he is already the president of the country . 
  the largest party in the parliament is the one he led before he became president . 
  the coup has only brought death and damage . 
  and the opportunity to eliminate his enemies from holding political power while amassing more for himself . 
   everyone just stop bitching brazil . 
  the demands from the olympic committee are just insane and clearly some athletes have unrealistic expectations about the games . 
  brazil * asked for it * . 
  its not like someone held a gun to their head . 
   but what if a demagogue starts preaching war ? 
  i am for fighting speech with speech and not with censorship , or any other authoritative way , but i 'm also for being pragmatic . 
  well in the us ... you 'll notice that happens alot with our politicians . 
  we do n't censor them . 
   i find myself somewhere in the middle . 
  we should n't prosecute people for saying hateful stuff in public , but we should shut down mosques that spread jihad . 
  what about political parties that create right wing extremists that kill people ? 
  or christian churches ? 
  i hate to be the one to tell you this but terrorists are n't limited to islam . 
  you also do n't seem to realize something very important : https://www.europol.europa.eu/sites/default/files/publications/lone_actor_attacks_-_recent_developments.pdf  although is has claimed responsibility for the latest attacks , none of the four attacks seem to have been planned , logistically supported , or executed directly by is , according to the information available at europol . 
  the allegiance pledge by the perpetrators of the orlando , magnaville and w\u00fcrzburg attacks indicates they were is supporters but their actual involvement in the group can not be established . 
  moreover , there is currently no evidence to suggest that the nice attacker considered himself a member of is . 
  you are n't going to stop these people short of completely blacking out the internet to prevent their access to isis ( and other extremist ) propaganda . 
  you 'd need complete state control of the internet , media , and religious organizations to achieve your goal . 
  it is kind of scary you do n't realize that and think shutting down a couple mosques is going to work . 
   this seems to me a very reasonable position . 
  freedom of faith and speech is critical to a functional democracy lest a minority be silenced . 
  considered is not invoked . 
  invoking is invoking . 
   * perceived to be safe . 
  well they are as safe as the euro itself . 
  if germany defaults , the euro is dead anyway . 
   a lot of turks think that elements within the us state apparatus had a hand in the putsch attempt , they cite the article where the cia is defending gulen , a fuel tanker going up from heavily us staffed airbase in incirlik , 3 out of the 5 putsch brigades were from natos ast response team , us journalist citing us military source that erdogan fled to germany during the putsch attempt and this was spread by the us massmedia without validating and verifying it first . 
  then , the fact that us waited hours before it came with a support for the democractically elected government of turkey . 
  foremost , the prime suspect is still residing in the us . 
  all of these fuel anti-us feelings amongst turks from all colors and ranks . 
  o.o seriously ? 
  1 ) the us media does n't verify shit . 
  2 ) we would have shot down erdogan 's plane . 
  https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4vizaj/turkey_threatens_to_back_away_from_refugee_deal/d5zhb4e that is alot more likely than the us beind behind it .
