  according to j\u00f6rg spenkuch , an economist at northwestern university , increased immigration may have been associated with a barely statistically significant uptick in property crime , but crunching the numbers turns up `` essentially no correlation between immigrants and violent crime '' . 
   indeed , robert sampson , a sociologist at harvard , has found that `` increases in immigration and language diversity over the decade of the 1990s predicted decreases in neighborhood homicide rates in the late '90s and up to 2006 . '', 
  an eight-year study of violence in chicago led mr sampson to conclude that mexican immigrants are less prone to violence than native-born americans , whites or black , of comparable age and socio-economic status . 
  in recent years , el paso , texas has had the lowest murder rate of any american city with a population of 500,000 or more , despite sitting directly across the rio grande from juarez , a mexican city plagued with horrific gang violence . 
  other metropolitan magnets for new arrivals from south of the border , such as san diego , san antonio and phoenix , are similarly pacific . 
  `` cities of concentrated immigration are some of the safest places around , '' mr sampson observes . 
   these patterns are reflected , as one would expect , in data on incarceration rates . 
  white men born in america are twice as likely to end up in prison as men born abroad , while american-born black men are many times more likely to land in jail than their immigrant counterparts . 
  as a general matter , individuals with less education are more likely to get locked up . 
  nevertheless , immigrants from el salvador , guatemala and mexico , who tend to be relatively unschooled , are put behind bars at lower rates than white americans who did n't make it to graduation . 
  in fact , american white guys with high-school diplomas are more likely to get tossed in the can than guatemalan or honduran fellows without them . 
  tbh , it is kind of funny how similar you and donald trump are . 
  any chance you 'll take him off our hands and elect him as pm of the uk ? 
  thanks . 
   but that does n't mean i want us to withdraw from nato or refuse to support our allies . 
  that 's utterly ridiculous . 
  i do n't want isolationism like trumpists wants . 
  exactly . 
  simply because you agree with one or two facets of what he says does n't make you an isolationist who is ready to invalidate the treaty if you do n't get what you want . 
   finland is as stable as a rock and has a slow news cycle so we always rely on watching others . 
  : / how hard is it to learn finnish if trump gets elected ? 
   a lot of americans who hate trump actually want this to happen , this is where trump got the idea . 
  the isolationists are trump supporters . 
   what 's the deal with those nato nuclear weapons anyway . 
  we have 22 of them in the netherlands . 
  most parties say they want them gone , former prime ministers wonder why they are still there , but the current government evades the topic and only mentions obligations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing nato has a nuclear sharing policy with countries that do n't have access to their own nuclear weapons , basically . 
  its a cold war legacy that persists because russia makes the nato allies in eastern europe nervous . 
  and as long as we have two parties , they wo n't allow that , 
   the comments are likely to be viewed with considerable scepticism in parts of europe -- and among some large financial firms -- since it is widely presumed that the rest of europe would only permit the uk to maintain its passporting rights if the principle of free movement of people is preserved as well . 
  this is highly controversial since one key factor that drove popular support for brexit was a desire to curb immigration . 
  folks , its pretty obvious the brexit folks have realized they can not follow through and are floating the idea they 'll allow free movement of people . 
  this is fucking hilarious . 
   the port 's operator , opal coast chambers of commerce , organised the marketing opportunity which involved 12 of its members speaking to representatives of the port of dover and local transport and tourism companies . 
   earlier reports had stated that the french were to market calais as `` britain 's new gateway '' sparked alarm that the port was attempting to take trade away from the kent port . 
   but jean marc puissesseau , president of the chamber , insisted that dover and the uk will benefit from the # 342 million which is being invested in developing facilities across the channel . 
  i did n't edit that post but okay . 
  70,000 to 100,000 and the us banks report back to ... the us , not london . 
  are you high ? 
  http://fortune.com/2016/06/24/london-brexit-jobs/  banks were big backers of remain it wo n't just be britain that is doing the leaving after the brexit vote . 
   a number of large companies , particularly banks , are likely to pack up at least some of their workers and move them out of london now that the u.k. has voted to exit the eu . 
  in all , the city that has long been considered the financial capital of europe could lose as many as 40,000 workers in the wake of brexit . 
   much of the exodus could come from the big u.s. banks . 
  foreign financial firms were some of the remain camp 's biggest backers , saying the consequences of voting to leave the eu would make london a less advantageous place to do business . 
  goldman sachs spent at least $ 500,000 helping to fund the remain campaign . 
  goldman has 6,000 employees in london . 
  it had n't said how many it may move out if the vote went for `` leave . ''  other banks have been more upfront in saying that they would have at least some of their staff exit london . 
  last week , morgan stanley said it would relocate as many as 1,000 workers if the u.k. was to leave the eu . 
  morgan stanley now says it has no definite plans to relocate workers . 
  j.p. morgan chase , prior to the vote , said it was likely to move 4,000 employees out of europe . 
  but on friday morning after the vote , dimon said jpmorgan was committed to keep a large staff in london . 
  still , he said j.p. morgan is likely to move at least 1,000 people out of london . 
  --  bank analysts at keefe , bruyette & woods have estimated that the big u.s. banks allow could move just over 7,200 workers outside of london . 
  what 's more , lloyds of london , the insurance firm , has said that a material number of the 34,000 employees in the insurance industry could be moved out of the u.k. pricewaterhousecoopers estimates that brexit could cost between 70,000-100 ,000 financial services jobs by 2020 . 
  that is also meaningless . 
  the owner of the building would want a big name like citi on it as long as they did n't shut the office down completely . 
  that is the point . 
  they can have an office in london with 100 people and you 'd call it success . 
  the fact they used to have 1000 people operating out of london before brexit would be completely lost on you . 
  welp . 
  sounds like erdogan staged the whole business the more its discussed . 
  `` hey , i 'm going to do this thing that is suicidal if the coup had any air support '' heh . 
  good thing they do n't . 
   ok , then 1st : it 's not `` benefiting '' , it 's `` covering the cost '' . 
  benefiting make it sound like we are making a benefice out of it , which we are not . 
  having a major port of entry for goods & people with the costs covered by other people is a serious economic benefit . 
  the only banks hq 'd in london are british . 
  they wo n't close their uk branches , just scale back to fractions of their former size . 
  your bet is stupid and shows how you completely misunderstand the situation . 
   london has nothing to fear . 
  it has no remotely comparable rivals in europe . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-finance-cities-pounce-on-london-after-brexit-vote-1467345602  following the u.k. 's vote to quit the european union , london 's position as the continent 's premier financial center is under threat , and officials in paris , frankfurt and dublin are n't wasting time in trying to hasten its downturn . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/e90885d8-d3db-11e5-829b-8564e7528e54.html  jamie dimon , the outspoken jpmorgan chief executive , could not be clearer about the upheaval he thinks the city of london would suffer outside the eu . 
   speaking to the financial times , mr dimon warns of a `` massive dislocation '' to the financial hub that would reverse decades of growth for international banks in london and scatter them across europe and the rest of the world . 
   he fears that uk-based banks would no longer be able to sell services throughout the bloc if britain left the eu . 
  his own bank would scale down its london operations and set up elsewhere : `` if we ca n't passport out of london , we 'll have to set up different operations in europe . '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/property/uk/singapore-bank-halts-london-mortgage-lending-following-brexit/  london 's residential property market suffered a further blow overnight as a major singaporean lender said it would temporarily halt lending against homes in the capital . 
   united overseas bank is singapore 's third-largest lender and in recent years has been a major provider of mortgages against british properties . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36864273  britain 's decision to leave the eu has led to a `` dramatic deterioration '' in economic activity , not seen since the aftermath of the financial crisis . 
   data from ihs markit 's purchasing managers ' index , or pmi , shows a fall to 47.7 in july , the lowest level since april in 2009 . 
  a reading below 50 indicates contraction . 
  the us banks are threatening to scale down the uk operation and move elsewhere , your third largest mortgage lender suspended lending indefinitely , and the other financial centers of europe and circling like sharks . 
  sure , it 'll `` survive '' but it wo n't survive in a form that is as profitable as it is now . 
   if you have a few minutes , open wikipedia and put a few of us biggest media corporations , and read who owns them or who is their ceo . 
  you have strange over-representation of some nation . 
  the owners of the three largest news organizations are not jewish . 
  so ... you are clearly off your medication . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rupert_murdoch  asked if there is any truth to recent press describing his newfound piety , murdoch replies : `` no . 
  they say i 'm a born again christian and a catholic convert and so on . 
  i 'm certainly a practising christian , i go to church quite a bit but not every sunday and i tend to go to catholic church -- because my wife is catholic , i have not formally converted . 
  and i get increasingly disenchanted with the c of e or episcopalians as they call themselves here . 
  but no , i 'm not intensely religious as i 'm sometimes described . '', 
  https://www.21cf.com/news/21st-century-fox/2016/roger-ailes-resigns-chairman-and-ceo-fox-news-channel  rupert murdoch will assume the role of chairman and acting ceo of fox news channel and fox business network . 
  he owns a good third of the media . 
  ( e.g. 
  fox news , many newspapers ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeff_bewkes he is n't jewish and runs timer warner which owns about a good third of the media . 
  ( cnn , etc. ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippe_dauman he runs viacom who owns a good chunk of the rest . 
  he is protestant and was married in a protestant church . 
  http://www.kentnews.co.uk/home/french_say_calais_expansion_plans_will_benefit_dover_1_2023725  funds are expected to come from eu cash , borrowing and the facility 's owners who are the nord pas de calais regional council . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-33267137  in august 2015 , the uk and france a fresh agreement on new measures in calais , including a `` control and command centre '' and the deployment of 500 extra british and french police .
