  erdogan is clearly a problem . 
  this sort of behavior is similar to the claims putin was making before he started `` liberating '' people . 
  he 'll wait for a moment of a weakness and strike . 
  tbh , with trump running for president i ca n't really blame you for wanting nuclear bunkers . 
  no idea tbh . 
  my knowledge of this stuff comes from tv . 
  you have to cut it to avoid it being recognized . 
   none , they 're all unemployed and looking for work , you silly sausage . 
  but are they looking for agricultural work ? 
  'cause , at least around here , they are not . 
  how many teenagers do you know that pick fruit on orchards for 12 hours a day in the summer ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing , just answering the guy 's question :p, 
  yes . 
  they are probably going to get ~ 5 % of the claimed value at most . 
  its mobile so they could move it onto enemy ground but like , i 'm not sure they can even provide russia with 100 % coverage . 
  russia 's anti-air system is built to prevent that in theory . 
  in practice , i 'm not sure it can cover enough territory to prevent it . 
  * shrugs * if he chooses to stay he 'll end up in more putin propaganda pieces tho . 
  iceland he would actually have all his freedoms back , more or less . 
  why ? 
  lol . 
  you are really into this . 
  i hope the win enough power to give snowden asylum & citizenship . 
  idk how well they would run iceland but i think it would be nice to let that man who sacrificed as much as he has to get out of russia . 
  will you also make / r/turkey pay for a wall ? 
  / r/europe should build a wall and have / r/mexico pay for it :p ^ ^ plzitjoke, 
  the mods in / r/europe are already paid $ 0 per day on moderation . 
  they ca n't be underbid by some day laborer !, 
  y' all need to realize this whole thread was a joke at some point i 'd hope . 
  lol . 
  english is a horrible language . 
  i blame the british . 
  we had nothing to do with it . 
  we just inherited it . 
  curse you sir :p, 
  it was mostly a joke itt . 
  you do n't really think germany has been saving europe since 1914 right ? 
  i 'm a lost cause ? 
  indeed . 
  its okay . 
  our politicians have their head stuck up their own arse too . 
  eh , no one likes the us and we were saving europe * from * germany since 1917 . 
  you ungrateful sods then turned around and kissed their arse . 
   if you ca n't support your argument that nafta did anything good , why do you continue to assume that it was good ? 
  i have seen no proof that nafta provided real benefit to middle class americans , until i do see that proof i 'll continue to be skeptical of free trade deals like it . 
  you claim the stats used to study this sort of thing are irrelevant tho so i 'm not sure how you expect me to source anything at that point . 
   what goals are you talking about here ? 
  the goal was gdp growth . 
  that is the only goal of free trade policies . 
   also , i do n't believe the claim that the jobs will be lost eventually anyway is a good argument for getting rid of them right now . 
  that is still a decade ( ish ) of good income that those workers lost . 
  yes . 
  you want to screw everyone else so you can protect jobs for a few years , i get that . 
   you do know that this is a stat that can be studied , right ? 
  when i talk about nafta 's affects on purchasing power , this is specifically what i 'm interested in learning about . 
  since you seem to be implying that nafta and/or free trade would actually increase the purchasing power of a median person , i would like you to source your claim and provide a study that supports it . 
  i do n't think you can . 
  and you refuse to accept gdp is a valid measure which is part of the calculation to study that . 
  so i 'm not sure why you even bothered to try to make me sound ignorant when its clear you do n't even know that by negating the couple of things you already complained about makes it impossible to source literally anything in arguing with you because you simply do n't believe in modern economics . 
   if you ca n't support your argument that nafta did anything good , why do you continue to assume that it was good ? 
  i have seen no proof that nafta provided real benefit to middle class americans , until i do see that proof i 'll continue to be skeptical of free trade deals like it . 
  i did support it and you argued `` well economics is n't valid because i do n't believe in it . '', 
  so i tried to point out other things . 
  your argument essentially boils down to `` i substitute the reality in which economics exists with my own version of events . '', 
  the `` public pension '' in the us is constantly under the attack and slowly being strangled to the point of insufficiency for those under 50 ( unless literally none of the reform measures for it are adopted ) . 
  yes . 
  russia wants to be able to stand up to the us and you need nukes for that . 
  the us is able to run over pretty much any military in the world ( including russia 's ) . 
  the problem is , it ca n't handle insurgencies . 
  please point out a single post where i advocated bringing the jobs back . 
  i 'm simply criticizing the common perception that nafta was a great success . 
  it was a success for the goals nafta aspired to achieve . 
  you seem to want to pretend that was n't the case and insist it should have been focused on fixing your pet issue which is really a strawman when you should know those jobs were dead in a few years anyway . 
   i 'm not a proponent of sticking our heads in the sand and ignoring progress , i do however take issue with the argument that ' x jobs are going away in the long run so we should just ship them overseas now ' . 
  the longer those jobs are kept in the us , the more income goes to us workers ; if science eventually makes them obsolete , then so be it . 
  `` hey , everyone should pay more so a few people can keep their jobs . '', 
  that is literally sticking your head in the stand and ignoring progress . 
  you are not willing to accept that buying cheaper goods from canada & mexico also benefits the us as a whole . 
   would quite possibly have been a better outcome than what we got , and given that nafta is the closest proxy we have to the tpp , i do n't view it as reflecting positively on the tpp . 
  all that does is slow economic growth and weaken the sectors that the us will succeed at in the long term . 
  low tech manufacturing is literally the * only * thing the us loses in these agreements . 
  the rest of the economy is what matters given those jobs are dead anyway . 
   your entire post is about robot manufacturing and does n't address in the slightest my questions about nafta 's specific effects on median income . 
  yes , jobs are going away anyway due to progress , that does n't mean it 's impossible to try and study the effects free trade has on the economy . 
  free trade agreements are what i am skeptical of , not ` robots ' , and i 'm not sure why you 're so interested in conflating the two . 
  you ca n't study median income the way you want to . 
  median income does n't exist in a vacuum and you are confusing income with value . 
  if i can spend $ 10 and get $ 12 worth of goods , its just as good as my income going up to $ 12 and buying $ 12 worth of goods . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/ similarly , if you attempt to `` study '' it based on nafta its basically pointless since real wages have stagnated in the us since 1979 . 
  i get you want to believe this is n't the case and its the fault of nafta or whatever but the reality is ... once you hit the top , you kinda do n't go further until you drag the rest of the world with you . 
  the us did n't used to be on top which is why there was such an acceleration for so long that people look back and think about the `` good old days '' . 
  yeah , well , that effect stopped ~ 40 years ago when europe & japan fully recovered from ww2 . 
  go see my other reply to you then . 
  you do n't seem to understand manufacturing jobs at us labor rates per historical norms are being automated into extinction and the process began awhile ago . 
  robots are cheaper than us labor when the job is in the manufacturing sector . 
   do you think today 's youth are planning to retire ? 
  i 'll admit i was being a little hyperbolic in saying there is no benefit to me , but the benefits of gdp growth are drastically over emphasized compared to the statistics that really matter to me and people like me . 
  how young are you defining `` youth '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most people plan to retire at some point . 
  the ones that do n't , well , they end up on social security which is why its an important institution to maintain .
