  are you saying the regulated man can shit without a toilet clog ? 
  i 'm sold . 
  yeah . 
  its sort of how i feel about the us tbh . 
  i love my country but many things it does makes me shake my head in wonder . 
   very american it is nice to know the stereotypes for americans in lithuania . 
   the power of payer ? 
  basically the power of prayer , support networks , submission to god , etc. 
   the whole band is named after an american base . 
  it is one of the many sins [ amerika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr8ljrgcjnm ) is responsible for . 
   do n't whine how everything is fucked unless you 're doing something about it . 
  1 ) its cute how every time i acknowledge criticism , people think i do nothing about it even when research of any kind would tell them otherwise . 
  ( hint : you revel in your ignorance and are part of the problem . ), 
  2 ) there is the jesus version which is available on wikipedia . 
  2b ) the alternative is secular but yes it does ( oddly enough ) involve a combination of doing stuff about it , building a support network , etc. 
   nobody likes a defeatist and pessimistic attitude . 
  acknowledging you have a problem is the first step in any 12 step program . 
   i do n't even know what to retort :p as long as you got the joke :p, 
  i wish to be identified as fweedom . 
  i am fwee . 
  `` i 'm just glad op googled it instead of taking a picture with a phone . '', 
  ftfy . 
  just fyi . 
   but how will he survive now without that sweet sweet european mp money ? 
  farage has always survived on the delicate flesh of immigrants he hunts for sport ? 
  maybe it is just my simple colonist mind but that was my understanding of how he survived . 
   well i already have 4 responses on this very comment that it 's all not true and it 's all the eu 's fault anyway . 
  i 'm uncertain why you oppose the rise of albion and camelot . 
  do you feel king arthur is not the hero everyone has said ? 
  he pulled the sword from the eu . 
  clearly , the eu should not have left the sword there if they did not want him to pull it out . 
   that song trashes the us though . 
  to be fair , we kinda deserve it . 
  :p we 've fucked up * alot * of shit . 
   it is n't germany and france both restricted freedom of movement in the 90 's when they were worried about mass immigration from poland who had just joined . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_enlargement_of_the_european_union#poland a ) it was 2004 . 
  b ) you are ignoring the practical difference of entry vs. exit . 
  ( i.e. 
  the political impact of giving in because someone stomps their feat and threatens to quit is different than the impact of entry conditions . ), 
   the electorate has made it clear it is unacceptable to them that trading people can be a part of the deal , so compromise has to be less destructive than political stonewall . 
  lolno . 
  just because you change your mind does n't mean the other countries in the eu have to change their minds . 
  they are under no obligation to cooperate and they honestly should n't . 
  freedom of movement is critical to the eu 's function and permits labor mobility which is a fundamental economic good . 
  the uk simply is n't worth giving that up or implying the eu can be blackmailed by a member state into surrendering it . 
   surely though , it 's still preferable to trade just goods , services and capital , than it to trade nothing at all right ? 
  ( it has to be , i mean , just look at the markets coming down around everyone 's ears . ), 
  from an economic perspective , maybe . 
  but the loss of the freedom of movement ( i.e. 
  the implication the eu can be blackmailed into surrendering by a single member state ) would be too politically destructive to be tenable . 
  there are a number of ww2-related sites that are worth the once in a lifetime visit . 
  same reason i go to battlefields/museums/etc about the civil war , really . 
   i mean , i still blame cameron for promising the referendum in the first place , but i do n't blame him for resigning . 
  yeah but ultimately cameron 's hand was forced by elements within his own party . 
  cameron thought this was a compromise that would safely get them off his back . 
  i do n't think cameron honestly thought brexit would pass . 
  http://www.vox.com/2016/6/28/12033390/brexit-david-cameron-fault  cameron 's 2005 pandering , which he repeated several times before his ascension to the premiership in 2010 , illustrated cameron 's approach to the euroskeptics : appease them . 
  whether out of partial agreement or crass political calculation , cameron concluded that courting euroskeptics , rather than confronting them , was the best way for him to gain and hold on to power . 
  if cameron had n't done that , someone else would have and ended up in control of the premiership and the same thing would have happened . 
  if its any consolation ... brexit has succeeded where ww2 failed . 
  france is now an ally of germany and opposed to the uk . 
  tbh , i 'm pretty sure this is all an attempt to discredit soldiers who realized the coup had no chance of success and was staged . 
  so when the greeks come out with interviews from them stating that people in turkey wo n't believe it . 
  the independent has received some awards for its coverage in the past 20 years . 
  so i sort of get why its around even if it went downhill after the russian bought it . 
   he was going on about `` combating the ` parallel government ' ( g\u00fclenists ) '' for two years prior . 
  they were already throwing ppl out of the civil service or sending ppl to useless posts in the same time frame . 
  pretty much everyone following the news knew that the upcoming high military council meeting that was supposed to happen around august ( coup was in july ) was going to start cleansing the military . 
  when a doctor gives you cancer and then makes you pay for the cure , we call that blackmail . 
  it is nice when evidence matches suspicion . 
  the generals that supposedly were the masterminds of the coup did . 
  i 'm not aware of any of them actively commanding the coup in any capacity however . 
  good luck , sir . 
  you need it almost as much as we do . 
  life we reversed voter disenfranchisement and protected the voting rights act ? 
  sure , given a long enough timescale you are correct but in the next 5 years its unlikely . 
  once you get the freight train moving in the wrong direction its a decade long process to fix it . 
  you nailed it far better than i. , 
  lol, 
  spell it out then . 
  yes, 
   i dumped trump long ago . 
  i have my own reasons for it but trump had to win . 
  its complicated . 
  ah the `` i defend trump on reddit and post in / r/t _ d but i 'm not really a supporter '' gambit . 
  yeah , that is a bold move cotton but its an admission we both know the same thing . 
  so idk if you are russian or just not thinking things through . 
  good point !, 
  are n't those also russian pastimes ? 
  bannon is an-cap . 
  goldman sachs . 
  gop strategist . 
  no true anarchist would have those 3 as his pedigree . 
  i just want to applaud your satire . 
  agreed and with president trump the eu needs to seriously attempt to step in as a peacekeeping force . 
  yep but if it happens its the eu 's job to come save us . 
   tbf even if he is putin 's lapdog it 'll still be years before the balance of power fully shifts and the us is no longer a superpower , by then the robots will control everything and miami will be under water my concern is ag sessions is basically the christian sharia law ag and thinks atheists ca n't hold office or be lawyers . 
  it is n't the status as a super power but a question of how much of a civil rights backslide we will have in the us with an ag that does n't mind the klan as long as they do n't murder anyone . 
  and that is just one of a number of picks of people with similar beliefs or people who drip corruption . 
  alot of damage can still be done to the us w/o losing its superpower status .
