   the comments , however cautious , were nonetheless striking because u.s. officials generally try to avoid offending turkey , whose help is considered crucial in battling the islamic state , the terrorist network that has grabbed parts of syria and iraq . 
  that obama went as far as he did indicates the serious concern within his administration about erdogan 's autocratic tendencies . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/07/19/gop-foreign-policy-divisions-on-full-display-in-cleveland/  president barack obama on tuesday appealed to turkey to uphold the `` rule of law '' as it investigates suspected plotters behind a failed military coup . 
  but the plea for restraint likely will fall on deaf ears , as turkish president recep tayyip erdogan presses ahead with a sweeping purge of turkey 's government , military , security services , and universities in the aftermath of last week 's putsch . 
   in a phone call to erdogan , obama reiterated his condemnation of a bid last week by a faction in the military to overthrow ankara 's elected government and praised the turkish people 's `` commitment to democracy , '' the white house said in a statement . 
  --  obama 's administration clearly supported erdogan and betrayed turkey . 
   i agree with everything you said the only difference is that you seem to think that the us did not take sides . 
  this is all bog standard responses to this sort of situation , neutral , and is essentially bet hedging statements that are common in pretty much all us foreign policy in dealing with its allies . 
  outright condemnation is rare and only used in situations where the us knows the other party will react reasonably in response . 
  this is not the case with turkey so relatively neutral statements are the norm . 
  1 ) gulen has n't been handed over to erdogan for an accident and/or execution . 
  if they were taking erdogan 's side , this would have happened . 
  2 ) the us did not provide any military aid to erdogan during the coup and/or suppress the coup . 
  3 ) obama did n't endorse erdogan . 
  if the us took sides , all three of these things would have happened . 
  i believe you . 
  erdogan is rounding up all the gulenists . 
  he is also rounding up anyone to the left of erdogan who he thinks he can get away with removing . 
  its the second part that is a major problem . 
  erdogan does seem to be reconsidering his desire to be a member of nato , yes . 
  i do n't think turkey as a whole is in favor of that . 
   of course it is , but it is not in obama 's interest playing the `` take over countries game '' with a member of nato is not in the us 's interest . 
  you do n't betray your allies and have allies in the future . 
  the us 's key foreign interests are built on a series of alliances with western europe , japan , south korea , israel , turkey , new zealand , canada , and australia . 
  betraying any of those countries is a disaster because the rest will question the value of the us 's friendship . 
  turkey is n't a minor power country with a limited alliance with the us . 
   there you go . 
  i know a lot of g\u00fclenists and they are all spineless , two faced and psychopathic . 
  it 's like evangelicals in america . 
  yes but i would n't support rounding up the evangelicals in america just because a few engage in terrorist acts . 
  guilt by association is a dangerous concept when its used to round people up en masse . 
   they have however infiltrated the turkish state and have hunted down many people , especially secularists , who were against them . 
  a prominent case are the ergenekon trials . 
  summary : military officers , journalists and opposition lawmakers , all alleged members of ergenekon , a supposed secularist clandestine organization , allegedly plotting against the turkish government were convicted by g\u00fclenist judges . 
  documents and other proof was provided by g\u00fclenist media and g\u00fclenist civil servants . 
  note that at that time they were erdo\u011fan 's closest allies . 
  yes and did that at erodgan 's behest with his active cooperation to eliminate their mutual enemies . 
   yeah i 've seen turks downvoted at this subreddit for trying to explain what g\u00fclenism is . 
  they just assume `` anti-erdo\u011fan '' = good . 
  what they know is until 2013 the two were best buddies . 
  no...anti-erdogan is good because they are both equally corrupt people . 
  erdogan post-coup has no counterweight to balance the scales and will be a substantial threat to the freedom & democracy of people in turkey . 
   there were hundreds of such cases . 
  for example this case in 2010 ( in turkish ) . 
  g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan were the closest allies then , so , even though many insisted ( and the article mentions it ) that it was the g\u00fclen movement that leaked the questions , the judiciary did nothing against them , because it helped both g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan . 
  then the whole system is corrupt and erdogan is simply eliminating potential competitors . 
   but is erdogan really purging the gulen related teachers/education staff ? 
  that 's the question some , yes . 
  its anyone who is n't loyal enough to erdogan at this point . 
  run tails . 
  https://tails.boum.org/ https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12126973 read that and the op link in that thread after you are running tails . 
   what you do n't understand is that erdogan is not opposed vocally today because gulenists did indeed try to fuck all of us in the ass and there is no self-respecting way of defending them that implies you identify as a person in turkey . 
  so i 'm going to be generous and assume that gulenists are 100 % of the people rounded up for the sake of argument for this first bit : the problem with simply rounding up all gulenists is its like rounding up all democrats . 
  its a political party and membership does not equal guilt and complicity in a coup . 
  you just do n't do that . 
  it does n't matter who you are . 
  there is a reason most democracies ca n't simply round up 5 figures worth of people on short notice ... you ca n't have a fair and just process if you do that on guilt by association . 
   i 'm pretty certain leftists and kemalists are put inside the same bucket for political purposes but it 's clear to me that the bulk is indeed the organization who was responsible for the coup . 
  this is basically an admission that it is n't all gulenists and erdogan is bypassing fair trials to remove all political opposition that he can get away with while he has support . 
  that should be frightening beyond description for anyone in turkey . 
  the fact you freely admit it and are willing to play the guilt by association game is a confusing juxtaposition . 
   rightfully so . 
  america had a hand in this via gulen . 
  1 ) requiring evidence before extradition is a pretty normal activity . 
  2 ) a military coup in turkey is n't in the us 's interests . 
  since the 1960s , whenever turkey 's meddlesome generals have seized power , turks have accused america of being responsible . 
  after the botched coup attempt on july 15th by a cabal of mid-ranking generals and junior officers , the old reflex appeared again . 
  turkey 's labour minister , suleyman soylu , declared that america was behind the attempt to overthrow the country 's islamist president , recep tayyip erdogan . 
  ( he vaguely cited the `` activities '' of unnamed american magazines as proof . ), 
  pro-government media outlets teemed with conspiracy theories . 
  in a column in yeni safak , a daily newspaper , aydin unal , an mp from mr erdogan 's justice and development party ( ak ) , suggested that american army officers took part in the fighting . 
  in previous decades such rants could be shrugged off . 
  but this time they are part of an increasingly severe diplomatic crisis . 
  the reaction from john kerry , america 's secretary of state , was uncharacteristically stiff . 
  in a phone call to his turkish opposite number , mevlut cavusoglu , on july 16th mr kerry said insinuations that america had played any role in the coup were `` utterly false and harmful to our bilateral relations '' . 
  speaking to an american news channel the following day , mr kerry warned mr erdogan against using the coup as an excuse to clamp down on his opponents . 
  a wide-ranging purge , mr kerry said , `` would be a great challenge to his relationship to europe , to nato and to all of us '' . 
  ak is not heeding his advice . 
  more than 7,000 people have been detained and thousands of judges and other bureaucrats purged . 
  at least 11 online news portals associated with the opposition have been shut down . 
  but the biggest source of friction is the presence in america of fethullah gulen , a cleric who leads a secretive muslim sect , and whom the turkish government accuses of masterminding the failed putsch . 
  since 1999 mr gulen has been living in self-imposed exile in rural pennsylvania . 
  for years , mr erdogan has accused the imam , a former ally in his battle to declaw the army , of seeking to topple his government . 
  the turks demand that america hand him over . 
  yet turkey has not formally requested mr gulen 's extradition ; the file , over 1,000 pages long , has yet to be fully translated into english . 
  western diplomats reckon it will be padded with outlandish , conspiratorial claims , and that federal prosecutors will throw it out . 
  mr erdogan would probably ramp up his anti-american rhetoric in response . 
  turkey 's prime minister , binali yildirim , has already warned that requiring `` evidence '' before booting out mr gulen would call america 's friendship with turkey into doubt . 
  that would be nothing new . 
  relations with america have seesawed ever since 1952 , when turkey became nato 's first mainly muslim member . 
  back then , turkey was prized as an ally against the soviet union . 
  today it is seen as a buffer between europe and the middle east , with its homicidal jihadists and millions of syrian refugees . 
  and continued access to turkey 's incirlik air-base is vital to the american-led war effort against islamic state ( is ) . 
  some western officials worry that turkey will seal off the base if america refuses to hand over mr gulen . 
  turkey 's relations with america were already strained by america 's support for the syrian kurdish militia groups known as the people 's protection units ( ypg ) . 
  the ypg are widely seen as the most effective force fighting is in syria , but they are closely linked to the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) , an outlawed guerrilla movement that has been fighting the turkish state for decades in the name of kurdish autonomy , and has carried out numerous terrorist attacks . 
  turkey views the ypg as terrorists too , and has repeatedly asked america to ditch them , only to be snubbed each time . 
  from the american perspective , turkey has never been fully committed to the war against islamist groups in syria . 
  for years , the americans have pressed turkey to do more to stop jihadist fighters slipping in and out of syria to join up with ( or carry out missions for ) is and other islamist groups . 
  it is in turkey 's own interest to do so .
