  they were making statements supporting something that actually happened and could happen again . 
  ( i.e. 
  communism was a real thing that existed . 
  nazis existed as well as did fascists . ), 
  so that is basically an admission i 'm correct . 
  such bans exist to protect the people in power against factual statements about reality that has happened in the past . 
  they are n't created to protect against conspiracy theories , such as emperor palpatine is real and planning to take over the world . 
   when hours worked and profession are taking into account the gap all but dissappears that is what you said . 
  its the same thing as basically saying the gap does not exist . 
  so no , you did n't acknowledge the gap exists by any rational use of the english language . 
   no he lies about those facts and figures , saying women are paid significantly less for the same job is a bare faced lie . 
  yes obama used that same lie , does n't make it ok . 
  it just means that one party in your country has such a shitty history of lying about statistics it ca n't call the other one out when it lies like that you really ca n't admit there is any gap at all can you ? 
  this is exactly my point . 
  you simply ca n't acknowledge the fact there is a consistent gap of some kind , even if obama and oliver picked the absolute largest number for their narrative . 
  that does n't mean they did n't mislead people . 
  that said , the fact you ca n't acknowledge a gap exists at all shows you really are n't interested in facts . 
   governing a country of uneducated populus is scary business . 
  you ca n't rely on reason . 
  once an idea takes hold , it might already be too late . 
  yes . 
  i think it explains alot about us politics too . 
   oh sorry , the first lie that irritated me was the gender wage gap , if we want to get pay parity we need to stop lying about the facts women are n't making 73 cents on the dollar because they are paid less for the same work , when hours worked and profession are taking into account the gap all but dissappears and we wo n't be able to work out how to make sure women end up in higher paying jobs till we stop lying about the issue https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/whats-the-real-gender-pay-gap/2016/04/24/314a90ee-08a1-11e6-bdcb-0133da18418d_story.html  after all the adjustments , the remaining 8-percentage-point unexplained gender gap could reflect discrimination , write blau and kahn , pointing to academic studies . 
  in one , when five symphony orchestras shifted to blind auditions , with candidates ' identities unknown , women 's success rates shot up . 
  in another study , men and women with similar r\u00e9sum\u00e9s applied for waitstaff jobs at high-priced restaurants ; women 's job offers were 50 percent lower than men 's . 
  yes john oliver lies like a politician lies , he uses numbers/facts you do n't agree with but that does n't make them blatant lies either . 
   wrong , it is controlled by the bbc trust and is funded by a tv license the bbc trust which is appointed by the queen on advice of her ministers ...  im honestly bored of amerifats running their mouths on things they know nothing about lol . 
   speaking to turkey 's kanal 7 tv station , mr bozdag said : `` just look at the people who are saying on social media that this was theatre . 
  public prosecutors are already investigating them . 
  most of them are losers who think it is an honour to die for fethullah g\u00fclen 's command . '' the only universe that statement makes sense is one where it was staged and any sunlight risks unraveling that fact . 
  if these people were genuinely conspiracy theorists disconnected from reality , there would be no need to react . 
  what did he lie about ? 
   i do n't know about that . 
  turkey government seem more interested in solving kurdish question rather than daesh one . 
  fair enough . 
  quite possibly . 
  what makes you think the british are n't already the sassiest ? 
  you should watch john oliver . 
   they are only willing to rule it out for no more than a year . 
  even despite all the post-coup fallout . 
  what makes you think it wo n't happen in the next 20 ? 
  i 'd say it 's overwhelmingly likely to happen within the next 24 months . 
  they are only delaying for a year to see what erdogan does . 
  if erdogan regained his senses . 
  remember that was posted 7/19 . 
   `` erdo\u011fan has to make concessions to us regarding the respect of the rule of law , and it does n't look like it is happening now , '' oettinger , the eu 's commissioner for the digital economy and society , told funke mediengruppe . 
  `` it is not possible to strip mps of their immunity to bully them . 
  it is not possible to intimidate journalists . 
  and it is not possible to withdraw thousands of unwanted judges from service . '' i 'm pretty sure if erdogan does n't start acting sensibly it 'll be delayed until he is out of power . 
   were there any judges allowed to keep their office after the purge ? 
  the ones who were in erdogan 's party and/or otherwise a good boy when erodgan issued commands . 
  erdogan seems to be on the road to replace the islamic state with his own brand of islam & under his authority , honestly . 
  erdogan does n't `` join '' anyone . 
  he simply lulls them into a false sense of security then slits their throat . 
  please , please keep them . 
  no one deserves to be treated like that . 
   are you fucking retarded ? 
  the government controls the police , did you even read the article . 
   they dont control the media ... you do n't realize the bbc is owned , funded , and controlled by the british government ? 
  seriously ? 
  what do you think that tv tax is ? 
  https://web.archive.org/web/20091009135601/http://www.bbc.co.uk/bbctrust/about/who_we_are/trustees/appointment.shtml  bbc trustees are appointed by the queen on advice from ministers . 
  when new trustees are needed the posts are advertised . 
  trustees are chosen on merit . 
  the process is regulated by the independent commissioner for public appointments . 
  its absurd to argue that the bbc is n't controlled by the government . 
  i 'm honestly kinda terrified at this point you feel comfortable calling me a retard when you do n't even know you are quoting a government source while simultaneously arguing it is n't a government source . 
  please go wallow in your ignorance elsewhere , i 'm done with you . 
   2 : the fact that trend is largely identical in two countries with similar culture would require an international conspiracy . 
  hmm , do you also feel the fact that gravity is basically identical in two countries is ... a conspiracy ? 
  or the study of psychology in general is largely identical ? 
  or statistics ? 
   1 : the academics reports are wrong because the data they used was tainted . 
  tainted in a way that is consistent with findings in other countries ... is odd . 
  you also ignored # 3 & # 4 , where the natural bias of the population ( given most voted to exit ) would be to undereport natives and overreport immigrants . 
   one lone whistleblower wont exist ? 
  if they were so powerful that they can sway the entire police force of the uk to lie about how many immigrants commit crimes ? 
  sure , they could kill a news article . 
  so your argument is me relaying what independent academics report is wrong because the police in multiple countries lie ? 
  1 ) that still makes the op 's argument still wrong because his police department is filled with people committing fraud . 
  2 ) the fact that trend is largely identical in two countries with similar culture would require an international conspiracy . 
  3 ) to specifically hide the actions of immigrants since the crimes are being reported at * relative * rates ... the quotes you 've provided do n't actually apply since they are n't under reporting immigrants specifically . 
  4 ) they would have to report immigrants substantially less often than they do the native english population . 
  given the bias that exists at the moment and the majority 's blaming immigrants , the reverse would be true in that they would specifically under report native born english population . 
  please , show me how this is the case across multiple countries and they are specifically under reporting immigrants . 
   we live in a post factual society - if the powers that be want reality to be immigrants not committing crime then that is what gets reported that bbc article you linked to would n't exist if they had the control you imply . 
  also , how would they exercise it in the us and the uk simultaneously solely to encourage immigration exactly ? 
   look at the names of criminals on my non-metropolitan , quiet county police wanted list . 
  there is a disproportionate amount of eastern european names and this can not be ignored as a factor . 
  this is the same anecdotal evidence people in the us use . 
  it does n't make it true . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html  a report by lse in 2013 found that crime actually fell significantly in areas that had experienced mass immigration from eastern europe , with rates of burglary , vandalism and car theft down since 2004 . 
   the research concluded that there was `` no causal impact of immigration on crime ... contrary to the ` immigration causes crime ' populist view expressed in some media and political debate '' . 
   a 2008 report for the association of chief police officers found that national crime rates have continued to fall despite rising net migration over a number of years . 
   the research found that offending rates among polish , romanian and bulgarian communities were in line with the general population . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/apr/28/immigration-impact-crime  places that had attracted large numbers of eastern european immigrants enjoyed a `` significant fall in property crime '' , a category of offence that also includes theft and shoplifting . 
  the report , to be published later this year in harvard university 's review of economics and statistics , also found that the relationship between the arrival of thousands of foreigners and levels of violence was `` close to zero and insignificant '' . 
  and it is n't just the uk that has a political group making false claims that are easily refuted : http://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2015/07/immigration-and-crime  this is not to say that rising immigration caused crime to go down , though some criminologists think the two trendsare related . 
  no one knows for sure what combination of factors led to america 's happy slide in crime rates . 
  but there is little indication that the surge in immigration from the 1990s to the late 2000s , largely from mexico and central america , contributed to an increase , or retarded the decrease , in crime .
