  is has carried out several big terror attacks inside turkey , including the suicide-bombing in june of istanbul 's ataturk airport . 
  few doubt it will strike again . 
  ash carter , america 's defence secretary , makes no secret of his distaste for turkey 's president . 
  calls to replace incirlik with a base elsewhere in the region are growing louder in america 's congress . 
  meanwhile , mr gulen may threaten turkish stability , but nothing like as seriously as the jihadists both inside and outside the country . 
  turkey needs friendship with america more than ever . 
  instead , in a paroxysm of post-coup paranoia , mr erdogan is putting the entire alliance at risk . 
   an economical crisis would prove it . 
  do n't be dense read what i write . 
  the economy is cyclical and there will be regular crisis events . 
  stating that they happen is n't evidence of anything . 
  its accurately estimating their root cause and the chain of events that is required . 
   what has always been done to goods that are already manufactured in the country - import tax . 
  that was found to be a fundamentally bad thing . 
   `` ban all import/exports '' ... 
  if that is not a strawman i do n't know what is . 
  creating trade barriers sufficient to negate foreign labor pools is effectively that . 
  it is what you were advocating for . 
   what i find funny is that everyone seems to imply that wealth is 0 sum game and this transfer of wealth from the west to the east and the 0,001 % of the world is something that only benefits people . 
  the line of logic you are using in your post is the assumption wealth is a 0 sum game . 
  free trade is the assumption wealth is not a 0 sum game and that trade allows wealth to grow . 
   the current economic model is unsustainable and it will be seen for what it is when the next economical crisis hits . 
  how much money do you have to bet on this and what is the precise outcome that would prove its unsustainable ? 
  fair enough , maybe you will get lucky and be right ... you at least seem to realize the dichotomy and have a logical justification for it . 
  i hope your optimism is correct . 
   delusional . 
  this is due to the rampant globalization that directly transfers money out of the west to the developing markets , that allows for countries like china to buy bulk properties in the west rising prices to unfathomable levels and just keeping them without using . 
  stop blaming the old , the only thing they did by voting for brexit was reject the `` migrants are wonderful '' concept . 
  besides this is not local to the uk , but valid for every western economy that outsources heavily . 
  i 'm curious . 
  what practical , concrete steps besides leaving the eu do you expect them to take ? 
  in detail ? 
  migrants ( moving the labor force to your country to employ them ) and outsourcing ( employing a foreign labor force in another country ) are polar opposites btw . 
  so i 'm curious how you expect to do neither of these things and ban all import/exports with developing countries ? 
   and you 're confusing anti-coup with being pro-erdogan . 
  any military coup is worse than erdogan . 
  he has to go , but democratically . 
  at least he can go that way . 
  there 's no way of getting rid of a military junta . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980_turkish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_turkish_military_memorandum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960_turkish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat previous coups by the turkish military have consistently yielded to democratic authority within a few years . 
  i think you will find that erdogan will be impossible to remove democratically in the practical sense . 
  ( i.e. 
  his party will continue to retain power even if he `` retires '' until such time as a violent opposition resolves the conflict and/or it becomes clear that violent revolution will be lost by his party . ), 
  yep , its really sad to see this happen . 
  turkey used to be one of the bastions of sanity in the middle east . 
   i 'm just hoping that the sectors of the military that did n't support that last coup ... are now reconsidering and are more competent at coups . 
  anyone who was n't pro-erdogan was eliminated from the security services already . 
  yeah , i posted it as it lists off who is being forced to reign and from where . 
   the state-run anadolu news agency reports that turkey 's ministry of education has sacked 15,200 personnel for alleged involvement with a group the government claims is responsible for friday 's failed coup . 
   of the deans dismissed , 1,176 worked in public universities and 401 in private institutions . 
   the state-run anatolia news agency has reported that turkey 's family and social policy ministry has dismissed 393 personnel as part of the investigation into friday night 's failed coup . 
   the state-run anadolu news agency is reporting that turkey 's media regulatory agency has canceled all broadcast rights and licenses for any media outlets that are linked to or are supportive of the group the government holds responsible for friday night 's failed coup . 
   turkey 's deputy prime minister says dossiers containing details of activities of the u.s-based cleric accused of plotting the failed coup have been sent to the u.s.  turkey 's state run anadolu news agency reports that 257 people working at the office of the prime minister have been dismissed and their identification seized . 
   in a written statement released tuesday morning , the office of the general staff announced that all terrorist elements had been suppressed nationwide as of 4 p.m. sunday . 
   `` on the grounds of suspicion , he can be easily extradited . 
  we would like to see cooperation from the u.s. authorities on this issue . '', 
  that is fucking horrifying . 
   ` books maan , not guns ' is naive . 
  books you 're talking about are n't only classics . 
  i know because i attended one of them . 
  they were the best schools in many ways , but brainwashed a generation with islamic ideology . 
  i managed to survive , thanks to internet . 
  the pro-erdogan replacements will also teach islamic ideology . 
  there is this weird disconnect in the pro-erdogan secular posts in this subreddit that i ca n't put my finger on but they consistently make clearly contradictory statements . 
   what does 15,200 education staff have to do with an attempted military coup ? 
  its pretty clear erdogan has gone with the stalinist purge-all-levels-of-government-and-education playbook in response to the coup . 
  anyone who is n't a member of his party is going to end up purged . 
   it showed the deadly weakness of the seculars , who are now gone from the political scene ( in front or behind it ) and now the extremists are mopping up the leftovers . 
  i do n't think they are killing seculars because they are weak . 
  i think this is just a lone gunman . 
  if erdogan wanted that guy arrested , he 'd have been arrested . 
  i think the pro-erdogan islamists feel they have carte blanche and some of them probably are going beyond erdogan 's wishes to eliminate people they do n't like . 
  ( i.e. 
  a secularist who beat them in an election or someone they voted for in an election . 
  the present mayor was threatened by the previous mayor in the same party as well . ), 
   well , that 's all very good but unless you have evidence for this particular claim then the fact you 're having to resort to completely separate cases shows a weakness in your argument not its strength . 
  you 've claimed two logically opposed things as your evidence . 
  i 've established a pattern of behavior by a single individual and his supporters . 
   no you 're asking why someone who did n't think they 'd be caught did n't encrypt a list of names . 
  here 's a clue , they were n't planning on getting caught . 
  that 's no guarantee either of those names not being found out eventually once mit get their hands on the encrypted list . 
  actually , secure encryption that is unbreakable for years ( irl time ) is freely available as long as you use a strong passphrase . 
  so yeah , simply getting your hands on the list is n't some magical `` i get to decrypt it '' card . 
   you seem to have conveniently overlooked all of the other events which have no evidence linking them back to erdogan . 
  out of everything that happened in the attempted coup is there anything that shows erdogan orchestrated it , yes or no ? 
  given i do n't live in turkey , i have no actual hard evidence either way . 
  however , erdogan benefited the most from the coup and called it a gift from god . 
  http://www.timeslive.co.za/world/2016/07/16/turkish-uprising-is-a-gift-from-god-erdogan  erdogan appeared to accuse the coup plotters of trying to kill him , and promised to purge the armed forces which in the past have staged a number of successful coups . 
  `` they will pay a heavy price for this , '' he said . 
  `` this uprising is a gift from god to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army . '', 
  given he has been all about consolidating power in him personally , regardless of term limits or other restrictions ... yeah . 
  it seems more likely the guy that benefited the most after the fact is responsible . 
  erdogan has been caught fabricating evidence in the past . 
  http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/show-trials-on-the-bosphorus  sure enough , when i looked at \u015eirin 's court file , i was astounded . 
  the evidence against \u015eirin was not merely thin ; it was preposterous , as though it had been assembled by a group of schoolchildren -- or by a prosecutor who never imagined that an independent observer would examine it . 
  the central piece of evidence against \u015eirin was a fifteen-page transcript of wiretapped telephone conversations that \u015eirin had allegedly made to other ergenekon members . 
  yet nothing in the transcript appeared remotely criminal in nature ; many of the calls were to \u015eirin 's girlfriend . 
  and -- here 's the showstopper -- all of the recorded calls were made after his arrest . 
  when i asked a senior turkish prosecutor about it for my story , he told me , `` it 's not one of the strongest cases . ''  last week , a turkish court sentenced \u015eirin to seven and a half years in prison . 
  \u015eirin was convicted along with two hundred and fifty-seven other defendants , including some twenty journalists and three members of parliament .
