cool , just wanted to be sure i understood correctly . 
   thanks \\ ^ . ^, 
  the us healthcare system is badly broken by for-profit interests unfortunately . 
  you 've generally got several parties involved in the transaction each taking a cut . 
  we have the most expensive healthcare system in the world . 
  are those prices for a private or public hospital btw ? 
   trump is going to kill aca and epa , and impose tariffs , most of the other stuff is contradictory . 
  probably some sort of unfinanced tax cuts , those are popular too . 
  yes . 
  that is what he campaigned on . 
  wow . 
  that is cheap compared to the us ( $ 4500 usd average ) . 
   i imagine you 'd have to have some pretty serious health issues to get your health care costs at about 3-4k euros a year . 
  yeah . 
   .  let us just say i have conditions that might block me from access to health insurance in the us if aca is repealed and leave it at that . 
   thank you for your help . 
  correct . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/election/results/exit-polls trump won the 45 + crowd and hrc won the 44 and under crowd . 
  a certain percentage will die over the next 4 years from the 45 + crowd as it includes people in their 70s and 80s . 
  however , his demographic wo n't be truly out of power for another 16-20 years unfortunately . 
  it is n't until around 2040 where the sea changes should crush the gop if it the gop stays as-is . 
  `` pretty cheap '' as in most people are n't going to spend more than 3-4k euros in a year ? 
  you are doing god 's work my friend . 
   i somewhere read that pence might be trumps anti-assassination insurance . 
  no one would assassinate trump and risk pence happening . 
  same goes for political intrigue . 
  the gop would impeach trump to gain president pence . 
  he made a very poor choice if he thinks pence is insurance that keeps trump safe . 
   edit : can all the trump supporters stop messaging me telling me to `` kill myself '' and `` get raped by a muslim immigrant '' ? 
  i just want to apologize on behalf of my country . 
  are you certain of that ? 
  are you certain of that ? 
  are you certain of that ? 
   i do n't think so . 
  look what they accomplished following the first world war with attaturk . 
  they modernized and secularized and completely changed who they are and what they believe in as a country . 
  it 's hard to overstate how rare and difficult it is for a nation to do this historically . 
  a legacy the muslim half of their political parties has been dismantling for decades is the thing . 
  you are looking at 100 years and saying the first 50 they moved towards secularism . 
  that is true . 
  but that was before 1980 . 
   their `` ticket '' to the west was the eu and i think that europe rejected them because they are muslims , not `` white '' , and their history with europe . 
  europe was never going to accept them and i think they eventually realized this and said fuck it and now they are going back to the islamic world . 
  better to be a leader in the islamic world than a rejected beggar in the west . 
  they can not afford to be `` stuck '' in between and rejected by both , which is what was happening and what would continue to happen had they kept trying to be part of the west . 
  the problem with that logic is that turkey was actively competing and in conflict with greece by the time it applied to membership and secularism in turkey was weakening . 
  pretending turkey occupying cyprus around the time they started to integrate with europe and blaming it on racism is silly . 
  that invasion combined with their shift in politics towards what we say today made it harder and harder to justify integration in the eu . 
  similar with their claims the armenian genocide was n't a genocide . 
   there is a clear logic in it . 
  you can not try and lead the islamic world , or even significant parts of it , if you are actively friendly with the west or trying to be part of it . 
  turkey has been pivoting to the islamic world for decades now after they realized they would never become part of the west . 
  they had the opportunity and repeatedly refused to move in that direction . 
  they expected the west to come to them . 
  i 'm sorry man . 
  it really sucks your country is going through this . 
   well , you can request that information on anyone through a simple visit to the tax office so technically no one has a right to privacy . 
  i 've long since learned `` technically '' when it comes to privacy does n't really count . 
  in practical terms , its the public reveal with circulation that matters . 
   that does n't change the point , but that makes that bar much higher . 
  so ... you are in the top 5 % and you no longer have a right to privacy ? 
  still sounds like bullshit to me , tbh . 
   there has been a lot of arguments in favor of and against this annual circus . 
  the most common for defending this practice is that it allows us to monitor the earnings of the richest and this kind of transparency reduce the possibility of corruption . 
  it makes sense for people who hold public office to have this kind of scrutiny on their financials . 
  i think its nuts that `` $ 100k '' gets you revealed publicly in finland . 
  seriously ? 
   the basic logic is that the company after the merger or takeover would be more efficient and therefore provided the market is competitive this should lead to lower prices . 
  i have n't looked into empirical evidence for such a phenomenon in practice though . 
  just fyi , the reality is generally there are fewer competitors which increases market power which is generally abused . 
  in the us , they do this to create regional monopolies for instance which `` are not real monopolies '' according to the companies involved in these mergers . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/aug/13/julian-assange-cases-dropped-but-rape-claim-investigation-continues  the statute of limitations for an allegation of unlawful coercion and one case of sexual molestation expired on thursday ; another allegation of sexual molestation expires on tuesday . 
  the outstanding allegation of rape expires on 17 august 2020 . 
  yes , he managed to wait out the statute of limitations for some [ but not all ] of the cases . 
  and no , the last the rape charge is n't dropped until 8/17/2020 . 
   i am sincerely interrested ( not trying to have a fight ) , in someone putin forward the case that such people should not be put to death when their guilt has been 100 % proven like in the above case . 
  or the kind of people like that guy who raped his gf 's 5 month old kid to death , etc. 
  how are these people not monsters to be disposed of ? 
  there are a number of `` 100 % certain '' cases in the us where , years after the executions , people were found to be innocent . 
  life imprisonment is good enough of a solution . 
  tbh , in east asia , school is basically a 24/7 responsibility where they build their lives around it until they graduate . 
  its the exact opposite of what the op article says . 
   no matter how much people joke about trump 's wall most people agree something should be done about securing the border to mexico . 
   with all his other fault 's though trump is going to lose and there will be another four years of an open border between us and mexico . 
  http://www.nationalreview.com/article/424879/visa-overstays-todays-immigration-crisis-mark-krikorian  this is the most important -- albeit buried -- finding in a paper published this year by the center for migration studies , an expansionist outfit run by the scalabrinian catholic order that nonetheless does serious work . 
  co-authored by robert warren , head of statistics for the old ins , the paper finds that the share of overstays among new illegal aliens has been rising pretty steadily since the 1980s and surpassed border infiltrators in 2008 . 
  the paper 's most recent estimate is for 2012 , when nearly 60 percent of new illegal immigrants are believed to have entered legally on some sort of visa ( or visa-waiver status , if they 're from a developed country ) and then just stayed on after their time expired . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jun/14/illegal-immigrants-who-overstay-visas-almost-never/  illegal immigrants who overstay visas hardly ever caught , feds admit please do n't talk to me . 
  i 'm not interested in your `` feelings '' on a problem . 
  you mean bringing the empire back ? 
  no ty . 
  read up , why do i have to repeat myself ? 
   so just open your borders completely then ? 
  is that the advisable action in your opinion ? 
  lol . 
  i 'm assuming you just are n't even trying at this point . 
  that time when they allied themselves with hitler ? 
   so what ? 
  the first guy i shared an apartment with when i began my university studies was an egyptian master engineering student . 
  quite a smart fella , he worked/works at audi and continental in germany after graduating .
