  in preparation for the invasion , 100,000 u.s. troops were assembled in kuwait by 18 february . 
  [ 23 ] the coalition forces also received support from kurdish irregulars in iraqi kurdistan . 
  you need to get a sense of scale here . 
  `` invasion '' is a large force seeking to occupy a country and take full control . 
   any tangible evidence ? 
  and if this is indeed the case , then they do it to weed out the bad apples , not set up a conspiracy . 
  i do n't think you 're agencies are that inept so as to radicalize muslims unintentionally . 
  domestically ? 
  yeah there is quite a bit . 
  i 'd reply to the rest but i 've only got so much time . 
  i did n't say they were doing it unintentionally . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2009/us/03/20/fbi.muslim.groups/  the groups claim the fbi has sent undercover agents posing as worshippers into mosques , pressured muslims to become informants , labeled civil rights advocates as criminals and spread misinformation . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/12/04/ar2010120403710.html  in the irvine case , monteilh 's mission as an informant backfired . 
  muslims were so alarmed by his talk of violent jihad that they obtained a restraining order against him . 
   he had helped build a terrorism-related case against a mosque member , but that also collapsed . 
  the justice department recently took the extraordinary step of dropping charges against the worshiper , who monteilh had caught on tape agreeing to blow up buildings , law enforcement officials said . 
  prosecutors had portrayed the man as a dire threat . 
   compounding the damage , monteilh has gone public , revealing secret fbi methods and charging that his `` handlers '' trained him to entrap muslims as he infiltrated their mosques , homes and businesses . 
  he is now suing the fbi . 
  https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/07/21/us-terrorism-prosecutions-often-illusion  `` americans have been told that their government is keeping them safe by preventing and prosecuting terrorism inside the us , '' said andrea prasow , deputy washington director at human rights watch and one of the authors of the report . 
  `` but take a closer look and you realize that many of these people would never have committed a crime if not for law enforcement encouraging , pressuring , and sometimes paying them to commit terrorist acts . ''  the fbi often targeted particularly vulnerable people , including those with intellectual and mental disabilities and the indigent . 
  the government , often acting through informants , then actively developed the plot , persuading and sometimes pressuring the targets to participate , and provided the resources to carry it out . 
   rezwan ferdaus , for example , pled guilty to attempting to blow up a federal building and was sentenced to 17 years in prison . 
  although an fbi agent even told ferdaus ' father that his son `` obviously '' had mental health problems , the fbi targeted him for a sting operation , sending an informant into ferdaus ' mosque . 
  together , the fbi informant and ferdaus devised a plan to attack the pentagon and us capitol , with the fbi providing fake weaponry and funding ferdaus ' travel . 
  yet ferdaus was mentally and physically deteriorating as the fake plot unfolded , suffering depression and seizures so bad his father quit his job to care for him . 
   ahmed omar abu ali is a us citizen who alleged that he was whipped and threatened with amputation while detained without charge in saudi arabia -- after a roundup following the 2003 bombings of western compounds in the saudi capital of riyadh -- until he provided a confession to saudi interrogators that he says was false . 
  later , when ali went to trial in virginia , the judge rejected ali 's claims of torture and admitted his confession into evidence . 
  he was convicted of conspiracy , providing material support to terrorists , and conspiracy to assassinate the president . 
  he received a life sentence , which he is serving in solitary confinement at the federal supermax prison in florence , colorado . 
  https://theintercept.com/2015/03/16/howthefbicreatedaterrorist/  osmakac was the target of an elaborately orchestrated fbi sting that involved a paid informant , as well as fbi agents and support staff working on the setup for more than three months . 
  the fbi provided all of the weapons seen in osmakac 's martyrdom video . 
  the bureau also gave osmakac the car bomb he allegedly planned to detonate , and even money for a taxi so he could get to where the fbi needed him to go . 
  osmakac was a deeply disturbed young man , according to several of the psychiatrists and psychologists who examined him before trial . 
  he became a `` terrorist '' only after the fbi provided the means , opportunity and final prodding necessary to make him one . 
   in other recorded conservations , richard worms , the fbi squad supervisor , describes osmakac as a `` retarded fool '' who does n't have `` a pot to piss in . '' the agents talk about the prosecutors ' eagerness for a `` hollywood ending '' for their sting . 
  they refer to osmakac 's targets as `` wishy-washy , '' and his terrorist ambitions as a `` pipe-dream scenario . '' the transcripts show fbi agents struggled to put $ 500 in osmakac 's hands so he could make a down payment on the weapons -- something the justice department insisted on to demonstrate osmakac 's capacity for and commitment to terrorism . 
   the files , provided by a confidential source to the intercept in partnership with the investigative fund , provide a rare behind-the-scenes account of an fbi counterterrorism sting , revealing how federal agents leveraged their relationship with a paid informant and plotted for months to turn the hapless sami osmakac into a terrorist . 
  neither the fbi tampa field office nor fbi headquarters in washington , d.c. responded to requests from the intercept for comment on the osmakac case or the remarks made by fbi agents and employees about the sting . 
   i wish , but no . 
  one of the largest tv channels in turkey . 
  i am sorry . 
  i am so sorry . 
  :( we 'll trade you fox news ? 
   i still do n't know if he was making a joke ... or if he was just suffering from withdrawals wait . 
  you offered someone a bud-lite and expected them to drink it ? 
  buddy , buddy ... we need to have a talk . 
  offering people a bud-lite is a joke that is funny the first time . 
  they never fall for it twice . 
   maybe you guys did not like the fact that turkey shot that russian plane , which made the turks volatile and unreliable ? 
  maybe you did not like the fact the turks seeked rapprochement with the russians ? 
  maybe you guys did not like the fact that turkey is against the ypg in syria . 
  i do not know but there are enough possible reasons to topple erdo for the us . 
  that is insane conspiracy theory logic that does n't qualify as a motive . 
  1 ) we 've never toppled countries because they were unreliable allies . 
  we 've toppled countries we considered enemies . 
  2 ) we have n't run around toppling russian allies in decades . 
  if we cared about russia , we 'd have invaded ukraine to `` help '' it . 
  the cold war is over . 
  3 ) we have n't invaded syria . 
  it would be completely batshit insane to topple turkey over a single rebel faction in a country we could have invaded and simple handed the country over to . 
  it would be simpler and less problematic than a coup in turkey . 
  all of these problems either have simpler solutions or simply are completely irrelevant to the point the us does n't give a shit beyond `` you are a dumbass . 
   have they formed their own state and dictate religious law ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_religion#christian_countries the evangelicals in the us attempt to do so in a variety of ways without violating the constitution and openly encouraged killing abortion doctors . 
   how many innocent people have they killed ? 
  you really want me to start listing all the innocent people western countries killed in the 1900s ? 
  or the various terrorist groups like the ira ? 
  alot of the state religion stuff was removed post-ww2 or later . 
   that proves my point actually . 
  they can still go in public and spew nazi propaganda ( which they do ) , but from the moment we had sufficient evidence that they 're the fucking mafia , we prosecuted them ( still in trial ) . 
  lol . 
  shutting down mosques because of a few members is n't the same thing . 
   if radicalization had started from there , we should have . 
  well , none of you did or even advocated for it . 
   you 're missing the point here . 
  it 's not that they have a few crazies in them , they have fanatic imams that preach jihad and radicalize muslims . 
  we do n't have to do with a few lost sheep here , but with a wolf in shepherd 's clothing . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jan/28/france-cracks-down-on-islamic-radicalism-after-par/  `` france is still very slow to understand the vast majority of islamic centers/mosques are the problem , not just a few extremist ones , '' said john guandolo , a former fbi agent who leads a group , understanding the threat , which reports on what it sees as radical islam . 
  yes , that is the stance the us takes as well . 
  the reality is , the us sends provocateurs into mosques who frequently report them to the government . 
  its quite an amazing set of circular logic that happens . 
  `` well , we have this guy go to this mosque and hand out flyers that preach jihad . 
  we are surprised and dismayed such topics were then discussed !, 
  clearly they must be terrorists ! '', 
   did you see the evidence yourself ? 
  we do n't know what 's submitted yet erdogan and gulen used to be buddies i 'm sure he can tie the coup plotter generals to him . 
  only what is in the media which is n't all of that . 
   well we have him giving orders to his followers to infiltrate in to turkey and wait for the `` time '' from 1999 here 's the english translation . 
  something a guy said 17 years ago would n't be valid . 
  you would need him explicitly ordering the coup in the present day . 
  indeed . 
  the us does a lot of terrible things unfortunately . 
   you mean like how you knew saddam had 9/11 links and wmds ? 
  70 % fuck hey 1 ) i never believed that . 
  2 ) a poll of americans is not everyone . 
  everyone as in both domestically and internationally . 
   the only thing i know is that you guys only think about your intrests . 
  nothing more . 
  the whole we support democracy and freedom is one big farce .
