  i 'd consider him decently integrated as well . 
  he did n't drink alcohol and prayed ( loudly ) a lot but was an ok guy . 
  what i did n't find so great though was his opinion on the charlie hebdo thing that they deserved this because you should n't do such caricatures etc. 
  the last thing seems to be something that a lot of muslims share . 
  they just ca n't deal with anything that criticises their religion . 
  i literally knew an entire mosque of such people until i moved . 
  pretty much none of them would agree with the second half , and tbh , i think this is where your problem is . 
  i do n't think you 've met enough muslims . 
  lol . 
   yes , but that 's racist apparently . 
  no idea why we just accepted anyone with open arms who somehow made it to europe/germany . 
  i think that policy will come back to bite us . 
  well , yes , if you use a criteria based on race . 
   we need a proper immigration system like canada or australia has it . 
  and we need to enforce border control on our external borders . 
  if we have open internal borders in europe at least we need to secure our external borders . 
  you do know i can just walk into canada right ? 
  like , no border controls exist if you have a us document which is easily forged ? 
  this is sort of the like the us 's right 's argument about `` illegals '' crossing the border . 
  it is something like 80 % enter the country legally and overstay . 
   there were a few girls at my uni i saw in a few courses from some sea country , probably malaysia , two were always wearing a headscarf . 
  but yeah , i have n't personally met any . 
  i do n't think we have that many sea people in germany . 
  i know that they can be just as strict though in exercising their beliefs . 
  my point is , its a composite of a person 's behaviors that is n't entirely governed by religion or whether they are an arab . 
   yes , but those candidates would never have been the dominant faction until now . 
  1 ) they are n't the dominant faction now . 
  they managed to field one candidate for high office and a few for lower office . 
   even now it 's a tough pill to swallow : this is evidenced by the fact that a lot of republicans right now judge their globalist ideals to be higher priority than for their party to actually win , leading them to go #nevertrump . 
  that has more to do with the fact trump is racist , sexist , refuses to release his tax returns , and a number of things the gop establishment has openly said were unacceptable breaking points in their presidential candidates . 
  i 'm curious , would you accept a french leader who basically broke with all norms for transparency and planned to have his wealthy children manage their money ( and almost certainly profit from insider trading ) ? 
  or would you view that as too corrupt as to be acceptable regardless of the cost ? 
   meanwhile in european countries we 've had the anti-globalism right-wing for multiple election cycles already . 
  which ones hold the highest elected office and a majority of the legislature ? 
  ( i.e. 
  prime minister ) uk does n't count since this switch happened between elections btw . 
  yeah . 
  to be fair , pre-92 those anti-globalist gop members were about as lucid as ukip and `` the migrant workers hurt your wages '' is also used by the gop for different purposes . 
  umm . 
  anti-globalism is a theme in the gop since bill clinton signed nafta and they booted out bush sr in 1992 . 
  we 've also had anti-globalist republicans in elected office since the 70s . 
  i think you might be confused by our two party system that is really more like 6 . 
   edit : oh gods , the balkans , scandinavia and the british isles have been stolen as well !, 
  carmen sandiego has done it again !, 
  you may want to consider the right in europe basically wants to become the american right . 
  have you seen donald trump ? 
  it is n't healthy . 
   all i can make of this is `` aggravated sexual abuse of a child '' for a max of 10 years -_- yeah that should be permanent . 
  90 % of the time the way the eu system works is better . 
  however , for murderers and child molesters ... i think they need to be the exception to the rule . 
   i would n't say unfortunately , statistics show that the european system that focuses less on punishment than the us one , achieves better results for most things , yes . 
  child molesters and murders simply do n't `` reform '' the way you 'd like them to . 
  it is part of who they are for the former and the latter , well , recidivism is generally loss of control and violence . 
  both simply are n't worth the risk . 
   since life sentences are our worst punishments ... how do you punish crimes worse than that while still being constitutional/respect human rights ( so no torture ) ? 
  yes raping a child is horrible , but i am gon na argue that any murder is even worse . 
  i think the difference here is for me there is a line where you just lock people up . 
  raping children and murder would all fall under these categories . 
  they are basically both the total destruction of a life in many respects . 
  the child is never going to fully recover psychologically from the event . 
   also criminals do n't really think what their punishment could be . 
  punishment as a deterrence only works for small crimes . 
  murderers and rapists act on emotions , not logic . 
  it is n't punishment . 
  it is preventing further harm . 
  they 've shown to be completely incapable of controlling themselves within reasonable bounds . 
  same but i got the impression the eu was much gentler on prisoners than the us is . 
  i think i put elsewhere on this thread he should be in jail for life . 
  it is a question of how many years the rapist spends in prison , basically . 
  it is still revolting because this guy should be in jail for life , honestly . 
   i do n't understand , a minor under the age of consent can not legally provide consent , so what are they intending to prove ? 
  even if the kid said yes to it , the law does not recognize it , so what are they trying to figure out , exactly ? 
  the rapist is still in jail . 
  we ( like austria ) have multiple charges based on the exact offense ( s ) committed to determine the length of the sentence . 
  so ... its one charge among many they want a retrial on . 
  the guy is still in jail for years regardless of the outcome . 
  now , now you still have john oliver . 
  wait . 
  i think you are confused which party is gay in the picture . 
  the bear is clearly attempting to initiate a gay mating ritual and the eu is saying no . 
  bear = gay man fyi . 
  well fuck . 
  so ... how hard is that romanian citizenship ? 
   do other countries have spy agencies that do n't spy on people ? 
  that would probably be a poor use of public money . 
  hey man , you want to live in a panopticon that is your business . 
  some of us still think our spies should n't operate domestically . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i 'm on that list too and probably on the nsa 's as well . 
  i 'm not a fan of turkey invading cyprus , no . 
  i was n't alive in the 70s so i ca n't really take responsibility or seriously argue the sanity of that decision . 
  i 'm leaning towards poor life choices tho . 
   i think we could deal with russia effectively on our own . 
  few leaders are even close to being pro russian ( i ca n't think of any except orban and maybe , maybe tsipras ) . 
  we have actively opposed russia 's actions , one could say we were n't vocal enough but that 's because we do n't want to escalate things with russia . 
  we do n't want to go all out against them like the us does , the population at large and our leaders want some kind of compromise . 
  yeah but the problem with that , no offense , is the fact putin is only going to compromise until he has the opportunity to take a little more . 
  that is what i meant by `` effectively '' you ca n't compromise with someone after they invade a sovereign country . 
  he has to go back to russia where he belongs and stay there if he wants to sit at the table and be treated fairly . 
  the eu is n't pushing back against russia effectively alone is the problem with that plan . 
  i 'd love for the us to hand nato over , but , it depends on the eu 's ability to stand up to russia without the aegis of the us .
