  i 'm not sure russia is equipped to handle a forest fire of this scale in siberia . 
  even in the us , we have trouble containing fires of ~ 10 square miles . 
  i did n't know about this . 
  i take that back then . 
  it 's silly that they focus on the wrong issues . 
  no worries . 
  its pretty recent and the only reason i know is because ovh & online.net are two of the best `` budget '' hosts in western europe ( both are french companies ) so i keep track of that stuff . 
  the other is hetzner ( german ) . 
   they 've won if the measure of success is fear . 
  however a right wing government is not their win , it 's ours . 
  the french people currently live in a panopticon and under surveillance 24/7 . 
  that is never a `` victory '' of any kind . 
   i 'm fucking terrified and isis has nothing to do with it . 
  yeah , france is going to become like the us . 
  it already has panopticon laws stronger than ours . 
  : / i 'm sorry wo/man . 
  http://www.recode.net/2015/11/14/11620670/france-has-a-powerful-and-controversial-new-surveillance-law  but it goes further than that . 
  the law requires internet service providers to install `` black boxes '' that are designed to vacuum up and analyze metadata on the web-browsing and general internet use habits of millions of people using the web and to make that data available to intelligence agencies . 
   in exceptional cases , the law allows the government to deploy what are called `` ismi catchers '' to track all mobile phone communications in a given area . 
  these catchers are basically designed to impersonate cell towers , but they intercept and record communications data from phones within its range , and can also track the movements of people carrying the phones . 
   finally , the law allows government agents to break into the homes of suspected terrorists for the purpose of planting microphone bugs and surveillance cameras and installing keyloggers on their computers , devices that capture data on every keystroke and mouse click . 
  http://www.dailydot.com/layer8/france-spy-bill-backdoors/  amid an increasingly hostile debate over surveillance in the united states , french lawmakers just passed a bill requiring secret government backdoors into internet applications and expanding france 's sweeping surveillance powers . 
   the new law , which has been compared to the usa patriot act that was passed in the wake of 9/11 , allows french law enforcement to spy on the communications -- emails , internet activity , and phone calls -- of anyone linked to a terrorist investigation without judicial approval . 
  pretty much all interactions in france , via the internet or phone or whatever . 
  are recorded and stored by the government . 
  the country is basically a panopticon . 
  its basically the patriot act ( the us version does n't require mandatory backdoors ) on steroids . 
   russia would be the first to bring up nukes , it already does constantly . 
  the kremlin may not actually plan to use it , but they could do the same as in ukraine . 
  that is what i mean . 
  they 'd threaten to nuke the baltic states if we did n't stay out of russia . 
   invade baltics then threaten the west if they dare to come to their aid russia will nuke them . 
  yeah i doubt they would do that . 
   slippery slope . 
  protecting your citizens instead of excusing terrorism and doing nothing about does n't necessarily mean you go kill innocent people in other places . 
  france has already passed laws more draconian than the us has . 
  and they 've done it in the past as well so ... 
   i assume that russia would start symetrically , and later - after getting huge losses would switch to defensive and asymetrical . 
  i 'm pretty sure russia would yield if pushed back into russia and negotiate peace on pain of nukes . 
  it is n't possible to invade russia or the us . 
   locals have to have the rpg 's first . 
  rpg 's are shit . 
  locals are going to be maybe 2-5k men strong . 
  you think the us would n't be sneaking weapons in for the locals ? 
  the asymmetrical warfare of the iranians , russians , etc. 
  was designed around denying sea & air power via mobile platforms that could n't be targeted by sea/air power without suffering disproportionate casualties . 
  however , they have to stay relatively mobile and dispersed to do that which leaves them vulnerable to locals who know the terrain . 
   im generally a person that has a huge hard on for spike sr/mr ( am polish , poland has spikes ) - while expensive , they , unlike rpg 's dont require training , ammo bearers etc. 
  straightforward stuff , 2 mins of training , and any citizen/partisan can knock out a $ 5m tank for 100k usd . 
  thats not counting the crew - crews are more valuable than tanks . 
  yeah . 
  that probably would work better than rpgs, 
   and russian military for the past seventy five years has been build to beat you . 
  assymetrically , as they can not overpower you in sheer numbers . 
  you would be suprised how hard it would be to win vs russia ( but you , and we ) would win in the end . 
  if we invaded russia , yes . 
  the baltic states do n't want to join russia and the sort of asymmetric warfare practiced by iran or russia requires the local population to not be actively hostile to lightly armored vehicles moving along back roads where they are easily ambushed by locals with rpgs . 
   oh yes we do , but only if we know it 's coming . 
  as it stands , we just do n't have enough units on the continent . 
  not with the forces we have dedicated to the africa , the middle east and the pacific . 
  we 'd have to literally drop all the other balls on our plate to hold the baltic states ... that may not be possible with china being aggressive in the pacific . 
  fair enough xd ty, 
   the social shifts in response to these attacks have been one of the most concerning parts of this whole thing . 
  the long lasting political consequences could be far more significant than the attacks themselves . 
  the brexit is an example of this - the most prominent reason for voting leave was concern for immigration . 
  yep . 
  to be honest , that is the basic goal of terrorism ... one eu has sadly not learned from the us 's mistakes . 
  the whole strategy with terrorism ( and guerilla warfare ) is to engage in hit and run tactics until your opponent overreacts ...  and if these attacks continue , who knows what extremes people/countries may be driven to out of fear ? 
  you 'll end up like the us , invading countries and dropping bombs on wedding parties to kill a few key targets . 
  this in turn creates powerful threats to your security ( isis came from the us destabilizing the region ) and the cycle continues . 
  the reality is you can only play defense , try to maintain an open society , and avoid encouraging large congregations of people in a single location . 
  if you go further than that you are creating a truly terrifying recipe . 
  compared to the wars of the past ( or even medical error in hospitals ) terrorism is a really low risk threat . 
  my bad . 
  ty sir/ma ` am, 
   wow , do n't they ever just think to themselves , that maybe , just maybe , they are going a bit too far ? 
  because ~ ~ emperor ~ ~ sultan erdogan thinks he is running the islamist ottoman empire . 
  erdogan considers himself the ~ ~ emperor ~ ~ ~ ~ sultan ~ ~ padishah of the ottoman empire . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/europes-migrant-deal-with-turkey-may-be-unraveling-but-it-was-flawed-from-the-start/2016/05/25/311e95ac-1d1e-11e6-82c2-a7dcb313287d_story.html  e.u. 
  lawmakers have said turkey must enact political reforms before they grant visa-free travel to turkish citizens on the continent . 
  under the deal , turkey also agreed to accept the return of asylum seekers whose applications are rejected in greece and to crack down on the smuggling networks that facilitated much of the migration . 
   but some of the first deportations under the deal have already exposed abuses by turkey 's government , and turkish authorities have forcibly returned refugees fleeing war in afghanistan and syria , rights groups and e.u. 
  lawmakers say . 
  last week , a greek tribunal ruled that a syrian national who had appealed his deportation from europe could stay on the island of lesbos . 
  the court said there is no guarantee refugees will be provided full protection in turkey . 
   collett 's concerns were echoed in a report released this month by a european parliamentary delegation that visited detention facilities in turkey . 
  the report , whose findings were based on a visit in early may , said that no one they interviewed was given the opportunity to ask for asylum , that access to a lawyer is `` nearly impossible '' and that the deportees were kept in `` prison-style '' detention . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/may/24/turkey--eu-migration-deal-visa-free-travel-recep-tayyip-erdogan  eu leaders are insisting that turkey abides by 72 conditions before the visa exemption takes place , with a demand to change counter-terror laws proving particularly contentious . 
   the eu wants ankara to narrow its definition of terror to stop prosecuting academics and journalists for publishing `` terror propaganda '' . 
   turkey has refused to do so , pointing out it is in the midst of a campaign against kurdish militants . 
  he pretty ignored his end and now demands the eu keeps up its end !, 
  reminds me of brexit . 
   with the exception of the metropolitan areas , those people voted to leave , too . 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  that westminster would care more for them ? 
  to be fair as one of the wealthier members of the eu , there was a net outflow to the rest of the eu from the uk . 
  http://news.cbi.org.uk/news/leaving-eu-would-cause-a-serious-shock-to-uk-economy-new-pwc-analysis/leaving-the-eu-implications-for-the-uk-economy/  this means that the uk 's average annual net contribution to the eu budget over these same years is estimated to be around # 8.8 billion , or around 0.5 % of gdp . 
  they are short term thinkers who see that money and fail to understand the value of free trade unfortunately on economic growth . 
  that same report basically says its worth ~ 1 % of the uk 's gdp growth on annual basis to be in the eu . 
   but less than sixty years ago , there was widespread support in various western countries to ban nazi speech , communist speech , and/or black civil rights speech , and many governments enacted laws and policies to that regard .
