  yet , american officials are quick in line to give turks lessons in human rights and democracy . 
  [ `` there it is , there it is , '' christie said . 
  `` the memorized 25-second speech . 
  there it is , everybody . '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0wutnjao9k ) i have n't been defending the us the whole time on the things it does that are morally objectionable . 
  i 've been talking about the issues . 
  `` as an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving nazism or hitler approaches 1 '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law does n't require justification to be follow that law i believe . 
  you focusing on american hypocrisy and poor moral judgement rather than the issue of a fair , just extradition . 
  simply because the us makes poor moral choices does n't negate the fact it does make good moral choices from time to time . 
  the good and moral choice in the issue of extradition is a [ preponderance of evidence ] ( http://dictionary.law.com/default.aspx?selected=1586 ) so that a reasonable person would say its `` likely '' that the person is a criminal who should be extradited . 
  if turkey is unable to do so , the good and moral choice is to refuse the extradition attempt . 
  morality is n't relative . 
  we accept moral relatively only as a pragmatic action because we can not control the universe like god . 
  i was trying to avoid godwin 's law :p, 
  that is n't extradition , that is invasion . 
  different topic . 
   often i find myself thinking about if i start walking now i might end up next to greece border in two weeks . 
  the urge is getting stronger . 
  fuck im leftist and atheist and probably they already know what i am from social media . 
  seeking for asylum sounds more and more appeal do you have a valid passport and money to purchase a flight ? 
  that might be safer if you are n't an academic . 
   he can introduce new laws without the parliament , governor will have more authority and turkish armed forces will have to obey governors , policemen can search houses without judicial permission etc. 
  did you ever watch star wars ? 
  erdogan sounds like palpatine . 
   actually , the coup of 80 was bloodless in the takeover phase . 
  this was was the bloodiest ever ( there were two other failed attempts in the 60s ) . 
  i mean the overall outcome . 
   you may be right about the strategic importance diminishing . 
  i do n't know though if turkey had an exception before that gave immunity from principle or if the us decided to instrumentalize rule of law issues now for other reasons . 
  containment of russia was a strategy that mattered when it was powerful enough to be the ussr . 
  i think at this point the us ( and the rest of nato ) can afford principled stands and if erdogan is bad enough , those principle stands would be worth the cost . 
   in any event , how this will be read here ( and certainly akp will play this ) is : we hit the gulenists and the us reacts therefore something about them being a trojan horse and what not . 
  my eyes popped out when wapo misquoted kerry on this ( they fixed it later but the damage was done ) and the embassy here realized just what had happened and immediately attempted damage control w / a correction . 
  this ` expulsion from nato ' thing is a very bad theme to play on because it is fueling anti-west and anti-us sentiment here . 
  not just the akp but the far-ish left ( who do n't have votes but do punch above their weight in propaganda power ) will use this . 
  i 'm sure but , tbh , they are already playing that tune anyway . 
   anyway , the coup of 1980 in turkey shut he said several countries . 
  i 'm aware turkey has never had entirely bloodless coups . 
  turkey used to have a special exception due to its strategic value ... strategic value that in 2016 may not be enough . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  its less of a problem if you round up an organization to prevent further violence then investigate then have honest trials . 
  its excessive and unpleasant but it can be understood as coming from a place of good intentions . 
  the moment you step outside that organization intentionally is the moment you are engaging in purges for naked political power alone . 
  that is a major problem from which there is no redemption possible . 
  yeah , it was also a different time during the cold war where it was believed anyone who was not in the us 's orbit would end up in the ussr 's orbit . 
  i 'm pretty sure greece ( which was a communist purge ) would have been kicked out post-cold-war if the same events had played out . 
   maybe hillary will have get a chance for a different response when turkey will not be considered an ally anymore in a year . 
  kerry basically threatened that turkey would be removed from nato . 
  kerry makes the statements of such things so obama does n't have to own them and can disavow them if its the expedient thing to do . 
  its normal . 
   we 'll have to agree to disagree bud . 
  i just do n't think that it 's only incompetence that is driving failure after failure in terms of us foreign policy . 
  lol . 
  the president only takes a firm stance when the decision is final . 
  its setup that way for a reason . 
   problem is that nato is not some democratic institution or something . 
  its a mere defense alliance and successful and failed coups have happened before in several nato countries . 
  in the past much more worse things have been done by regimes in nato countries , it did not stop from ejecting those countries from nato ? 
  what nato countries purged an entire political party that held power in government & media by the tens of thousands ? 
  and did so purely on guilt-by-association grounds ? 
   source ? 
  i 'm separating the actions of erdogan with the will of the turkish people . 
  the fact several western powers have said `` if erdogan does n't back down on some of this , he 'll get booted for violating the terms of the nato treaty '' and erdogan is ... not ... should make it obvious he is reconsidering that desire . 
   my point was that the reason people do n't vocally oppose erdogan is that they know gulenist organization is rotten to the core and they do n't see erdogan as rounding up all dissidents , at least not presently . 
   the reason erdogan is given a pass is not simply because people are blinded by akp media in turkey as suggested in the previous post . 
  i understand erdogan is pulling on the gulenist thread for all that he can which provides him a massive shield against criticism among the turkish people . 
  however , the fact they are ignoring the left-of-erdogan folks who are n't gullenist being rounded up implies they are blinded by the akp media or simply ignorant . 
  there is a reason when someone starts purging political opposition by the thousands on guilt-by-association grounds , it has to be opposed . 
  its not because i want to support gulenists . 
  its the fact this has historically , repeatedly led to a period of autocracy that can only end violently . 
   russia took crimea using similar logic . 
  i 'm aware . 
  russia and us foreign policy have certain core tenets in common , its part of why they became the two poles of power in the cold war . 
  both possess a level of ruthlessness many view as despicable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guantanamo_bay_naval_base we 'll probably use gunboat diplomacy to control the strait if we have to . 
  the us has a habit of `` taking '' things that are in our strategic interest and never returning them . 
   its that simple and the fact that there are so many people does not matter guilt by association -  arrest by association -  guilty verdict based on that association is basically `` lol , you know this guy so we are imprisoning you '' level of corruption . 
  its absurd . 
   obama did take side and if the goal was to alienate turkey just so islamist autocrat retains his power than he certainly succeeded . 
  its the bog standard response to turmoil in a `` democratic '' country that is considered an ally . 
  it is n't an endorsement the way you seem to believe . 
   the statement of the us administration on who they support can be deciding during uncertainty . 
  there is a reason we actually intervene in uncertain situations we intend to control the outcome of . 
   so first he endorses erdogan so he can tighten his grip on the country and than he takes a stand for gulen who does n't have any power anyway . 
  i 'm not saying us should give gulen to turkey , but if he was truly so concerned about our nato ally and did n't want to `` betray '' turkey than why would he not give gulen in order to appease erdogan even more ? 
  none of this was an appeasement . 
  it was the standard neutral response of the us . 
  `` we support democracy , everyone should support the democratically elected government . '', 
  is literally the response every time unless you are considered an enemy of the us and are accused of rigging elections openly by us politicians . 
  appeasement involves actual * actions * in that direction . 
   it has very little meaning if obama appeals to the rule of law , human rights and freedom of press in turkey , but than he acts contrary to actually pursuing these goals . 
  i mean i agree that it sounds nice , but the actual international achievements of his administration are very poor . 
  bush was a catastrophe , but the world got even less safe and better since obama also . 
  hint : us political statements by heads of state are meant to `` sound nice '' and not achieve anything . 
  it is only when they take actual action is the intent revealed . 
   hell , half of them run the place . 
  the gullenists did too . 
  this is closer to the tea party rounding up the rinos to have them shot after the rinos tried to take over the country via the military . 
  http://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/obama-turkey-press-media-221483  president barack obama says he 's troubled by the direction turkey 's leader is taking his country , especially when it comes to freedom of the press . 
   `` i 've said to president erdogan to remind him that he came into office with a promise of democracy , and turkey has historically been a country in which deep islamic faith has lived side by side with modernity and an increasing openness , '' obama said . 
  `` and that 's the legacy that he should pursue rather than a strategy that involves repression of information and shutting down democratic debate . '',
