  lol . 
   mr erdogan is livid with america and europe for their reluctance to acknowledge the gulenists ' role . 
  yet the fault is partially his . 
  for the past three years turkey 's government has blamed nearly all its problems on the cemaat -- including a wave of anti-government protests , evidence of corruption in its own ranks and even a leadership contest in a rival nationalist party . 
  `` ak shamelessly used the parallel-state threat to hide its own wrongdoings , '' says mustafa akyol , a commentator once close to the gulenists . 
  he too blames the cemaat for the coup . 
  `` i do n't know of any other religious group that has been as successful in achieving its political objectives in such a stealthy way , '' he says . 
  be that as it may , erdogan has been crying wolf for 3 years and been allied with them for alot longer . 
  some of the past `` gulenist '' crimes were actually erdogan 's . 
  so ... yeah . 
  the other problem is :  with the government 's blessing , prosecutors linked to the movement staged a series of show trials to purge the army of suspected coup plotters . 
  they were , in fact , simply clearing the way for their own , says mr avci . 
  `` i was telling people in the late 2000s how dangerous they were , '' he says . 
  `` no one listened . '' mr erdogan broke with the movement once and for all when its bureaucrats launched a sweeping corruption investigation against his associates in late 2013 . 
   yet the purge he has unleashed does not confine itself to gulenist bureaucrats : many who merely sympathised with the movement , as well as academics , schoolteachers and others with tenuous links ( or none at all ) , are being rolled up . 
  on july 23rd , in his first decree since declaring a state of emergency , mr erdogan ordered the closure of over 2,300 schools , foundations , hospitals and trade unions . 
  days later , arrest warrants were issued for about 90 journalists , some of whom appear to be simply critics of the government . 
  `` i was in the streets protesting against those people , '' seethed bulent mumay , a veteran journalist , early this week , referring to the gulenists . 
  `` and now the government accuses me of being one of them -- that is bullshit . '' he was detained hours later . 
  this seems to be erdogan simply repeating the previous playbook he sanctioned with new targets now that he is no longer aligned with the gulenists . 
  it seems far more consistent with erdogan 's playbook in general tbh . 
  if you utilize it to go after innocent people in the past and present ... its likely you are the villain y' know ? 
  you replied in a giant unreadable block quote . 
  i 'm not going to bother to parse that . 
   `` only '' 50 % is still 50 % too many . 
  how did you ever get to the point of accepting 50 % islamic terrorism ? 
  it should be 0 % . 
  1 ) he said it was the root cause . 
  2 ) paranoia about terrorism is alot like being paranoid about being killed by lighting or car accidents or a random murder . 
  there is a very long list of things more likely to kill you than terrorists ... and almost no news coverage . 
   no measures to stop the growth of islam fundamentalism in europe ? 
  you know , the root cause of this bullshit ? 
  50 % of the attacks in the article ( including the deadliest ) were not islamist fundamentalists ... so its not all islamist terrorists . 
   wow , so scared of being called racist they done even want to admit of a person committing terrorist is brown ... 
  multiple people in / r/europe * insist * that some of the copycats of people like anders behring breivik are religiously motivated because of the fact they are brown . 
  like many things , once people are convinced a = b they do not think factually about the subject . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/abigailesman/2010/11/01/spot-the-terrorist-many-jihadists-in-america-are-white-born-in-the-u-s/#3c4a3d556046 just fyi . 
  white people can be islamic terrorists too . 
   surely just saying ` immigrant ' will lead people to their own conclusions of what an immigrant is supposed to look like adding further confusion to the prejudice ? 
  * shrugs * i do n't see why its needed to publish photos of terrorists . 
   it 's insane people are even debating whether people have a right to see the terrorists killing their fellow countrymen in cold blood ? 
  --  several french news organisations have said they will no longer publish photographs of people responsible for terrorist killings , to avoid bestowing `` posthumous glorification '' . 
   the television station bfm-tv and the catholic newspaper la croix said they had chosen the same course of action . 
  `` we made the decision last night to no longer show pictures of the terrorists until further notice , '' bfm-tv editorial director herv\u00e9 b\u00e9roud told agence france-presse . 
  `` we have been thinking about this for some time . 
  our decision was speeded up by nice , by the repeated tragedies . '' the news organizations have the right to their freedom of speech . 
  sorry , that is just how the real world works . 
  you ca n't force other people to say what you want them to because you feel you have a right to it . 
  just like the guy i 'm replying to who freely admitted :  it removes context , it makes it harder to connect a violent religion with acts of terrorism . 
  the only context that would consistently be in a photo is the color of a person 's skin . 
  therefore , that person is clearly connecting race = = specific religion which is stupid . 
   it removes context , it makes it harder to connect a violent religion with acts of terrorism . 
  it makes it harder to connect the fact they are brown you mean ? 
  no offense but saying `` a recently immigrated shiite muslim launched a terrorist attack in nice , france '' conveys all the relevant information . 
  the only reason the picture would matter is if you are attempting to infer brown = muslim . 
  names , photos are not needed as long as they are available to the journalists so they can do their research . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-french-patriot-act-why-is-france-extending-its-state-of-emergency-clamping-down-on-freedom-of-expression/5508552  to put it briefly , the state of emergency law turns france into a totalitarian police state which can act for a maximum period of 12 days without requiring judicial oversight or search warrants . 
  given france 's compliance with zionist interests , it is not surprising that human rights watch recently exposed the french government 's `` abusive and discriminatory raids and house arrests against muslims under its sweeping new state of emergency law . '' this discrimination is not coming to end any time soon , for hollande 's administration just voted in favor of extending its state of emergency for three months . 
  http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/france-mass-surveillance-law-news/  america 's controversial patriot act and the mass surveillance programs it authorizes -- including those run by the national security agency ( nsa ) -- is set to expire unless it is renewed by lawmakers . 
  the authorization of metadata collection and virtually unchecked surveillance authority outraged more rights-conscious countries in europe , including germany and france . 
  now , in the wake of the deadly charlie hebdo attacks in paris , france has passed its own version of the patriot act , which could give a french government intelligence agency nsa-like powers in the country . 
  to be fair , there are left wing nutjobs too !, 
  ( eco-terrorists , stalin-type communists , etc. ), 
   honestly , is that even possible with the wast number of bitcoin transactions ? 
  i remember once having discussion with my colleagues about bitcoins ( at the time i was working in a bank ) , it people said that it 's next to impossible to get massively spy on bitcoin users as there is a massive number of transactions and massive number of wallets . 
  pulling one wallet from db is easy bit if you try to do it with millions of wallets it 's just impossible , especially if transactions are older than a couple of weeks and you have no idea when they happened . 
  you can only spy on wallet transactions when people try to convert bitcoin to any other currency or other point of sale . 
  so ... pretty much all of it unless you never use your bitcoin . 
  it is why the creator of bitcoin is still unknown and all his bitcoin has n't moved . 
  if he withdrew * any * of it to purchase something , he would become discoverable . 
   i 'm in portugal , so the only terrorism i currently face is the government on my wallet . 
  lol . 
  x3 i hope it continues that way for you my friend . 
  good luck , 
   interesting post . 
  thank you . 
  i noticed that many of the articles you 've mentioned bring up the immigration of eu citizens combined with that of the refugee crisis , which is different to the refugee crisis which is the subject of the article . 
  yeah , but in the us for instance its people illegally entering the country from south america . 
  so its not just eu or the eu citizenry . 
  the refugee crisis is going to take too long for the data to be available but i 'm 85 % sure the trends will be the same as those coming from south america and illegally entering the us . 
  preliminary data and experts also agree with that . 
  but yes , we wo n't know for ~ 5 years if its 100 % true . 
   have they shifted to the right ? 
  they seem just as left wing as before . 
  only because the law is dumb does n't mean it 's right wing . 
  we 'll see after their election but the problem with ring wing politicians + a panopticon is it enables secret police & dictatorship with very little possibility to stop it . 
   but this is democracy , so it 's basically gambling your country for the next 4 years to someone who claims they know what to do and hope for the best . 
  pretty much . 
   a social shift , in my opinion , would be to vote for someone who is doing something else instead of passing these useless laws . 
  fair enough . 
  however , the fact these panopticon stuff gets passed in the wake of terrorist attacks without a serious fight makes me think its enough to shift the people in power to the right . 
   of course not a single reference to back up these absurd claims . 
  furthermore , they 're trying to convince us that of the million or more people which arrived in germany in 2015 alone , a huge amount of which came here without documentation and of course could n't be sent back , many have gone missing and obviously ca n't be tracked are actually producing accurate crime statistics . 
  i think not . 
  i 've posted stuff about this and immigration in the us , uk , etc. 
  before in this subreddit and the argument is `` well the academics are wrong because the police fake the statistics and its an international conspiracy '' so i 've given up . 
  you are correct that germany probably is n't accurate but the trends in every other western country is that this is the case as refugees/immigrants really , really do not want to be deported to their country of origin ( which is why they are willing to do just about anything to stay ) . 
  for instance this thread : https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ud7hz/brexit_britain_the_inside_story_of_how_the_leave/d5p4trz, 
  you send them to syria to fight isis ? 
  let the nutjobs duke it out until none are left ?
