  nineteen of the convicted , who include ilker basbug , the former chief of staff of the turkish military , were sentenced to life in prison ; several others received sentences of ninety-nine years or more . 
  \u015eirin says that he plans to appeal his conviction . 
  but if the turkish appellate judges even remotely resemble their brethren in the lower courts -- and there is no reason to think that they do n't -- \u015eirin and the others do n't stand a chance . 
  is it hard evidence ? 
  is it more plausible than the line being peddled by you given its consistent with erdogan 's behavior to date ? 
  yes . 
   gulen is a cleric and you expect him to be critisized only by erdo\u011fan . 
  your knowledge about turkey made me want to cry . 
  all the political groups in turkey against gulen movement now . 
  erdogan and gulen used to be friends . 
  during that time , gulen had height of his power . 
  almost every young person in turkey experienced gulen 's unlawful movement . 
  he stole questions of many state exams to enter state departments and universities . 
  hundreds of other crimes , i mean this guy is total evil . 
  one thing is clear , if the main opposition party chp were on government . 
  this gulen movement would be completely removed already . 
  you can also ask other turkish redditors here about their ideas about this guy . 
  the men who is proved to be in gulen movement has been seen in military coup . 
  it 's a total consensus of experts from left to right here that he was part of the coup . 
  now you can continue to believe some crappy information that is provided by turkey experts ( ! ), 
  who probably have n't been in turkey before . 
  last time i read one , she wrote istanbul as capital lol so your argument is the us courts are corrupt and protecting gulen ? 
  its the only universe in which your statements make sense . 
  if he was the criminal you state , he would have been extradited . 
   but , the leader of this coup attempt is obviously fethullah g\u00fcllen who is going to be judged for creating terrorist organization if usa extradite him . 
  this man is like octopus . 
  he has people on every single state adminstration that who obey him . 
  yes , that is the talking point provided by erdogan . 
  please provide evidence of this being actually true ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , erdogan has a history of fabricating evidence and has been unable to provide any credible evidence this statement is true . 
  if it was true , i would assume that erdogan had fabricated sufficient evidence to purge such people when he did so the first time . 
  http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/erdogans-march-to-dictatorship-in-turkey  that was a long time ago . 
  erdo\u011fan is well on his way to becoming a dictator , if he is n't one already . 
  not long after his initial election , erdo\u011fan 's agents embarked on a large and sinister campaign to destroy his political opponents , jailing hundreds -- journalists , university rectors , military officers , aid workers -- on trumped-up charges and fabricated evidence . 
  ( in 2012 , i wrote about erdo\u011fan 's campaign for the magazine . ), 
  despite his excesses , erdo\u011fan remained popular as the turkish economy rapidly grew . 
  in 2014 , having completed three terms as prime minister , he ran for president and won . 
  still , turkish voters have refused to give him the blank check he desired , and last year turned down his effort to rewrite the constitution to give himself vast new powers . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/turkey-cleric-usa-idusl1n19m0zn  erdogan accuses gulen of building a `` parallel structure '' within the police and judiciary to topple him . 
  the state has seized newspapers , banks and other companies affiliated with gulen 's movement . 
  gulen denies any wrongdoing . 
   the turkish leader and gulen publicly fell out after police and prosecutors viewed by erdogan as sympathetic to the cleric opened a corruption probe in 2013 that touched his inner circle . 
  erdogan has been going after g\u00fcllen for years while g\u00fcllen has done nothing but try to retire behind the aegis of the us legal system that is reasonably free of corruption . 
  erodgan , on the other hand , has been shown to fabricate evidence whenever there is a roadblock in his path . 
   i 'm basing my position on the evidence alone and that is overwhelmingly in favour of this being a legitimate coup attempt . 
  of course if your mind was already made up as soon as the coup failed that it was a false flag then no amount of evidence will change your mind . 
  it 's like 9/11 truthers all over again . 
  i 'm just asking you based on the evidence you are provided how you concluded that since what you are saying is n't internally consistent . 
  if your only defense of the inconsistencies is `` well , anyone who believes its inconsistent is a conspiracy theorist '' ... well ... i have no words . 
  internal consistency of a narrative by neutral parties is generally the sign of fact while fiction tends to remain consistent only when spoken by one party . 
   did n't erdogan himself say he was going to `` cleanse '' the military yes but that is expected post-failed-coup . 
  it is when it branches out into the police , governors , judges , etc. 
  that it becomes a serious concern because it implies its a purge of political enemies vs. bringing the military back under civilian control . 
   once they found that , it was easy pickings to sack/arrest everyone on that list . 
  the whole article linked there is worth reading , it just goes to show how well planned the coup was and that erdogan stayed in power by the skin of his teeth . 
  pretty much everyone in the administration thought it was over for them . 
  so you are telling me that you believe : a ) a list of all his co-conspirators was kept in plain text in one of the suspects . 
  it also contains ~ 10k names ... you probably could n't fit more than ~ 2000 on 6 pages . 
  b ) pro-coup soldiers know about encryption and used it for secure telephone lines . 
  c ) this is a well planned operation . 
  no offense , but that would break my suspension of disbelief in a novel ... let alone real life . 
  i 'm not allowed to ask a person from turkey a question on reddit ? 
   ceremonial capital aigai too , but that does n't change the face that alex was a squatting slav pretty sure if you are born in a city located in greece , greece can claim you :p, 
  do you find it suspicious that thousands of people who are not members of the military ( the only branch of government that actively acted in the coup and did so in relatively small numbers ) are the ones being arrested , particularly those that were erdogan 's political opponents to his path to amassing more power to the presidency , like judges ? 
  yes , yes it is . 
   very funny joke dude except , its not . 
  ah its only funny to mock americans or the british these days ? 
   fun fact : if hillary clinton is elected in november , half of the 6 largest economies in the world will have a woman as leader for the first time ever . 
  i 'd prefer if she was n't in favor of making brexit a success . 
  then again , i ca n't stand half of male politicians either so ... yay equality i guess ? 
   i was expecting a jab at the french national team . 
  i do n't kick someone when they are already down on the ground . 
  that would be cruel . 
   `` the russian leadership is clearly fine with corruption , but i think this was meant to signal others in the military and the security services that you can go ahead and steal and do what you want to do , but if you do that to an extent that combat readiness suffers , there will be consequences , '' gorenburg says . 
  it appears to be slaanesh . 
  the admiral spent the fleet 's fuel and facility money on hookers and blow . 
   domestic politicians are mostly pro-eu . 
  they do n't really know a whole about the eu , they just wanted to fuck cameron and co. . that is the saddest part . 
  they just wanted to give westminster the shaft and did n't understand that they risked the uk 's economy tanking in the process . 
  i think you have more traitors in your midst . 
  scotland is thinking it might stop hiking up its kilt for you when the two of you go drinking . 
   who won ? 
  oh yeah , that 's right , we won . 
  it 's called agincourt . 
  if you want to dictate spelling , you 've got to learn to use longbows . 
  i agree . 
  `` british english '' should become american english . 
  because , clearly , dominance was established and carried out . 
  the british lost the right to dictate spelling when they aimed a musket at their collective cojones and pulled the trigger . 
  usa is # 1 . 
  france is ( now ) # 5 . 
  the uk does n't even rate . 
  you should start speaking french or american english . 
   he is not wrong . 
  they got the vote they wanted but failed to have a plan or any procedures in place in the event of the vote going their way . 
  well , they did n't expect to win and then then 'd have a solid 45 % of the uk population backing them in future elections who felt they got screwed . 
  its the typical republican strategy of the us . 
  so you are saying , we have bigger assholes that take big dumps on europe ? 
  sounds fair . 
   does n't that only happen to americans ?
