i 'm from a place where `` progressive '' has a different meaning but i 'll try to answer your questions since my country was forced to have a piece of this pie and also for the sake of diversity . 
  1.0 yes . 
  one of our biggest minorities ( that keeps growing ) are ukrainians , russians , belarussians - easter slavic people . 
  absolutely no problem with them , we dont have them chanting in the streets that our culture and society , that is providing them with better standarts of living , is wrong ( despite some of them thinking that putin is awesome and that we are filthy servants of usa ) . 
  another big minority here are vietnamese ( because of commie-commie state partneship pre-89 ) . 
  they keep mostly to themselves , they choose on their own to keep their culture separately of ours , celeberate their traditions , dont accuse us of being intolerant and we dont accuse them of anyting apart from the actual petty economic crimes here and there ( cheating on taxes etc. ), 
  both these groups do n't come here to benefit from our welfare , they come here for jobs . 
  another big minority are `` romas '' that never really integrated : pre 20th century , whatever kind of state was here , they were basically treated as criminals by birth . 
  it got a bit better for them when the first czechoslovakian democratic state was formed post wwi but then the at the time , national , socialist germany came along with their first attempt to socially engineer europe and started putting romas in forced labour and extermination camps . 
  then the commie/socialist came . 
  they held work as a religion - you dont work , you 're a blasphemer . 
  so they 've implemented their social engineering plans by forcing romas to ditch their wagons for apartment blocks and inside towns as opposed to their secluded camps outside towns and put them to work much against their disliking . 
  then we got democracy again and romas didnt return to their former lifestyle , they remained `` integrated '' in towns , obviously stopped working and the spiral kept on going , czechs started hating them more because the state isnt taking care of them and , they started in turn hating us more and they 're stuck with welfare because nobody wants to employ them and they got used to not working anyway . 
  nobody knows how to resolve this without making one of the parties barking mad but if theres one thing we learned from this : if a social engineer appears at your doorstep , go get your 12 gauge . 
  muslims are supersmall minority here , so we dont hear from them much . 
  big part probably are turkish people selling kebab here which seem to dont mind that we are a nation of beer-guzzling , pork-eating atheists , but we have a few vocal ones , mainly centered around the i guess only mosque in prague which recently got visited by a swat team because of hate-preaching against jews and non-muslims that was in a book they translated to czech and wanted to publish . 
  also we have a so-called palestinian embassy in prague , where last year one of the `` ambassadors '' mishandled what likely was an ied which killed him and nobody seemed to give too much a damn why they had explosives in there and what they were planning with them . 
  ukraininan and vietnamese embassies dont seem to explode at random for which are we grateful and helps with intergration of their people here  1.1 yep , it definitely helps as there are little differences between us and eastern slavic nations compared to lets say the vietnamese . 
  but vietnamese also integrate nicely so the ethnic doesnt have to be similar , just respectful . 
  1.2 not that i know of , but i 'm sure there is a `` you have # months to get a job , start a company or start going to college or you 're out '' kind of policy for non-eu foreigners , which can make it look like we 're picking ethnics , but we 're not . 
  2.0 i have no idea , did n't study it but when observing the us of a it doesnt seem to be that bad when its governed by invidiual-freedom centric ideology . 
  2.1 well then i guess you end up with society like ours , which is pretty homogenous and so far i 'm loving it and see no reason why we desperately need to change this . 
  i 'm an engineer ( the real kind , not social ) so i look at things pragmatically : what isnt broken , doesnt need fixing . 
  2.3 mentioned usa as diverse state in the advantage question , going to mention western part of eu in this question . 
  the disadvantage in their case seems to be chaos , in some cases violence and general turmoil in society but by no means this has nothing to do with their governments or specific ethnics :d 2.4 as i 've said i 'm loving it here and i dont see why it would be bad . 
  if i want to check out other cultures , i get a vacation and hop on a plane . 
  2.5 the homogenous ones . 
  2.6 nah i dont think so , deliberate destabilisation of perfectly working state is n't my cup of tea . 
  2.7 `` people '' is very vauge . 
  certain ideologies say these people are better than others , judging by some attributes , other certain ideologies say that all people are absolutely the same and i say lets keep it sane and admit there are differences , but dont use them to go make better-or-worse comparisons . 
  like i 've said we 're bunch of atheistic , beer loving crazies so thats enough to set us apart from even our nieghbours that otherwise are the same but this is enough for certain groups of people to view us as devils and no , these wont get a friendly treatment here which i kinda tried to include in my answers and it is not declaring superiority or racism , its just common sense and the basic instinct of self-preservation . 
  2.8 yep that is my idea . 
  we share the state , we share the currency and the system but we arent forced to share everything and i 'm fine with vietnamese celebrating their festivals with fireworks in their enclosed comunities and not pushing whatever they 're celebrating there into our newspaper headlines and they are fine with it too . 
  seems like the ukrs are keeping their eastern-orthodox church for themselves and nobody is bothered by that either . 
  3.0 ca n't really answer this one fully but i 'd say history is one part of it ( staying neutral and trading with the warring parties ) and the important thing : as a result of not being the main theatre of ww2 , they werent subjected to postwar territory divividing because ending up in soviet block means having your economy nose-dive and having to recover from it for decades to come , which didnt happen for f.e. 
  sweden so there is that regarding prosperity . 
  3.1 well my country didnt do damn to african people ( which is kind of why we 're upset by having to deal with this ) , if anything we helped to build industry in african countries that were friends with soviet union ( supposedly old czech electronics and fuses make for reliable ied parts if thats anything to be proud of ) . 
  and yes i think that is logical , the term homogenous indirectly says that even when used outside the sociology and , in layman terms : the ( less/more ) different things you have in one bundle the ( easier/harder ) is to deal with said bundle of things , be it machine components , chemical agents or people . 
  4.0 i 'm from a 2nd world country so i wo n't comment on that , but the recent news are upsetting . 
  4.1 again , not from there , but freedom of speech seems to be taking some hits . 
  israeli academics banned from speaking at some universities , that is just caveman-style backwards desecration of the instituions that drive our civilisation forward by creating and  sharing < knowledge , free of political and religious bullshit . 
  also considering israelis are one of the technological leaders in many fields and they seem to eat falafel and shit nobel prizes so denying them sharing their knowledge , to me is just howling mad . 
  i love to listen to any academic of any religion , race , ethnic or whatever when he 's describing new stuff that is going to help cure diseases or conquer the space . 
  4.2 its not such a big problem here in 2nd world so yeah we dont have a lot of active opposition against that but the 1st world seems to have some active opponents of `` progressive '' values , some even shaping into political parties . 
  4.3 ca n't comment on that . 
  4.4 lets not beat around the bush here : hebrew people and homosexual people have a good reason to fear `` reactionary immigrants '' for crystal clear reasons that are not going to change any time soon . 
  4.5 ca n't comment on that . 
  5.0 importing voters sounds like a pretty straightforward benefit . 
  5.1 importing cheaper workforce without having to relocate your factories to 3rd world countries sounds like a good deal as well . 
  6.0 ca n't really answer that so i 'll put forward question since i 'm mean like that : would the `` first world '' with its `` privileges '' exist if it would be from the start not what it was and some people are desperately trying to reverse ? 
  i mean not being a bunch of homogenous christian nations ( formerly somewhat diverse pagan cultures annihilated by an inhumane ideology masquerading as a spiritual movement originating from the middle east , deja vu ? ), 
  duking it out between each other , and after some centuries letting go of the religious zealotry in favour of science and nonclerical state that led to industrial revolution , the wealth and `` priviledges '' ? 
  and isnt trying to change that going to have negative effect on the `` priviledges '' ? 
  is vlad still running things ? 
  if not , then i guess its the same old boring : not handing out enough free money . 
  where did i say you 're not allowed to ? 
  i just stated my observation about that post . 
  talking about observations ... looks like nonsensical overreactions are also a part of your freeze peach . 
  but by all means enjoy your frozen peach , its for everybody !, 
  calling other people freely expressing their opinions `` spewing shit '' is a good way to show what really is under that facade of a caring/concerned good guy . 
  well if there 's one thing aloha snackbars can do properly its abusing sensation-hungry western media as a weapon , pallywood being the finest example of that . 
  it 's probably become a second nature to them to go apeshit crazy when a camera is nearby . 
  more recent news : after our minister of interior payed them a visit and told them something along the lines of `` you are in czech republic , you got ta obey czech laws '' , they started demolishing the place and demanding to be transported to germany . 
  welcome to ex-eastern block countries boyos . 
  welfare here is not quite the `` get loads of dosh for just existing '' , you got ta work your ass off for a living and people here have way more nation - `` defensive '' views , with both positive and negative effects . 
  if i 'd be running for my life from a war , i 'd be happy with somebody giving me even the most crude roof over my head and an opportunity to work , but apparently that 's not what they are after . 
  me no likey czechistan !, 
  who would think that the 40 years of having your country ruled by the worst variety of  socialist < goverment that eventually led to the country economically lagging behind will pay off somehow . 
  crazy world . 
  they should just send her over to some of the men @ frontlines that hadnt seen a woman in quite some time , then she 'll have her `` action '' . 
  it is a religion on paper though , thats the whole point of it . 
  what defines religion ? 
  if there are any official requirements , they are state-specific and fsm meets those in a lot of cases and then it legally is a religion , because how you 're going to desing a law that tests a faith ? 
  religion and laws dont mix all too well . 
  not sure if those are being employed but there are means of jamming satelites and russia is not to be underestimated when it comes to electronic warfare , they supposedly have a system capable of jamming leo satellites . 
  i dont think the sam crew in question is now walking free . 
  they likely all got heart attack and are now listed as missing or killed in action . 
  ca n't have these guys alive should they ever spill the beans or get captured . 
   when i first saw that word i thought it meant somebody being a giant problem-avoiding pussy but its actually pretty innocent , its derived from an actual pussy ( cat ) carefully sneaking around something . 
  have no idea which of the two is more perceived but i like the word  back on topic : got another word for you `` pallywood '' . 
  one of the reasons why people hate israel . 
  israel ( and me generally for that matter ) wasnt really featured in communist propaganda here . 
  i think its more a case of central europeans viewing islam critically , disliking western `` pussyfooting '' around issues with it and thus liking israel for its strongman stance . 
  which is kinda the result of modern day propaganda rather than cold-war era . 
  israel maybe tough on palestinians and not on good terms with shia majority countries but deals with sunni entities that most critics of islam wouldnt approve so its complicated . 
  but its already starting to collide f.e. 
  many people started to think keeping assad is the way to go , but israel wants him gone . 
  me being a mess and nobody getting a good picture as always . 
  a local crime that happened outside of europe . 
  what the heck is it doing here . 
  anybody who whould propose such measures before the attacks would be instantly labeled as nazi , racist , xenophobe , bigot , white supremacist , ultra-nationalist and whatever else there is in pc handbook on countering reason . 
  the whole point of nato is to oppose russia and so is the whole mess in syria . 
  assad in syria = russian naval port in mediterranean , no oil pipeline to europe putting russians out of business . 
  turkey was made part of nato to bottle up russian navy because they sit on bosphorus strait and to generaly keep russian influence in that region in check . 
  ofc erdogan is using this situation to push agenda of his own but ultimately this is usa + subordinates vs russia play from the beginning . 
  though the us realpolitik is getting too `` real '' and the monsters it directly or indirectly created in me are starting to make russia look not so bad and putin is milking pr out of this bigtime . 
   but as a habitable state considering the vastness of the territory without any significant targets , some forest in siberia would probably be one of the most habitable places left on earth , those areas are a lot bigger than f.e. 
  europe with almost nothing there . 
  well at least my bet would be to get the f * ck away from central europe , europe is so packed with population centers it makes sense that every inch of western + central europe would be nuked to shit . 
  yes they are , as any kind of rifle is , as long as it is semi-auto .
