  not a voting fraud really but still , its not hard to understand what he 's getting at no matter how otherwise crazy his rhetoric often is . 
  nope , never head before , thx for link . 
   andorra maybe they dont count winter holidays lol . 
  i was there during the summer and it was kinda empty but it looked like it had capacity to accomodate a ton of people going skiing during the winter . 
  though the empty mountains were awesome for hiking . 
  oh yeah temnozor is good , my other fav ( more burzum like ) is [ this band ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqgn4f3x6xg ) . 
  for some reason , russian nsbm is usually above-average quality bm , shame about the ns part though . 
  it makes it awkward to share ( hey check out this track , ignore the name of the band and dont google the lyrics though ) . 
  the prague coin is ok because even if most of the fighting was already done , people were welcoming the red army , what you describe is something else and definitely doesnt sound like liberation . 
  and i suspect that this behaviour comes from older beefs in the region and/or willingness to fight alongside germans and i completely get the people who did that , because soviet regime was fucking terrible . 
  what i ca n't uderstand is why russians are trying to celebrate this questionable part of history instead of trying to distance from it or at least cherry pick it , because you cant erase more than half a century . 
  how can you be nationalistic and celebrate actions of tyrranical leftwing dictatorship that managed to associate itself with your very national identity and piss off everybody around you for decades to come . 
  `` it wasnt russia , it was communism , we are sorry '' would be a good start , but not this . 
  edit : also noticed berlin is there as `` liberated '' . 
  til enemy is not defeated and conquered , enemy is liberated . 
  fun fact : prague was officially liberated by the red army , however germans were effectively defeated before that by an uprising supported by vlasov 's army , who were soviet pows re-recruited by germans to fight against the red army , but in the end they turned on germans and had a crucial role in the uprising . 
  though red army did liberate everything east of prague and it wasnt a walk in the park , so i 'm not trying to knock em down or anything . 
  the `` vlasovites '' were afterwards all executed and their role in the uprising not really mentioned during communism rule . 
  not a bad idea though you shouldnt fixate on individual characters as the average lifespan is 3-4 episodes before blowing up or getting slaughetered by an antiterror unit . 
  exception being farouk , the 13yo male dancer-stripper and fatima the goat . 
  prague 3 is the bestest prague . 
  konev 's street looks a bit less maintained and chaotic but thats kinda its thing , rest of the district is beatiful old buildings and generally a calm place yet there 's still plenty of stuff to do there and it isnt overpriced . 
  also , local pubs and strip bars have a fine mix of drunk natives and americans to practice your english on :d, 
  nice , merkel taking a page from donald trump 's book . 
  when in doubt , double down on the controversy regardless of reality . 
  some do , but there is disproportional amount of shops , shopping centers , restarurants , museums , stalls and just plain tourist traps compared to the rest of the city . 
  talking especially the buildings on the main streets that are flooded with tourists , inner blocks and back alleys are more livable . 
  i think us has never been about wellfare too much , the obsession with trade deals is because a lot of manufacturing companies left the us and thus left people who do n't want wellfare , but a job , jobless . 
  trump has his renegotiate trade deals + fight illegal immigration and redesign legal immigration flavored approach . 
  bernie had his renegotiate trade deals + minimum wage raise and wellfare flavored approach . 
  support for both is the result of enough people loosing jobs , but sadly one side lost its voice ( sanders ) . 
  though it will leave some impact on future policies of the democratic party or it will spawn an ambitious 3rd party . 
  welp , tourists ( not only chinese ) may be annoying at times , but very few people actually go about their daily lives in the affected central parts of prague , so its not like it bothers too much people and we get the money without anything blowing up , yay !, 
  also i like chatting with the occasional drunk tourists that get lost and wander off to `` non-touristy '' parts , it makes for some interesting conversations ( especially when being intoxicated myself because no english skills are required at that point ) . 
  yeah , sad thing that neither dems or republicans will ever change that unless some serious outrage will happen , which is kinda what is happning with the angry bernie people now , but ofc the dems are doing what their can to act like nothing is happening . 
  stein is sitting at ~ 3 % in the polls which is still nothing but johnson is at ~ 10 % which is at least getting closer to the required 15 % for participating in national debates . 
  which would be a good start at least but i do n't have any illusions about bernie people voting for a libertarian , unless they vote him out of spite , but if they vote out of spite , it 'll be more likely trump ( bernie people are anti-tpp and similar trade deals , which is same as trump , but opposite to johnson ) . 
  but at least its something , maybe this is where real change for us elections start . 
  well , if you look at the bi-party system and how its been shitting on people in the us for so long yet they still wo n't vote 3rd parties ( this is finally changing now with dnc betraying sanders and trump still being disliked by a portion of conservative voters ) , even when one is an establishment-protected criminal and the other is super controversial , it seems that election-wise , nobody is really smart . 
  and looking elsewhere in the world ... yeah politics is a shitshow and people love their shitshows . 
  well , they did make it `` popular '' but with marx born in germany and germany sending lenin over the frontline to kick off the revolution , they deserve some credit too . 
  a fool who has beaten 16 other candidates from a party that did what it could to prevent him from getting the nomination ( much like dems fucked sanders ) . 
  and after rnc convention bump in polls , he was already leading in polling average - that was before the leaks . 
  and he achieved this while being massively outspent in both legit support and hit ads , all while the media is incredibly biased against him and biased for hillary ( collusion of dnc with media is in number of the emails ) . 
  if a fool can achieve this , then you have some pretty high standards for being a fool . 
  nah , corruption is pretty much everywhere . 
  its just that there is so much at stake in your country considering its power so everybody is watching it closely now . 
  things sometimes have to get worse before they get better . 
  with general criminality in mind , yes that is a joke . 
  with terrorism in mind , its a simple truth . 
  not blatantly rewarding people who had to resign because they were implied in the emails , at least somewhat apologize to bernie and do n't flood news cycle with russian hacker conspiracy . 
  but yeah , they probably lost it anyway considering more leaks are supposed to be published . 
   i feel like a new scientific term is needed . 
  `` absorbed '' . 
  isis exists . 
  internet and social media exist . 
  propaganda is a thing . 
  they do n't have to personally instruct each of these fucks to get them to do something and they do n't have to be fresh off a dinghy either . 
  this is beyond pathetic . 
  hillary and dnc are so incredibly corrupt and this is supposed to be a deflection ? 
  * actual experts are still investigating it , the `` russians did it '' claim comes from the company that provided security for dem emails , and failed . 
  * what are the actual indices ? 
  the only thing i heard is that one of the documents that came with the leak had metadata from cracked ms office . 
  * hitlery should pray to whatever she believes in it was n't actually russians or any big cyberwarfare player , because that would mean there is more where that came from and will be delivered at the worst possible time . 
  hopefully including her 30,000 deleted secretary of state emails that would absolutely nuke her . 
  * even if it is true , it does n't make her any less crooked and evil . 
  `` a dead body has been found in your backyard . 
  omg but the russians dug it up while trespassing !!! '', 
  i thought democrats do n't want trump presidency , but this is : how to get trump elected 101 and they keep doubling down on it instead of doing real damage control . 
  edit : now its alleged by fbi as well , pointing to traced ips and reused code which isnt definitive proof considering proxies , but at least its better than cracked ms office . 
  in other news , assagne posted a `` conspiracy '' kinda tweet about the leak origin , hinting at a dnc staffer who was found dead ( 2 shots to back ) in his appartment with nothing stolen . 
   questioning this shooting act by the police is a good thing it automatically isnt . 
  if it is rushed ( before an offical verdict is public ) and especially by a public figure , it can support anti-police sentiment which can be based on truth or on bullshit because the person who calls it isnt a judge . 
   because it keeps them accountable no . 
  what holds police accountable is the justice system . 
  not social network shitposting by uninvolved people . 
   when somebody asks : `` why did you not just incapacitate the axe-holding guy ? 
  then it should be a legitimate question . 
  it would be if he 'd be a robber who didnt strike anybody yet . 
  if somebody decides to threaten other peoples lives he , by the necessity of immediate response with superior force , automatically forfeits his right not to be shot at , until he decides to stop the attack ( again this is czech law but for the sake of law obeing people in germany i hope it is similar over there ) . 
  also a legit question woudl be `` why didnt you shoot him as soon as you saw him and let him cut that persons head in half because you were trying to close the distance to use a taser or a baton or whatever '' . 
  oh great response . 
  it sounds like you do n't know that laws exist to prevent that . 
  each country has a different set of laws for this but generally if a threat level in a situation has been escalated to lethal force ( guy axing people is exactly that ) , you put the guy down asap . 
  hell it doesnt have to be police law even . 
  in this country , you get the same principle in a law about civilian self-defense , lem me sum it up for you : if : 1 the attack is threatening : life , health or property + 2 the attack is clearly about to happen or the attack is underway + 3 the defense is appropriate . 
  * yet it is assumed that defense has to be stronger than the attack to be effective ( gun  axe ) . 
  just not obviously over the top ( gun  some drunk just pushed you a little bit ) . 
  defender is not limited to passive repelling of the attacks , he can actively counter-attack and it will still count as defense . 
  * then , you 're allowed to do what normally would be a crime , to stop the attack . 
  ( which also mean that police doesnt have a monopoly on violence unless in germany you 're not allowed to defend yourself ) if somebody would be rampaging with an axe , even a civilian could legally pull out his ccw and dump a mag into the attacker . 
  i 'm not saying an investigation should n't follow that verifies that no law was violated . 
  but if a situation has escalated that much , it could actually be a bad thing for the policeman to hesitate to use deadly force because he 'd be failing to protect the people he 's supposed to . 
  everything as sensitive as this needs to evaluated and examined individually , blanket statements are meaningless . 
  and politicians/activists/whatever can call out `` was the lethal force of police against the perpetrator justified ? '', 
  as much as they want , but its not their job , its the justice system 's job to determine . 
  as i 've said , there are laws for that and lets stop pretending they dont exist to get some cheap populist political points . 
  but i think the main point of this discussion is that somebody seriously thinks that in this case , the police might have violated mentioned laws which is utterly crazy . 
  because the second you raise an axe against an innocent person , you are begging to be shot unless you put the axe down and let yourself be arrested . 
  \\  an islamic terrorist is running around , butchering unarmed people with an axe .
