  it 's pure idiocy anyway : banning stuff based on what looks like an assault rifle wo n't stop anybody from buying a pure civilian semi-auto chambered in let 's say 7,62 x39 , slap a nice stock , grip , sights and hi-cap magazine on it , and basically ending up with a semi-auto assault rifle - unless they want to ban every accessory that makes that possible . 
  for example one of the cheapest and most reliable guns that people can buy here for competitive rifle shooting or just plinking is the vz58 which looks very like an ak , but why would you screw over czech citizens , did the terrorists get a citizenship here , went through the background checks , exams , got a permit and bought a registered semi-auto ak ? 
  this is just the kinda stupid that will make more people anti-eu, 
  yes our minorities are small but i doubt even if we had 10 % ukrainian or vietnamese population , deeply religious , that they 'd turn into terrorists and start setting up terrorist strongholds that need military/swat and firefights to take out like in france . 
  i dont think their religions preach conquest and unprovoked murder of unbelievers even in the extreme forms . 
  there are no attacks here , because we are a homogenous society , or a nearly homogenous society with no significant muslim minority . 
  we do n't have to live in fear , we dont need to justify police sniffing on every bit of communication or sticking policemen in military gear at every corner , our children can run and play where they want as it should be and there is nothing wrong with wanting to keep it that way . 
  also the statistics on russians etc. 
  can be misleading . 
  it depends on what status are they given and what the statistics count . 
  a lot of them are here on relatively short-term working visas which they keep prolonging and its not always counted in statistics . 
  i live in a neighbourhood where there are only russian and vietnamese shops , russian language is what i hear on the street most of the time and i am totally fine with that . 
  hell there were even russians wearing the orange-black donbas-sympathizing ribbons passing ukrainians on the street and they were friendly to each other . 
  change that to lets say . . turks and kurds . 
  they 'd fight like they do in germany and sweden , girls would fear to go alone anywhere and czechs would move away anyway . 
  hardly limited to muslims ? 
  where are the terrorist attacks commited by chinese and vietnamese minority members in czech and slovak republics , where are the ukrainian , russian and belarussian ( we have ton of each ) orthodox extremists that get radicalised by bloodhungry clerics on czech soil and then proceed to massacre czechs ? 
  btw does accepting people fleeing donbas even qualify as accepting refugees by quota ( poland accepted lot of them ) or does the true eu racism and supremacism come into play here because they are not muslims ? 
  the eu internet political comissars tagging everybody as racist and xenophobe need to understand the motivation of common people that `` suddenly turn bad '' . 
  there is no secret hitler cult and nazi plan of racially purging europe . 
  most of the people labelled as racist and xenophobes do n't give two shits about living in a part of town dominated by a russian or vietnamese minority , they just feel endangered by uncontrolled flood of people who are by religion much easily suspectible to be radicalised and recruited as terrorists meanwhile every other minority is light years far from that . 
  where did i say they should go back fighting or claim the situation is simple ? 
  i only disputed the part about weapons . 
  whenever there is a group of people in the middle east eager to kill , somebody will always give them weapons . 
  also russians with their state of economy arent really in position to fund anybody , they either sell weapons/technology or use it directly , us & saudis are the ones you go to for weapon handouts - see fsa tow squads . 
  saa is fighting with old , rusting soviet-era stuff they got to fight israelis with long time ago , hezbollah gets it stuff from iran and isis ... who knows . 
  it sounds like you are on an internet-warpath against anybody whose opinion diverges from the official juncker-style narrative without properly reading the posts . 
  take a break and relax . 
  they could form ground troops to go with the coalition that is now limited only to airstrikes . 
  deploy through turkey and focus on isis . 
  fighting isis is something everybody can agree on and once they are gone any negotiations should be much easier . 
  but this is unreal for so many reasons ... lets just hope isis eventually collapses without this conflict becoming something much worse since syria became a military playground for too much different countries . 
  where are they going to get weapons ? 
  haha yeah the west really doesnt have a history of giving away weapons to whoever the fuck in middle east . 
  weapons are not a problem . 
  because that is exactly what was hammered into heads of all germans for 70 years now . 
  came to this sub for mountains of salt , am not disappointed . 
  not sure how , but i knew he is going to win since i saw the first news about him regarding republican primaries when everybody dismissed him as unable to get the nom even . 
  if anything , the salt mines are exquisite today . 
  while knowing what is saudi government up to . 
   podesta e-mailed clinton this ( leaked email ) `` while this military/para-military operation is moving forward , we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of qatar and saudi arabia , which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to isis and other radical sunni groups in the region , '' more shit to come . 
  and who is going to get fucked the most by further crises in mena ? 
  europe , gg . 
  that and escalation of syria , expected more mena destabilisation and arming of islamic extremists all while pocketing saudi money . 
  great outlook . 
  but when it inevitably backfires ( again for the nth time ) , there 's the scarecrow of `` far '' right and russia to shift attention to . 
  damn son , they protect-the-russian-speaking-minority 'd their way into the balkan overnight ? 
  impressive . 
  bengaluru , singapore . 
   nanny state trigger word detected , literally hitler confirmed . 
  the horror !, 
  funny thing is they 'll end up reinforcing pro-russia people 's opinions because if they 'll run this counter-effort too blatant , heavy-handed and shitty in general ( as expected from this govt ) its just going to validate the `` west is brainwashing you with its propaganda '' view the target group has . 
  stop triggering us guys, 
   the potential for abuse of this technology is real . 
  it is . 
  however its inevitable . 
  audio and imaging recognition wo n't stop advancing , machine learning and artificial intelligence in general wo n't stop advancing , globally avilable cloud computing power wo n't stop getting cheaper and there are tons of applications of this that will give you serious power . 
  governments and lawmakers are too slow and have troubles grasping even much easier it concepts so the regulations will hardly ever catch up with the development . 
  plus corporations spearheading this development are often out of reach of goverment regulations , or are straight-up buying governments off . 
  fun times ahead . 
  being picky about tobacco brands/checking ingredients and not using the chemical quick-igniting coal limits the chemical intake . 
  getting a bit dizzy and revving up the heart is what i count among known bonuses if you know the limits . 
  an given that i have a big-ass one with a pile of tobacco and coal at home and i fire it up once in one or two months usually because a guest wants to , i do n't consider myself addicted . 
  allright this i can live with it . 
  is hookah considered bad though ? 
  i do n't smoke but i enjoy a good hookah once in a while and i remember a lot of other people including girls with this attitude at high school . 
  you cant take it with you so you cant chain smoke it everywhere , the smoke smells and tastes nice and doesnt linger on your clothing . 
  and now they 're making an alternative to tobacco for it , flavored mineral oil rocks ... thingy which is basically vapour . 
  if he thinks and can prove that this was an outreach by us as part of information warfare it would be kinda big . 
  but seeing as ecuador isnt too friendly with the us its unclear why they cut off his internet . 
  it could be just a stunt to get more attention but that would damage his reputation long-term even further . 
  i 'm surprised this doesnt get any attention given the circumstances and possbile implications . 
  however if assagne is just bluffing to get attention , he 's not gon na get a lot of sympathy . 
  people are expecting the nuclear leaks he hyped up . 
  on the other hand though we might get to see what is in his insurance files if things go that far . 
  anyway its weird there 's little to no coverage of this . 
  it depends on what counts as a police / what was counted in this statistic . 
  hopefully somebody from belarus can answer better but i do n't think there is a lot of crime and they are just creating jobs for young men using some kind of militia , it might even be a part of military draft or something . 
  i 've seen a lot of young men just stand around in busy streets wearing some light fatigues with a belt and sometimes not even carrying a handgun . 
  and my guess is that they are the reason for the high number . 
  though there were also properly armed and equipped guys who looked more like regular police so my guess is that if only these `` upper-tier '' policemen would be counted , the number wouldnt be so high . 
  did you even read it ? 
  this is not his typical ethnonationalism rant . 
  more like of a r/polandball story minus the engrish and mspaint . 
  for people who had private businesses and farms pre-communism it wasnt so happy ( stuff confiscated , you persecuted and your kids would be disadvantaged when getting jobs and college edu ) . 
  also generally people with higher education and broader horizons would see the gloom of it , and here in particular after the 68 warsaw pact intervention even people who liked communism were deeply disappointed with that particular feature . 
  on the other hand , you had the simple working man from the country or industry and those were quite happy , lotta jobs , not just in big towns , lot of todays paperwork simply didnt exist , everything was simpler , food was locally produced at the collectivist farms , you got cheap state sponsored housing , social events etc. 
  - lot of old pensioners remember this as the good old times . 
  source : i had literally every single one of these stereotypes in my family . 
  yeah , vk itself is like an another internet , complete with warez and pornsites, 
  that and every other headline ( especially when upvoted on reddit ) seems to be breaking while its not . 
  in short , clickbaiting . 
  same achievement is in the new hearts of iron iv . 
  same dev studio i assume . 
  in context of international relations , pre-emptive strike may be an attack but in context of military tactics it can be a part of more mobile/fluid defensive doctrines . 
  defense has evolved since immobile , trench warfare where not moving anywhere was the definition of defense . 
  the article doesnt mention if the context of the simulated situation is starting a war or if they are already in a war , under pressure and in order to make sure their defense holds up , they strike enemy infrastructure . 
   wtf are ngos doing there agitating ? 
  earning their paycheck , what else . 
  g by km sounds off for nuclear energy .
