  depending on what categories are you applying for , you need to shoot a basic pistol paper target . 
  for what most people apply for ( self-defense , sport usage , collecting ) i think its at 10m and you need to land at least 3 shots out of 5 on the paper . 
  time limit is long enough , but usually the examiner pays attention to how you handle the gun . 
  ( no vawing it around , reasonable trigger discpiline , always treating it like its live and may order you to pretend there is a stoppage and show what you 're gon na do with it ) . 
  if you do something stupid , like when he 's talking to you and you turn around with the barrel poiting his direction also , you failed . 
  sounds complicated but really only unpatient and thick people ca n't do it . 
  i 'd argue that moving away from conscripts has more reasons , like when you 're in a pact that assures that direct country on country warfare would make humanity go near-extinct , you 're limited to proxy wars and fucking up piss poor countries that have no hope in hell of winning - then you 're fine with a smaller force . 
  though it is a possibility that if there would be something like the bataclan shooting , which had jihadis randomly running through the streets and executing helpless people and you 'd mix armed citizens among that mess , you 'd get chaos , people with itchy trigger fingers shooting anything that moves etc. 
  but i still think it is worth it . 
  when you watch the videos and you see people who are in a corner , under a table or something ( police still en route ) , nowhere to run , nothing to do ( police still en route ) and the guy just casually walks up to them ( police still en route ) and shoots them in the head ( too late for police ) - i 'd bet in that position , anybody would wish they had a damn gun . 
  czexas !, 
  ok , the fringe case of a home-brewed shooter . 
  shouts czech , looks czech . 
  - ok , more signs : so you see a guy who has a gun , is shooting it but clearly isnt acting like he 's in a gunfight , not taking cover , not expecting return fire , he 's running in the open , chasing down unarmed people who scream in horror and run before him . 
  there 's your guy , take aim . 
  * sigh * it already works like this here and we 're just fine . 
  this proposal is ~ ~ redundant . ~ ~ edit : a safeguard against an eu ban . 
  vigilante justice is when you exact a verdict an punishment by yourself , without the state and the state is cool with it , like now in phillipines . 
  when a jihadi in a truck is plowing through a crowd and the police is not yet there , anybody who has a gun can light him up . 
  its defense against an ongoing threat , not vigilante justice . 
  then when its over , you 're still judged . 
  there is already legislation allowing exactly this . 
  jesus this thread , people calm your tits . 
  * you can already get a license allowing you to own and carry ( concealed ) firearms . 
  you need a clear criminal record , a brain and two hands . 
  * there is also legislation that allows you to do in defense things that would normally be a crime if ( doesnt have to be only shooting ) life , health and property is under attack . 
  each case is judged whether the defense was appropriate or not in which case you 're back to crime territory . 
  you basically already can draw your handgun and magdump into a guy who drives a truck into a crowd or whips out an ak in public and starts yelling allahu akbar . 
  ~ ~ this proposal is just an attempt to earn some popularity points with the populace or something i guess . ~ ~ edit : it aims to override any potential eu gun bans . 
  so just making sure it stays the way it is . 
  and oddly enough no , its not a wild west or phillipine-style vigilante justice out here . 
  come visit prague , book a shooting range and an instructor , shoot some guns and chill out . 
  terrorist doesnt always has to use a firearm . 
  truck , axe , knife ? 
  2016 had them all and more . 
  a terorrist is likely to have an accent or to not speak czech at all , from most terrorist attack footage you 'll see they are more than glad to give themselves away by yelling god is great in arabic , also they wo n't look similar to a czech unless we 're talking chechnyans . 
  besides getting concealed carry license is about as difficult as getting drivers license already and whoever ( with clear record ) wants to own and carry a gun , can do that here . 
  well the common conspiracy theory on this is that if there is a push to force some sort of confrontation with russia , its time is shrinking as trumps inauguration is getting near . 
  we 'll have to see if the accusations/news of dnc hacking and syria warcrimes will get more serious and there 'll be more outrage or not . 
  however time is ticking and i think putin realizes all he has to do is keep cool for a few days more . 
  that is not evidence . 
  at least not evidence that the govt can act on . 
  this post was also on / r/politics , gilded and upvoted to kingdom come but its is still the same : claims by crowdstrike - the compromised it sec firm wapo + its `` anonymous '' sources . 
  `` moderate confidence '' , etc. 
  its not definite and proven . 
  there are several ( but downvoted ) posts that say the same basically . 
  when cia will present evidence to congress under oath , then shit gets real . 
  more importantly , unlike the leaked emails which actually exist , the evidence of russian meddling has been all talk so far , no real evidence . 
  and by evidence i dont mean shitty it security company deflecting with `` muh russians '' because they werent able enforce basic usage of secured emails for powerful political entity and no `` muh russia '' when the podesta creep gets his email phished like a noob . 
  no i 'm talking cia briefing congress with actual forensic evidence . 
  which cia refuses to do . 
  russia has cyberwarfare capability but this is just desinformation campaign to make sure dnc does n't have to reevalue actual failures and rework the party around people that actually had people 's support like bernie sanders and who got cheated out of the nomination as revealed by `` muh russians '' . 
   but that does n't mean russia ca n't be , relatively , much worse . 
  which i didnt imply and was kinda the point . 
  i reacted to the statement , that you ca n't compare them . 
  but actually on the basis of both being self-serving entities with ambitions beoynd their borders both with dirty record , you can compare them and it is exacty what you outlined with  ca n't be , relatively , much worse . 
  that largely depends on what is the scope of comparison , which wasnt outlayed in this thread precisely anywhere except when you did for your own post . 
  i assumed the scope of the comparison would be general geopolitical relevance which is not based solely off what you listed . 
  pakistan doesnt span fuckton of timezones and doesnt border eu and china at the sime time . 
  pakistan has nukes , but not means to deliver them globally en masse , like using fleet of nuclear subs and an active icbm development program that aims to stay ahead of defense systems . 
  pakistan doesnt have claims on vast regions of the arctic and its resources and has no means to act on those claims . 
  pakistan does n't have secret service and `` cyber '' departments with capability to influence or straight up subvert stronger countries as much as a successor of ussr which has a lot of experience . 
  russia does fall behind on hard numbers everywhere , however they try to punch above their weight using specialized set of assets aimed more at denial than competition ( focusing on aa tech instead of large modern airforce , maintenance of mutually-assured-destruction instead of sophisticated missile defense systems . . 
  etc. ), 
   but is also truth that absolutely nobody here have to speak russian anymore , there is no reason why they should . 
  go clubbing in prague - zizkov , vysehrady and surrounding districts . 
  makes for decent friday night russian lessons , use vodka to accelerate process . 
  not mentioning karlovy vary , that is a half russian town . 
  really ? 
  both do realpolitik with russia being more low-budget brutish , directly involved in dirty work and often not bothering to come up with sophisticated excuses . 
  us has done : coups , proxy wars , straight up war based on made-up casus belli ( saddams ' wmds ) , opportunistic arming of groups that would later become terrorist groups , outsourcing torture , being cool with one authoritarian while toppling another , global surveillance including allied states ( thx4tip snowden ) , drone programs ... stop kidding ourselves the us is crystal-clear enforcer of good with no hidden motives driven by self-interest . 
  are they the lesser evil for the 1st world countries ? 
  for number of reasons yes , however the aftermath of us foreign policy in middle east and north africa is not helping . 
  huh , the more educated ones probably . 
  by `` goddamn desert people '' i meant that using this he 'd attack them on ethnicity in general , both arabs and berbers but i dont think majority of supporters of `` xenophobic '' movements have an issue with different ethnic backgrounds as in different pigment , body proportions etc. 
  which is something one is born with and can not change and it is bigotry to base politics upon that . 
  however different societal model and ways of thinking still deeply influenced by a dogmatic religion of that region is a cause for concern . 
  i dont think there would be as much dislike for islam as there is if a good chunk of islamic countries didnt persecute atheists , gays and terrorist attacks in its name would n't be commited all over the globe . 
  its nationality , which doesnt necessarily have to be the same ethnicity . 
  in this case you 're looking for the arabic and berber ethnics . 
  and i dont think wilders 's main argument is `` goddamn desert people '' . 
   assign a negative stereotype to a certain group  spreads the idea that an ethnicity is inherently bad he got convicted for `` do you want less morrocans ? '' . 
  is that assigning a negative stereotype ? 
  that is assuming that there is a demand because of already having a negative stereotype assigned and it doesnt have to be assigned by him . 
  also morrocan isnt ethnicity nor is islam which he is ranting about usually . 
  his ( and many other people 's ) main gripe is the questionable compatiblity of secular , free-thinking society with the ideology/religion that has a good chunk of fanatical followers that arent so cool with secularism , atheism , etc. 
  and not all rejection of foreing groups is based on irrational fear of different looking people . 
  for example here in cz we got a sizeable vietnamese minority . 
  i 'm cool with them , but a lot of people have critical view of them because they are as a fact , more likely to cheat on taxes , sell contraband etc. , nobody gives a flying fuck about different looks . 
  similar deal with ukrainians getting bad rap because of instances of organized crime . 
  ukrainians are the same ethnic , use language from the same family , yet there is still negative sentiment against them sometimes and it has nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  sometimes groups of people can `` assign '' negative stereotypes to themselves . 
  i do n't doubt for a second that there are geniune racists that are more than happy to align themselves with movements like the wilders 's one , but i dont think that europe/us has as many racists as similar movements have supporters , racism isnt the main thing driving these . 
  and opposition trying to inject identity politics into fucking everything and call everybody racist is just making itself look stupid and loose support . 
  ah , good . 
  we 're likely to build two more . 
  funnily enough it wasnt just greens , it was fp\u00d6 who threatened to block our entry into eu if we build more reactors for temelin back in the day . 
   all the while the media was parroting clinton 's relation to isis media like who ? 
  cnn , nbc , bbc ? 
  doubt it .
