  will it have a big beautiful door in the middle of it so the honest russian vacationers with energy-efficient tourist ~ ~ t-90ms ~ ~ caravans can come in legally ? 
  replace cider with vodka , sitting down with squatting ( because dont wan na get that tracksuit dirty and that ass cold ) and its like russian gopniks in blue :d, 
  well we have potential and being intelligent life , a sort of rarity but we dont know yet how much rare that is . 
  but to the insane vastness of universe in both space and time , we 're nothing . 
  for how long humans have been here ? 
  on just one little planet of which there are 100 of billions in our galaxy , of which there are 200 + - billion in the observable universe and we have no idea how big is the rest of it or if we ever find out what is there unless we break the speed of light somehow . 
  all this involves distances and timescales that make earth as significant as a single grain of sand in sahara and thats maybe overstating things and our entire history so far one pixel visible for a fraction of second of in a long ass hd movie and that is definitely overstating . 
  also if the `` heat death of the universe '' theory is right , nothing matters anyway . 
  though there are tons of theories , nothing is dogma and as we progress some get disproven , some proven , some progress , some question everything we 've come up with so far ... shit is overwhelming . 
    can you run wearing a hijab ? 
   can you run wearing a cap ? 
  i 'd be more concerned about restricted peripherial vision and situational awareness in a firefight and the thing getting in the way in general . 
  i would not want to serve with another cop who is supposed to have my back but he/she hampers her/his combat performance because of imaginary sky friend rules . 
  superstitional stuff has no place in professional environment . 
  note that `` earth-like '' is very broad term . 
  it usually means its within a certain `` ideal '' range of the system 's star , but it still can be a tidally-locked hunk of rock with infernal atmosphere . 
  also `` only '' 4 light years ... yes it is super small distance in the scope of the observable universe but for us and our technology its still insanely far . 
  but i hope we 'll get there , or somewhere else one day . 
  every time i read about space , its known and guessed properties and its exploration i get the feeling how irrelevant and petty human struggles are . 
  not a big surprise , israel sells weapons almost to everybody and so does any country with military industry regardless of supposed allegiances or morals , ofc with the exception of direct rivalries and crazies like n. korea . 
  money  all . 
  liveleak and similar sites are full of footage showing that it does end badly at least for domestic terrorists . 
  be it radical prayer house raids , arrests , weapon stash raids etc , the typical image at the end is a bunch of explosion-torn , bullet-ridden corpses . 
  but its hard to know whats really going on in there and on which scale , they do n't have a bunch of unruly 1-2-3rd generation migrants from middle east , they have entire muslim regions in the federation so i guess that makes things much more heated . 
  i do n't quite get this , japanese doing something `` while ww2 ... '' ? 
  japanese fought on the side of the axis in ww2 and they started they conquering and genocide before germans got it rolling and even surrendered after them . 
  i 'd phrase it more like : most of us dont know what japan was doing ont their free time meanwhile adolf was still relatively tame and was just playing the western appeasers . 
  though its true that generally people dont know what happened over there and somehow think they werent nearly as bad as nazis . 
  well not just ownership , that is legal in a lot of countries . 
  what is important is the legal possibility to carry a gun concealed . 
  law doesnt specify type but requires that the weapon is well hidden so that in pratice narrows it down to pistols and revolvers which by themselves are illegal in some countries where only rifles for hunting are legal . 
  so i 'd say we stand out in two things : handgun ownership + obtainable ccw licenses . 
  ccw saved a friends life so yeah , its pretty valid argument for him . 
  chinese would wipe the floor with the derka-derkas . 
  the swiss eat little meat and shit a lot ? 
  am i translating this right ? 
  nah , \u0161ukat isnt from female dog ( btw that is \u010duba or \u010dubka in czech ) . 
  before \u0160ukat became the word mainly for fucking , it meant to frantically move from a place to place , back and forth as if you 'd do when searching for something in a hurry . 
  ( source , we only looked up swear words as kids in official czech vocabularies at school ) . 
  so it made a transition from searching to moving around frantically , moving back and forth and from that it wasnt much of a leap to fucking which largely consists of moving back and forth fast . 
  old czech writing supposedly had these permutations and the \u0161\u010d\u0165 . . etc. 
  were introduced by a reformer to make it easier to write and get it right so i guess his plan worked  though to make the slavic languages accesible for foreigners who are familiar with english the best way is to provide versions of the words where the `` special letters '' are anglicized into combos that make the same sound in english : for example : \u0161 = sh * \u0161t\u011bst\u00ed * would be probably something like * shtyestee *, 
  sure :d if the budget will be big enough i 'll make them animated and use the phone 's accelerometer to make them bounce accordingly if you shake the phone !, 
  i do not guarantee though what would f.e. 
  a lenin 's statue with misplaced bouncing tits look like . 
   szcz\u0119\u015bcie / szcz\u0119\u015bliwy ( pl )  \u0441\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c\u0435 / \u0441\u0447\u0430\u0441\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0432\u044b\u0439 ( ru )  \u0161t\u011bst\u00ed / \u0161\u0165astn\u00fd ( cz ) ( * \u0161\u0165astliv\u00fd * is less used but closer to above ) we made '' szcz '' into '' \u0161t '' and/or '' \u0161\u0165 '' ( depending on the following letter ) . 
  yeah if the virtual stuff is making people do things in real life on the location , that could be restricted . 
  but generally its impossible to restrict what can be `` enhanced '' in virtual reality because you ca n't see into everybodys computer and every programmers mind . 
  nobody owns virtual space , its impossible because its virtual . 
  i can whip up an app that displays tits at random locations through smartphone screen . 
  and somebody else can make a pc application that uses google maps or something as a base for a grand strategy game of world conquest . 
  its just random data loosely tied to a location , without the actual location having any ties to the infinite number of possible virtual stuff that can be `` there '' . 
  social media have been acknowledged as as a tool by politicians , this will become the norm . 
  hillary clinton has her own heavily funded ctr - correct the record `` troll factory '' . 
  the day that project was launched with several mil $ budget , there was a jump in / r/politics number of subscribers and overall neutrality of the sub went to crap . 
  i think we 're gon na see more of these or there already is tons not discovered yet . 
  actually i 'd just leave him to do his thing , provide him with a fake syria contact that pretends it can send new isis fighters there and use him to drain your country of radicals . 
  what the contact would be actually doing is leading the nutters to some disposal facility in the middle of nowhere . 
  yes i was there as a tourist but despite the stuff i mentioned i didnt feel unsafe , the fact that the locals were pretty cool headed about the whole thing ( not so much about driving haha ) only helped that . 
  israel is the only me place i 've been to and i dont intend to change that , would definitely go again since i missed a bunch of interesting sites . 
  yep , they test the sirens every wednesday first week in a month here . 
  also can confirm israel , was there during summer 2 years ago when the rocket attacks were frequent and shit was indeed surreal . 
  siren goes off , go to the reinforced room , wait , carry on , no big deal . 
  they even had comedy sketches on tv involving funny situations when running to shelter . 
  this one time i was chilling out near water in a tel aviv port and an insurgent rocket got intercepted above by a counter-rocket , audible and visible but nobody really gave a fuck . 
  exactly . 
  a shitty journalist sees any gun : muh military-grade , high-capacity , cop-killer , assault automatic ak-47 . 
  there we go , thats a headline , get it out boys !, 
  what is the original word in polish ? 
  is it similar to ours `` cik\u00e1n '' ( + i if plural ) ? 
  trump shouts a lot of outrageous stuff to get free coverage and i would much rather see somebody else , be it 3rd party or a democrat who doens ' t have such shady history and high unfavourability . 
  doubts about clinton continuing failed policies is one of the things that keep trump afloat and she did n't say anything concrete on syria/isis ( neither did trump apart from promising `` bombing the shit out of them '' and hinting at larger scale ground operation done in cooperation with russia , but all of this are just stuff he tells at rallies ) . 
  what i 'm angry about is the fact that clinton and trump are the only people who can make each other look electable and had clinton been taken out earlier , dems could nominate somebody who would defeat trump with ease . 
  if there are any other leaks with the promised super-incriminating content about to be dropped at strategic moments , then trump presidency will be also largely democrats fault . 
  simplification of recommending indictment and further investigation . 
  effectively , they prevented her from getting into the stage where she would be proven guilty . 
   would you rather they did nothing ? 
  sit back and let the isis cancer grow until it takes baghdad and damascus ? 
  the goal wasnt initially to fight isis , it was to overthrow gadhafi ( check ) assad ( in progress ) . 
  it is impossible to vet all the groups in the region and decide which one should get weapons . 
  also isis magically doesnt make everyone else in the region fair recipien of weapons . 
  many of the rebel groups are radical islamists as well , best example being nusra . 
  these places are unstable as hell and throwing advanced weapons into the mix to whoever currently seems to be on `` your '' side is very iresponsible . 
  arming taliban backfied as well and that was one relatively stable group with one well defined enemy . 
  edit : also defending baghdad is job of regular iraqi army who should get weapons and shia militias that get weapons from iran . 
  defending damascus is assad 's job who is propped up by russia and who was the original target . 
  rebels have the opposite idea when it comes to defending damascus . 
   or perhaps you 'd prefer trump in the white house , threatening to bring nukes into the mix . 
  and here goes the fearmongering that was for many years thought as far-right 's domain . 
  by this logic putin would already nuked half the world . 
  wow , who whould have guessed ? 
  btw comey , good job on not finding clinton guilty , maybe that 'll result in her sending even more us weapons to lybia and syria for `` moderate opposition '' that 'll eventually end up in europe , ca n't wait for the first manpad/atgm terrorist attack . 
  yes . 
  our country has no such problems despite citizens being able to obtain conceal carry license for handguns as easily as driving license and every policeman carrying a gun . 
  also we do n't have any terrorist attacks and people from prague are n't ambushing buses with chinese tourists . 
  its not about guns its about homogenity . 
  well that depends on what election are you referring to . 
  primaries were dirty , dirty games on both sides . 
  dnc nom was pre-made for hillary and bernie was just a disposable millenial vote-atractor and from the day he started running it was made impossible for him to win , and other crap hence the resignation by schultz . 
  gop made it pretty clear from the start that they do n't want to nom trump and they blatantly did what they could within the rules to stop him .
