  police : `` wait up plebs , got ta doublecheck first . '', 
  not really related but for some reason i feel like i need to post [ this ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/klzqm79hiraiok8avgvmh4nxuyt5h39woojfbp70ork.jpg?w=679&amp;s=022eac9152a2690318d6b6c1bbc22c2c ) here . 
  original reddit thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/40c2e2/stereotypical_japanese_girl_with_stereotypical/, 
  i think its time to buy some property near german borders , thx for the heads up thomas maiziere . 
  `` i swear on me pinky i was just bringing that can of oven cleaning spray home . '', 
  oh lol i 'm so glad i can carry a gun if i want to here even though we really do n't need it here ( yet ) . 
  you have a point . 
  they strive for any kind of media attention and the scarier they are presented the better for them . 
  media should paint them in the most insulting , demeaning way possible while minimalising any `` scary '' and `` sophisticated '' impression of whatever they do . 
  this just in : `` a pathetic useless piece of garbage just drove a truck into a crowd in nice '', 
  this is downvoted . 
  this . 
  seriously ? 
  here of all places where we are all scared of eeevul pooootin trying to influence european politics ... 
  but stating that only american people decide about their presidential elections is apparently bad . 
  right . 
  fuck your double standards people . 
  thats a speculation . 
  ofc there is going to be kickback from countries that benefit from tradedeals that trump deems unfair and wants to redo/cancel . 
  but he also at multiple occasions stated that `` it 'd be nice if we got along with russia '' , doesnt sound too inflamatory to me . 
  meanwhile , for hillary there is a record of her fucking up middle east and we can only assume this would continue , so no kthxbai . 
  but apparently frank-wanker is cool with that . 
  getting directly hit while standing by a truck going 100 + kmh would be instant death but what you have in mind . . yeah thats bad . 
  well that entirely depends on circumstances . 
  both things can kill you in a fraction of a second or mangle you and let you die a long , painful death . 
  i 'm actually surprised that the terrorists did n't figure this out sooner and/or did n't get better at using it . 
  you want to kill as much random people as possible but do n't wan na go through the hassle of doing it with guns/explosives , or even - do you want to outperform guns and explosives when it comes to efficiency ? 
  so there is this massive metal thing on wheels that can be turned into a giant projectile with a shitton of kinetic energy and it isnt exactly hard to operate or get one . 
  the perfect weapon for attacking crowds and it was a truck the whole time !, 
  whoa , little isis rat minds are blown . 
  i do n't think people get this properly . 
  when is tries to take `` credit '' for an attack , i do n't think they really mean `` this guy had direct ties to us , we gave him resources , training and motivation '' . 
  no , its just the motivation and it doesnt have to be direct . 
  just the fact that is exists and spreads its propaganda is imo an important contributing factor to make some of these people snap and attack . 
  no , you 're all wrong . 
  this did n't happen at all . 
  all made up . 
  this is very sophisticated `` penetration '' of european news agencies by putin 's pro-far-right propaganda . 
  learned about it too . 
  some czechoslovakians volunteered to fight there . 
  ( at least from perspective of our education ) finnish civil war , winter war and continuation wars are less known and polish-soviet war of 1920 even more so . 
  lol them assumptions : \\  implying pegida are nazis \\  implying pegida have gotten control of police , secret service , part of military , are continually shutting down opposition media and replacing people in other imporant posts . 
  its not stance on religion , its stance on governing the country with religion . 
  it wouldnt be the first time turkish army has done it but this time it looks like the ataturks legacy is gone for good . 
  media tries to paint a different picture but most of eastern europe 's common peeps with the exception of politicians and ngos love trump . 
  its only a matter of time because all the current european establishment can do to effectively halt this is nothing , just maintain the status quo . 
  and more attacks will happen . 
  western europe 's biggest military and business partner will be ruled by radical-islam-hating nationalist , that has to rub off over time . 
  daesh has access to explosives and knows how to make them from commonly accessible components . 
  the truck was reported to have guns and explosives on board . 
  this only proves that , something as big , sturdy and heavy as truck is one hell of a weapon when accelerated into a crowd . 
  if they just took the guns and grenades from the truck and attacked the crowd , they would kill less people before being gunned down by the police . 
  these fuckers proved to the others that even though they had guns and explosives a truck did the job better and i fear that more will follow because it requires much less skill and hassle to get a truck than a rifle and explovies . 
  and good luck to ec with drawing up legislation to restrict access to trucks . 
  you 'd have to be incredibly naive to think that was viable even prior to this conflict . 
  or there just are n't any , though the police should absolutely treat it as a possibility . 
  isis has called upon people who look up to them to attack in europe with anything at hand and listed cars as viable weapon . 
  and they are not wrong as demonstrated . 
  big vehicle alone is in the right spot on par or even worse than an explosive or a `` scary assault '' gun . 
  that is the biggest reason for their success . 
  foreign propaganda would be limited to uneffective bullshit nobody buys if domestic media and politicians would n't be downplaying stuff . 
  all foreign elements have to do is just pick it up and present it . 
  edit : not saying that rt/sputnik does not put a spin on stories if they need to , but they 're just getting dream material handed to them on a silver platter and they do n't have to do much . 
  and i 'm not particularly happy that russia is exploiting current situation , but i 'm also not happy about whoever created/exposed this weakness to be exploited and left it up for grabs for far too long . 
  except there is a huge difference between a few decades old , originally economic union of states held together relatively loosely and a freaking nation state that has forged its identity for hundreds if not thousands of years and essentialy is a massive , evolved tribe that is held together by bonds so incomparably stronger that it can go through centuries of surpression , legal non-existence and then resurface , thus something akin to a state will always automatically form even if you `` disband '' it . 
  it is impossible to disband a nation state unless you resort to genocide via killing/raping it out of existence . 
  basically yeah , same principle . 
  though it never occured to me to make the connection . 
  ancient europe foreign relations must have been interesting . 
  would love to see the first encounters of slavs and germans presuming it wasnt all just fighting . 
  somewhere i 've read that at that time `` nemy '' did n't mean only mute , but also generally incomprehensible murmur . 
  so my favourite explanation is germans = `` murmuring ones '' . 
  also one of the explanations for slavs calling eachother slavs , is derived from `` slovo '' meaning word - so other people using the same words who can understand eachother . 
  so , pretty simple view of the world for the old slavs : * can understand what you 're saying ? 
  you 're a slav . 
  * what is this gibberish ? 
  you 're a german . 
  i know its not difficult to remember and i do remember , but i like to poke around technicalities and it just seems odd to me . 
  though it sounds downright retarded when i read somewhere that * ( insert semitic middle eastern group of people that do n't have the best opinion of israel ) * have anti-semitic views : u what mate ? 
  am i the only one confused by the word anti-semitic ? 
  afaik semites arent just jews ( who dont have to be semites even ) . 
  i feel like anti-judaism or something would be better . 
  doesnt progress mean generally change for the better ? 
  in the `` progressives '' case its change for change 's sake but that does n't mean its progress . 
  i 'd say there is a similar percentage of people in every country that are suspectible to do twisted shit when given the opportunity and incentive . 
  regardless of what is the `` host nation '' , as soon as some kind of crisis and hardship kicks off , these people will stick to what is locally the dominant aggresive ideology and go do evil shit . 
  for middle-east , radical islam does the job , for europe it was nazism , stalinism etc. 
  but europe 's population is currently too well off to start any major shit so i 'd argue that our shooters are genuine nutcases , given how rare they are . 
  come proper hardship and we 'll have our version ( numbers and ruthlesness wise ) of isis , no problem . 
  do n't worry , us has plenty of time until november 7th to beat england in political drama and everything so far indicates that it will out-crazy brexit with ease . 
  and then they go : hurr durr evuuul nationalists are getting popular because of made up fearmongering and russian funding , their arguments have absolutely no basis in reality and in no way its our fault as well , 0 % . 
  move along plebs , everything is fine . 
  i 'd like to add that calling everything scapegoats and populism can be a harmful demagogy in itself . 
  where is the line that divides populism and `` legit '' will of people that is democracy supposed to represent ? 
  where does that end and when populism starts ? 
  isnt there a danger of somebody dismissing voter 's wishes as `` populism '' ? 
  and dismissing everything as scapegoats can harm a society if they are not properly investigated because what if there is an actual hint of a real problem among the `` scapegoats '' that is being purposefully swept under the rug . 
  while there certainly have been effort by right-leaning entities to `` stir shit up '' , they wouldnt be able to achieve this level of mess if the public discontent wouldnt be fueled by establishment mistakes as well . 
  maintaining status quo and doing nothing despite obvious public discontent , because everything is a right wing fearmonger 's `` scapegoat '' and dismissing most opposition as `` uneducated old racist populists '' despite almost a half of the population of one of the oldest democracies falls in that `` category '' ... - that certainly doesnt help to calm things down . 
  i thought its so obvious i do n't need to add / s.
