  i 'd like an example , really no jab intended . 
  only major thing i can think of is pre-ww2 soviet-german military cooperation and usa lend-lease to ussr which doesnt fit the scenario too well even . 
  if you mean supplying weapons freely to insurgents to fuel instability , then yeah that did backfire but when actually exporting for profit , not as part of geopolitical play , i cant think of any examples . 
  because there shouldnt be any picking favourites when it comes to murderers and thieves , they are right up there with nazis , who are banned . 
  not my first elections , but i 'm in the same boat . 
  an oligarch and his crew , diet commies ( seriously why the fuck did they have to come up with that tax idea recently , its not getting them any points ) , real commies , the ods zombie , turncoat christians and the hey-fellow-kids party - its just a sea of nope . 
  i used to like sso , but looks like they lost their steam ( if they ever had any ) , ca n't stomach the greens and their endless virtue signalling and that little stropnicky prick , being an it guy pirates have some valid points regarding the internet for me , but i wouldnt trust them to govern anything . 
  i have some hope for the realiste party , seeing as they are capable enough to get some attention but i need to read up on them more before i decide . 
  they usually use it on their banners in large font followed by some addition in smaller font , like `` yes , it 'll be better '' , `` yes , we can do this and that ... '' . 
  its cringey but i guess it works for them . 
  smoked lardon is a nice touch . 
  personally i 'd still add onion to the cheese , onion-less variant , but not fresh , just small glazed strips that 'd stick to the cheese after heating it up a little bit . 
  10 % is okay . 
  stale baguette with freshly diced onion served up the rear ? 
  wtf is a `` french attack '' ? 
  am i the only one who thinks this sounds really badly worded ? 
  attack on french people , attack on france or something like that would sound better . 
  the original title makes it seem like the opposite . 
  or is this the side effect of shit like this becoming the norm ? 
  just another `` french attack '' ? 
  in distant past : religious wars between christian sects . 
  in recent past : communism . 
  in general ( my speculation ) : the i-dont-care-as-long-as-i-can-have-beer-and-chill-out mentality . 
  compact `` shopping cart '' cars ? 
  small hatchbacks ? 
  or just anything that is not a giant us-style pickup truck ? 
  i 'm just guessing here . 
  prolly trying to hack up some phlegm . 
  haha , though at least he was the one person being weird . 
  i looked around and a lot of tables were doing this , madness !, 
  not sure how popular it really is but when i visited basque , a friendly family took us out for a dinner , everything was very nice and tasty but they ordered a big sort of jar of beer ( almost a litre i think ) and a bunch of some sweet fizzy water in 0,3 glasses and poured a lil bit of beer in those . 
  i was in shock , ordered that jug of beer for myself and downed it to recover from the shock . 
  edit : ofc this is meant jokingly , basque and its people were awesome . 
  how long are they going to be in prison , will they be in contact with other radicals , and is the endgame to consider them `` rehabilitated '' at some point and release them back to society ? 
  is 's end is drawing near . 
  us administration no longer supports syrian jihadists and gen. mattis has a deadline of 1 month to prepare a plan to end isis . 
  and even without us , the russia-syria-iran axis alongside with kurds and the now capable iraqi army are going to end them soon anyway . 
  is fighters will be killed in droves so send some more nutcases over there while is still exists to get rid of them . 
  those that will flee are going to pose as refugees so they dont need passport anyway . 
  originating from a city on borders with poland , been to poland many times , i have no idea . 
  but i would guess because of the difference in view on religion and some news outlets made a few times big story outta some food of questionable quality being imported and it stuck in peoples heads despite most of polish produce being pretty damn good . 
   they dont like us much for some reason i 'm pretty sure that one is the other way around . 
  currently at work so i ca n't go through all the pages of current proposal but last time i checked there was some nutty stuff made up by people who have absolutely no clue . 
  thanks to our visegrad , scandinavian and baltic bros for pushing against this nonsense with us . 
  first i was sceptic about introducing gun rights to our constitution but hell , it ca n't come soon enough . 
  where did i suggest that russian influence is not what is happening ? 
  i said that they are capitalizing on eu 's mistakes . 
  and while ukrainian crisis and russian intervention in syria could be direct destabilising factors eu has no hand in , i dont think they reach the magnitude of european countries together with usa fucking up : afghanistan , libya , iraq , syria and then underestimating the surge of hundreds of thousands of people entering eu countries mostly illegally . 
  also there are thing like the us drone program which was under obama expanded to iirc 7 countries , which does have civilian casualties and is one of the things seeding deep hatred for west in those regions . 
  its a shitty deflection move that wo n't work in the end . 
  sure , russians are blowing air into the fire , but they did n't start the fire . 
  and making it all about russian influence whilst not giving a shit about the underlying causes that started this ( except for the few soon-to-be-forgotten last minute pre-election statements ) does nothing . 
  this mess is of eu 's own making and if not for it , russians would have nothing nowhere near as effective to cause disruption with . 
  the real solution to `` far-over-the-hills-and-the-seas right and muh putin hackermanz '' is to own up , recognize the fuckups , take initiative , dont be on the defensive with shitty deflection , but hell would have to freeze over first . 
  they were producing them for the army up until 2011 and afaik the army received and started using every batch . 
  but still , i would call that mothballed , tank graveyard suggest they let them rust somewhere and then check 30 years later if they can even open the hatches , which is something i 'd expect them to do with t-55s , not t-90s , but eh , with russians , you never know . 
  t-90s dont need to be restored , its their current mbt and they keep a bunch operational . 
  its t-55s and t-72s that they refurbish and give to assad and the east-ukr separatists . 
  side note : that is one sweet looking new ak model , some iteration of ak-12 i guess . 
  replace `` european '' with soviet or socialist and this sentence would make a perfect slogan , printed yellow-on-red for some october-revolution marches . 
  so much zealot leftist ideologs in this sub , mostly from western countries which i find bizarre . 
  they were both bent on exterminating groups of people designated by their ideology . 
  for national socialists it was by ethnicity , jews being the primary target , for socialists it was by class , elites/intelligent people being the primary target . 
  hitler , stalin and mao have both tens of millions of deaths on their hands with the difference that the nazi crimes are pretty well documented because they got defeated , stalin and mao 's bodycounts are crude estimates with crazy ranging because they never got interrupted . 
  bottom line is they are the worst human beings in history , their books regardless . 
  for `` low quality '', 
  he understood the unspoken rule of `` its okay when we do it '' , 
  god damnit, 
  bohemia is somehow associated with gypsies ? 
  iirc the name bohemia is derived from the name of ancient boii celtic tribe society that used to live here before they got german 'd the fuck out who then got slav + avar 'd the fuck out . 
  what does that have to do with gypsies ? 
  or the club of chinese cities . 
  i agree , individuals spreading mockery of the party and even jokingly hinting at defeatism should be publicly shot under the great comission directive # 5791 . 
  glory to the union !, 
  well this is genuine nazism following the nuremberg protocols or whatever is it called that classifies races etc. 
  but i do n't think this is what they really are . 
  and even if they are , this is not why they have a lot of people supporting them and should the le pen or wilders try ressurecting oldschool nazism , 99 % of supporters would turn against them . 
  not to mention wilders is mixed race and would have second thoughts about purging himself . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  the people in the photo and their parties exist because of the `` misguided and mistaken , but not bad people '' and removing 1 representative of x possible does not solve anything and next one just like that will take formers place , because the movements stem from a big demographic , not from the personality of few people supposedly hellbent on genocide . 
  not moderate ? 
  in western european terms , agreed , not moderate . 
  thats a big claim that could use some proof . 
  or are talks about deportation and strict border control genocidal now ? 
   let them be martyrs , i do n't particularly care . 
  i do n't understand . 
  if you do n't like the right wing , why would you take short-sighted measures that will eventually boost it and then not care about it ? 
   some people are better off dead , that 's the reality of it . 
  i do n't agree , but maybe it could apply to people who think this . 
  lol , typical putin bantz, 
  yeah that totally would n't make them martyrs in the eyes of their followers , give credence to right-wing consipracies and eventually get them more support under new leaders which would appear because you know ... the new right wing wave isnt just 4 influential people . 
  instead of an answer , i 'd like to add another question . 
  does anybody here know modern russia enough to try to roughly guess an alternate timeline without putin ? 
  a lot of criticism of the country is directed at him and the direction he 's taking the country in , but i 'm wondering : would russia fall apart further or descend further into oligarch infighting and loose interest of things outside its borders , would it be `` westernized '' or would it continue similar path ? 
   ca n't wrap my mind around why people want to closen up their borders in a world where it 's becomming easier and easier to meet foreign people . 
  one of many ways : step 1 : be a trucker step 2 : drive to uk via calais, 
  do n't remember a whole lot about food but borscht soup was good , also there was lots of vegetable and shroom-based stuff but usually there was something neutral like a piece of meat with fries available in case if you dont fancy the local specialities . 
  also , pickled everything . 
  if you venture to the outskirts where there is a ton of the typical concrete slab-block flat houses then its not perfect but from what i remember most of the town was pretty clean even in places where rural people setting up stalls where they sold veggies/milk/etc . 
  and i assume that goes for other towns of which i 've visited just a few though .
