   nut job conspiracy direct relation is a ofc conspiracy , but i never read that even the on most obscure right wing blogs . 
  but her people knew that us propped-up countries ( saudis , quatar ) are supporting isis and kinda rolled with it . 
   https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3774 those countries also made large donations to her foundation during her role as secratary of state , in which she oversaw large arms sales to those countries . 
  not a relation to isis , but the realpolitik is very real with her , perhaps too much for a western leader , who is typically expected to be the goody-two-shoes pure good moral crusader of the world , hunting down evil dictators . 
  when us-made , saudi-donated , syria-deployed tow launcher with modern tandem-heat ammo manages to find its way near an european airport , you know who to thank . 
  what is his opinion on nuclear energy , czech nuclear energy near austria 's border in particular ? 
  austrian green people have a history of getting severely triggered whenever we do something with temelin . 
  shit , got ta save slovakbro , deleting my comment, 
  well if you take in account the landmass under axis control and pre-1941 soviet union not being so friendly to poles , then `` next safe countries '' are actually pretty damn far . 
  also there wasnt a civil war in poland , no sectarian infighting , no terrorists leaving to cause havoc in other countries and all able bodied males that got out joined the fight against axis . 
  i realize that people like to beeline for ww2 paralells to make their point because it is an easily set up and powerful comparison , but its very rarely accurate . 
  [ `` done laughing , time for srs-bsns-face !, 
  '' ] ( https://thuleanperspective.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/img_5336.jpg ), 
  hardship is almost always what sets some serious shit loose and/or reveals rifts in societies that seemingly didnt exist because people had full bellies . 
  somewhat releveant roosevelt quote : `` people who are hungry , people who are out of a job are the stuff dictatorships are made of . '', 
  small countries that are n't switzerland in a nutshell . 
   but has a satellite dish haha , this . 
  i used to live literally next to czech-polish border and whenever we went shopping to poland ( for cheaper furniture ) , we drove through villages that had some nice houses , some houses ok , some houses looked like they are centuries old and barely standing but they all had one thing common : satellite dishes !, 
  we neeed moar satellite dishes !!!!, 
  everywhere !, 
  well , not a win for the individual people , and its not a single `` win criteria '' but generally for big movements/groups of people/states/empires / whatever and the respective people in power , having more underlings than the opposition generally helps a lot . 
  and this is why the super conservative versions of religions have basically efficient expansionist empire-managing rules encoded into them . 
  * contraception illegal -  more population growth . 
  * abortion illegal -  more population growth . 
  * homosexuality illegal -  part of homosexuals is likely to stay under cover and have marriage and kids to have solid cover -  more population growth . 
  * designating women as second class baby-factory citizens -  more population growth . 
  bigger population -  win . 
  we also stole tsch\u00fc\u00df . 
  plan b : grant nigel us citizenship and make him us ambassador in brussels . 
  selling alaska must seem as such a poor decision now . 
  though its hard to guess how would history evolve if alaska stayed russian . 
  stalin supported abortion of people of all ages , truly a progressive ahead of his time . 
  mixed bag . 
  some parts were done nicely , some not really and some czech dialogue was perfectly voiced and some dialogue and some streets signs were google-translate-through-5-languages quality but it was fun . 
  also currently the city is not half-crumbling with trash laying around , homeless cyborgs and georgian criminals everywhere :d, 
  yep , he even had him speak at one of his rallies . 
  haha yeah the denial is real , beyond comprhension though . 
  biased media , biased polls , evertime there was a milestone ahead we could hear `` now he 's done , swear on me pinky '' and that turned out to be bs , countless times . 
  but acknowledging an actual underlying problem ? 
  nah , no such thing , muh evul ctrl + alt + right . 
  vote the establishment , sure gon na work this time . 
  he prioritizes people who suppported him instead of those who shat on him . 
  big surprise , not . 
  edit : this is currently somehow the 2nd top comment while having ~ 4 points , lol . 
  we have the best salt mines folks , belive me . 
  yuuuge , big league salt mines and they just got 10 % salt richer . 
  on a serious note : this is a simple observation . 
  its basically rewarding loyalty and victory gloating on his part , straightforward and not unforeseeable for someone like trump . 
  also this aligns with his `` worldview '' as expressed to his voters on many rallies . 
  immediately kissing up to european establishment would not be viewed in positive light by his electorate . 
  when left out of context and compared to the usual politician , sure it might seem crazy , but this was outlined by trump long ago and its hardly big news , and there will be more of this stuff . 
  not sure what the downvotes are really about . 
  agree with the observation but how the hell did you come up with `` hoo-ha '' , or is it a legit slang for that part of female anatomy ? 
  there 's got ta be something to it . 
  the only region in cz that isnt full-blown red is southern moravia which is known for having more chill people and consuming a lot of wine , rest is beerland . 
  is tonino still making that amazing icecream ? 
  been there like 15 years ago . 
  heavily germanized though . 
   that actually was pretty funny :d .  now imagine the international shitstorm if it would be about any other race . 
   any other race would n't work because there main concept is to be `` pure '' . 
  previous posts i was replying to make it sound like we 're just pondering the possibilities in general , not just germany in this particular subthread . 
  though i 'd say we could fish for some non-white groups hating eachother based on ethnicity in germany now too - kurds vs turks could work i guess . 
  anyway , as somebody from a post-communist country i just find it weird that in a western country , there are political messages being broadcasted on tv by the state . 
  but i guess germany is a special case with its denazification process which started somewhere after ww2 and apparently still hasnt finished . 
  so there are no other ethno-nationalist supremacists on the globe other than german nazis ? 
  could we get some details to go with this ? 
  what is the difference between red and black numbers and when did we annex half of eastern europe ? 
  lol i dont even know where to begin . 
  * bren wasnt produced there , they made the zb . 
  26 which bren was derived from and produced by enfield * its a world war 2 gun * its a lmg not an assault rifle, 
  afghanistan and closeby pakistan regions have some skilled weaponsmiths with tradition , see khyber pass , who can produce copies of modern and old weapons with hand tools but yeah , its copies and the designs are european , starting with ancient british breech loading single shot rifles , ending with russian assault rifles . 
  edit : some examples http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2012/07/30/gunsmithing-in-pakistan/ + gun jesus reviewing a piece https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5s_qmbl_km, 
  or you can keep and reuse the plastic ones if they are decent . 
  i keep the big heavy duty ikea bag in my car , that thing can hold anything . 
  you got me intrigued , where can i get some of that good mud ? 
  tea-drinker master race , down with the muddy looking liquid !, 
  the pratical reason behind this imo is trying to keep a buffer zone of neighboring neutral ( non-nato ) countries and preventing them from joining nato by keeping them unstable . 
  i guess there is something to the `` conservative is the new punk '' saying . 
  well , first you 'd need like a belt-fed machinegun and secondly you 'd need to tone down your humanity a bit ... yeah i can see how that could work . 
  i read it memoirs of a general who was in freikorps ( got them confused with sa ) inbetween wars , dont have the book right now but will try to look it up . 
  could have been nazi propaganda , i read it memoirs of a general who was in freikorps ( got them confused with sa ) inbetween wars , dont have the book right now but will try to look it up . 
   why cant we be for once invisible just like switzerland ? 
  because we are n't in a super mountainous , tucked-away region of europe without any big fertile flatlands etc. . . at least be glad we arent poland - a flat highway directly between germany and russia . 
  iirc there was a bunch of excursions and looting raids into german territory by paramilitary polish groups between the two wars and because german army wasnt up to the task at that time , the early volunteer version of ~ ~ sa ~ ~ freikorps fought them back . 
  why are we still triggered by this ? 
  geopolitacally we still are an ex-commie block country , 2nd world country , eastern europe , whatever . 
  and geographically the center of europe is somewhere in belarus anyway . 
  oh can you see the ex-commie block ? 
  . . wait what is that , polan can into speed trains !, 
  o.o why the fuck would israel 's pm say this . 
  the first part is legit to a certain point but `` grand mufti convinced him to exterminate them '' ? 
  what the fuck bibi . 
   hitler was actually a sweetheart  but the terrible palestinian grand mufti convinced him to start gassing um , who the heck says that ? 
  afaik it was more due to nazis realizing they can not handle mass deportation of that ridiculous scale logistically and do n't control the required parts of sea anyway and palestine being british territory , the mufti didnt have much say in any of this . 
  though thats not to say they didnt agree on hating jews . 
  i like how the people in the upper left corner just dont give damn and continue chatting and that guy with his hands in his pockets looking like * sigh * `` this shit again '' . 
  well i dont speak for all czechs or our government but since i 'm for eventually leaving ( never wanted to enter ) , creating a circus out of crucial issues is pretty important , we ca n't create uproar of the general populace over the allowed shaped of bananas or something , got ta use this . 
  unity is nice and all but complete submission is not acceptable when an obivous bullshit is being pushed on us ( migrant quotas which are un-implementable without locking western-bound masses in giant camps ; gun-grabbing directives aimed at legally owned guns despite terrorists using blackmarket guns ) . 
  so its nice to have somebody to stand your ground with you . 
  its either a proposition and feedback ( which is more akin to `` working together '' ) or dictate and resistance .
