  i 'd bet you could go a lot of km for 1 gram of nuclear fuel, 
  can confirm the housing prices . 
  i could rent a fucking city block for what i pay in prague and the food is nice as well + tourist sites are not very crowded . 
  getting a tourist visa isnt too bad , car rental are cheap too , nature is beatiful , just an all round relaxed vacation . 
  dont expect too much english speakers tho . 
  yep , nobody thinks it was a deliberate terrorist attack , what sane commander would think : hey i know we already get a ton of bad pr for this entire war thing , but what we really need to now , is murder a bunch of 1st world people , thats reaaly gon na help our cause . 
  a paramilitary composed of all sorts of people from russian sf to local derps who have trouble safely operating small arms get their hands on a powerful aa system and start downing government transport planes meanwhile commercial airliners keep flying over the same area : that is a recipe for disaster . 
  why they cant just own up to it . . is it really that important to maintain the `` no weapons from russia in ukraine '' facade ? 
  they could at least admit the separatist forces accidentaly downed it , apologize but continue to claim their buk was captured from govt if that is so important to them . 
   never heard about this city . 
  me neither . 
  * checks wiki * has more population than our entire freaking country ( 14 million ) . 
  goddamn china why are you so crazy huge ? 
   vowels are for suckers is correct . 
  stronk slav countries need no stupid vowel . 
  exactly . 
  and what should we do ? 
  give them more power !, 
  we should also remember that there was another important factor that gave birth to fascism and nazism and nurtured it to full force better than any propaganda it could itself drum up . 
  and that was appeasment and selfish disregard for reality and its problems that made sections of populations and entire countries feel disenfranchised , for the sake of maintaining the status quo by politicians who hoped for stability without effort . 
  also we should be wary of the other extreme end of the spectrum getting its authoritarian claws at people 's liberties in the typical deal `` your freedoms for your safety '' . 
  using the far-right , terrorists etc , be it real or false flags as incentives for people to give away their rights . 
  `` the fascists of the future will be called anti-fascists '' as winston churchill supposedly said . 
  what concerns me the most if this trend of polarisation will stop and we 'll get back to normal or if more countries will become unlivable because of wars and climate , more terrorism will happen , possible shortages of food/water due to overpopulation and previous factors , more wacky weather , forest fires and diseases ... there 's potential for shit getting real crazy . 
  welp lets hope we dont end up with leaders that a ) dont do anything and hope that 'll work b ) resort to standart human course of action during crisis, 
  as far as i know ukraine has decent production of small arms so yeah i think they would get the same stuff the jihadis get - tows . 
  those proved devastating against saa t-55s , `` vanilla '' t-72s and plethora of other stuff . 
  russians might take the opportunity to fieldtest their newer era etc. 
  systems though that wouldnt go very well with the `` not russian soldiers '' story . 
  makes me wonder if they ever got their hands on a tow launcher and tandem-heat round for it to do some testing on , like captured in syria or something . 
  no regulations . 
  i know but i 've heard it only in context of things , not people . 
  to me it sounds like `` standard issue hungarian '' and a minority would be `` aftermarket modded hungarian '' . 
  probably its just my poor knowledge of english but i find it funny , no offense meant . 
   vanilla hungarians thats a saying ? 
  usually i hear vanilla in context of things as in `` stock '' . 
  if they really only eat healthy , their meat should be pretty good . 
   vkontakte found the russian agent !, 
  agreed , but i 'd like to add that there 's one slight difference that in my opinion made me a bit more volatile : it was a birthplace of abrahamic religions and their sects that are now huge , in a region that already had a bunch of kinda big ( like zoroastrianism ) religions in place . 
  european paganism got wiped out by christianity that proceeded to infight and it kinda feels less convoluted , with less variables than me . 
  and while we 're doing isis comparisons : did n't charlemagne order 30,000 captive pagans to be beheaded ? 
  sounds like something up isis 's alley . 
  also some people consider 30yw , not the communist rule as the start of czech atheism / loss of respect for church simply because after all that carnage people got tired of religious bullshit . 
  tbh smoking is bad , laws restricting smoking in public areas are good and i dont smoke but some of the comments here are eye-roll material . 
  `` muh outrage , disgust and shock everytime i smell tobacco smoke . '', 
  are there really some people out there that get gas-attack ptsd when they get a whiff of smoke ? 
  w. . w. . 
  what ??? 
  ah , that . 
  i was confused with `` eastern european walls/fences '' . 
  ~ ~ wait what ? 
  do you mean iron curtain ? 
  that had nothing to do with racism , the commblock put up the wall ( s and minefields and mg nests etc ) themselves to keep thos unhappy with the crazy leftists in not out . ~ ~ edit : disregard , got confused . 
  sounds like a kinky porn title with some roleplay going on `` no ass for u ! '', 
  this demans a retaliation !, 
  we use `` drunk as a dane '' as a slang for being shitfaced-drunk . 
  i wouldnt even be mad if european intelligence agencies would secretly support `` jihadi drain '' to syria , making sure they ca n't ever come back and will eventually be consumed by the meatgrinder of turkey/iran/usa / russia militaries . 
  it worked , but for uncle adi, 
   do you think donald trump has great cyber security ? 
  compared to the outdated homebrew clinton private server ? 
  an underpayed intern would set you up with a cyber security leagues ahead of that . 
  the guy sentenced for `` hacking '' the server was a romanian taxi driver guessing passwords and security questions ffs . 
   actually works because modular rifles dont `` actually work '' ? 
  also the now well developed ar-15 platform from which 416 derives , had a lot of problems in its early stages , but eventually it was perfected and left its contemporary designs that `` actually worked '' in the dust . 
  sticking to proven stuff is fine , but innovation pays off as well . 
  i 'm surprised that for for a `` future soldier '' rearmament type of program they didnt go with something modular that might be easier to change to something like 6.8 spc or whatever new cartridges will be developed . 
  but otherwise they made a good choice . 
  one could argue that jews even became `` native '' part of czech culture over the centuries of existence of their communities here . 
  plenty of czech towns had synagogues , jew-run shops , jewish cemeteries etc. 
  but then our western neighbour paid us a visit during its previous social engineering experiment and that was that . 
   communism put the needs of the many , over the property rights of a few . 
  thats not what happened in eastern bloc 1950 + . 
  thievery is the only fitting word . 
  best example of this was one of the most-heated incidents on hungarian border . 
  there was a gate guarded by riot police , attacked by a huge crowd and all you could see in western media were carefully picked photos of children and women , super-cropped photos of individual people or just straight-up irrelevant photos from different incidents supposedly showing `` police tyrrany '' . 
  and all these doctored articles were of course conveying the message `` hungary bad , refugee good '' . 
  but rt had a live , wide-angle cam online . 
  no doctoring and narrative twisting , just live cam displaying a giant , angry mob of illegals who were throwing everything they could find at the police that just stood there and took it . 
  no `` poor police-opressed '' women and children in sight , constant allahu akbar chanting and other crap . 
  false story my ass . 
  western media are n't without blame . 
  they have their agenda and narrative to push and if they make it too obvious , they give other players space . 
  just report honestly as a proper journalist should and nobody will have reason to watch rt and similar . 
  and that is without taking climate in consideration . 
  if the heat gets worse , there will be less water , less food and a huuuge amount of displaced people . 
  its got jalapenos and some ham , who gives a fuck about the rest . 
  awarding passing grade !, 
  edit : what are those lil ' white things ? 
  if its pickled onions then it just got even better . 
  no written language ... 
  except for some of the germanic tribes that developed runic script before they got converted , uncovering history of the rest is up to archaeologist digging stuff up . 
  i guess romans wouldnt send anybody deeper past the borders because huge uncharted forests , and not so friendly people in them . 
  well i dont think negative comments here are negative because they disagree with the statement `` we 're not soviet anymore '' but just because it seems like the money could be spent on more useful stuff given the situation . 
  yeah its more of a political statement . 
  both sides gon na have some sort of green camo and white overalls during winter and at the usual combat distance you wont tell too much difference in cammo patern and insignia style ( + most separatists wear armbands ) . 
  somebody correct me if i 'm wrong but most friend or foe identification is based off organisation/communication and position/direction more than anything . 
  having own distinct uniforms definitely is useful , but i think that has much lower priority than equipment/weaponry though its probably not too expensive and domestic companies can easily make it . 
  if you 're in war and your military is still recovering from much worse issues than looks , spending money on looks isnt pragmatical . 
  more night vision devices and body armor to the frontlines would be how i 'd spend the money . 
  sarkozy : `` hmmm tasty fn votes , gim me moar ! '',
