  holy shit you guys need to get your sarcasm detectors fixed . 
  they 're envious , thats all . 
  local news , isolated incident , attackers are most likely native right-leaning citizens . 
  move along . 
  edit : / s for fucks sake people, 
  they did n't intervene under pretense of going solely against isis . 
  they went there to prop up their ally and to push the frontline back in important regions regardless of who is on the other side . 
  ah , i get it . 
  mainly its the `` germans decided '' part that makes this joke hard to get because the pows certainly didnt decide to parade . 
  w. . . w. . what ?!, 
  by 1945 , germans had no illusions about parading through moscow , that was 1941 's thing when they actually got within few kilometers reach of moscow . 
  these maps keep popping up lately but i suspect majority of those guns are hunting rifles locked in a safe . 
  i 'd love a european map based off number of handguns + permits for concealed carry . 
  thats how you stay outta trouble . 
  perhaps because they saw the whole evolution of a trade pact to what it is today . 
  so , how come there still are british people commenting in this thread ? 
  mass media told me that if brexit goes through , the islands will float away ( while on fire ) to disappear in a black hole . 
  i guess they havent reached the event horizon yet . 
  while there is some effort undoubtedly , i think its still too much obvious and heavy handed and people give it too much credit . 
  people that eat it up are a legacy from the communist era and would have pro-russian and anti-current-russia 's - enemy views anyway . 
  i do n't need russians telling me to doubt eu , eu does its best by itself and in the same way i do n't need a barrage of constant anti-putin propaganda to know he is a criminal crook running a country , he does his best to get that across . 
  but both side 's shills got ta eat i guess . 
  trump has real estate all over the world . 
  depending on if he is going to follow up on his various promises of limiting muslim immigration in times of crisis etc. 
  i do n't think he 's gon na get a lot of good press in turkey and should erdogan/akp continue to stay neutral on him , that might generate some pressure . 
  but he says so many things its hard to count on what will actually happen . 
  interesting , i did n't think i was demonising trump , i actually kind of like him and if he wants to retain his popularity he should better deliver on what he says because thats one of the main drives of his popularity `` not a politician , he 's for real , etc. . . '' . 
  neocons , hawks , etc. 
  are not limited to a single party , both republicans and democrats have such people . 
  but perhaps i shouldnt use the term and just stick to calling it interventionism . 
  which is what trump ( claims to ) want to seriously limit while withdrawing military support from nato countries that dont pay up . 
  but yeah , lets see what happens . 
  i just worry that turkey might become serous subversive threat to europe 's stability and will get ignored because everybody will be distracted by the coldwar era mental image of russian motorized infantry and tank avalanche itching to overrun europe . 
  which bullshit as long as nato exists and russian military does n't have money . 
  how many more poor , corruption-ridden , european , nato and eu non-member countries bordering russia with significant russian minorities are there for russia to try their shit again and get even more sanctions ? 
  they do n't have any means or reasons to attack the rest unless they go full retard suicidal . 
  of course . 
  turkey has very strong military and geopolitics-wise holds one of the most important places in the world , especially when it comes to thwarting russian influence in middle east and mediterranean . 
  but if erdogan does n't stop we 'll eventually arrive to the point when we have to realize they are just as bad for the democratic countries of europe as russia . 
  and if trump comes to power , it is likely that muslim countries including turkey will get more pissed off and he is going to try to improve relations with russia as he now says basically at every rally . 
  that might get us to the point where turkey seems even worse than russia . 
  but turkey is in nato , what then ? 
  intersting times ahead . 
  trump is different . 
  he is n't very popular in europe , but immensely popular in russia ( for a us president that isnt even in the office yet ) and putin himself complimented trump few times . 
  obama continued neocon interventionism , that required pandering to turkey and saudis so they could stir shit up in mena using radical sunni proxies supported from these countries . 
  trump claims to be isolationist and wants to have none of this and wants to reform nato . 
  if he holds his word and gets enough political power behind him , some serious pivotting in us/eu foreign policy might happen . 
  yes , counter-dick-wave the evuul rooskies all you want , nothing wrong with that . 
  but as long as turkey is ruled by its islamist-flavored version of putin , otherwise known as erdoturd , leave them out of anything important . 
  also , when trump gets elected , nato could possibly get weaker , that definitely wont help with any beef-up effort . 
  would n't take it too seriously . 
  for me , i never felt its about distancing from eastern europe , yet i like to claim we 're `` central europe '' . 
  its just we like to think we 're in the center of europe because we do sit nicely landlocked inbetween a bunch of mountains , kinda in the center , even though that is relative . 
  funnily enough when i visited belarussia i found out that one of the calculated center points is in polotsk , so if we 'd go with that calculation , you 're the central europe !, 
  :d also people usually think its meant politically/historically . 
  because despite being mostly slavic and having a lot of in common with other slavic countries , we also do with germany and austria after a long history of mixing with/fighting/ruling eachother . 
  most dislike for `` eastern europe '' comes from the communist era which didnt end up as the best relation improver for slavic countries ... though 20th century history was clusterfuck for everybody involved and left us with reasons to hate/like basically everybody and people are free to take picks who 's on the hating/loving menu today , but i 'd love if we just got rid of this bullshit . 
  i like both our western germanic neighbours and our eastern slavbros but dislike communists and nazis . 
  big difference , but not everybody thinks so . 
  that is the problem . 
  someone has to , or rather - will do , because there is demand by the people and its lef unsatisfied . 
  and if establishment refuses to step up , they 're leaving the issue up for grabs for anybody and by ignoring or downright censoring they stop only the calm demeanored people . 
  and that leaves the annoyed people with hawks who get ever louder and care less and less and less about their media picture and criticism . 
  without the incompetence of ruling parties , there would be no popular right or far right movements in europe no matter how hard would they try . 
  interesting . 
  next i 'd love to see a heatmap of how strict gun laws are in each country . 
  one can have a lot of hunting rifles but relatively easily obtaining a conceal-carry handgun permit is usually not so universal . 
  yeah whatever he is , at least he is not basically a criminal giving speeches to wallstreet for enormous sums behind closed doors and then refusing to release the transcripts . 
  also benghazi , strong pushes for mena destabilisation etc. . there is just so much dirt on her . 
  trump has a mouth on him , but he isnt crazy nor stupid . 
  a lot of the over-the-top he says is simply a part of his strategy to get free media . 
  and it is working . 
  he has historically the highest number of votes for any republican candidate yet his campaing had laughably small budget , a fraction of the tens of millions of dollars spent on hit ads against him . 
  most of the crazy stuff he usually clarifies at his rallies or during iterviews . 
  the republican party that tried to pose as rebellious is falling back in line behind him and he is already starting to beat hillary in the polls . 
  his message is consitent since 1980s when he refused to run for president when asked to but he already at that time pointed out wasteful spending , especially regarding foreing affairs . 
  he is a bit too much arrogant and self-admiring i think , but he does have a record of success and he simply isnt a politician and thats what people like about him . 
  people claiming he 's the next hitler , end of democracy in the us or whatever are just like the bible thumpers that predict end of the world every time a democrat candidate wins the presidency . 
  thats not a meme , those are actual trump 's words and intended policy . 
  only correlation i can find is that trump is against ttip and obviously wants to build a wall but how do hungarians come into this , especially when they already have their wall ( actually a fence but a muthafuckin ' big one ) , i have no clue . 
  is n't this problem with the extremists that use the occasion to show off ? 
  compared to massive majority of 1st and 2nd world countries , russians probably know what war looks like more than anybody , i think chechnya is still relatively fresh memory . 
  also i noticed that they celebrate the end of the ww2 way more than we or other countries do , and some people outright comment that they 're overdoing it to the point its bad and whatnot , but i 've learned to understand this . 
  i visited belarussia and went to the war museum in minsk and certain parts of it moved me a lot . 
  the amount of devastation and death that they suffered is unimaginable . 
  not just the general war collateral damage that happens everywhere , but the systematic annihilation of rural population was crazy , it was close to i think half the population dead or otherwise gone . 
  sure the war wasnt nice to western europe but it is incomparable . 
  how can you relate to that when a lot of countries never faced such threat or it was 1000 years ago by gengis khan or somebody . 
  but when 70 years ago , you 've fought off and utterly defeated somebody who was almost halfway in the process of killing off your people and completely destroyed everything , sure as fucking hell you 're gon na celebrate that bigtime . 
  its bad the celebrations get hijacked by people with agenda to promote agressive foreign policy but there are better opportunities to criticize these people , in this case , i 'd leave it be . 
  never though about it this way but yeah , thats a perfect setup for a joke . 
  to sum up why is it called that its because the stanzas are , roughly translated , structured like this : where is my home ( ? 
  ) , [ lyrics describing how awesome and nice the country is ] czech land , ( is ) my home . 
  sounds fucking disturbing to me . 
  hearing beans , backside and firing in one sentence usually implies noxious gas , except in this case the direction is opposite . 
  wtf britbongs, 
  celebrating victory over foe bent on genocide of your people and one of the biggest threats to humanity which many before them failed to stop and it costed so much ... why wouldnt they celebrate that big time ? 
  i get that this sub has a big hate boner for everything russian but i do n't see how this is bad . 
  its a copypasta of an old meme .
