  yeah minsk was much easier to navigate . 
  higher possibility of people speaking english + underground and bus lines that have google-able schedules etc. 
  minsk in general surprised me - when i got off the plane i expected some sort of time machine back-to-soviet-union-experience as some people suggested it would be but it was actually a pretty modern , nice city . 
  visited 2 years ago . 
  ca n't remember exact prices of hotels etc. 
  but generally a bit cheaper than cz and definitely cheaper than western europe . 
  had no trouble from police or army . 
  english is problem though , not many people speak it , you need basic russian language skills , sometimes polish works too . 
  also getting around using public transport is way easier if you know the language since the country is big and sparsely populated and often the best way to get around are privately-owned minibuses that have websites in russian and drivers who speak russian . 
  though gas was cheaper and car rental isnt too pricey so thats a good alternative . 
  could be a tad bit longer but still nice for a quick tour . 
  those look like sig rifles . 
  which likely are semi or full automatic rifles using intermediate cartridge ( the common buzzword that carried over from nazi germany is `` assault rifle '' ) . 
  eligible for many rifle shooting competitions like ipsc . 
  yes most popular sports that include shooting usually feature semi-auto or manually operated .22 ( low power cartridge ) , super-light , impractically looking guns , but those are n't the only shooting sports . 
  what exactly is `` far right '' gun policy / gun view ? 
  very liberal ( citizens can own & carry ) or extremely limited ( you get a gun only when govt needs you as cannon fodder ) ? 
  i 'm just guessing that the typical populist use of `` far right '' means national socialism - nazi germany . 
  in nazi germany gun rights were limited , mostly exclusive to the state , not available to citizens . 
  just like in any other tyranny that is collectivist ( hard left ) on the collectivist-individualist scheme . 
  so its confusing really . 
  then i recommend reading * the charisma of adolf hitler * by laurence rees . 
  it analyzes hitler 's rise to power , ability to control/convince so many people from every angle possible and its a really , really good book . 
  just wrap it up in something if you 're gon na read it on public transport , people give you strange looks if you 're buried in a book with a giant hitler on the cover . 
  edit : [ link to goodreads ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15924312-the-charisma-of-adolf-hitler ), 
  check out 8x8 missile trucks and such . 
   i wish russia was - small 17,075,200 km2 , lol good luck with that, 
  isnt it a name of a god also ? 
  disclaimer : the love is supposed to start when there is no more unbelievers on earth . 
  and assuming there is only one sect of islam on earth . 
  i see an easy fix for this . 
  no idea about berlin but here in prague police is putting up barricades near frequented markets and townsquares . 
  i dont think there 's any real danger of this here as we barely have any muslims in our country but still , its the sensible thing to do . 
   whatever terrorists want , they wo n't get the satisfaction of winning . 
  yeah some variation of this phrase gets out after every major attack and to me it reads : `` business as usual , move along '' . 
  also we do n't declare terrorist 's objectives , they do . 
  perhaps their objective is simply to murder , in which case , they 're not only winning , but also getting away with positive exchange rate and some even manage to escape . 
  hey but at least they are really good at using twitter . 
  cars are one of the best weapons available , but does the nice attacker have a patent pending ? 
  this isnt some new crazy unprecedented jihadi tactic . 
  vehicle ramming attacks are oold , just check with israelis . 
  2017 : the year when it totally wo n't get even worse . 
  2016 is just a start . 
  yeah most likely , also putin knows that no matter what if he just waits to trump inauguration , which is near , he 's fine . 
  so he 'd be stupid to react violently to this . 
  the bottom of the magazine is gone and the spring is just freely sticking out . 
  removing the floor of the magazine usually takes some effort . 
  maybe he had a shitty magazine and it broke upon impacting the ground or a bullet hit the magazine/the magazine well while the magazine was in or something . 
  or it was disassembled for some reason . 
  it does n't really mean anything , just never seen it before on these type of photos , guy was unlucky if he was still in the process of shooting the gun . 
  interesting , the magazine spring is sticking out . 
  * supposedly it was his bodyguard who killed him - do n't know why but that makes it seem like an intelligence operation more than some random aloha snackbar detonating next to his vehicle . 
  * who stands to gain from souring russia-turkey relations that to the unpleasant surprise of many started getting better this year ? 
  * retaliation for `` hacking muh election '' , both covert and public has been promised by obama . 
  * last chance to start shit before russian-friendly trump administration takes lead . 
  vote itself failed , voting recount failed , leaning on electors failed , there is not much else . 
  not saying this is anywhere near proof and that this is very probable , but this is not exactly lizard-people or russia-makes-german-refugees-rapey-to-sway-election tier of tinfoil hat conspiracy either . 
  edit : also found a theory that this is an inside russian job to give turkey less bargaining power in the upcoming turkey-russian-iran meeting , which uh . . 
  i guess is a theory too . 
  haha , i hope it will . 
  i 've seen a number of let say `` gun sceptic '' people change their opinion to `` whoa this is awesome '' after a trip to the range , 
  sadly no , i usually go to other ranges that have less visitors but judging by the comments on tripadvisor , people are satisfied with them . 
  range owners and instructors both have to follow strict security rules and are always very professional and helpful , i cant remember any negative expeerience on any range i 've been to . 
  if i had to pick between them i 'd simply choose the one that has the guns i 'd like to try out . 
  i remember talking to a chinese tourist about vacationing and what she likes here etc. 
  and she was mostly fascinated by countryside , little villages and stuff like that because they often come from insanely huge cities that have more population than some eu countries , so it makes sense they dont want to see more cities . 
  i think the corresponding term is `` shall-issue '' . 
  really the only stupid part about it are the psych exams . 
  i 'm not against them in principle , but the current implementation is just lazy . 
  there is no specification for the psych test , the physician can send you there simply because the psych guy is his buddy and he 's throwing him business . 
  and the exam can be something similar to what law enforcement has to go through ( which would be fine ) or it can be pure rorsach stain voodoo bullshit and if the doctor holds grudge against gun owners , then you 're fucked ( we had a an `` expert '' of this pseudo-science who said this in court `` that gun owners are all secretly very violent and are looking for any excuse to kill '' or similar bullcrap ) . 
  though you can try again by registering with different physician . 
  when you do , check out one of these ranges with english-speaking instructors and have some fun !, 
  yeah that is relatively close , but it reflects what i 'd expect from an entry-level handgun shooter . 
  most pistol ranges have around 30m maximum range , and a lot of shooting drills use shorter distance than that . 
  accurate long range shooting from a practical-sized handgun is a challenging discipline . 
  dont listen to the local nagging commies who think the perfect society does n't need anything except massive govt oversight of everything . 
  we had people with similar sentiment ruling us 40 years with an iron fist , we dont have them anymore , we dont need them again and we 're happy with our gun laws . 
  it is a fundamental human right . 
  they 'll get it in the coming decades . 
  republican idiom ? 
  isnt that a direct quote from the constitution ? 
  also i doubt our politicians took direct quotes in english from the us constution when they 've been re-doing our laws after the socialist dictatorships failed in 89 . 
  i guess the translator wanted the title to be connected to something everybody already knows instead of `` right to concealed carry of firearms '' or something . 
  aw yeah , love me some beer . 
  [ also , i think you 've been infiltrated already . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/09/dining/the-kolache-czech-texan-or-all-american-all-three.html ), 
  was joking , you need to show basic gun handling skills and i guess if you 're dedicated , you can do it with one hand too . 
  exactly my point , thx . 
  nah , considering this means no real change its usual business here . 
  they do it with much more impactful stuff too . 
  ok in detail : * you need to learn the law that regulates weapons and civilian use of them . 
  ( categories of weapons , know what to do when your gun is stolen or your license etc. ) . 
  when applying for your license , you need to pass a test from this law , its similar to when you have to learn `` road laws '' for driving license test . 
  * you need health examination . 
  reaaaly basic one . 
  your local doctor checks that you dont have terrible sight problems , not sure what else could disqualify you , perhaps having frequent seizures or something like that . 
  also if the doctor feels like its necessary , he can send you for a basic psych exam . 
  its voluntary on his part . 
  * practical test .
