  by encourage , i mean give them money . 
  if you exclude russia ( which btw , you should ) , i do n't think so . 
  well , that sounds like a great thing that could be done with connecting europe facility . 
   supported by the connecting europe facility ( cef ) , the cef building blocks offer basic capabilities that can be used in any european project to facilitate the delivery of digital public services across borders . 
  but what i was talking about , is the eu should support private initiative in the digital market . 
  just like you can get eu funds if you want to build a farm , you should be able to get eu funds if you want to build a tech startup . 
  currently , afaik , you can only apply for eu funds for a digital startup if its about social inclusion , fighting poverty or some other crap . 
  not legit business stuff . 
  that 's the problem , the future is in tech and europe is financing farmers who want to buy tractors . 
  not saying that 's wrong , but they should also invest in tech so we can catch up with the us , china and other countries . 
  hell , even russia has its own versions of most major us internet services ( yandex , vk , mail.ru etc. 
  i 'm sure that if a bunch of smart people work together on this , they can surely find a less scummy way to monetize it . 
  the idea is you have to build it first , monetize it later . 
   doing that would damage the company badly in the us , leaving to the loss of jobs for one . 
  considering the us has already entered the self destructive mode by electing a clown with zero credibility to the white house , i would n't be surprised if they did even more self destructive acts . 
   secondly , if it was proven that they are ignoring the law here , we could simply destroy their side of the business in europe . 
  yeah , well , that 's the tricky part . 
  how can the regulator prove whether the nsa has or does n't have access to data of eu citizens . 
  it 's not like facebook ( or google , or any other american company ) is going to admit that publicly . 
  transfers are all encrypted etc. 
  it would only be possible with an internal whistleblower to find out about that . 
  but then again , i 'm pretty sure all major companies are thoroughly vetting all their employees right now , to weed out any potential whistleblowers . 
   if you think us companies are willing to throw that away over some order by the orange fascist , than you 're simply wrong . 
  well , they were , at least before snowden . 
  they provided data on american citizens . 
  they should n't have provided data on american citizens , yet they did . 
  i suspect they care even less about eu citizens than american citizens . 
  no , it 's not . 
  do n't forget that facebook was n't the first social network , not even the first to become popular . 
  there was myspace which had over 100 million users , as well as many other social networks which were widely popular in other parts of the world . 
  of course , none were as advanced as facebook is today , but technology in general was n't as advanced as it is today . 
  just because google tried , and failed , to compete with facebook , does not mean it 's impossible to compete with facebook . 
  in fact , google + failed because it tried to be too much like facebook . 
  if people already had an account of facebook , why would they switch to google + if it did n't bring any new , great features to the table ? 
  there many people today concerned about privacy , especially young people , and they are usually the engine for change . 
  building a social network like facebook , but one which would have privacy at its very core , would be desirable for many and not easy for facebook to emulate , because facebook is built and works on completely different principles . 
  i also find that facebook is losing many users , despite there being no viable alternative . 
  just in the past few months , i 've had at least 10 acquaintances i know well delete their facebook accounts . 
  people are unhappy with it and it 's not just the privacy concerns , but i know many people ( including myself ) who completely hate some of the newer features , like the fb messenger app that looks like fucking snapchat , or the new fb messenger you get on the desktop , which is , as trump would say it , a total disaster . 
  it 's slow and buggy as fuck and the interface looks like a stretched out version of the mobile app . 
  i honestly think that facebook is on a downward path right now and if there 's going to be someone launching a competitor , now should be the time . 
  i do n't know about that , ukraine did have mandatory military service even before the war i think . 
  even in romania , which stopped having compulsory military service 10 years ago , you can still find plenty of people over 30 who can shoot an rpg or drive a tank . 
  using an anti-air missile , like the igla , is not very complicated , either . 
  if they asked me that i would say `` sure , but you need to bring in a female officer , there 's no way i 'm getting hard with just you guys around , no offense '' . 
  do you think that yoghurt which lands on your keyboard and gets in between the keys simply evaporates ? 
  yes , and the munitions came from grocery stores . 
  the shopkeepers were keeping them on the shelves , you know , for those times when you needed a grad rocket around the house . 
  it could have been the top of a building , or it could have been an office building , not an apartment building . 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  i would n't trust my privacy to american companies regardless of what rules europe would put and enforce . 
  the us is still their largest market and the us government could , at any time , threaten to fuck with their business in the us if they do n't give up data on european users . 
  of course i still use google , facebook and other services , like everyone else , but i try to limit the data they can collect about me wherever possible and if serious european alternatives would pop up , i would be among the first to switch . 
  however , i also believe we need some laws to prevent us companies from just buying european startups , as this is a huge problem . 
  it 's like a fucking state policy , as soon as a european company starts becoming important , some american company with truckloads of cash comes and buys it . 
  fuck this shit . 
  i think this is the perfect opportunity for europe to encourage startups . 
  we desperately need alternatives to a market almost completely dominated by us companies . 
  we need a european google , facebook , twitter , dropbox and so on . 
  they obviously wo n't be able to match their american counterparts from day one , but i think if they will be centered around privacy , their user base will be growing fast . 
  i think it 's a huge mistake and security risk to let a us spy agency , especially one subordinated to donald trump , to easily spy on europeans . 
  i assume it ( the law ) applies to tourists as well , no ? 
  it was a group of them , getting off the subway , unless they can multiply themselves like in the matrix , i 'm pretty sure it was n't the same person . 
  well , if we did n't have governments telling people what to do over the centuries , we 'd most likely be living in trees and hunting rats with a bow at this time . 
  i do n't think the government should regulate all aspects of life , but i do think there should be rules and that they should be stricter than they are today in most of europe . 
   i would n't want my kids to walk around and see fat people sucking down burgers and i would n't be against baning junk foods , at least during communism most of the girls were hot , you did n't see all these fat whales devouring stuff that looks like someone 's diarrhea wrapped in a tortilla like you see today . 
  5 women ? 
  i saw at least 6 just getting off the u-bahn at schwedenplatz . 
   no but they should . 
  i 'm against that as well , of course . 
  well , that 's your opinion , but most people agree that they should n't . 
  i would n't want my kids to see people walking around with their dicks out , that would be disgusting , but nor would i want them to see people walking around in niqabs . 
  in vienna , this thing has been getting out of control in the past few years , you see tons of women completely covered , especially around schwedenplatz ( how ironic ) . 
  glad the austrian government finally decided to take action . 
  rehabilitating a brainwashed person is not as easy as `` talking to them '' . 
  their entire thought process works in such a way which blocks out any arguments that contradict their beliefs , no matter how rational or obvious they might be . 
  it is possible to rehabilitate them , but that would require isolation from the toxic community they 're part of . 
  as long as muslims are allowed to come to europe by the doves , set up their own communities isolated from the natives and other non-muslims , have de-facto sharia law and other bullshit in those areas , this problem will never go away . 
  governments need to start getting tough and this veil ban is only a small part of what should be done . 
  do they allow you in your country to walk around with your dick out ? 
  if the answer is no , then i do n't see a problem with banning the full face veil , especially since that `` slight security risk '' you are talking about is much higher than of a person who walks around naked . 
  what is there to talk with a muslim fundamentalist , or a religious fundamentalist in general ? 
  do you usually spend time time talking with crazy people ? 
  i 've once read an article which said the damn things were uncomfortable as fuck , so you most likely wo n't want to wear it as a non-muslim , except if you 're a wanted criminal or something . 
  is it legal to walk around fully naked ? 
  maybe in italy it is , but here it 's not . 
  then , i see absolutely no reason why it should be legal to walk around fully covered , it 's actually worse than being allowed to walk fully naked , because you have no idea who the person beneath the veil might be . 
  it might be just a normal backwards muslim fundamentalist or it might be a dangerous criminal wanted by the interpol , could you tell the difference ? 
  mate , trudeau was desperate to get ceta . 
  he did n't want to lift visas for romanians and bulgarians though . 
  the bulgarians did n't do shit , but ciolos told him we were going to veto ceta unless he lifts the visa requirements . 
  at first trudeau did n't tried to boss ciolos around , to dismiss him , but when he realized shit was getting serious he backed off and changed his mind . 
  this is how you negotiate shit properly , not like trump , who could n't even get the president of mexico to attend a meeting about his retarded wall plans . 
  stupid ? 
  no mate , the ones who are stupid are the brits who voted for brexit and thought this shit could be pulled off without major backfire . 
  if may keeps her promise and article 50 gets triggered around the end of march , the actual brexit will happen around the time of the romanian presidency of the eu . 
  2019 is will also be an election year in romania . 
  there are 400,000 romanians currently in the uk . 
  that 's 400,000 potential voters , plus members of their immediate families back home . 
  if you think the romanian government would risk pissing off those people by agreeing to a deal that does n't include free movement , or at least guarantees that the people who are already there can stay , you are delusional .
