  the economic policies of the 1990s were objectively far worse than ceausescu 's . 
  people no longer needed to queue up for stuff , but triple digit inflation made sure many could no longer afford them . 
  it was the same in romania , but only in the late 40s and 50s . 
  people were killed , tortured . 
  they were released in the 1960s , but were ordered to keep quiet about what they experienced there . 
  only recently they started punishing those responsible . 
  alexandru visinescu seemed like your everyday friendly pensioner , until it was discovered he was head of a prison where people were tortured to death , including by him , personally . 
  even though he looks more like an extra from the walking dead , can barely speak , [ he became violent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrnb5soodri ) when journalists asked him about his past . 
  he was eventually sentenced to 20 years in prison . 
   he actually gave a pardon to the political prisoners is n't it ? 
  most political prisoners were released in 1962-1964 afaik , so before ceausescu took power . 
   after 1965 if you were a political dissident they would scare you , beat you , harass you , make your life miserable - but you were n't taken to prison anymore . 
  you could be taken to prison , or even worse , a mental institution , but you would n't be tortured or killed . 
  my step-father spent some six months in prison during the ceausescu era , from what he told me , it was n't much different from prison today , only they did n't have tv 's in their cells and sentences would n't be reduced for writing books or some other stupid shit like their are today . 
  you could still have been released early for good behavior though . 
  for the most part , it was just like us prisons today , actually better , because the risk of getting stabbed or ass-raped was much lower . 
  it 's also true that the securitate used `` enhanced interrogation techniques '' , but not as often as the media is claiming today . 
  my uncle ran away from romania in the late 80s , the securitate did interrogate everyone in the family , but they were polite and no one was beaten . 
  there 's a lot of bullshit in the media today to paint the regime as having been much worse than it actually was , again , it was pretty shitty , but not as extreme as they claim it to be . 
  getting access to outside information was n't straight forward , but not too difficult , either . 
  visiting western countries ( legally ) was hard , but not impossible . 
  obtaining `` capitalist goods '' like vcrs , music records , jeans , cigarettes etc. 
  was expensive , but there were ways to get the money for them , if you were smart . 
  you know what they used to say , `` pcr = pile , cunostiinte si relatii '' , if you had those , you could have just about anything that someone living in the west had , at that time . 
   where were you during ceausescu 's reign of no-contraception-allowed laws ? 
  was n't born ? 
   when women died massively due to miscarriages i 'm pretty sure most countries where abortion is illegal have exceptions for cases when life of the mother is threatened . 
   and failed abortions ? 
  that 's like saying heroin should be legal because people die of heroin overdoses . 
  when you do something illegal you take a risk , obviously . 
  sure , there were some problems with illegal abortions and many orphans , but there was no demographic problem . 
  people were n't worrying there will be no one left to pay their pensions . 
  today , in romania , roughly one in three pregnancies are aborted , it 's ridiculous , something should be done about it , seriously . 
  you forgot the albanians ... 
  i 'm not a slav , so i do n't know how slavs feel towards pan-slavism , but i really do n't think it 's a big thing , not even in serbia . 
  yes , there are many serbs who like russia very much , but that 's mainly because they are both orthodox countries and russia supported serbia in the 90s and still supports serbia on the kosovo issue . 
  this visit is widely considered the one that gave him the idea to build his own personality cult . 
  in the beginning ceausescu was pretty chilled , he only gradually became more and more dictatorial and delusional . 
  he never managed to reach north korean levels of worship though , romanians were n't as disciplined as north koreans and he did n't really execute people for dissent . 
  during his rule , only a few dozen people have been executed , the vast majority for legit serious crimes ( like murder ) and probably a few dozen more unofficially assassinated ( but again , these guys were real threats to the regime , not some kids who wrote `` fuck ceausescu '' on a wall or something ) . 
  even during the brasov rebellion of 1987 , when some 20,000 workers got together and protested against ceausescu and communism , no one was killed and only a few hundred were arrested and about a hundred actually convicted , but received moderate penalties . 
  i 'm not trying to defend his regime in any way , it was truly a disaster , it was still pretty harsh , talking shit about the `` genius of the carpathians '' could still get you into serious trouble , but it was n't extreme , like in north korea , maoist china , stalinist russia , pol pot 's cambodia etc. 
  the most horrible crimes of communism in romania took place in the late 40s and in the 50s , before ceausescu took power in 1965 . 
  i think you 're confusing bulgarians with us , romanians . 
  according to wikipedia :  the bulgarians ( bulgarian : \u0431\u044a\u043b\u0433\u0430\u0440\u0438 , b\u01celgari , ipa : [ b\u0264\u031e\u026b\u0261\u0250ri ] ) are a south slavic ethnic group who are native to bulgaria and neighbouring regions . 
  they are as slavic as it gets , bulgarian is pretty similar to russian . 
  reading the comments in this thread gave me cancer . 
  you forgot : ukrainian , bulgarian , macedonian , montenegrin . 
  in romania , russia is n't really a big subject . 
  we know it 's there , we know it 's big , we know it 's threatening and it is often considered as being more `` macho '' than either the us and especially western europe . 
  but that 's where it ends , between internal issues , western europe and the us , russia is not really a major conversation point , neither in the media , nor in casual conversations . 
  the average romanian has never come in contact with a russian , just moldovans , which are often considered russians around here . 
  those gravediggers look rather professional . 
  in romania , it 's probably the worse job ever , i 've only seen alcoholics , drug addict-looking people , people with mental problems and other people who seem to have no hope for their life . 
  this is quite a ridiculous argument . 
  the roma are in the situation they 're in because of their backwards culture , not because of the fact they have too many children . 
  i 'm not suggesting every family should have 17 kids like the roma , but 2-3 kids should n't be an impossible mission . 
  the thing is they are part of the pentecostal church , which in romania is very cult-like . 
  what happened was that they asked their church friends for help , who called their powerful friends in romania , which in turn went to their friends from the media and created a very nice , one - sided propaganda piece which was spoon-fed to the romanian public from across the world . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that if the family did n't have these connections , there would n't have been any sort of public coverage . 
  there was another , more recent case , a family from the uk in a similar situation and they did n't get 1 % of the media coverage these guys got , and there was absolutely no public outcry about that case . 
  we do n't even prey on british tourists anymore , we hope to suck blood out of them , but only alcohol comes out . 
  i do n't think the problem is that people are n't having sex , it 's just that they 're using condoms , contraceptives and having abortions , but i guess suggesting that contraceptives or abortions are bad is n't pc enough . 
   do n't worry about how bad it all looks now , consider this finally cleaning all the rot from under your walls . 
  the problem is that this is turning into a cold civil war . 
  on one side , you have the middle class , which fully supports the fight against corruption , and on the other side , you have the upper and lower classes , which are increasingly against it . 
  it might seem odd that the upper and lower classes became allies against the middle class , but it makes sense if you think about . 
  the upper class are the ones who directly benefit from corruption , they 're the politicians and the crooks who benefit most from contracts with the state . 
  the lower class is mostly uneducated people who are easy targets for the upper class ' propaganda machine . 
  that 's why we have mayors under house arrest that are running for elections again and have serious chances of winning . 
  in bucharest there is like a permanent contest to see who is the biggest asshole , so pretty much everyone in the video is more or less the a douchebag . 
  now , of course the pedestrians are breaking the law by being on a cycle path , but 90 % of romanian `` cycle paths '' mean a bunch of lines drawn on the sidewalk with no logic whatsoever , often leaving little space for pedestrians . 
  the other 10 % are separate cycling paths but often improperly signaled , pedestrians confuse them woth sidewalks , others do n't give a shit , stupid drivers park their cars on them . 
  to be fair , it 's not just bucharest , the entire country has crappy cycling infrastructure . 
  personally , i prefer to use my car , i consider cycling to be too dangerous . 
  i only use my bike for mountain biking . 
  also , cyclists are mostly idiots as well . 
  just two days ago , i almost ran over a stupid peasant who was riding his bike on pitch dark road with no fluorescent vest and a dirty cat eye . 
  i 'll pm you the article when i find it . 
  i ca n't find that specific article , but it was only from a few months ago . 
  it was about a romanian gang who would exploit girls and the local police were hand in hand with them , and the girl they interviewed claimed she went to the police , the police then called her pimp and he beat her inside the police station . 
  to be fair , i ca n't remember exactly which country it happened , but it was either italy or spain . 
  well , with sexual exploitation it is a very delicate question . 
  i 'm sure sexual slavery is a real phenomenon , but it 's tough to differentiate between sex slaves and regular prostitutes with pimps . 
  in romania at least , i heard of at least a couple of cases where prostitutes were coerced by prosecutors to testify against the pimps and say they were forced , when in fact they were doing it willingly . 
  also , prostitutes may testify against pimps , simply because they do n't want their family and friends to know they were willingly prostitutes . 
  these questions are pretty vague and imho do not define slavery . 
   were you or a family member ever forced by your employer to work against your will ? 
  define forced . 
  an employer could threaten to fire you if you do n't do said job , it does n't really mean slavery . 
   were you or a family member ever forced to pay a debt to your employer ? 
  the debt could be legit , again , not automatically slavery . 
   were you or a family member ever offered a job than forced to do a different job or not allowed to do the originally offered job ? 
  this shit happens all the time , people finding out they actually have more responsibilities than stated in the contract . 
  abuse , yes , slavery ... i do n't think so . 
  it really depends on the definition of the word `` forced '' , if they are forced via threats of violence , then yes , it 's slavery , if they are forced via threats of getting fired , having their salary reduced , then it 's just abuse . 
  well it is slavery , i agree , but it 's not really like traditional slavery , back when it was legal and slaves would be bought/sold/rented openly . 
  these fellas in ankara are n't very bright , are they ? 
  just because you do n't have your passport anymore , does n't mean you 've been stripped of your citizenship . 
  people lose their passports all the time , it 's not a huge deal .
