  but those are rare cases , in most cases the eu seeks to negotiate unanimity from it 's member states because if it constantly pissed off members , it simply would n't work . 
  so uk does have power and influence in the eu , the vast majority of laws are passed with the consent of all the big three ( germany , france and uk ) and most if not all other member states . 
   loss of border control . 
  i am a first-gen immigrant and even i can admit that there is a problem of uncontrolled , non-integrating immigration . 
  there are lots of studies and reports showing that integration is not happening , even after multiple generations . 
  the uk is not in schengen . 
  it still has control of its own borders . 
  the eu also does not regulate non-eu immigration , so the uk can have whatever rules it wants for non-eu immigrants ( which it does ) . 
   uk pitches in twice as much as it gets back . 
  first of all , the uk has a net contribution of 8.5 billion , which is like 0.3 % of gdp or something . 
  so not really that significant . 
  the advantages it gets from being in the single market . 
  another thing to take into consideration is that when eu money are spent , most of those money go to eu companies , including british companies . 
  so , in reality , a lot of that money goes back to britain indirectly . 
   it could build a new nhs hospital every other week with the difference . 
  and who would staff those hospitals ? 
  did you know the uk has a shortage of doctors and nurses ? 
  the nhs hires a ton of doctors and nurses from eu countries like mine . 
  these are doctors and nurses educated in romania , with money from the romanian state that do n't bring any benefits to the romanian state , which the british state gets essentially for free . 
  meanwhile , romania has a shortage of doctors and nurses simply because they go to other countries that offer better salaries , like the uk . 
  but of course , no one notices these immigrants , only the gypsies and hobos , because doctors and nurses do n't fit the ukip narrative . 
  enlighten me . 
  funny , because i 've yet to see a leave argument that 's neither a hyperbole , nor an outright lie . 
  he organized the referendum because he promised to do it in order to get more votes last year . 
  he was confident remain was going to win anyways . 
  he was very wrong , apparently . 
  finland can not into nordic because you speak hungarian and are in different time zone . 
  welcome to eastern yurop . 
   not all economists are on the same page about brexit it 's not north korea , so they do n't all have to be on the same page . 
  the vast majority are pro-remain though . 
   lawyers want to remain so they can practice in the eu . 
  it has nothing to do with what is best for the country . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  if britain leaves the eu , they 'll have so much work on their hands , in a few years they 'd make a fortune that would enable to them retire and live like kings for the rest of their life . 
  do n't worry about the lawyers , they wo n't live on benefits , they will continue to make money regardless of which camp wins , worry for the rest of the brits . 
   university students are too often heavy on ideology and light on facts . 
  i say this first hand as a current student . 
  oh really ? 
  so you 're claiming the `` immigrants stole my jerbs !, 
  ! 1 '' types are the reasonable ones , right ? 
  good morning eastern yuropean brother . 
  because he 's strongly pro-remain , a leave vote can also be interpreted as an anti-cameron vote . 
  nah , when they 'll see britain tearing itself apart and turning to shit , there wo n't be another country to exit the eu . 
  when the ussr dissolved , even though it was already objectively shitty , most countries became even shittier than they were while in the ussr . 
  the only exceptions were the baltic countries , which immediately made a move to start negotiations with the eu , but even they have been through harsh times in the 1990s . 
  the eu is in a much better shape than the ussr ever was , but if it splits , the countries will turn to shit . 
  because it says a lot about the kinds of people who are in each camp . 
  well , if you think your sovereignty will keep your belly full , then good luck . 
  negotiations are certainly going to take a lot more than two years though . 
  yeah , it will subside eventually , after scotland will have another referendum in which it will most likely vote to leave the uk and after the uk will have negotiated all trade treaties with the eu ( and the eu is surely not known for speedy negotiations ) . 
  so it will likely take years , if not decades before investors will find what 's left of the uk attractive again , but by that time it will probably only be an empty shell . 
  there 's a reason why economists , lawyers and university towns are overwhelmingly pro-remain , do n't you think ? 
   sovereignty is understood in jurisprudence as the full right and power of a governing body to govern itself without any interference from outside sources or bodies . 
  sovereignty is a lie , there 's no country , at least no developed country that 's completely sovereign , not even russia or north korea . 
  if leave wins , it will probably drop to # 1 = $ 1, 
  no one really knows what 's going to happen , which means uncertainty , and uncertainty is very bad for business , so it will likely be very bad . 
  look at how the pound is dropping , and this is only the beginning . 
  theoretically the referendum is non-binding , but in practice it would be political suicide for him to do so . 
  in any case , the best thing for him would be to just resign in case leave wins . 
  well , a leave win is looking more and more likely at this point . 
  the pound dropping is only a small sign of what 's about to come . 
  tomorrow , the leave camp might be celebrating , but the happy mood will be gone in a few months ' time , when they 'll start to realize what they 've actually done . 
  well it 's easy . 
  once you 're out , you 'll have to renegotiate everything with the eu . 
  because the eu obviously wants to keep itself together , it wo n't have any interest in giving the uk a good deal , because if the uk leaves and gets a good deal , this would give ideas to other countries that have significant euroskeptic populations ( i.e. 
  the netherlands ) . 
  if the eu gets tough on britain , british economy will go to shit , thus sending the message that it 's a very bad idea to leave the eu . 
  and it would n't be just the eu who would have serious reasons to be pissed at britain , but also individual countries , especially southern and eastern eu countries who would suffer from a reduction in eu funds and lack of free movement to the uk , thus their governments would have every incentive to veto any agreement that would benefit britain . 
  let 's face the facts , there are only 3 developed countries in europe that are not officially part of the eu ( switzerland , norway and iceland ) , yet they still contribute to the eu budget and are still subject to the free movement of people ( which , let 's be honest here , is the main reason people who vote out do so ) . 
  in conclusion , by voting out , britain has basically two options : a. 
  get some important opt-outs but still have to maintain the important eu rules ( the same rules that it hates so much ) , just like norway , switzerland and iceland . 
  also , have no power to influence those rules . 
  go full isolationist and join the ranks of turkey and russia whose people have to queue up at embassies just to get a visa to go on vacation and pay massive tariffs that would make their products extremely uncompetitive on eu markets . 
  so both scenarios look pretty shitty for britain . 
  in the first one , it 's basically the same thing as today , but you 're whining wo n't matter in brussels anymore and in the second scenario , well , your economy would go to shit for at least a decade . 
  no , you 're not fucking the eu , you 're fucking yourselves . 
  wales is much poorer than scotland . 
  poor people are easier to manipulate , no pun intended . 
  the girl is a former journalist currently wanted by interpol for forgery and money laundering . 
  she is believed to be hiding in romania . 
  the tape is pretty famous , at some point he even has a phone conversation with basescu after which he mocks him . 
  you can exchange pounds in all eu countries , why would they rush to get euros before they go on holiday ? 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  you see , moldova is actually a dictatorship masquerading as a democracy . 
  the dictator is vladimir plahotniuc , aka the puppeteer . 
  he is a romanian citizen with strong links to bucharest as well as moscow . 
  he is so powerful that he had romanian prosecutors drop a criminal case against him citing a clause that did n't make any sense . 
  he has the moldovan government and more than half the parliament in his back pocket . 
  so say you want to invest any significant sum of money into moldova , like  $ 1 million . 
  you go to chisinau , get a room an expensive hotel , before you even have the chance to settle down you hear a knock . 
  you open the door and it 's two hot barely 18 bitches who will make you think that it has been their life long dream to have a threesome with your old , hairy ass . 
  several hours later , someone else knocks on your door , this time some big russian \u0430\u043c\u0431\u0430\u043b who will inform you that mr. plahotniuc has invited you for dinner and it would be a very bad idea not to go . 
  you go there , eat some nice food , in the mean time plahotniuc tells you that you can either give him a share of the business or you can fuck off from moldova and never come back again . 
  if you disregard him , you will have to face the thick wall of moldovan bureaucracy , and even if you manage to go through that by bribing every state employee you encounter , he will make sure to terrorize you and your business until you leave moldova and sell your business at a heavily discounted price ( to him , of course ) . 
  oh , and he might also send a tape of that threesome to your wife . 
  this is not a joke , the last moldovan pm to disregard him has been turned into both a porn star ( search pornhub for vlad filat ) and a convict ( he is currently in prison ) . 
  in conclusion , there are strong interests , including in romania , to maintain the status quo in moldova . 
  it 's satire . 
   because freedom do n't hides their ip address . 
  do n't they ?
