   does it matter what is her name and which god she believes in ? 
  seriously ? 
  when hungary will have a minority president , a minority pm and a minority head of intelligence services , all at the same time , i will believe that . 
  fuck this shit . 
  this is it , i 'm getting hungarian citizenship and voting for orb\u00e1n . 
  i mean it . 
  i do n't like orb\u00e1n , but at least i can pronounce his name . 
  i do n't want to live in a country where convicts like dragnea get millions of votes and the pm is a person whose name i ca n't even fucking pronounce . 
  seems about right , although i live in timisoara , not bucharest , but prices are n't very different , except for rent ( which is cheaper in timisoara ) and cabs ( which are more expensive ) . 
  it sounds impressive , but in fact i dare to say it 's not . 
  it highlights a much bigger problem with the romanian economy . 
  the problem is that a really large number of romanians are paid minimum wage , either actually minimum wage is what they get , or minimum wage on paper , then get extra money under the table . 
  this year , the minimum wage was increased from 1050 lei/month to 1250 lei per month , or roughly 20 % . 
  this means that not only people who were earning minimum wage got a wage increase , but also people who were earning between 1050 and 1250 got raises . 
  the number of minimum wage employees is like 1/3 of all employees and growing every time there 's a minimum wage increase . 
  middle class people have only seen more modest increases , for example my mom was making roughly 4500 lei per month in 2009 and now she 's earning roughly 5200 lei , so barely 15 % in almost 8 years , i 'm not sure if this even covers inflation . 
  i 'd call it propaganda . 
  the catholic church has been involved in some pretty nasty scandals in the last few years , add to this the fact that young people are less and less religious and it becomes obvious that the catholic church is in deep shit right now so the pope needs to do this kind of stuff to try and slow down the decline . 
  let 's not fool ourselves , the church is an organization like any other , their main interests are money , influence and power . 
  yeah , but in the beginning he talks about how easily the thief could have accessed his data and then reset his phone and use it as his own . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  if a video starts with bullshit , it 's most likely it 's all bullshit . 
  not op , but i also think it 's staged . 
  there are lots of inconsistencies and fallacies in the story . 
  i used to work for a computer/mobile phone repair shop when i was in college , i know how these things work . 
  - first he says that he was afraid the thief had access to all his data . 
  unless you are a retard and do n't use a passcode on your phone , or the passcode is 1234 , that 's simply not possible . 
  the passcode on an iphone is notoriously hard to crack . 
  it only lets you make 10 failed attempts before the phone completely locks itself . 
  at that point , you will need to sync your iphone with a computer you 've used before to be able to unlock it , unless the security settings are set to erase data after 10 failed attempts , in which case it is basically impossible to recover any data from the iphone . 
  - then he says that the `` find my iphone '' service was useless and that the thief could have simply changed the sim and reset the phone . 
  now that 's just bullshit . 
  if `` find my iphone '' is turned on , it 's impossible to reset the phone without knowing the owner 's icloud id and password . 
  you can go to any website that claims to be able to unlock an icloud locked phone , those are just scams . 
  the only real way to unlock it ( except by knowing the icloud username and password ) is to replace a bunch of components on the logic board , which is very expensive and simply not worth the time . 
  even if the thief somehow had micro soldering skills and a bunch of iphone logic boards laying around to source components from , he would probably not be stealing phones for a living , since that is a very valuable skill . 
  in short , the iphone is the most thief proof phone on the market , a stolen iphone 6s or 7 in perfect condition is barely worth $ 100 , while a premium stolen android phone can simply be reflashed and sold for the same amount as a legit used phone . 
  - then he goes on to speak about how cool the `` cerberus '' software for android is and how it prevents the rom from being reflashed . 
  again , that 's bullshit . 
  there 's no software that can prevent you from reflashing a rooted android phone . 
  - there are tons of inconsistencies about the thief 's life - he 's dirt poor , lives in a homeless shelter , but somehow he can afford travelling to foreign countries and hanging out in cafes every day . 
  he also sells cocaine and steals cheap phones . 
  - at some point he says `` i looked up his location history and he went offline . 
  maybe he lost his wifi connection '' , but then he says he feels sorry for using a lot of his mobile data . 
  if he was using the phone with wifi , why did n't he take pictures/videos when he was on wifi , because that does n't cost any data ? 
  it simply does n't make any sense . 
  - last , but not least , he said the phone went offline after 2 weeks . 
  who the hell steals a phone , sets it up and uses it and his own , then just randomly stops using it after two weeks ? 
  nobody does that !, 
  also , after the end credits , he shows the phone `` coming back online '' after 7 months . 
  yeah , the phone has been dead for seven months , then comes back with a romanian interface instead of arabic . 
  sounds legit . 
  i 'm also sure he kept checking that software for seven months after doing his `` investigation '' . 
  to me , all of this looks like a disguised advertorial for that `` cerberus '' software . 
  because iphones can be icloud locked . 
  after that , they 're not really worth much . 
  take a look at [ this listing ] ( https://www.olx.ro/oferta/iphone-6s-silver-defect-pentru-piese-id7xaiv.html#ae71b55830 ) for example . 
  a `` defective '' iphone 6s being sold for $ 100 ? 
  sure sounds weird , he does n't mention the defect , but from the pictures it looks like it does turn on , so what might be the problem ? 
   stop asking me for imei , it 's absolutely irrelevant . 
  i 'm selling it for the display , case , battery , parts etc. 
  yup , imei is `` irrelevant '' , definitely not stolen , no sir !, 
  also , the guy in the video is wrong , you ca n't unlock icloud locked iphones by paying money to a website , those are just scams . 
  the only way to unlock an icloud locked device is by replacing a bunch of tiny components on the logic board , which requires thousands of euros worth of equipment , micro soldering skills and a dead but not locked logic board sourced from an exact same iphone model . 
  even if you manage to do this , the phone will have no touch id functionality after that and future updates might brick it completely . 
  in other words , it 's simply not worth it . 
   language switched to arabic phew , not a romanian . . video ends , but wait , what ? 
  anyway , it seems rather fake , my guess it 's an advertisement for that software . 
  he is also making a false claim that the software makes it impossible to reflash the rom . 
  that 's just not true . 
  heh , i remember back in the 9th grade , when i went to a national english contest in bucharest , the dorm buildings were so close together , and all the rooms had huge ass windows , at night , you could basically see students fucking in the other building if they left their light on . 
  it was like watching a live porn movie on a flat screen tv . 
  couple of months ago , there was an article , on this very sub if i 'm not mistaken , that it was going to be demolished . 
  now they 're turning it into a disabled charity ? 
  it sure sounds like the government has no idea what the hell it should do with it . 
   we can finally step out of the uncertain `` if you do n't spend x you wo n't get any back up '' zone . 
  you are very foolish if you think that . 
  nato was never put to the test , it was never certain , not even under obama , that the us would intervene militarily if an eastern nato member came under attack by a powerful enemy , like russia . 
  under trump , this is even more uncertain . 
  heck , the idiot would be capable of using eastern europe as a bargaining chip to get american companies some good contracts in russia or some other stupid bullshit . 
  of course it does n't , just until they learn to be responsible with other people 's money . 
  probably because undeveloped or underdeveloped sounds more negative . 
  developing sounds like something is happening , so probably it is to make officials from shit countries feel better about themselves . 
   in the 2016 edition of its world development indicators , the world bank made a decision to no longer distinguish between `` developed '' and `` developing '' countries in the presentation of its data . 
  ** nobody has ever agreed on a definition for these terms in the first place . 
  good thing it did n't crown its lucille . 
   and trump actually wants to be in charge . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think trump only wants to feed his ego , and have other people do what he should do . 
  i mean look at him , just tweeting crap all day , not knowing what the hell he 's doing when he 's pissing off china after saying he spoke with the president of taiwan . 
  trump is just a showman , he knows how to read the crowds and spew out bullshit with 200 % confidence , but he is clearly not capable of being a real president , at least not without someone smart enough to tell him what he 's supposed to do about everything . 
  the only reason why anyone with even half a brain voted for trump , was that they felt hillary 's personality and policies were too atrocious to vote for her , and i can understand that . 
  but those people are n't trump supporters , they just voted for trump because of lack of a better option . 
  the typical trump supporters are like the stereotypical fat , fast food eating , couch entertainment loving , ignorant and borderline retarded suburban american . 
  yeah , and we 'll probably stay on that list for a few more years , since the psd just won the elections . 
   also , til that romania is categorised as a developing country . 
  [ it is , actually ] ( http://www.iugg2015prague.com/list-of-developing-countries.htm ) . 
  what i can tell from that map is that flatter areas are pretty much covered , the only thing that remains are mountainous and hilly areas , which obviously are more difficult to cover . 
  it was the same thing with 3g when it was first rolled out . 
  it 's true that we do n't have the best peering in the world , but that only really affects people who want to build huge data centers to serve connections from all over the world , not the average consumer .
