  however , even if we do have the largest number of hours and smallest number of free days , it 's still irrelevant because of efficiency . 
  let 's take construction for example , a german construction worker uses newer , better and more specific tools than a romanian one . 
  in addition to that , he also uses better techniques . 
  in romania , many things are done , as we say it , `` dup\u0103 ureche '' , resulting in something that is poor quality or taking a much longer time than necessary . 
  we can honestly use something like this over here . 
  unfortunately , it would n't be considered politically correct by the eu bosses ... 
  not true , in romania you normally get a better deal at exchange offices , you just need to know which ones . 
  why does the british ( tabloid and occasionally non-tabloid media ) always single out romanians ? 
  are there so many romanians in the uk you do n't have any more space on your little island ? 
  seriously , though , a big part of brexit propaganda and especially ukip propaganda targeted romanians in particular . 
  heck , the dm at some point even picked a video from some remote of romania of an idiot beating his daughter and made it into a full fledged article . 
  our media does n't publish videos of stupid british youngsters who go abroad , destroy everything , get tons of stds and generally embarrass themselves . 
  before you ask why romanians have a problem with the uk , first ask yourself why british media has a problem with romania . 
  well , i guess that what happens with your financial services sector when you try to get rid of all the jews . 
  sorry , but the uk are the hate wankers . 
  the fact that you will leave the eu with a sore asshole is a fact , not our wish . 
   since european is n't a nationality . 
  it is n't a nationality , but people from eu member states are also considered eu citizens in addition to their national citizenship . 
  would you also consider someone who moves from mainland china to hong kong an immigrant ? 
  it 's the same country , but they still have different passports , different immigration rules , and it 's actually much harder for someone from mainland china to move to hong kong than for someone from sweden to move to germany . 
  how does hungary want to subvert the eu . 
  just because they do n't want to accept hordes of unskilled economic migrants from all over the world ?!, 
  we can barely get along with each other , as europeans , how can you imagine there would be no problem with bringing millions of people from vastly different cultures ? 
  for better or worse , european countries share a common history , it was n't always peaceful because europe is small and real estate and resources come at a premium , however arabs and african people have n't been through the same stages of enlightenment as europeans , in fact arabs in particular seem to have been only going downhill with islam . 
  it 's wealthy because it is sucking the wealth from neighboring countries for centuries . 
  it 's not like that huge omv refinery is refining austrian oil and they are n't exporting their own timber ( which they have a lot of , but they do n't cut their own forests , they cut romanian forests because bribes go a long way - another eastern european tradition ) . 
  actually , the main difference between austria and the rest of eastern europe is that they were/are smart enough to steal from other countries , not from their own . 
  austria has almost satisfied the criteria for joining eastern europe : - shitty roads - check - crazy truck drivers - check - dog shit and cigarette butts littering the streets - check - asshole police - check - no gay propaganda - further efforts needed to remove gay traffic lights and renounce conchita wurst , problem will likely be solved once fp\u00d6 wins ; - remove kebab attitude - no major difficulties expected . 
  austria belongs to eastern europe , its name literally means `` eastern realm '' . 
  first cameron said he would trigger brexit soon after the vote . 
  then they said something about october iirc . 
  after that it was january 2017 , now march . 
  at this rate i 'm sure it 'll happen at some point this century . 
  counting on you to stick it up merkel 's ass !, 
  is n't the bbc publicly funded ? 
  do they have the option to not pay for it ? 
  let me explain what he meant . 
  the freedom of movement has both advantages as well as disadvantages for both romania and the uk . 
  the advantages for romania are , mainly that : - people can go work anywhere in europe , thus allowing romania to have low unemployment . 
  - remittances from people working abroad are significant , around 3-4 % of the entire romanian gdp if i 'm not mistaken . 
  the main disadvantage is that skilled people , like doctors , which romania also needs , leave to countries like the uk , france or germany because they get better pay . 
  this is pretty shitty , because medical university is expensive and most students have their tutoring paid for by the state . 
  however , due to eu law , it would not be legal to prevent them from moving to another country after graduating . 
  similarly , the uk has the advantage that it can obtain skilled workforce from other eu countries very easily ( since diplomas are automatically recognized , applicants do n't need to get visas or undergo a lot of formalities like they would have to if they would want to work in the us for example ) . 
  the disadvantage , of course , is that with freedom of movement , the uk also has to have its job market open for unskilled workers who come willing to work for lower wages than native britons , thus creating unemployment among native britons . 
  what the uk wants to do , after brexit , is to maintain the freedom of movement for highly skilled people , like stem graduates , but dropping it for other people . 
  in other words , the uk wants to fuck the eastern eu countries like romania and poland in the ass , and they are rightfully pissed about this . 
  both romania and poland are doing relatively good right now , but if they were faced with a large influx of people coming back from the uk they would have some serious problems because they do n't have hundreds of thousands of vacant jobs to accommodate all those people . 
  of course , in theory , those people could just move to other western european countries , but in practice , they would n't be able to find equivalent jobs in , say , germany , if they only speak english , not german . 
   yes it can be done , but you will eat some horrible shit and/or spend a lot of time cooking . 
  i honestly never kept track how much i spend on food , but tbh i doubt it 's much more than that . 
  of course , i do n't consider the shit i eat out food . 
  that 's occasional , unnecessary , expensive and unhealthy anyway . 
  i also typically eat at my parents ' or my gf 's parents in the weekends , which also reduces the costs somewhat , but typically i cook my own food and it 's not that expensive . 
  overall , i spend around $ 600 euros per month on everything . 
  i own my apartment ( completely , no mortgage or anything ) , but i also have a car which i use every day and combined ( fuel , insurance , tax , vignette , washing , maintenance ) it probably costs me more than the rent would be , but cars are luxury . 
  france would surrender . 
  russia would probably come to help you , but good luck convincing them to leave afterwards . 
  hard question . 
  none of the major european powers appeal to me : - russia would come to help but then would forget to leave ; - the uk would sell us out to the enemy ; - france would surrender like pussies ; - germany would lose the war ; - all other european countries have only toy armies . 
  i never attempted to compare greece with romania in my original comment , but since you brought it up , i 'm going to do it . 
  yes , i agree that taxi drivers in romania are also scum , and in bucharest they are scum of the earth . 
  yes , romania has a lot of tax evasion and corruption as well . 
  however , the main difference is that romania never attempted to live beyond its means , on debt . 
  it had the behavior of a shit country , but also the conditions of a shit country . 
  greece on the other hand , had an economy similar to romania 's , but was spending money like germany . 
  other peoples ' money . 
  and the even bigger deal is that now , when they were found out to have been stealing from the cookie jar for years , they blame the same people who caught them . 
  instead of admitting the mistakes and trying to correct them and make sure they wo n't happen in the future , they just point fingers and play victim . 
  that 's the real annoying thing . 
  you fucked up , you have to suck it up and start building a real economy and eventually you will be able to pay your debts and become a normal country . 
  however , this requires a lot more actual work and less finger pointing . 
  i 'm not saying this is the fault of all greek people , but the fingers should be pointed at your own politicians and scumbags who did n't pay their taxes , not at other countries or people like this guy . 
  i was talking about a studio , obviously , if you need two rooms , you probably have someone to live with you who also has an income . 
  i remember when i visited greece back in 2009 and had a taxi ride and asked the driver why he did n't turn on the taximeter . 
  he looked at me like i had just cursed his mother . 
  tax evasion and fraud are the norm in greece and the attitude towards this guy proves that the greek people need some more austerity before they learn their lesson . 
  they need to stop blaming others and look in the mirror first . 
  no , for the whole flat . 
  decent rent is around $ 200/month , food around $ 80/month , utilities ( building maintenance , electricity , water , gas , garbage disposal , phone , tv , internet ) around $ 80 , public transit around $ 25 . 
  actually , most things except for clothes , electronics , fuel and cars are cheaper than in the west . 
  car insurance is also very cheap , i pay per year as much as my cousin-in-law from austria pays per month , even though we have similar engines and coverage . 
  495 euros per month ( after taxes ) is pretty good for a recent graduate outside of bucharest . 
  you can afford a decent rent , utilities , food and going out every weekend . 
  you can even afford a car if it 's registered on one of your parents ' name , so that you do n't have to pay a fortune for insurance . 
  sorry , but negotiations with austria to join eastern europe are suspended until they get rid of their [ gay traffic lights ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cfw6dpz.jpg ) . 
  that list is probably based on corruption ** perception ** which is total bullshit , let 's be honest , russia and turkey better ranked than italy and hungary , must be a terrible joke . 
   i suggest you to be careful about protection and about your sexual partners then . 
  it would not be just bad for you to have a baby , it would be bad for the baby as well . 
  because you 're clearly not mature enough to have children yet . 
  i simply do n't have the required stability and time right now to be able to care for a child . 
  i also do n't want to have a child with a person i do n't want to spend the rest of my life with , just because , at some point , i thought it would be fun to stick my dick inside her . 
  if you could have seen yourself having a child at some point with all your sexual partners , well , congratulations , but most people are n't like that . 
   but none of this is the baby 's fault . 
  even if the man did n't want the baby , the baby needs its parents . 
  well , obviously , it is n't the baby 's fault , but this is how you create shitty families . 
  if a man is forced into an unhappy relationship `` for the sake of the baby '' , he will likely turn into `` that guy '' who drinks late at night , comes home to the wife he really hates and waits for her to give him a reason to pull his belt out and beat the wife in front of the children , like a true eastern european man , and then perhaps also beat the children , you know , just because he can . 
  this is a sad reality in many families and is often the consequence of ending up in a relationship you did n't desire . 
   while i agree that some factors can increase the risk of being raped , the rape is still the fault of the rapist , never the victim , even if she walked naked at 2am around a night club and completely drunk . 
  it 's still not acceptable to rape anyone under any circumstances .
