  i think capitals are overrated in general . 
  that 's for blowjob + sex , just blowjob or just sex is 50 lei . 
  if they have a slow day , you can get them to fuck for a coffee or food stamps . 
  well , you can apply [ here ] ( http://www.ancom.org.ro/en/ ) then . 
  the problem is that you need to be either a citizen of the eu , switzerland , norway or iceland though . 
  well , i guess that could work also , but i was referring to the type of blowjobs you can get in a tir parking or something , the fee is pretty standard , 50 lei per blowjob , bj + fuck is usually 80 . 
  i chose an average wine , of course there is also cheaper , as well as most expensive wine , but a decent bottle is around 15 lei . 
  in romania mps can take the oath with their hand either on their religious book of choice or on the constitution . 
  the last phrase of the oath is the only religious one `` so help me god '' , but it can be replaced with `` i swear on my honor and conscience '' . 
  i like our [ 500 lei notes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aqwibat.jpg ) , they 're big , shiny ( because they 're made from plastic and usually look brand new , as they 're not very circulated ) and they tend to give you a boner if you have a lot of them to count . 
  a single 500 lei note could buy you : - 30 bottles of wine - 236 bottles of beer - 6 bottles of jack - 10 grams of weed - 10 blowjobs, 
  our fines are based on the minimum wage , and the absolute minimum is 20 % of the monthly minimum wage , so today it 's 250 ron ( approx . 
  if you pay the fine within 48 hours , you can pay half the fine , so 125 ron , but that 's it , there 's no lesser fine than that . 
  in romania there 's no recycling simply because people are n't educated how to recycle , there are no incentives , nor punishments for not recycling . 
  just an example from my area : about 5 years ago , they brought in some selective garbage collection dumpsters and placed them next to the normal trash dumpsters . 
  they were there for about a year , then they took them away because people either were n't using them or throwing random trash inside . 
  a couple of years later , they popped up again , but then they took them away again , after a few months . 
  people just do n't know how to recycle , for example we have collection centers for electric and electronic appliances , but it 's easier for people to just throw their old phone , laptop or desktop computer in the regular trash dumpster as the chances of getting fined for that are abysmally small . 
  people even throw things that place an obvious safety threat , like economical light bulbs or thermometers , when there 's a very specific procedure of how to dispose of them , but again , the vast majority do n't know/care about this . 
  that is illegal in romania as well . 
  i was fined $ 50 for this once . 
  of course , there are exceptions , like on new year , for example , although i do n't really know if it 's actually a legit exception or if they just do n't enforce the law on such days . 
  i do n't know how it works , because the romanian porn market is essentially non-existant due to this law . 
  another fun fact - cam studios are legal because it 's not considered pornography if it 's a single woman or even multiple women . 
  if it 's a couple , it 's automatically considered pornography , thus illegal because it does n't comply with the regulation . 
  so a bunch of camwhores who shove 25 cm dildos up their ass are considered perfectly fine , while a couple having sex is illegal . 
  of course , this does not mean there are no romanian couples on cam websites , but there are very few and they do it independently , because no professional cam studio hires couples because of this law . 
  of course , even if you do it from home , you can get a pretty hefty fine if you get caught , but realistically , the regulatory authority does n't have anyone to browse cam websites 24/7 to see what romanians do there , not to mention many websites let them lie about their country . 
  yep , you can access them , that 's the most retarded part imho , because the law gives foreign porn websites absolute domination of the romanian market for free , as they do n't have to pay any taxes . 
  i think one of the most retarded laws in romania is the 2003 `` law for combating pornography '' , more specifically article 7 of that law :  ( 1 ) persoanele care realizeaza site-uri cu caracter pornografic sunt obligate sa le paroleze , iar accesul la acestea va fi permis numai dupa ce s-a platit o taxa pe minut de utilizare , stabilita de realizatorul site-ului si declarata la organele fiscale . 
   persons who create websites with pornographic content are required to protect them with a password and access can only be granted after a tax has been paid for every minute of use , a tax established by the website owner and declared to the fiscal authorities . 
  this basically makes free porn illegal in romania and renders paid porn extremely impractical , because who the hell would pay a tax for every minute of using a website ? 
  it also means the romanian state is shooting itself in the foot , because foreign porn websites are not subject to these restrictions and obviously they do n't pay any taxes to the romanian government . 
  what this means , essentially , is that the romanian government is throwing millions of euros of potential tax revenue straight out the window . 
  paywall , text plz . 
  pretty sure there are scummier mayors out there , like nichita from iasi . 
  let me just clarify how the psd actually `` won '' . 
  the sdp has a very loyal electorate , mainly consisting of uneducated pensioners , benefit queens , gypsies , low lives and other people who can be easily manipulated . 
  this means no matter how bad they screw up , they will still maintain those voters because all they have to do is spoon feed them propaganda through their tv channels , because their tv channels are the main source of ( mis ) information for their voters . 
  the other main party , the nlp , does n't have this luxury , their electorate are people with brains and when they screw up , they lose voters , big time , and boy did they screw up this time . 
  the voter turnout was extremely low , something like 48 % , but that 's only because of rural areas , in cities it was much worse , something like 30 % on average . 
  what this does is make the brainwashed sdp voters are larger part of the equation . 
  in the past , mayors were elected in two rounds , but the law changed to have just one election round . 
  this makes the situation even better for the sdp , because in many cases they won with 30-40 % as the vote for the other candidates was very divided . 
  had there been two rounds , the sdp would have lost in many cases , because most voters who supported other candidates would never vote for a social democrat . 
  this means you have situations where 60 % + of the voters are against the sdp , but the sdp still won . 
  [ he built a wall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8qxew_w56s ) to keep the gypsies segregated from the rest of the city . 
  that 's why he 's so popular , i think . 
  he 's also not the only case , the only thing special about him is that he 's actually in jail , but there are other mayors , like olguta vasilescu ( craiova , 60 % ) or george scripcaru ( brasov , 50 % ) who are under judicial control . 
  edit : also , he 's in jail , not prison , under arrest , has n't been convicted yet . 
  yes , it does matter , because this is a very complex issue and the vast majority of people , both leave and remain supporters , do n't have a basic understanding of even how the eu works , let alone the consequences of leaving the eu . 
  this means people can be easily manipulated and the brexit campaign takes advantage of this , via populism , fear-mongering , spreading half-truths and even outright lies . 
  this is also not like a regular election , when you vote for a party and if you do n't like them you can vote them out a few years later . 
  if you vote out , you 're out , and by the time you realize it was a shitty decision , going back will be very hard . 
  the real question is : will albania participate with both their tanks ? 
   afaik some of the most important and successful national projects were made in collaboration with yugoslavia/serbia that was decades ago , back when there was yugoslavia , a powerful country similar in size to romania . 
  today , serbia is a small and poor country , even poorer than us . 
  whenever you hear about serbia , it 's about cigarette smuggling . 
  hungary , slovakia , czech republic , poland are important for us , because most of our trade is with the eu , and most of the stuff we export and import come and go through these countries . 
  it makes natural sense that our first priority should be to integrate our infrastructure with hungary 's . 
  currently , we only have one motorway that connects us to hungary and it does n't even go all the way to bucharest yet . 
   i think logic and common sense is prioritised in international relations over some people being upset that we left . 
  yeah , the thing is , brexit itself goes against logic and common sense , it 's just imperialist nostalgia and fear-mongering . 
  still , they had to negotiate some agreements to be granted visa-free travel , it took some time , they did n't get it by default . 
  again , britain would have to renegotiate all agreements with the eu from scratch , including those regarding travel requirements . 
  also , britain would be in a very shitty position with regards to the other eu states which would be pretty pissed about brexit . 
  yeah , sorry , but i only see us soldiers stationed around here , not `` nato '' or `` eu '' ones . 
  why should we even trust germany , anyway ? 
  they 're the ones keeping us outside of schengen , despite the fact that we met all the required conditions for joining like 5 years ago . 
  at the same time , they 're openly inviting illegal migrants and throwing shit at hungary for building a fence . 
  how are we supposed to see germany as a friend in these conditions ? 
  so you want to be like russia and turkey then , to queue up at embassies for visas every time you want to go on vacation ? 
   do you think germany and france would sit just idly by if a european country is attacked ? 
  nope , the merkhollande couple would frantically fly around europe to talk about `` sanctions '' while putin would be wrecking havoc on the ground . 
  the us and uk militaries come to romania often for joint exercises , but i honestly ca n't remember the last time the germans or french came here , i assume it 's because the germans are too embarrassed to show off their broomsticks . 
   also , regional groups only make sense if they connect the countries in the same region , if you add countries which are not in the same region ( in this case central europe ) then you ca n't work as efficiently , because you will have less common interests . 
  well , romania is at least partly in central europe ( transylvania ) . 
  i would also say romania has a lot of common interests with v5 countries , especially considering we are all part of the eu 's eastern border with the fsu , except for the czech republic . 
  i think leave supporters imagine if britain will leave the eu it will be like switzerland or norway , but in reality it will be more like turkey or russia . 
  switzerland and norway , despite not being eu members , are very well integrated with the eu , also they have some very specific economic reasons to stay outside the eu . 
  if britain will leave the eu , everything will have to be renegotiated from scratch and this is very likely to fuck up the british economy , big time . 
   can a romanian answer why the president would be urged to take this particular stance ? 
  short answer : russia . 
  western europe is too soft on russia , we could n't count on western europe for support , it would probably be just us , the poles , the americans and the brits . 
   and why would they , they have their own group now . 
  but we want into cool kids group , not with bulgaria and serbia . 
  also , neither serbia , nor bulgaria could be trusted when it comes to russia . 
   the secret police which was extremely well organised and very oppressive . 
  700k informers . 
  that 's a fuckton . 
  no wonder sri has so many agents . 
  the securitate is overrated . 
  yes , it did have many informants , yes it was a feared , but it was n't the fucking gestapo or anything like that . 
  unless you were a big fish , the worse that could happen to you was to have your shit confiscated ( especially if you had foreign currency above the legal limits , vcrs or satellite phones to communicate with the outside world without the securitate being able to eavesdrop ) , get beat up in a dungeon for a couple of hours or lose your job . 
  but this was the worst case scenario , for example my grandfather had a satellite phone he received from a friend in west germany , the securitate came to his home , asked to see the phone and told him to bring it in by the following week . 
  that was it , no labour camp , no dungeon beatings , they did n't even take the phone , they just asked him to bring it in . 
   the fact that his economic policies destroyed romania : having to wait long long hours in queues to buy some milk . 
  the shortages were due to ceausescu stupid austerity plan to pay all debts asap to avoid high interests rates . 
  the shortages only affected some products , like meat , dairy products , cooking oil etc. 
  it was n't like a fucking famine .
