  the phrase `` american dream '' was popularized in the 1930s , but only really started becoming a thing after ww2 , when the us was essentially in charge of the western european economies and it began to grow like crazy . 
  the suburbs , the interstate networks , the automobile , all of these became available to the common man only after ww2 . 
  police say there were around 7000 protesters . 
  they probably intentionally underestimated the numbers , but even if there were three times as many protesters , it 's still nothing . 
  in romania it took several days of protests with hundreds of thousands ( with a peak of around 600k ) to repeal just one government decree . 
  consider this in addition to the fact that romania is a far more democratic country and the entire population is just slightly larger than the population of just moscow . 
  i doubt these protests can create even a small dent in putin 's approval ratings . 
  u wot ? 
  i do n't think there is a single romanian 90s kid who does n't have the obligatory nude pics on the beach , that our mothers just have to show everyone , especially our girlfriends , so they can laugh at our 2cm penises . 
  [ here 's one for you then , from the 2010s ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tuxjiag.jpg ) - and yeah , that guy was the mayor of romania 's second largest city when that picture was published ; - and yeah , one of those girls was underage - and yeah , he probably fucked all three of them - and no , he did n't resign because of that ( he did resign afterwards , when he was arrested for corruption ), 
  no , neither do they wash . a gypsy flashed to me once , after i refused to give her money , i could n't get an erection for three days after that . 
  roma women are very exhibitionistic for some reason . 
  it 's not uncommon for them to get outside with their tits out . 
  also if you piss them off , they flash their vaginas or ass to you , basically a gypsy version of giving the finger . 
  [ here is an example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzbtan4nrfq ) ( flash at 0:15 , it 's blurred though ) . 
  my dad took a very long time to decide on whether to buy something or not , but when he did , he always went top notch . 
  many of my friends and classmates had computers by 2001 , but most were shitty 486s or amds and a few had pentium 2s and one guy had a pentium 3 . 
  when i got the pentium 4 , with 256mb of ram , 40gb hard drive and an nvidia geforce 3 graphics card all my geeky friends envied me . 
  it came with windows 98 but i then befriended the it guy who worked at the same company at my mom and he installed a pirated xp on it , and then showed me how to image and burn cds . 
  i went straight to work , copied every game and movie i could get my hands on . 
  however , the porn sold the best . 
  it would take me days to download enough , short 240p porn clips to fill a cd , but when i did get enough , they would sell like hot bread . 
  these are pictures from 20-25 years ago . 
  it 's a very different country today . 
  i have no idea why they were fighting , it 's an old video that was at some point broadcast on romanian tv while discussing the problem of gypsy clans fighting each other . 
  gypsies rarely fight with non-gypsies unless they have overwhelming numeric superiority and are certain the victims are unable to take revenge . 
  even if they have the numeric superiority , but then still get beaten , they will try to pose as the victims afterwards . 
  romania in the 1990s , especially the early part , was actually a capitalist dream . 
  no regulation , no taxes and a market full of gullible consumers ready to throw their money at any shitty product that had the label of being imported from the west ( it did n't even have to be from the west , just had to be labeled as such ) . 
  it was pretty much a republican 's dream version of america . 
   and a lot of them were handed to transylvanian romanians on a silver plate after ww1 ( who were then 2nd class citizens living in poor villages ) haha , you 're really funny . 
  when you guys were rioting in 1907 , transylvanian romanians were cutting the pig . 
  there were lots of wealthy and educated romanians , hell , the guy who drawn up the project for the united states of greater austria was romanian . 
  if it was n't for that serbian guy who ruined everything , he would have been considered one of the founding fathers of the federal state . 
  the fact that the hungarians tried to assimilate romanians is true , the hungarians were assholes , no surprises here , but that does n't mean they were second hand citizens , if they were rich , they could even have hungarian servants , nothing stopping them . 
  anyway , the point is that , economically , the romanians in transylvania were much better off than the ones in the kingdom . 
  i do n't know if it 's still sold , but it used to be like 30 cents for a 200 mg bottle . 
  for some addicts , a bottle would have lasted them one or days , others used 5-6 bottles a day . 
  another drug which was popular with the `` aurolaci '' was prenadez , which is used for glueing wood and currently retails for around $ 1 cents for 200 ml . 
  bucharest has a higher gdp per capita than everywhere else because romania is highly centralized and thus , most major companies set up their main hqs there . 
  that 's why all the governments keep postponing the decentralization , because they are afraid bucharest will lose it 's privileged position , with cities like cluj or timisoara becoming more attractive to investors despite the bucharest politicians doing their best to screw them over . 
  those times were harsh , made a lot of people to lose their minds , become alcoholics or stop caring about their dignity . 
  i 've witnessed a lot of crazy shit in my childhood , like a dude who was going naked in the middle of the road and screaming from the top of his lungs , sometimes for an hour or more before the police would pick him out . 
  another dude , also well known in the area , would often flash his penis to random women on the streets . 
  the most intense was a dude who chased his wife on the boulevard with a freaking axe . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure about that . 
  i remember seeing american coca-cola ads showing kids drinking coke from aluminum cans , here we would n't even dream about that , we would only get to drink real coke only on special occasions , and never from aluminum cans , but it was like a 2l bottle for the whole family , because those cans were expensive for our standards . 
  in 2001 , my parents bought me my first pc , a pentium 4 , and i started making crazy money from selling pirated cds with games , movies and porn , i could suddenly afford whatever i wanted , thus the good times started . 
  these are pictures from 20-25 years ago , it 's a different country today . 
  if you want to get an idea of how the 90s looked in romania , you should visit moldova . 
  except for the smartphones and modern cars , it looks exactly like 90s romania . 
  there was always a cultural divide between transylvania , which was part of the habsburg empire , and later austria-hungary , and the rest of romania . 
  however , in the 1990s , despite transylvania still being more advanced than the rest of the country , it was still pretty fucked too . 
  i grew up in western romania , and the much of the shit you see in these pictures was happening here as well , not to mention almost everyone was involved in smuggling during the embargo on serbia , most of the filthy rich people in caras-severin county became filthy rich during that period . 
  it 's actually gold paint , sold under the brand `` aurolac '' , that 's how kids who sniff this stuff became known as `` aurolaci '' ( yes , they exist even today , however in smaller numbers ) . 
  [ yup ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov7pemrm1ey ), 
  it was pretty much fights like [ this one ] ( http://www.220.ro/video-news/bataie-intre-tigani-cu-bate/leax5suuaz/ ) , although i think this particular one was filmed in slovakia/hungary/balkans, 
  i do n't know where you grew up , but i remember old gray buildings , ugly ads , scammers and crooks everywhere , tec ~ ~ poison ~ ~ juice , gypsy wars , no law enforcement , people protesting and blocking the streets , overcrowded busses and trams and even a decomposing horse lying in a river bed for almost a fucking week . 
  edit : spelling . 
  expecting logic to find logic in a brainwashed putin supporter 's head is like expecting to find gold in a septic tank . 
  education does n't help one bit , because , at the end of the day the farmer still has to choose - make more money or save the environment . 
  the vast majority will always choose the former , regardless of whether they studied 4 grades in school or have 3 ph.d. s. 
  most of the people who live in illegal settlements are either religious nutjobs or people so cheap that they are willing to live in a hostile environment in exchange for cheaper housing prices . 
  big deal , this thing goes both ways , i know quite a few jews who have emigrated to israel and then returned to romania or moved to other countries in europe or the us/canada . 
  they go there , they realize it 's not what they thought it would be , then return to their countries of origin or move on to other countries . 
  my point is that the gypsies with normal jobs and families are rare specimens , more rare than the ones with mansions and expensive cars . 
  i do n't drink very often , but when i do , i drink like a fuckin ' russian . 
  i do n't play around with beer and wine , i go straight for the hard stuff . 
   roma = mercedes that 's so 2000s , now mercedes ( also bmws and audis ) are for low level gypsy criminals , the big shots hang out in porsches , ferraris and lambos . 
  [ here 's some proof if you want it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfhyiyh8qe ), 
  and i 'm sure these guys with the mansions have ph.d. 's too / s, 
  i know , i was being sarcastic . 
  i wonder if this guy is going to be remembered like some sort of romanian shakespeare a couple hundred years from now . 
  i 'm not insecure , i 'm just saying this sounds to me like a waste of money , which it probably is . 
  women are already `` equal '' in europe , so what 's the point ? 
  if they want to fight for women 's rights they should fight for them in countries like saudi arabia . 
  sounds to me like a waste of taxpayers ' money to keep some feminazi ngos happy . 
  yeah , these kinds of mansions have sprung up like mushrooms in the last 10-15 years . 
  fortunately for us , they are only inhabited like two-three weeks every year , in august , when they have their flashy weddings . 
  whenever they come , half of the police force has to be out on the streets and their neighbors are basically fucked . 
  austria almost can into eastern europe . 
  gib some money pls . 
  you mean like [ these guys ] ( https://youtu.be/izonhiw5jya ) ? 
  i do n't see them getting shot ... 
  still , i do n't understand why they felt to add the `` and women '' part . 
  you would think it 's obvious that a health ministry deals with women as well . 
  i also find it funny that germany has a ministry for `` family , seniors , women and youth '' , which sounds like a '' ministry for everybody except single , middle aged wankers '' . 
  if anything , all of these recent attacks have proven that mass surveillance ** does n't work ** . 
  in pretty much all cases the terrorists `` were known '' to the intelligence services . 
  it obviously did n't help very much ... 
  why the hell does austria have a `` ministry for women healthcare '' ? 
   and risk unnecessary injury to the driver lol , who cares , he just ran over a cop and was refusing to comply . 
  if he would have gotten injured , it would have been his fault only . 
   or an officer a cop who ca n't break a car window without injuring himself should consider changing careers . 
   they tried to talk him out of the car yeah , by yelling and also cursing like peasants for half an hour , making sure to wake up the entire neighborhood in the process . 
  some people probably had to work the next day , you know ? 
   and when that did n't work fired three warning shots yeah , because firing live ammo in an urban area is always a good idea . 
  contrary to popular belief , falling bullets can and do kill , not to mention the risc to helicopters or small planes . 
   this was not an isolated incident . 
  celebratory gunfire has wounded hundreds and killed dozens in recent years in the us alone .
