  except that , most such cases are rather ambiguous . 
  the man is rarely sober and does not intend to rape , just have sex . 
  the woman , because she is so drunk and ca n't take proper decisions , also goes along with it . 
  the problem is in the morning , when she wakes up naked next to a stranger , has 10 missed calls from her boyfriend or dad and is feeling guilt and wants to go to the cops and say it was rape . 
  and then it 's simply the word of the man against the word of the woman , and the man typically loses by default , because there 's no such thing as presumption of innocence in rape cases . 
  and again , in romania this very serious issue is n't being at all , except for the very trivial visa issue . 
  while in austria you see stickers like [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4gcfyhr.jpg ) everywhere , in romania most people have no idea what the hell ceta is . 
  erdogan seems to have some shitty advisers . 
   to ruin or lose their lives even under conditions like rape or health risks . 
  it 's not like they ca n't go to a neighboring country to have an abortion if it 's that serious . 
  well , if you are so afraid of such a parasite , there is a perfectly fail proof way to avoid it , it 's called abstinence . 
  condoms only mitigate the risk , but abstinence eliminates it . 
  you like the dick so much , you take the risk . 
  no risk , no fun . 
   so it 's a parasite ? 
  oh good !, 
  then you can just have it removed like any other parasite  yup , it will remove itself after nine months , no problem . 
  well , i brought those issues because they still relate to the larger topic which is gender differences . 
  strictly relating to abortion , i agree that the woman should be the one deciding to have an abortion or not , but if she decides not to , then the man should n't be forced to pay child support . 
  if she does decide to have an abortion , maybe the man should be forced to pay half of the costs , or even the entire cost , but that should be it . 
  i do n't agree with being forced to long term commitments just because you had sex with the wrong person at the wrong time . 
   about the rape cases - i think what you described can happen , on the other hand , women 's rape accusations are often met with `` well what did you think , going out late alone , wearing skinny jeans/a skirt - you were basically asking for it '' . 
  both genders can face serious discrimination/prejudices when trying to report a rape . 
  while i do n't want to generalize , i think there are indeed cases when the woman is simply asking for it . 
  if you go out at night alone , dressed provocatively , and get drunk beyond the point where you can provide consent , that 's not just dumb behavior , it 's extremely dumb behavior . 
  while it was n't your decision to have sex with that person , it was definitely your decision to bring yourself in such an extremely vulnerable position . 
  however , in the end all of this is irrelevant , because while the woman might receive some critical remarks , the man is likely going to jail . 
   must be a post-communist thing . 
  i do n't think so . 
  in austria it 's even worse . 
  especially when you are in the first lane on a congested motorway with many exits , you slow down to look for the exit , and some asshole trucker comes up your ass and starts flashing and horning you like he just escaped from the psych ward until you either speed up or end up in the emergency lane . 
  i hate those people too , i was talking about romanian motorways , which , except for those around bucharest , usually have very light traffic . 
  just because i drive fast when i can , does n't mean i tailgate people and flash their asses . 
  i see many people like this , especially in hungary on the m5 and m1 motorways , with their bmws and audis and they annoy the hell out of me as well . 
  in austria it 's even worse , especially when you use waze , you know there 's a speed trap ahead and some idiot still gets up your ass and wants to drive like a maniac . 
   you could say it 's unfair , but that 's just how biology made it . 
  well , it 's not biology who ruins the man 's finances , it 's the law . 
  in the past , if you were dumb and had sex with a woman , you would most likely be forced to marry her , but in the current age , you can be forced to pay support to a child you do n't even get to see ( except when the woman allows you ) . 
  what 's even more fucked up , if say you marry a woman , she has sex with another guy , has a child with him , and at some point you do a paternity test and figure out it 's not your kid and file for divorce , it 's more than likely you will still have to pay alimony and child support . 
  again . 
  we 're not debating biology here , but the law . 
   yes , it is unfair , but if men want to avoid this , they can make sure to use condoms . 
  getting drunk and having an unprotected sex is not an excuse , that 's just dumb behaviour . 
  yes , it 's dumb behavior , but it is n't dumb behavior just on the part of the man . 
  the law is heavily biased as well . 
  if i have sex with a drunk woman and the next morning she regrets it and files a complaint for rape , i 'm likely going to jail ( does n't matter if i was drunk too or not ) , but , on the other hand , if i get drunk and a woman with whom i would not have sex while sober convinces me to have sex with her and the next morning i do the the same thing , the whole police department is going to laugh at me . 
  i agree that gulf countries have stone age mentality , however i do n't really see how this relates to this incident , rich people raping non-rich people is not something exclusive to the middle east , nor is it rare . 
  do n't forget dominique strauss-kahn was involved in a pretty much identical case . 
  when you 're rich , you have the feeling you can get away with pretty much everything , and unfortunately this holds true more often than not . 
  whether thanks to corrupt justice systems , an army of excellent lawyers , or both , rich people rarely get to see the inside of a jail cell . 
   it 's not the baby 's fault that you slept with a women without accepting that sex can sometimes lead to a baby . 
  i agree , but then , a baby is not a baby until it is actually born . 
  until then it 's just a fetus . 
  however , the man has no legal input on whether the baby is aborted or not . 
  if the man wants the baby , but then the woman decides to abort it - too bad . 
  if , on the other hand , the man does not want the baby , but the woman wants to keep it , too bad again , because the man will have to pay child support . 
  having sex is normally not a very well thought out decision , it 's not like you 're deciding on buying a house or having a child , you can get drunk at a party have sex with a woman , and from then on it 's only up to chance and the woman if there 's going to be a child or not , the matter is entirely out of control of the man 's hands . 
  yeah , i think the current laws are pretty stupid . 
  they talk about gender equality , but the laws ( and not just those regarding abortion ) are heavily biased in favor of the woman . 
  i also agree it 's the woman 's body and all that blah blah blah , but if she decides to keep the child , the man will be forced to pay child support , regardless of whether he wanted the child or not . 
  in romania it would be +50 km/h , regardless of road type , so you would still lose your license if you get caught driving 180 km/h on an empty motorway , which is pretty stupid imho . 
  i feel safer driving 150-160 km/h on a motorway , especially if there 's very light traffic , because if i drive 130 km/h i get bored and stop paying attention and not paying attention is more dangerous than driving fast . 
  i can only imagine how bad the situation must be in germany . 
  i just came back from visiting my family in austria and the situation there seems pretty bad . 
  my uncle lives in one of the nicest areas in vienna , there were no burglaries there for 15 years , but in the past year there were 2 burglaries just on his street and he even caught a migrant in his backyard just as he was coming home from work . 
  he said he never considered voting for the fpo before , but now he will vote for hofer and also for the fpo at the next parliamentary election . 
  in romania we have zacusc\u0103 , i think it 's similar to ajvar , i absolutely love this shit . 
  visa refusals are completely subjective , so let 's not pretend it is a legitimate reason . 
  the ceta deal is between canada and the eu , romania is a member of the eu with veto rights , things should be simple - no visa waiver , no ceta . 
  i 'm against ceta anyway , i do n't care about canadian visas either , so i 'd be happy to see this deal collapse . 
  so i go to austria for a few days and all hell breaks loose at home . 
  when i 'm at my vacation home for example , i do n't have wired internet there . 
  lol , how do you even stream music or video on your phone with 500mb ? 
  imho even 30gb is too restrictive , you put your phone into hotspot mode , download a torrent with the latest season of your favorite tv show in 1080p and that 's it , they 're gone . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in romania , for $ 6 per month , you get : - unlimited calls to any romanian phone , regardless of carrier ; - unlimited international calls to landlines and 3000 minutes for international calls to mobile phones ; - 30gb of 4g traffic at 150mbps or 10gb 3g traffic at 21.6 mbps . 
  i think you posted in the wrong sub . 
  the census is complete bullshit , i told the stupid bitch which came to my house i was an atheist and she wrote me down as christian orthodox . 
  it was never legit . 
  there are 3 % italians in my city , there 's simply no way there are almost as many italians as there are gypsies . 
  the are probably only a handful of villages in romania that do n't have any gypsies and absolutely no city . 
  gypsies are at least 10 % , if not more . 
   `` for example , the fra 2012 study saw 19 % of respondents in romania state that they thought anti-lgbt assaults are widespread ( eu average 8 % ) i do n't give a shit what people think , this is even more unreliable that `` a friend of a friend heard '' type of situation . 
  bring hard statistics if you want to argue . 
   m.c. 
  and a.c. were attacked on the metro by a group of six people as they returned home from the 2006 bucharest pride march . 
  both of them were subjected to homophobic abuse and were punched and kicked . 
  and some gypsies had their houses burnt in 1993 and i 'm sure some jews were lynched in 1942 . 
  the fact that your source ( which is obviously more recent than 2012 ) has to point to a minor assault case from 2006 sort of proves my point . 
  there 's not much violent crime in romania and the media reports on the majority of it . 
  if there was hate crime , they would definitely not miss on the opportunity to make a huge deal out of it . 
  if you read again , you will see i mentioned violent ** hate ** crime . 
  it 's not that people never get assaulted or murdered , they do , for a variety of reasons , it 's just that they do n't randomly get assaulted on the street for looking differently or speaking a different language . 
   this happens where you live too no , what you are saying is bullshit , i do n't even remember when was the last time we had a violent hate crime here and with 10 % hungarians , 10 % gypsies and 10 % other minorities , romania is n't by far a homogenous country . 
   the uk buys germany 's products in large amounts . 
  that makes them important to the eu . 
  this argument is extremely retarded . 
  what , you think the uk is going to stop buying german products if they do n't get a special deal ? 
  and replace them with what , cheap chinese shit ? 
  not to mention china is n't going to give britain any special favors either . 
  russia also imports a lot of european stuff ( despite their propaganda bullshit ) , china as well .
