  chinese culture on the other hand is completely alien . 
  hope they got proper treatment in the party van after they were caught . 
  they need to understand that this shit does n't fly in romania . 
  i do n't know who or what op said , because the comment is deleted , but in the case of terrorists i definitely would volunteer to be an executioner . 
  tbh , i did n't knew there was a flag for that , however , it still sucks that you have to use chrome flags to activate something that should work intuitively . 
  see , this is why i am absolutely disgusted by the lgbt propaganda . 
  whatever rights you give them , they 're never happy , always want more , just like feminist extremists . 
  they want special protection for the law , maybe in the future even some compensation , you know for the decades or centuries when homosexuality was illegal . 
  by lgbt propaganda , i obviously mean lgbt activists , not lgbt people in general . 
  i do n't think the main problem are loggers who simply cut trees without authorization , those should be relatively easy to catch , the real problem are those with authorizations obtained from corrupt local authorities or those with legit authorizations that are supposed to reforest after they cut down trees but do n't . 
  i agree , being a web developer and also running several websites myself , i would love if ad-blockers were n't necessary , but they are . 
  in the past ads were still annoying but tolerable , until 2011-2012 you could still get by without an ad blocker , but it kept getting worse and worse . 
  it 's simply like the email spammers from the 2000s made enough money to start their own ad networks in the 2010s . 
  in chrome you have to right click , then mute tab , in safari you just have to click the sound icon on that tab to mute it . 
  a lot of things should be changed , at least in the romanian education system . 
  i mean , i look at my former high school classmates , last year we had our 5 year reunion , one girl who was all straight 10s ( 10 being the highest grade in the romanian school system ) now has a boring office job which makes $ 600 per month , while a guy who was basically considered a hopeless failure by most teachers started a camgirl studio and makes $ 20,000 per month . 
  that 's probably more money than all the teachers at my former high school combined make in a month . 
  i know most people will use the classic excuse `` but that 's business , he got lucky blah , blah '' , but imo there 's no such thing as luck in business and if someone who is a total failure in school can make that much money and someone who has only great grades and is the pride of that school can only make $ 600 , there 's something definitely wrong with the system . 
  after all , the main thing that school should provide people with is education that can actually benefit you and help you lead a successful life , not just education for the sake of education . 
   always ready to receive eu money but never ready to be tolerant or accept refugees . 
  show me one article where a romanian government official says romania does n't want any refugees . 
   in my opinion it should be treated the same as a medical reason . 
  lol , no . 
  there 's a big difference between not being able to do something due to medical reasons and not wanting to do something because some retarded book , or preacher or parent told you it 's not ok to do it . 
  we people live in a social environment and there are rules for a reason . 
  if you come to my home and i ask you to take your shoes off , you fucking take your shoes off , i do n't care if at your own home you keep them on . 
  if migrants would apply the same principle when moving to a different country , there would n't be nearly as many people hostile towards immigration . 
  i think it 's stupid that courts have to rule on common sense issues . 
  i think there should be a clear rule that the law comes before any sort of religious beliefs . 
  like that stupid religion which prevents people from having their blood drawn , i mean the law says it pretty clearly ( in romania , at least ) , if you are caught drink driving , you must have blood samples collected , otherwise you are going to jail . 
  there should be no exceptions . 
  it 's really simple , as time goes by , people tend to forget the shitty experiences and just remember the good ones . 
  since being old is almost universally shitty , regardless of how the general state of affairs is like , people end up turning their brains off and making comparisons like `` back then i was living the life , now it 's shit , so the old regime must 've been better than the current one '' . 
  i just look at my grandma , back in the commie times she was lucky to eat some meat once a week , had 2 hours of tv every day , half of which was about ceausescu . 
  now she can eat whatever she wants , has a huge ass smart tv and internet , yet she still thinks life was better back then . 
  funny enough i heard the exact same shit said about elie wiesel from one guy who is into conspiracy bullshit and a trump fanboy . 
  well , i do n't know , but it 's starting to seem like arafat is a corrupt asshole after all , it 's just that people are now afraid to touch him because of the reputation he built around smurd . 
  but i think all it would take is just another smurd related disaster for him to get the boot . 
  police has a very negative reputation in romania and this guy basically started posting some funny stories from his police life , as well as expose the corruption and incompetence of some of his bosses , which made him go viral . 
  he is now seen as a personification of how the romanian policeman should be like : honest , fair and able to think for himself ( most romanian cops are dumb fucks who do whatever their bosses tell them to and are afraid to criticize them openly ) . 
  our immigrants are mostly moldovans , who already speak romanian , so they do n't need much integration , chinese workers who normally mind their own business and very rarely cause any problems and arab students with deep pockets.among things like corruption , excessive bureaucracy , incompetence in the public sector , tax evasion , poverty , infrastructure problems , minority issues etc. 
  i doubt immigration would even make it on a list of top 20 problems in romania . 
  it really depends on the cat . 
  also , cats tend to leave their odour all over the place and rodents recognize that shit and tend to stay away . 
  it 's not what you think , i would say probably 80-90 % of rural households have cats , but not to cuddle with them , mostly used as pest control . 
  idk , in my experience , at least in romania , most people who are antisemitic have never had any contact with jews . 
  there 's this funny story about a former deputy from the greater romania party , which was the most antisemitic party in romania , he was convinced by a couple of jews to come to the synagogue , where he was very surprised to find out that not everyone had hooked noses and were n't discussing world domination . 
  he has since left the party and now goes to the synagogue every week . 
  the hatred stems from the fact there is a disproportionately large number of jews at the top of the food chain . 
  there are only around 20 million jews in the entire world , but you usually do n't have to look very hard to find jewish names in a list of a country 's wealthiest people . 
  jews in general also tend to have above average incomes . 
  from this starting points , it 's easy for people to start believing certain conspiracy theories , like `` all jews are wealthy '' , `` jews control the world 's finances and their activities are harmful to the economy '' , `` jews help themselves at the expense of everyone else '' and so on . 
  it 's mostly bullshit , not all jews are wealthy , not all are greedy and there are tons of non-jewish wealthy people who are greedy as fuck and have no problem screwing other people over . 
  sure , no problem . 
  in my personal opinion , as someone who goes to austria once or twice every year , the place has changed a lot in the last decade , and not in a good way . 
  ten years ago most roads were in great condition , everything was clean and tidy , you did n't see any litter , very few panhandlers etc. 
  in 2016 , many roads are fucked up , roadworks everywhere , dog shit everywhere ( at least in vienna ) and panhandlers in busy intersections , just like in romania . 
  also , the subway station next to the iconic stephansdom is absolutely disgusting and smells strongly of piss ( although i do n't know if it 's because of migrants or just local drug addicts ) . 
  since i 'm not from austria , i do n't know how most people feel about it , the only person i know who voted for hofer is my uncle , and he 's mostly `` meh '' about it . 
  he supported hofer primarily because of the crime issues , he lives in an upper-middle class area in vienna where they had virtually no crime until 1-2 years ago , in the past year 3 of his neighbors had their houses broken into and he even caught a migrant in his back yard as he was comming from work . 
  the police station is basically a block away from his house , but they do n't really give a shit , so that 's what 's really gotten to him . 
  how are these things even legal ? 
  ex-communists are not really a risk anymore , most are too old ( or dead ) to get back in power , the risk is from corrupt assholes like dragnea , ponta or tariceanu . 
  dragnea and tariceanu are particularly disgusting , probably because they get more attention lately , although ponta is not far behind them . 
  in any country with a directly elected president the margins are usually close ( except for fucked up countries like russia ) . 
  obviously the ones who voted for the winner are pleased and the one who voted for the loser are not . 
  just like with any election ever . 
  we do n't have to go through a vpn to get to a porn or torrent site . 
  our intelligence service does n't have a huge building next to where the internet cables enter the country in order to eavesdrop on all internet traffic . 
  we do n't have a `` snooper 's charter '' . 
  we do n't have radical muslims running around freely , nor do we jail people who criticize muslims on social media . 
  we do n't get super worked up when anyone says something bad about a specific minority , but we also do n't have idiots beating random immigrants on the streets . 
  the list can go on . 
  i 'm not angry , i 'm not the one living in a soon to be police state , you are . 
  i do n't think you 'd want to drive a rhd vehicle in the balkans anyway , unless you have balls of steel or something . 
  wow , easy there adolf . 
  yeah , i remember the last time i went outside the eu , i used like 70mb or something and my bill was so high , some guy from vodafone actually called me to tell me i should stop using the internet because i would have to pay an assload of money ( i ended up paying like $ 140 that month , compared to the normal $ 20 ) . 
  you got ta be fucking kidding me . 
  on my $ 20 per month mobile subscription i can go to any eu country , plus norway , switzerland and iceland and i have like 500 minutes and 500 mb for free , but if i go outside the eu , i have to pay an assload of money for each minute or mb i use . 
  if anything , the eu has had a very positive impact on my cellphone bill . 
  this fascist cunt is definitely the pm the uk deserves . 
  germans are actually viewed quite positively by romanians , the image is of hard working people who mind their own business . 
  they were never expelled from romania , ceausescu `` sold '' some of them to the west german government , but it was voluntary , so it was only for people who actually wanted to move to west germany . 
  after 1990 , most of them moved , but not because they were discriminated or anything , but because the german government gave them good incentives and also because romania was pretty shitty in general at the time , so everyone kind of wanted to move . 
  today , we still have a lot of german schools , but the students are mostly romanians . 
  i just checked orf and [ they say they counted 99.8 % ] ( http://orf.at/live/1701-van-der-bellen-gewinnt-die-wahl/ ) . 
  yeah , i do n't think most people voted for him because he was a green , they voted for him so that the other guy does n't win . 
  yeah , `` projections '' screwed up both in the case of brexit and trump . 
  i 'd say we wait until they count at least 95 % of the votes before we jump to conclusions . 
  also , considering this is austria , we also need to wait for the result to be validated in order to be completely certain . 
   i only hear good knews from your country atm !, 
  i do n't know what the good news are . 
  we have elections next sunday , and the sdp , the party with the most corrupted politicians will likely win by a huge margin , around 40 % . 
  even it 's leader was sentenced to one year probation for ** election fraud ** and somehow he is still head of the party and allowed to run , he even has dreams of becoming pm . 
  the thing is , international news are behind what is happening in romania . 
  yes , corrupt politicians are still being put in jail , but the establishment is fighting back , big time . 
  this is why the sunday elections are crucial and at this point it looks like it 's going in favor of the corrupt assholes . 
  the sdp and their alde friends are basically using the same populist tactics that trump and the pro-brexit camps have used , which are blatant lies , exaggerated promises and pushing conspiracy theory and this seems to be working so far . 
  thing is , people are fucking stupid , that 's why i personally do n't believe in democracy . 
  it 's a semi knockoff walther ppk because the commies were too stupid to come up with anything original .
