  merkel is more poisonous to the eu than le pen , wilders and farage combined . 
  nope . 
  member states can be suspended in certain cases , but not kicked out . 
  anyway , this is only possible if they break fundamental values , if they just veto everything , i do n't think anything could be done , legally speaking . 
   it would be economically beneficial for each individual member country to make the brexit as painless as possible , but then other countries will leave and there will be no eu and everyone will be worse off . 
  exactly . 
  the problem is that while the eu can survive a brexit , it can not survive a brexit , a nexit and frexit . 
  i see eurosceptics whining about how the eu is dragging their countries down , but in reality having the single market and being part of a huge trade bloc , makes conducting business much easier than being alone . 
  just as a huge supermarket chain can secure much better deals with producers than a bunch of small shops can , so can the eu secure much better deals than individual countries ever could . 
  while i agree that the eu has some very serious problems , dismantling it is not the answer , especially as most of these problems have originated from outside the eu , mainly the global financial meltdown and the so-called `` arab spring '' . 
  it was precisely the fault of the member states that the eu has been weakened , because instead of trying to find a common solution to a common problem , they acted like it was every man for himself . 
  it is this `` every man for himself '' mentality that we need to get rid of if we want to build anything that will be long lasting and beneficial to everyone in the end . 
  destroying stuff is easy , any idiot can do it , but building something , that is difficult and takes time . 
  do you want the eu parliament to have the first brawl in its history ? 
  i 'm not sure nigel would be able to walk out unscathed from that one , he could lose his other ball as well . 
  try telling your boss you decided to quit but will show up to work for a few more months so that you can finish paying your car loan or something ? 
  how do you think that would go , especially if your job involved some important decision making ? 
  of course the eu has every reason to make it hard for members who want to leave , people by nature are selfish and self centric , even inside countries , if you have a region that 's doing 10 % better than the rest , you will immediately have a bunch of people start whining about how the rest of the country is dragging them down and how they need to secede . 
  no country that encourages secessionist behavior can survive for long , let alone a complex union of states like the eu . 
  the worst thing the eu can do at this point is to serve the brits with a nice , custom tailored trade agreement , you 'll then see a bunch of other rich countries wanting to leave and then the whole thing would collapse , because not even germany would be willing to finance the whole thing alone . 
  the law is very vague about how article 50 should be invoked properly , and some lawyers have said even the result of the referendum could be considered as invoking article 50 . 
  it 's not certain this is what they 'll do , but i hope there are lots of eu employees working round the clock right now trying to find a way to eject the uk sooner , so that the eu can not be dragged any longer by british politicians . 
  the uk has voted to leave , it 's clear that beyond this point everything they will do will be against the eu common interest , thus they should not be allowed to take part in any eu decision from now on . 
  enjoy their faces while you still can , but i would suggest to also prepare your asshole with exercises and lots of lube , your country is about to get royally fucked in the coming months . 
  oh , you mean celebrate the victory of populism , demagoguery , xenophobia , petty nationalism and pure ignorance over reason and cooperation ? 
  a `` democratic '' decision that has already caused massive instability and uncertainty that we are still far away from being able to fully grasp ? 
  a decision that will likely have a negative impact on the lives of millions of brits and europeans ? 
  even if you do n't give a shit about all the eu citizens living in the uk who are about to have their assholes wrecked thanks to your `` democracy '' , you should at least think about your 2 million fellow countrymen living in europe who are also about to have their assholes wrecked . 
  i 'm sure they 're celebrating right now . 
  oh , and i did n't even mention all the brits working for companies which rely on access to single market , they 'll soon be jobless as well . 
  in theory , the eu could throw some bones here and there to satisfy at least a part of the leavers , but in practice , the main points of brexit were contributions to the eu budget and free movement of people/access to the job market and that is not up to negotiation as it is basically part of the foundation the eu was built on . 
  getting a norway/iceland type of deal is also not possible because that would also require contribution to the eu budget and free movement of people/access to the job market . 
  getting a custom tailored , switzerland type deal would be something that brexiters would accept , but yeah , not gon na happen , because the eu would be suicidal to accept that ( and even switzerland allows free movement , although it can impose restrictions in certain conditions ) . 
  so the way it looks , britain will probably getting a really shitty deal , at best something like serbia or moldova has , unless the brexiters are willing to backtrack on those two main issues . 
  that 's true , but the idea is that spain does n't want catalonia to become independent in the first place , so they are afraid that if they allow scotland to join it might encourage catalonia to secede . 
  actually , if you think about it , you can see some reason in leave supporters , the eu can really be a giant clusterfuck at times , i really hope we will get a real federation at some point . 
   and what kind of a `` reform '' these incompetent fools would be capable of coming with ? 
  let me guess , giving even more power to themselfs so they can fail in more fields ? 
  it will obviously have to be a reform that all 27 member states can agree on . 
   and they 'll rather abstaun from votes in ep ** unless that would damage them . 
  ** well according to the british , everything the eu does damages them . 
   the reaction of eu is purely emotional and just childish . 
  oh , for fuck sake , you 're talking like it was the eu who decided to take its toys and leave . 
  no , the british leave vote was emotional and childish , i expect nothing less than for them to suffer the consequences they have brought upon themselves . 
  the eu should not give them any special deal , they should not have more access to the common market than burkina-faso does . 
  that 's simply not realistic , i do n't think even iceland or norway could join in two years if they wanted to , let alone a newly independent country like scotland would be . 
  they would first have to transition from being a part of the uk to an independent state , prove that it can maintain a stable economy and only then join the eu . 
  i think this would take at least 4-5 years in a very optimistic scenario , probably 7-8 in a realistic scenario and all this assuming spain does n't engage butthurt mode ( which it probably would ) , in which case it could take decades . 
   so what was the plan of eu for secession of uk ? 
  unfortunately , the eu has no power over this , because it 's up to the uk to decide when it wants to trigger article 50 as there 's no procedure to just kick them out . 
   as for now i see only a bunch of childish arrogants offended that someone does n't want to play with them anymore , so they 're going to take the toys , spit on the brits and kick them out of sandbox asap ... 
  the uk right now is pure poison for the eu , because nothing can move forward until leave as any eu reforms would still require britain to participate as it is still officially a member of the eu . 
  the uk right now is in a position to do a lot of damage to the eu on its way out , so this is not `` some childish offended arrogants '' , it is in the eu 's legitimate interest that the uk gets the fuck out already . 
  cameron 's initial plan of triggering article 50 next week was the best thing that could happen , unfortunately it now looks likely this is going to drag on for a long time , which is in nobody 's interest . 
  yeah , any new eu reform would still require the involvement of the uk before it gtfo , so it ca n't move forward until the uk leaves because the uk government , especially an eurosceptic government , would be very keen to blackmail it . 
  what will most likely happen is that boris and farage will see their dream come true , turning the uk into a giant version of the cayman islands , making london a paradise for all the super-rich to hide their money in . 
  scotland and ni will most likely leave the union , all this leaving you , the majority of the twats who voted leave with nothing more than a giant horse dick to suck on . 
  and yeah , you 'll lose your pensions as well , ca n't cut taxes without cutting welfare , you know ... 
  nope , does n't work that way . 
  if scotland becomes independent it wo n't be considered a part of the eu and would have to go through accession procedures just like every other country that joined the eu . 
  glad to see juncker saying something competent for a change . 
  the eu needs to move forward and work towards a better future , it ca n't afford to turn brexit into another constant problem on the agenda , like greece or the migrants . 
  the uk dragging on the inevitable is the most poisonous thing that could happen . 
  oh , do n't worry , britain will continue to blame the eu for at least another decade . 
  the brexiters are already talking about not being `` in a hurry to leave '' . 
  they will try to prolong the negotiations as much as they possibly can , blaming the eu at every step of the process . 
  their hate wo n't end here , farage in particular does n't just want to have britain leave the , he wants to destroy the eu itself , and he knows that being inside the eu he can be far more poisonous than outside of it . 
   yeah , let 's pretend britain had no problems resulting from eu membership . 
  let 's pretend instead that all of britain 's problems are her own doing and all she does is blame others . 
  no , it 's not pretending , it 's precisely what is happening . 
   because they are probably not as prepared as we are lead to believe . 
  yeah , they are n't . 
  i think they will prolong the negotiations for as long as they can , in the meantime doing what they know best , which is blaming the eu for everything in order to score political points . 
  i 'm afraid this will be even more poisonous to the eu than britain just leaving already , even juncker knows this , that 's why he called for the uk to gtfo asap . 
  my theory is that they did n't expect leave to win . 
  they just hoped to score political points , while continuing to whine about evil eu bureaucrats . 
  actually leaving the eu was plan b. 
  the problem is that it is now becoming more and more apparent they did n't even have a plan b , so that 's why their trying to prolong the thing as much as possible . 
  i think their strategy from now on will be to make negotiations as long as possible , they 'll say they ca n't trigger article 50 before they will be sure to get a good deal for britain and continue to do what they know best , which is to blame the eu for everything . 
  unfortunately , they still have the upper hand in this , because it 's up to the uk to trigger article 50 , the eu ca n't just expel them . 
  i think brexit will have a major impact on jobs , but especially on middle class jobs . 
  many eastern eu immigrants will probably go home , so all those blue collar jobs will need replacements , and then those companies will have to choose between some entitled brit who wants to work a maximum of 8 hours per day , for # 15 an hour , with lots of benefits or some illegal migrant from africa who is willing to work 15 hours a day for # 4 an hour , with no rights whatsoever . 
  sure , they would get fined if caught , but the temptation will just be too high , making the incentive for the calais jungle to move to britain that much higher . 
  true , although we should have seen it coming . 
  i do n't know who is to blame , but british tabloids carrying out a campaign of hate against eastern europeans for over a decade now , ukip being the tabloid of british politics and the constant scapegoating of the eu by the british government have all played a role . 
  but , in the end , i think cameron 's incompetence was the decisive reason . 
  i never liked the guy , he never cared about the uk and eu , all he ever cared about was his own political career , that 's why he held this referendum in the first place , to score political points . 
  now he has shot himself in the foot and i sincerely hope his political career will soon be finished for good . 
  brexit also used to be considered far-fetched . 
  yeah , and ? 
  the uk voted to leave the eu , not the us , so of course the us does n't give a fuck , because the impact there is minimal . 
  how did you think the eu would respond after being demonized and the fuck-eu campaign winning ? 
  you wanted it to get on its knees and suck boris ' dick ? 
  the uk backstabbed the eu with a popular vote , the eu would be extremely dumb to give them any good deal now , so the uk better prepare its asshole with a bunch of lube , the negotiations are going to be a complete shitshow and one of the largest dick measuring contests in history . 
  i do n't think spain would threaten gibraltar militarily , but they could still close the border , it would be disastrous for the gibraltar economy . 
  demagogues demanding populist referendums , who would have thought ? 
  they would have said the same thing even if remain had win . 
  if they actually cared about their countries , they would have said to wait and see how everything would play out with the uk , but they are only power hungry twats who want to get elected and run their countries like putin or erdogan . 
  they know brexit likely wo n't play out so well , so it 's best for them to have such a referendum asap , before the harsh reality would crash on britain , thus making any other exit highly unappealing . 
   literally none of this is happening .
