  with it 's current military , moldova would n't be able to retake transnistria even if the russians left and gave moldova a green light to do whatever it wants with transnistria . 
   the red part is transnistria , which is n't much more dangerous , but apparently intervention on your behalf by your country is rather ineffective there . 
  they 're also pretty racist . 
  transnistria is in fact more dangerous than moldova , it 's run by mobsters and you can get robbed at gun point there and no one will give a fuck . 
  when mps start physical fights , you know the country has reached a really low point . 
  i saw this shit happening several times in ukraine and moldova . 
  luckily , i do n't think we 've ever reached such a low point yet , it could have happened back in the 90s , but i 'm too young to know . 
  i thought we were doing much , much worse . 
  i 'm just quoting the mayor of cologne . 
  sure you are , as long as you keep an arm 's length from men if you are woman though . 
  hmm , let 's see : - the fact that there were more terrorist attacks in europe in the last couple of years than there were in the entire previous decade ? 
  - the fact that we are incapable of controlling our borders and we have thousands of undocumented migrants , among them rapists and terrorists , just pouring in ? 
  - the fact that russia is winning the propaganda war and we 're having a bunch of extremist parties , close to and sponsored by russia ? 
  as if europe is in any better shape ... 
  yeah , because angela merkel has been an example of leadership , competence and serving the interests of her country / s. 
  she screwed up with ukraine , screwed up with greece , screwed up with the migrants , screwed up with the uk , screwed up with everything basically . 
  you need to understand that she is the most powerful person on this continent and all the fuck-ups are at least partly her fault . 
  i did n't watch the inauguration , what exactly are you talking about ? 
  in romania we also have the leaders from the main religions ( orthodox , catholic and a couple others i believe ) take part at the presidential inauguration ceremony . 
  this is bs . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the police either , especially the romanian police , but if some officer came to me and asked for my name , i 'd just tell him my name and not be an asshole about it , after all , if he 's not trying to search me , my car , enter my house or some other crap , it 's simply not worth getting shot , tasered , sprayed , beat up , arrested or whatever . 
  in romanian , yes , but i was talking about english . 
  ch could be as in * chair * or as in * character * . 
  idk , in romanian it was always called cehia , ever since 1992 . 
  so do you pronounce the last part like `` kia '' or `` chia '' ? 
   andrei anti , a 30 year old man from iasi county has been charged by dna prosecutors for illegally changing the destination of the eu funds he received . 
  more precisely , out of the $ 24,000 he received to finance a cattle farm , a third was used to pay a debt to an acquaintance . 
  he gambled the rest of the money at slot machines , and from what was left , he built a cowshed - which , however , was n't included in the documentation . 
  i think those are percentages . 
  we do n't , gandon is the nickname moldovans use for dodon , so we kind of figured out what it meant . 
  btw , [ this is how you make a president in moldova ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ii0jbg4.gif ), 
  [ my opinion about this situation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ztdk2l2.jpg ), 
  well , this was bound to happen at some point , you do n't just take a bunch of very rich and powerful people and throw them in jail and expect them not to fight back . 
  after they 've stolen pretty much everything of value in this country , you can be sure they have the resources to put up a fight against the justice system , after all , they control the media , a large part of the public institutions , while the dna has only the eu to back it up , but an eu that is increasingly divided and incapable of solving anything . 
  roll back in an understatement , they want to release all the crooks from prison . 
  i actually find it as a funny coincidence that dodon is from sadova , which is the same name as the ( not sure if fictional or not ) village where vacan\u021ba mare took place . 
  i agree the psd are retarded , but they are n't that retarded . 
  of course they want and need economic growth in order to enrich themselves and their friends in the private sector . 
  the psd wo n't try to fuck with economic growth , what they 'll fuck with will be how state funds are spent , i.e. 
  spending double or triple on a road than what it would actually cost if there was no corruption involved . 
  also mercedes , suzuki and opel . 
  not familiar with suzuki cars , but can confirm mercedes and opel are also better than renault . 
  well , the point was n't for you to see it , most british people do n't care much about what happens in romania anyway . 
  the point was so these articles would get quoted by romanian press , who would be like `` see , even the british say the dna is bad '' . 
  luckily , british press does n't have nearly as much credibility in romania as it used to , especially after sky news aired that bullshit `` report '' about arms dealing in romania . 
  yeah , sure mate , whatever you say . 
  hungary exports around $ 85 billion of stuff , while romania only exports ~ $ 53 billion , despite hungary having half the population of romania . 
  unlike us , the hungarians also actually export more stuff than they import . 
  in other news , have you ever been to hungary recently and seen how their cities , towns , villages and motorways look like ? 
  and by motorways , i do n't mean just the fact that they have more motorways , but how they look like and the utilities they have . 
  in hungary , you can drive all the way from the romanian border to the austrian one without seeing any car randomly stopped on the emergency lane . 
  in romania , just from timisoara to lugoj , i saw two cars and 3 trucks randomly stopped on the emergency lane , with no one bothering them . 
  one of the cars , a brand new passat ( i mention this so you know it 's very implausible it had broken down ) was stopped just 800m from a parking area . 
  speaking of parking areas , on hungarian motorways you get parking areas with hotels , restaurants , whores , whatever your dick pleases , while in romania you get a crappy toilet with signs saying not to throw toilet paper inside the toilet , which are redundant , because there 's never any toilet paper there anyway . 
  they 're at least a decade ahead of romania , at least a decade . 
  constantly walking away is what got romania in the situation in which it is today . 
  when parties all over europe , especially britain , but also france , the netherlands used romanian immigration in election campaigns , we walked away , when we got unfairly blamed for the horse meat scandal , we walked away , when pro-brexit campaigners paid gypsies to panhandle in high visibility areas we walked away , when germany and the netherlands started using bullshit excuses to block us from schengen we walked away , when orban started ** coming to romania to make anti-romanian propaganda ** we walked away yet again . 
  this is what we get now for always walking away , even moldova , the fucking hobos of europe , to whom we gave hundreds of millions of euros , thousands of scholarships , hundreds of thousands of citizenships so that they do n't rot away in their own shit and this is how they thank us . 
  we should be done walking away by now , it 's clearly not getting us anywhere . 
  if i respect donald trump for anything , it 's the fact that he does n't just walk away when he is attacked or when people fuck him behind he 's back . 
  he 's right about the fact that if you allow just one person to treat you like a schmuck , soon enough everyone will start treating you like that , because they know they can get away with it . 
  no , the pro-russians would learn a lesson then . 
  the only reason dodon has the guts to insult romania is because he knows it 's run by schmucks who wo n't do anything . 
  if romania had real leaders , like hungary does , he would n't dare open his stinky mouth . 
  iirc ukraine was digging a ditch around transnistria a couple of years ago . 
  what happened to that ? 
  regarding the smuggling between moldova and romania , it 's mostly cigarettes , smuggled by people crossing the border at the checkpoints . 
  if it was closed , it would be pretty difficult to smuggle by swimming in the prut river , especially as romania has a ton of modern boats and drones and shit purchased with eu money from the time we were supposed to join schengen . 
  in any case , even if the border could never be sealed completely , if you close the official crossing points , it would still fuck them up bad enough , so that they will regret voting for dodon . 
  if i was pm of romania , i would set up a meeting with the pm of ukraine to discuss closing the moldovan border for a month or so , just to remind this dumbass and the retards who voted for him that they 're fucking with the wrong people . 
  but of course , since the new romanian government is hard at work trying to get the corrupt crooks out of prison , this is n't going to happen . 
  they 're so busy with getting the crooks out , i do n't think they have even issued an official reaction to what this cocksucker said . 
  the president is pro-russian , but moldova is a parliamentary republic , so the parliament and government is where the real power is . 
  the parliament and government are currently pro-eu , so what he 's saying is that if his party of russian cocksuckers get majority in the parliament at the next election , he will then cancel the eu association agreement and start negotiations on joining the eurasian union or whatever it 's called ( basically an organization of russia satellite states ) . 
  however , his party , even though is the largest single party in the moldovan parliament at around 23 % , has next to no chance of getting any sort of majority , as all other relevant parties hate their guts and would make any sort of unnatural coalitions just to exclude the socialists from government . 
  for example , even the communist party , which is anti-eu , would rather support the pro-eu parties than support the socialists . 
  i doubt they 'll be able to . 
  the last time moldova was run by pro-russians , from 2001 to 2009 , they were mild pro-russians , in the way that they supported moldovenism and other nonsense soviet legacy , but they did n't quite take putin 's dick in their mouth . 
  but then , the hardcore pro-russians split from the communist party and created their own party , the `` party of socialists '' , led by this guy , dodon , who went on regular trips to moscow to choke on putin 's dick . 
  the party of socialists is currently the largest party in the moldovan parliament , at around 23 % iirc . 
  if they will grab power , it 's going to be horrible as they plan to implement some serious changes which will be pretty much impossible to revert , like federalizing the country , giving transnistria the right to veto moldova 's participation in international agreements . 
  the chance of transnistria ever electing a pro-western government is next to zero , so this would be something that would affect moldova for decades . 
  moldova is a failed state , of course there is a reasonable chance of becoming a satellite state of russia . 
  their main problem is that the population is split in roughly half in the pro-west and pro-russia camps . 
  in the last 7 years or so , moldova has been run by so-called pro-eu governments , however , they managed to get themselves into so many corruption scandals that even the eu is reluctant to support them anymore . 
  this is why the pro-russia camp is having a resurgence now and are doing whatever they can to solidify their position . 
  the plan of the pro-russian socialist party is to federalize moldova between moldova , transnistria and gagauzia , esentially turning it into a more fucked up version of belgium . 
  transnistria and gagauzia are made up of 99 % pro-russians , so if moldova became federalized , it would never be able to join the eu , nato or anything else , because transnistria and gagauzia would have the right to veto membership into any international organization and you can be certain they would happily use that right in relation to the eu , nato and any western organization , esentially leaving moldova with no other choice than to become a puppet state of russia . 
  looking at your account , ctrl + f `` russia '' , 88 matches just on the first page . 
  putin must be paying you really well , now gtfo please , no one cares about your cheap propaganda . 
  yeah , but i do n't think it 's just the politicians , i think society in general , especially the police is also to blame . 
  i remember several years ago , before the migrant crisis , there were our gypsies scamming people and picking pockets almost with impunity , the police would n't do anything about it . 
  ironically , the police was always very quick to fine you for small things like driving 10 km over the speed limit , parking violations , noise violations and god help you if you were a clueless foreigner who misplaced a toll sticker on the windshield . 
  but whenever it came to more serious crimes , the austrian police was never around . 
  of course that now , when faced with a much bigger crime wave , they have absolutely no idea what they 're supposed to do and people are pissed about it . 
  since everybody wants to annex something , can we annex hungary just for the lulz ? 
  plz ... 
  is this good enough ? 
  and this is just the foreplay , wait to see when the thing actually happens . 
   get used to it kid , america is about to dominate the planet for a long long time to come .
