  it 's very funny , because russian is n't even an official language in ukraine , ukrainian nationalists are basically refusing to acknowledge reality . 
  even in kiev ( or kyiv , whatever you like to call it ) , russian is still the dominant language . 
  yanukovych did n't even speak ukrainian and nobody noticed . 
  the only reason poland does n't make any territorial demands from ukraine is because they know the germans would come knocking if they did that . 
   the screens are bound to be damaged in less developed countries yeah , because vandalism is exclusive to `` less developed countries '' . 
  the only difference is that in richer countries , public property gets replaced faster than in poorer countries . 
  other than that , vandalism rates are not tied to economic development . 
  stupid teenagers and angry drunk people can be found everywhere . 
   my god , the delusions of brexiteers is astounding . 
  brexit supporters are refusing to acknowledge reality and are dumb as well . 
  why would you expect their leaders to be any different ? 
  they consistently deny brexit will have any serious economic effect , when they are provided with evidence to the contrary , they either deny it outright or shrug it off as short term . 
  at the same time , when the eu reminds them they wo n't have the same rights outside the union that they used to have inside it , they cry evil empire . 
  they are so severely limited from an intellectual point of view , that they believe the uk should get whatever it wants from the eu , while the eu should have no power to object to any british demands . 
  i even saw some guy here on reddit writing that the eu should have the swiss negotiate on its behalf , it has literally reached that level of retardation . 
  berlin is probably the last place they would go . 
  if they do come to germany , chances are they would go to frankfurt . 
  no , it had just stayed the same . 
  same corruption , same blatant disgregard for the lives of non-elite people . 
  you just take your shit and move . 
  why would he pick this exact same day , though ? 
  as for why he did n't pick a government building + socialist summer camp , maybe he/they did n't have the resources for that , so he decided to shoot random people at the mall , knowing it would have a huge impact anyway . 
  it 's not gory , you just see him shooting at people . 
  still unpleasant though . 
  let 's first hope he gets shot before he kills anymore people . 
  5 years since the attacks in norway , shooter is apparently german ... i 'd say breivik copycat . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  tbh , when i went to london , my first impression was that it 's overpopulated as fuck . 
  not presumably , certainly . 
  hope he comes to romania , people love him here . 
  both romania and bulgaria would have been admitted into schengen if we joined the eu in 2004 . 
  we joined in 2007 instead , right before the financial crisis and when western euro countries realized they 've been burned by immigrants from the 2004 countries . 
  by 2011 , when we were supposed to join , the shit had already hit the fan . 
  first it was france which blocked us , because romania choose a canadian company to upgrade the cernavoda nuclear plant instead of a french one ( which made perfect sense , because the original reactors were built with canadian technology and building the other two with french tech would have given us unnecessary headaches and costs ) , then it was the germans , who did it for god knows what reasons and the dutch , who did it for political reasons . 
  then the migrant crisis came and no one wanted romania and bulgaria to join schengen , not even romania and bulgaria themselves . 
   and then horrifyingly farage would be pm but farage being pm would be more entertaining than brexit itself . 
  sure , it would suck for a few years for people who live in britain , but he 'd be out at the next election . 
  however , the amount of youtube videos he would leave behind would be priceless , free entertainment for generations to come . 
  [ the eu , in a nutshell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbbynqzgj8o ), 
  theresa may is a fascist cunt , i do n't understand why you would trust her government with anything that would have to do with human rights . 
  do n't forget the snoopers ' charter was her brainchild , not to mention the problem she has porn and civil rights in general . 
  it temporary just like the state of emergency in israel , since 1948 , gets renewed every single year . 
  i hope you 're talking just about france , because europe has produced a lot of inventive tech companies . 
  the us is very much threatened by russia ( and china ) , only not directly . 
  the us + canada + europe + japan + south korea + israel is by far the most powerful group of countries in the world and it 's extremely important for the us to keep them all on its side both militarily and economically . 
  if these countries start to gravitate away from the us , on the long term the us will be fucked from many points of view . 
  the us 's power is already declining , the last thing they need is to start losing allies . 
  now , if we speak about western europe , their interests are different , because they know they 're not the alpha male in the relationship ( the us is ) . 
  what are you smoking , seriously need to try some of that shit . 
   even genital piercings done consensually on adult women to be recorded in the states . 
  why the hell would you do that though ? 
  it 's disgusting and very slutty . 
  if i saw a pierced vagina , my first thought would be `` do n't put your dick in crazy '' . 
   and many of our western european allies have been exploiting the shit our of that situation . 
  they 're not exploiting it , they just think it 's extremely unlikely someone would attack them . 
  they do n't have the bad history with russia that eastern europe has , nor is russia acting as aggressive towards them as it is acting towards eastern european countries . 
  in short , they 're acting like this not because they trust the us to protect them no matter what , they 're acting like this because they are anti-war hippies who believe they can fight russian t-90s by throwing tulips at them . 
   do you support the creation of an eu army ? 
  ( yes/no is enough ) yes . 
   would you join it voluntarily ? 
  if the was under attack from a foreign enemy , yes ,  would you support a draft ? 
  see previous answer . 
   would you sacrifice a year of two in basic training if mandatory ? 
  4 . b would you support mandatory basic training of an year or two ? 
  yes , but on the condition that it 's proper training , not bullshit like it was in romania until compulsory service was dropped . 
  i 'm talking about focusing survival training , combat tactics , operating weapons and military vehicles , and not on funny marches , doing tricks with your rifle for parades , cleaning toilets with your toothbrush or in general just doing some stupid shit that an entitled fuck asks you to do just because he has a higher rank . 
  sure , discipline is important , but it should not be put above survival and combat skills . 
   are you physically able to join it ? 
  ( gender does n't matter ) i mean , i should probably quit smoking and lose some 5-6 kg , but other than that i would say i am . 
   do you have relevant skills you could bring into it ? 
  i can code . 
  cyberwarfare seems to be the norm now , so i guess that 's relevant . 
   which role/branch would you like to serve in ? 
  intelligence . 
  libraries are places where you go to read books or borrow them , bookstores are places where you buy them . 
  it 's funny , because in romanian for example , * libr\u0103rie * means bookstore ( * bibliotec\u0103 * means library ) . 
  it 's extremely unlikely apple would have provided this info to the fbi without the fbi actually asking for it . 
  it would n't make any sense for apple to do police works and an itunes transaction by itself is not suspicious , unless it 's fraudulent ( remember , the feds had to correlate this ip address with the one used to login on kat 's facebook page ) . 
  it 's simply a clickbait title , nothing spectacular . 
  the only one to blame here is vaulin for having shitty opsec . 
  naah , that 's not gon na happen . 
  it 's basically like threatening to divorce your wife if she does n't iron your shirt faster , ultimately it 's going to do more damage than good . 
  nato has benefited the us more than any other country so far ( where do you think nato countries get most of their military equipment from ? 
  ) , more military spending by nato members would automatically mean more arms sales for the us , it 's obviously the main reason why the us is pressuring nato members to increase their spending , but issuing threats the trump way is not going to help . 
  no , it only showed them that he logged in to both the kat facebook page as well as apple id from the same ip address . 
  this information would have been worthless by itself wothout the personal information associated with the apple id . 
  also , ip addresses are logged by every website ever , from google.com to nigelfaragedickpics.co.uk . 
  yeah , only that defense policy is not like business , the whole point of nato is to convince russia and other enemies that the us will stand up for any nato member no matter what . 
  what trump is doing right now is undermining the us 's credibility and international position in case he becomes president . 
  he is doing a great disservice to america without even having been elected , it 's shocking how many people are unable to see that . 
  most countries do n't give a fuck until the us comes knocking . 
  a few years ago , russia would have been a good option , but these days even they are are cracking down on piracy . 
  china would be another option , but for some reason servers in china are slow as fuck when accessed from europe :  -- 123.125.114.144 ping statistics --  12 packets transmitted , 12 packets received , 0.0 % packet loss  round-trip min/avg/max / stddev = 532.502 / 585.095 / 631.078 / 31.237 ms, 
  not exactly :  banana republic or banana state is a political science term for politically unstable countries in latin america whose economies are largely dependent on exporting a limited-resource product , e.g. 
  bananas . 
  the us is very stable politically , it 's just that it does not serve the interests of the people . 
   i call them shitty because they sold out their customer and also because the prices of their products are not proportional to the hardware they offer . 
  phone hardware is not about clock speeds , number of cores and amount of ram . 
  they are low powered devices supposed to run phone apps fast and efficient so that they do n't run out of battery in 5 minutes . 
  apple does this by designing both it 's hardware and its software with very good results .
