  a party ca n't be made or reformed over night and the well funded intelligence services do their best to infiltrate every promising new political movement with compromised individuals . 
  this is normal , i do n't think anyone would expect a bunch of corrupt crooks who have been running a country for the past 26 years to go down quietly . 
  the laws being pushed in parliament are clear signs of desperation , they are acting like a wounded animal which has been cornered . 
  well everyone is getting arrested , from politicians to government employees , police , doctors , customs officials etc. 
  the dna also has a conviction rate of over 90 % . 
  most people who are in position to take bribes or touch public money are scared shitless right now , but it will probably take a few more years to completely clean up the system . 
  in what way ? 
  voiculescu is there , i could n't find decent pics in cuffs of the others you mentioned . 
  basescu was never very popular , he was just the better candidate in both elections , do you think bombonel or geoana would have been better presidents ? 
  but it has 10 million views . 
  so [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqxvqr4xbn0 ) does not reflect the opinion of the majority of ukrainians ? 
  there were 6 police officers for every gay parader , of course there was no major incident . 
  it does n't mean people are more tolerant than they were 2 months ago , just that they had much more security forces this time . 
  i do n't know much about this guy , except that he looks pretty dumb and likes to drink , a lot . 
  how is he popular ? 
  yeah , in the west people give up their rights voluntarily , in the name of `` security '' and `` tolerance '' . 
  real heroes , unlike our `` brothers '' to the east that still lubricate their assholes for the russians . 
  pun intended . 
  obviously , you ca n't be indifferent when it 's someone you care about . 
  but i would have been more angry than sorry if something bad would have happened to her . 
  angry with her , as this was her own decision . 
  i did everything i could to stop her , without breaking the law ( like stealing her passport or something ) , so she was very much aware about my position on this . 
  also , i stand by my statement that i would n't have helped her if something happened , i had no intention of going to nepal or embarrassing myself on tv to make a plea to the authorities or something like that ( like the family of a kid who was sentenced to death in malaysia for drug trafficking starting making pleas on tv to the romanian and malaysian governments ) . 
  i 'm the awful person here ? 
  she should be thankful i did n't break up with her . 
  i advised her against this from the day she told me she 's thinking about it . 
  i even told her it was a shitty idea when i dropped her at the airport . 
  after she got there i could n't get hold of her for 3 days and after that for another 3 weeks when she went trekking . 
  imagine she was driven through [ these kinds of roads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpkx4aqifpi ) , i had fucking nightmares of her falling off a cliff or being in plane crash . 
  i was also thinking how awkward a funeral without a dead body would be . 
  needless to say i did n't get much sleep . 
  when someone you love does this to you on purpose , i think it 's a legitimate reason to be pissed . 
   tunisia , definitely , how exactly is tunisia better ? 
  the only time i heard about tunisia after the arab spring was about sousse . 
  obviously it was n't a complete fuck up like in other countries , but i doubt there 's much improvement either , if it was , western governments would parading it as a success story , you would hear about it much more often . 
   arguably also egypt but less noticeably so . 
  please explain how al-sisi is better than mubarak ? 
   morocco also had a little micro-spring . 
  nothing fundamental changed but lots of reforms got enacted . 
  again , morocco is n't one of those countries you hear very often about in the news , but last year i remember a news story about moroccans being convicted for drinking juice during ramadan . 
  i do n't know about you , but for me this is more than enough to label it `` complete shit hole '' on my map . 
   libya ... depends on where you look , the country is a mess . 
  it does n't depend on anything , the country is objectively a complete shit hole . 
  not to the level of syria , but shit hole nonetheless . 
  gaddafi was a bad guy , but libya was much more stable during his time . 
   but i guess they are n't big fans of blonde eastern europeans there . 
  i do n't think the problem is that they are n't fans of european women , the problem is they get too excited when they see them . 
  i have no sympathy for people who go to shitty countries by their own will . 
  when my girlfriend decided she wanted to go to nepal despite my strong warnings against it , i told her she was on her own , if something bad happened , she should not expect me to help in any way . 
  fortunately , nothing happen , but she did come close to death at least a couple of times . 
  and no , the fact that qatar , saudi arabia and uae are very rich does not make them less shitty in my opinion . 
  if you go there to work and earn more money than you would at home or in a civilized country , consider the extra money compensation for the risks you are exposing yourself to . 
  do flemish people speak dutch with an accent ? 
  this does n't really sound like dutch to me , more like some hillbilly german . 
  i think pretty much everyone except the french are against it . 
  france just wants into relevance . 
  my personal opinion is that if they want it so much , they should be made to pay for it . 
  what an amateur , he should have learned from romanian politicians and go to austria or turkey for surgery . 
  anyway , he did this for a mole ? 
  removing a skin mole costs like $ 70 in romania , reputable private clinic and all , i ca n't imagine it being much more expensive in latvia . 
   merkel said that the last several eu reports on romania had been reflecting the positive tendency in the country 's development , but for the time being there was no answer to the question of when the schengen accession could happen . 
  so it 's not about the cvm , it 's simply that germany wanted to block romania and bulgaria from joining schengen and they needed a reason . 
  the cvm was a good argument back then , because it allowed germany and the netherlands to use their veto rights without looking like assholes . 
  but today , when the situation is very different and the cvm argument does n't hold anymore , germoney and the swamplands show their true colors by saying `` yeah , you know , the justice system has improved significantly , but we still wo n't let you join schengen because we do n't want to ! '' . 
  all the eu institutions and pretty much all schengen countries except for germany , netherlands , france and finland have fully supported romania and bulgaria 's bid to join schengen ever since 2011 . 
  it was never that all the 4 countries opposed romania and bulgaria joining , but only two at a time ( perhaps so that germany does n't look like a lone asshole ) . 
  this should have more upvotes . 
   that 's like saying that americans got richer at a very brisk pace previous to 2006 due to the rising house prices well , if you owned more than one property , you indeed got richer . 
  so does acting all butthurt increases his popularity ? 
  i personally do n't have any respect for someone who does n't know how to lose . 
  tbh , in the 14 years or so of using google , i 've never had to contact their support , so i ca n't say how good it is . 
  i do n't use yandex and the only reason i use mail.ru is because of their \u0417\u043d\u0430\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0430 service , it 's great for finding horny moldovan bitches to fuck ( i also used odnoklassniki in the past for the same purpose , but i quit because of the amount of fake profiles and amount of girls lying about their age ) . 
  oh , god damn it , please do n't bring the nicusor dan ass kissing circlejerk to / r/europe . 
  nobody has even heard about this clotilde armand until about a month ago , now we 're talking about how she `` wants to change the face of politics in romania '' . 
  neither nicusor dan , and especially neither clotilde armand have proven anything yet , so i choose to be skeptical until i see actual results . 
  with vk i can understand , there 's a ton of piracy there , like entire movies being posted . 
  but how is mail.ru or yandex better than google ? 
  with \u043e\u0431\u043b\u0430\u043a\u043e @mail . ru you have to download videos to see them , it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't think anyone is doubting that the nsa spies on pretty much everyone . 
  the only thing i 'm suggesting is the russian want similar , if not better surveillance capabilities over their population . 
  you forget to take some things into account : - this os wo n't be built from scratch , it will be built on top of sailfish os . 
  it 's probably just going to be a more advanced reskin of sailfish os with russian stuff bundled in . 
  - russians are way more patriotic than europeans , if there 's a russian alternative to western stuff , they typically use it , look at yandex , vk , mail.ru . 
  sure , these services have the advantages that they were launched before the american services became as huge as they are today , for example vk existed before facebook was even translated into russian . 
  but i think the main reason why russians choose these services over google , facebook et co. is because they are patriotic , they 've been taught to be since primary school ( unlike us europeans , we get taught the white man is evil ) . 
  the point is russkie os does n't even need to be better than android or ios to be successful in not just russia , but other fsu markets as well , it just needs to be good enough . 
   all the other stuff you mentioned is easy to program and cheap , it just needs like every social network the minimum userbase . 
  after you reached them it is easy . 
  the only somewhat complex/more sophisticated thing is russias search engine . 
  not quite , there is a lot that goes into a major website to make it successful . 
  facebook was very rudimentary in the beginning , it was only after they got hundred of millions in funding that it started bringing the complex functionality you see today . 
  of course , building clone sites it 's much cheaper , because you already have a model of how it 's done . 
  but even so , find me a commercially available facebook clone that even comes close to facebook functionality . 
  i am always surprised at the ability of the north korean government to not collapse under its own weight . 
   this new os will get no where near to the matured alternatives . 
  and developing it to a sophisticated level would costs millions or even hundred of millions . 
  russia already has its own internet ecosystem , with services like yandex.ru , mail.ru , vk.com etc. 
  these companies have every interest in a russian os , because it would allow them to bundle their apps and their apps only , not like with android , where they can bundle the russian apps , but google apps are also preinstalled . 
  there were talks about a visa free regime between the eu and russia , but then russia annexed crimea ... 
  they probably want to have their own app ecosystem , to ensure they have control over what apps can be installed .
