   then the diplomats intervened . 
  ( luckily for us . ), 
  you were only lucky the nazis chose you as their bankers , otherwise they would have anschlussed switzerland as well . 
  and what atrocities did the wehrmacht commit ? 
  afaik , the ss was in charge of dealing with the jews and other untermenchen . 
  your country also has the luftwaffe and it was never associated with nazism . 
  switzerland also calls its air force luftwaffe . 
  they could call it luftstreitkr\u00e4fte ( pre-nazi germany and east germany used it , as well as austria today ) , but that 's kind of a mouth full . 
  eli5 : why ca n't the baltic states just band together and create a joint air force ? 
  together , they have a larger gdp than slovakia , which does have its own air force . 
  how about you learn to behave yourself first and then we might consider that , erdo ? 
  i 'm 186 and i sometimes feel like a giant in romania . 
  however , girls like it , so i do n't have a problem with it . 
   but if in the worst circumstances they lost and it went through , you seriously think apple would pull out of the uk ? 
  if you think that then you have no understanding of business whatsoever . 
  google pulled out of china because they did n't agree with censorship laws . 
  but google was n't as big in china as apple is in the uk and neither is the uk china . 
  do you seriously think the uk would consider banning apple products even if apple refused to comply with their stupid law ? 
  i doubt so . 
  between apple ( and other companies that support strong encryption ) and a shady uk law , which one do you think is more popular ? 
  very few big companies would be willing to back down on strong encryption after snowden , it would be a pr disaster for them . 
  also , it 's not just about the uk , if the uk will get what it wants , the very next day the us , russia , china and other countries that have a problem with strong encryption would come knocking . 
   the idea is that terrorists are not rolling their own one time pads and xoring bytes themselves . 
  and if they were they would make many implementation mistakes that could be circumvented . 
  they do n't have to . 
  they can just as easily use open source libraries or even complete open source apps . 
  also , if the uk bans companies from producing apps which use e2e , it does n't mean every country will , and the internet has no borders . 
  [ have a look at this ] ( https://theintercept.com/2014/02/24/jtrig-manipulation/ ) let me twist that question a bit - why would n't the nsa and gchq have shills ? 
  they always want more powers and more funding , and if discourse against them goes unchallenged , it makes achieving their goals that much harder . 
  how can you support your claims that the gchq is not scummy and very effective , when it operates in complete secrecy and you have no knowledge of how effective it is ( unless you actually work for the gchq or are a top government official ) ? 
  not only that , but all the leaks point to the fact that they do n't really have much respect for the law and they put the bulk of their efforts into mass surveillance instead of what they are actually supposed to do , like , you know , spy on enemy countries and terror organizations . 
   how do you know that they were n't analysing images for steganography or something similar ? 
  oh right , you would n't , and neither would snowden , who was a sysadmin , not an analyst . 
  it was above his pay grade . 
  here 's what snowden said :  `` in the course of their daily work they stumble across something that is completely unrelated to their work , for example an intimate nude photo of someone in a sexually compromising situation but they 're extremely attractive , '' he said . 
  `` so what do they do ? 
  they turn around in their chair and they show a co-worker . 
  and their co-worker says : ` oh , hey , that 's great . 
  send that to bill down the way . ' '' steganographic coding is generally hidden in the bytes of an image , you would n't notice it had a hidden message just by looking at the image itself , but sure , they probably found `` attack at dawn '' written on her nipple . 
   do n't worry about it , you are n't a tax payer in the us or uk , and even if you were , the benefit far outweighs the risks of someone seeing an image . 
  i worked and paid taxes both in the us as well as well as the uk , but this is n't the main reason , but the fact that us and uk intelligence agencies doing this , encourages other intelligence agencies to follow suit , after all , if mass surveillance is ok in the us and uk , why would n't it be ok in hungary , romania or russia ? 
  and the romanian intelligence agency is the one i do currently fund , with a lot of tax money ( their budget as a proportion of the gdp is one of the highest in the civilized world ) . 
  and how would you know that ? 
  perhaps you are one of those shills the gchq and nsa employ to poison internet forums ? 
  you seem to be pretty confident that an agency which operates in almost complete secrecy with minimal oversight is totally `` not scummy '' and `` very good at what they do '' . 
  snowden revealed the nsa was looking at photos of random people 's junk . 
  that 's the level at which these agencies , financed by taxpayers ' money , operate at . 
   apple would never pull out of the market even if this happened . 
  why would the business pull out and lose profit just to make a point ? 
  at the end of the day the business is for profit . 
  let me guess , you voted leave , right ? 
  because i see the same tunnel vision logic that assumes everyone should bend over backwards to make the uk happy . 
  after having a huge fight with the fbi over this , how do you think there 's any way they would capitulate because a retarded uk law ? 
  it 's not like apple is a small company that can just pull out of the uk and no one would notice . 
  all they would need to do is make a statement about how the uk law wants to undermine the security of apple users and how that goes against apple values or whatever and it would cause a massive shitstorm and the press would be overwhelmingly on apple 's side . 
  this would be a very beneficial pr stunt for apple , while a disaster for the uk . 
  neither , nor china have managed to convince apple to weaken its encryption , thinking the uk could is naive at best . 
   they aint getting my gpg private keys . 
  they do n't need to . 
  if they issue you with a court order to provide your private key and you refuse to comply , they 'll just throw you in jail , the uk already has a law for this ( i believe it 's up to 5 years in prison ) . 
  if they really want your private key , well there 's always rubber hose cryptanalysis . 
  may has been trying to turn the uk into a police state before she even became home secretary . 
  with her as pm and britain getting out of the eu ( and possibly leaving the echr as well ) this process will just be streamlined now . 
  everyone is talking about how bad the nsa is , because of snowden , but the gchq is 10 times more scummy than the nsa , it just has n't had its own snowden yet . 
   they came out on the streets , and the army types did n't want to drive over them like they did in tiananmen square when they sort of drived them over , and that was the end of that . 
  how come no one notices that trump talks like someone with a mental disability ? 
  exactly . 
  the uk 's strategy was always to leech off the economic benefits the membership brings ( remember the reason they joined in the first place was that their economy was worse off than that of the eu states ) and avoid or delay any sort of integration whenever possible . 
  and even with all that they were n't satisfied . 
  they started whining about their contribution to the eu budget ( which is spare change compared to the benefits they have by being eu members ) and the 3.3 million eu nationals living in the uk ( out of which less than half actually come from poor countries like poland , romania and lithuania . 
  the eu would be mad to give them any more `` opt-outs '' . 
  the eu should only give them two options - either follow the rules everyone else follows , or revert back to wto trade . 
  but i thought your government was perfect and only the evil eu was stopping the uk from becoming the best country in the world . 
  / s i do n't have a problem with the british people , just those who voted out and are now telling the eu how it should conduct its business . 
  it 's basically like divorcing your spouse but then still telling them how to go about their life . 
  the eu will sign a deal with the uk if it serves the eu 's interests , if not , the uk is free to go prostitute itself to the us or china . 
  when you voted to leave the eu , i thought it would finally put an end to british whining . 
  boy was i wrong !, 
  you voted out , now gtfo and stop telling us how we should do things . 
  go make your own single market with india and bangladesh and stop whining . 
  how is it to speak out of your ass ? 
  turkey only applied in 1987 . 
  you forgot the obligatory m\u0103m\u0103ligu\u021b\u0103 cu br\u00e2nz\u0103 \u0219i sm\u00e2nt\u00e2n\u0103 , that 's blasphemy !, 
  [ yup ] ( https://youtu.be/ei3nqeqsu7a ), 
  yeah , except you do n't expect someone to blow up after shouting any of those phrases . 
   the term used to describe middle eastern men and their activities the night before friday , the muslim day of rest . 
  in traditional muslim countries women are not seen on the streets after dark so men rule the night . 
  anal sex for many muslim men is not seen as homosexual . 
  as the anus is used for pleasure . 
  after their thursday night adventures the men return home and act as if nothing ever happened . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqf_siq3jak ), 
  26.07.2016 - germany deploys soldiers at home 27.07.2016 - surprise anschluss, 
  of course , a larger body mass allows you to strap more food to yourself . 
  i stole one purse , three wallets and five smartphones since morning . 
  it 's been a very productive day . 
   both of which , forbidden in islam , thus worse than the punishment of possibly being involved in a coup of mere mortals . 
  you obviously have n't heard of muslim man love thursdays . 
   the 3000 judges erdogan arrested were all coup members ? 
  every single one of them ? 
  obviously not , but i 'm talking about those who actually participated in the coup .
