it was n't sexual assault , i know from a reliable source they all yelled '' \u00dcberraschen ! '', 
  first . 
   most people i meet either have a sony or samsung phone . 
  sony is a thing there ? 
  here , most people i see have either a samsung or iphone , sony is probably 5th or 6th . 
  i thought they were popular in germany . 
  my sister 's boyfriend is german and he is the only person i know with a windows phone . 
  i really want to believe she was hired for her competency , not looks , however i am deeply sceptical . 
  and the point being ? 
  probably at least a third of all teenagers 14 to 16 are sexually active . 
  will they launch investigations against all of them ? 
  how is the police supposed to combat real crimes then ? 
  i think it 's just stereotypical bullshit russian propaganda , most likely nothing will happen , unless they 're gay . 
  yeah , that ai n't happening . 
  our idiot mps just voted a law to increase all medical staff salaries by 25 % . 
  they did this first because elections are coming in december and second to fuck with the government , which already eliminated or cut a shitload of taxes and does n't want to enforce this idiotic law , because they would either have to cut a lot of money from investments or bring the budget deficit over 3 % which the eu of course does n't like . 
   pm dacian ciolos was unhappy by his latest flight from bucharest to timisoara , due to the fact that on a low-cost domestic flight , operated by irish company ryanair , you can only buy food and drinks by paying in euros . 
  the government delegation was on its way to meeting serbian pm , aleksandr vu\u010di\u0107 . 
   during the flight , the pm was irritated by the fact that the flight attendants refused to accept lei for the goods sold onboard . 
   according to witnesses and romania libera sources , the pm asked the employees what was the reason that a romanian citizen which goes on a domestic flight ca n't pay in the national currency of that country . 
   the employees answer , according to those same sources , was that the airplane was registered in ireland and since it was in flight , there was no obligation to accept lei as payment . 
  the company representative added that they have made a request to the company to be allowed to receive payments in lei during flights , but did not receive a positive answer . 
   however , other foreign low cost companies that operate in romania do accept payments in lei onboard their airplanes . 
  the eu is viewed very positively in romania for three major reasons : - the freedom of movement . 
  probably half of all working age romanians are working , are planning to work or have worked in the past in another eu country . 
  this is basically the main reason we still have a decently small unemployment figure . 
  this also helps the people who decided to stay at home , because jobs are relatively easy to find , especially in major cities . 
  - eu funds . 
  there are signs with eu flags at pretty much every project financed by the eu . 
  and there are lots of them , pretty much everywhere , from the shittiest of villages to the most developed cities like bucharest , timisoara , cluj-napoca . 
  - it has pushed romania to fight corruption . 
  without the eu oversight , it 's pretty much inconceivable that romanian politicians would have decided to fight corruption by themselves . 
  since when do criminals police themselves ? 
  because the eu pretty much forced us , we now have a very powerful and independent dna and politicians ca n't do jack shit about it . 
  they got to a point where they are so desperate , they are now trying to put more money into the prison system so they at least have some decent conditions when they get there . 
  negative views are rare and are usually limited to conspiracy theorists . 
  obviously , the eu 's handling of the migrant crisis is not viewed positively , but since we did n't get flooded by migrants like germany , it does n't really affect the positive view towards the eu . 
  putin is having a field day right now . 
  i can understand sweden , finland and austria being against it , but what 's the problem with denmark and the netherlands ? 
  well , there 's one ukrainian , anna lesko ( real name anna lyzhcko ) who became a very famous singer in romania after sucking just one romanian businessman 's dick ( irinel columbeanu ) . 
  after that , she of course moved to bigger names , like media mogul elan schwartzenberg , now wanted internationally on corruption charges . 
   i wonder what he 'll ask out of the relationship . 
  the us , through its embassies , is very involved in eastern nato members ' politics . 
  with trump as president , orban is hoping that he will relieve one of the pillars standing between him and absolute power , the others being hungarian opposition parties and the eu . 
  he did say that not all trump voters were bigots , but all the bigots voted for trump , which is kind of true , considering trump has been supported by many unsavoury characters like former kkk members and other extremists . 
  there 's pretty much no reason to look for the more expensive ones , since the only difference between the $ 50 ones and the $ 100 + ones is that the more expensive ones are usually exploited by criminal gangs , so it 's probably best to stay away . 
  actually , $ 50 is the mid-tier , on the low end you have the disgusting , std-dispensing road-side ones which do suck + fuck for $ 20 during night time and $ 10 during the day . 
  on the mid-tier , however , you can find pretty much everything you want , from `` plastic '' ones who look like knock-off kim kardashians to girl next door types . 
  i also agree the freshmen ones are a different story , but unless you 're old or creepy as fuck , very low effort is required , especially if they 're from moldova . 
  only downside is during exams and holidays , when they 're hard to find or too busy studying . 
  it 's the market price , plus she 's 25 now and also not willing to do much of the stuff the hotter 18-20 year olds are willing to do for the same price , or the stuff the even hotter freshmen girls from moldova are willing to do for free , if you have a little bullshit up your sleeve . 
  yeah , that would be an awesome deal , but in the real world it 's probably 1 bj/sq ft of an apartment , and that 's if you 're super hot ... 
  i know a girl from university who did exactly that . 
  it was all nice for a while , she was being driven to school in aston martin , had all the most expensive clothes , bags and jewellery , travelled all over the world , until the rich dude got bored of her and gave her the boot . 
  now she 's basically a nobody , still a whore of course , she regularly posts ads on the romanian craigslist offering sex for $ 50/hour . 
  let 's not jump to conclusions , i do n't think at 25 she has the influence or connections to make that much money through bribes . 
  it 's either daddy 's money or she sucked a lot of dick to get all that stuff . 
  i feel you man , but i always try to look at the bright side of things , like i imagine trump , with his stupid hair and 4th grade vocabulary will bring a lot of entertainment to the world stage of politics . 
  as long as he does n't get us all blown up in a massive nuclear war , i do n't really give much of a shit about what he does . 
  he does n't want to remove us military from europe , but he will sure as fuck ask for a lot more in return for it . 
  i 'm surprised how many people think this is n't going to have a significant impact on europe ... it 's the fucking us , it will obviously have an impact on everyone , if the us goes to shit , all the west will go to shit ... 
   also , do i have to bring a knife , or mma will be enough ? 
  gun maybe ? 
  do n't be stupid , if you bring that shit with you and the police will catch you , you 'll be fucked . 
  and i mean literally fucked in the ass by inmates , especially in iasi . 
  even a former mp who got arrested on corruption charges had to say this about jails :  it 's like the dark ages , black iron doors , chains , locks , no ventilation , gypsies , bandits , they fuck you in the ass , they kill you . 
  so yeah , no matter how bad busses/trains might be , jail is always worse , so do n't bring knives/guns with you . 
  how many supervisors were there ? 
  maybe they only had 5 booths to make sure people ca n't do shit inside the booth without being seen . 
  i do n't know when it started , but i do n't think it 's something that was imported from spain , since people eating sunflower seeds and discarding the shells on the ground could have been observed at every street corner for as long as i can remember . 
  i 'm only 25 though , so i do n't know how it was under ceausescu . 
  i never travelled by train in austria , but i rode the subway in vienna and damn , the station at stephansplatz smells so strongly of piss , i almost puked . 
  that 's actually bullshit , i just searched the cfr website for the route he was talking about and it 's actually 33 euros for travelling with second class ( so where all the peasants and gypsies are ) . 
  if you are the adventurous type of guy , you might try it , but you have to beware of thieves trying to steal your stuff while you sleep . 
  if you are woman , do n't even think about going alone , especially in the eastern and southern parts . 
   after numerous complaints to the romanian railways company about disgusting trash inside trains , the company 's chief executive , iosif szentesz reacted . 
   the executive posted multiple photos on his facebook account , showing the disaster than some passengers leave behind . 
   this is how the inside of regio train 8015 looks like after reaching its destination . 
  the train operates on the route bucharest obor - fetesti . 
   the pictures are recent . 
  more precisely , they were taken on the 5th or 6th of november '' , said another cfr representative , dr. ing . 
  viorel lucaci on his facebook account . 
   `` first we need to civilize ourselves and only then can we have the right to claim travel conditions like in the west '' , the man added . 
  i ca n't see polan on this list ... oh , wait ... 
  romanian ( native ) , english ( level c2 ) , german ( i would say around b1 ) and russian ( around a2 ) . 
  if i also count the countries i passed through , then it 's : hungary , austria , slovakia , czechia , croatia , greece , slovenia , italy , germany and the uk . 
  the guy who lives right across the street from me is known as `` spaima belgiei '' ( the fright of belgium ) . 
  he was in prison in romania and after he was released went to belgium and according to neighbours did a lot of shit there and in the netherlands , from walking out of a luxury clothing store with an armani suit under his clothes to pulling out an atm from a freaking wall with a van and towing rope . 
  of course , like a true criminal , he is still poor because he spent all his ill gotten gains on gambling , drugs and whores . 
  expected to see at least a romanian name . 
  am disappoint . 
  what he actually means is that it will sink like the titanic . 
   dunno about the degree of interventionism . 
  well , from wikipedia :  interventionism is a term for a policy of non-defensive ( proactive ) activity undertaken by a nation-state , or other geo-political jurisdiction of a lesser or greater nature , to manipulate an economy and/or society . 
  the most common applications of the term are for economic interventionism ( a state 's intervention in its own economy ) , and foreign interventionism ( a state 's intervention in the affairs of another nation as part of its foreign policy ) . 
  so , yeah , russia does all of this shit on a very consistent basis . 
  but how reliable is alexa ? 
  they base their ratings off people who have actually installed their toolbar or whatever . 
  i do n't know how representative those people are . 
   his one vote is in any case negligible .
