  russian cryptocurrency ? 
  moar like kleptocurrency , amirite ? 
  quick question : do you think it would have been better if there would have been a transition period in the gdr prior to reunification with brd ? 
  like maintaining customs and a separate currency for a few more years to stabilize the economy before complete reunification ? 
  idk mate , 30 years ago , my parents never imagined they would ever see another country ( at least a non-socialist one ) . 
  today , i can jump in car and go wherever the fuck i want in europe , no paperwork required , with very few exceptions ( russia , belarus , eastern ukraine and kosovo ) . 
  i tend to like the eu for that . 
  idk , i know a guy who owns a farm and he brings them to me for free . 
  he always gives me more than i can eat , so i give most of them to my family , friends and neighbors . 
  good luck with that , austria . 
  our prisons are so overcrowded with corrupt politicians and public servants , we simply do n't have the space for some lousy vienna pickpockets or whatever . 
  if you send them here , they will most likely be placed under judicial control or some shit and would go back to austria in no time . 
  do n't worry , recovering the money is the job of the anaf , an anaf which is still corrupt . 
  but their time will come too , soon enough . 
  when anaf will finally start recovering the damages , these guys will be left with a pair of flip flops and an old bicycle . 
  oh , man , greece is so fucked . 
  this basically forces people to rely on the banks , banks that could , at any time go bankrupt and leave them penniless . 
  if i was greek i would gtfo while i still could . 
  i thought the balkans were a hotspot for weapon trafficking . 
  i know moldova is , at some point , there was this guy , ion dru\u021b\u0103 known as vanea pisateli who would even sell you rpgs and radioactive material to make dirty bombs ( he 's now in prison for selling weapons and killing 3 men , but i 'm pretty sure he killed more than that , probably dozens ) . 
   is gunpowder also regulated ? 
  it 's not `` regulated '' , sale to private individuals of kno3 ( the base ingredient in gunpowder ) is strictly prohibited and if you get caught with it , the charge is equivalent to drug trafficking and they 'll probably slap you with a terrorism charge too , just because . 
  as i said earlier , the romanian government is aiming to prevent private gun ownership in pretty much all circumstances , they thought of every possible workaround , and made sure to ban them all . 
  even hunters have and sport shooters have limits ( 300 rounds for hunters and 100 for sport shooters ) . 
  sport shooters also ca n't get guns that have `` military resemblance '' for some reason , so the ak is out of the question . 
  the guns themselves are also terribly expensive , because the regulations are so strict , very few people get a permit , thus armories need huge markups on the guns just to break even . 
  it 's also impossible to find a gun shop in a city with less than 50.000 residents , and the big ones generally have one or two , at most . 
  gun ranges are also rare and expensive and an instructor has to sit with you the whole time you have the gun your hand and are prepared to beat the shit out of you if you even attempt to try anything funny . 
  ironically , gun laws during the ceausescu era were far more relaxed . 
  the current law is from 2004 ( it has been revised a few times , but nothing major ) , it 's probably the most draconian gun law in the world . 
  most people under 30 have never touched a gun , let alone own one . 
  that 's why you get people like / u/anonbrooklyn who think that if people owned guns it would automatically mean a permanent state of civil war . 
   considering how easy it is to make them yourself . 
  sure , it 's easy , if you can get the gunpowder . 
  it 's also risky , considering that , as a gun owner , the cops can come over at your place whenever they feel like it , without any warrant . 
  you have to understand that in romania , the government does n't want to `` regulate '' private gun ownership , they want to eliminate it completely . 
  as soon as you become a gun owner here , it 's like you 're basically on some kind of terrorist watchlist . 
  how much for an ak ? 
  btw , i know you guys can have rifles in your homes ( have to ? 
  ) , but are you also allowed to have the ammo ? 
  you know , a gun without the ammo is like a dick without the balls . 
  it says the map is for 2012 . 
  iirc , breivik happened in 2011 . 
   here is a map showing intentional homicide rates using a gun where does it say `` homicide rates using a gun '' , all i see is `` map of world by intentional homicide rate '' ? 
  in romania , the laws are so strict , it 's simply not worth the trouble trying to get a gun . 
  even if you do use it in self defense , the law is so idiotic 9 times out of 10 you will be the one going to prison . 
  so , suppose you are a law abiding gun owner and a burglar enters your house . 
  you must first grab the keys to your gun safe , because guns have to be kept in locked metal boxes , then go grab your ammo , which must be stored separate from the gun , in a different place , load each bullet into the magazine ( because the magazine also has to be stored empty and then go confront the burglars . 
  by the time you are finished with this , the burglar would have likely stolen everything valuable , gang-raped your wife and children , drunk an entire bottle of scotch and left the scene . 
  pretty sure no dictatorship would be worried about some crappy makarovs sitting in basements , most of them probably not used/cleaned for decades . 
  also , having a gun is just half of the story , you need ammo for it to be any good . 
  in romania , if you actually manage to get through the process of becoming a gun owner without losing your sanity , you can still purchase and have a maximum of 50 cartridges at any one time ( even blanks are limited ) . 
  you also give up on your freedom and privacy , because the police can come to your house and demand to see how you store your guns , how many cartridges you have etc. 
  whenever they want ( and they do this pretty often ) . 
  also , if your gun ( s ) get lost/stolen , you 're pretty much fucked . 
  agreed . 
  guns are just tools , they do n't kill , people kill . 
  you can use a gun for hunting , sport , or just blowing off some steam at the gun range . 
  the first time i shot an ak i thought it was the best shit ever . 
  even when using them in self defense , you do n't actually have to kill the person , if someone wants to attack you with a knife or bat and you pull a gun on them , it will most likely de-escalate the situation 9 out 10 times - [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrx3k7x4_uw ) obviously , i do n't think anyone should be allowed to carry a gun , but if you do n't have a criminal record and pass an in-depth psychological test , i do n't really see the problem . 
  a large truck or even simple car can be turned into a weapon just as dangerous if not more than a gun , yet i do n't see anyone advocating we ban cars . 
  romania is pretty internet-friendly , but there are some issues : - home internet is never capped , but mobile 3g/4g connections usually are - most common caps are 1gb , 2gb , 5gb , 10gb and 30gb . 
  some companies will make you pay for each mb after you passed the cap , others do offer `` unlimited '' bandwidth , but at basically unusable speeds ( 128 or 256 kb/s ) . 
  - in cities , speeds usually start at 300 mb/s for like $ 6 per month and go up to 1 gb/s at $ 10 per month . 
  in rural areas it 's a bit of a gamble , some have decent speeds , other suck . 
  - piracy is illegal in theory , but in practice , pretty much never prosecuted , unless it 's used for monetary gain ( i.e. 
  illegal streaming sites with ads , or sites that illegally rebroadcast tv channels ) . 
  - unlicensed gambling sites are extremely illegal . 
  if you are caught betting on them , you risk a fine from $ 1100 to $ 2200 . 
  worse still , you wo n't even be able to withdraw your money from those sites . 
  the worst part is that they are not even blocked by isps , the government maintains a [ blacklist ] ( http://onjn.gov.ro/lista-neagra/ ) of illegal sites , so basically , if you want to bet online , it is considered your responsibility to check the blacklist before you do it . 
  - i do n't think we have any laws regarding net neutrality , but at this point in time , it does n't really affect us , since our speeds are usually greater than what the servers can handle , so it does n't really make sense to have `` fast lanes '' or anything like that . 
  lol , moldova is an embarrassment . 
   i also know i would n't be comfortable to visit a gun owner 's home or taking the tube where someone may carry a gun . 
  you are too paranoid mate , maybe you need to go to a gun range to blow off some steam . 
  ah , i remember being in the us and walking around with a friend . 
  a fat girl on a bike passes by us and he says ( in romanian ) `` ahh , you teddy bear !, 
  '' , she turns to him and says ( in broken romanian ) `` what the fuck do you want ?! '', 
  idk , i find russian women are pretty open usually , although there are some who look like they 're about to murder you if you try to get into a conversation . 
  well , subway platforms also get cleaned . 
  idk , i do n't personally spit , not on the street nor on subway platforms , but i 'm so used to people doing that i do n't even notice it anymore . 
  i find the smell of sweaty or drunk people more disgusting . 
  how is spitting on a tube platform more disgusting than vomiting in the street ? 
  even in this map they wanted to move polan . 
  if there 'll ever be a few more world wars , polan will eventually end up in the atlantic . 
  chill out mate , your anger is getting the best of you . 
  that 's why you always have wars in the middle east , your temper is too hot . 
   europe has to pay us billions for all the damage they cost to middle east ok , we 'll pay you billions of zimbabwean dollars , good enough ? 
  in romania there are also so-called `` gypsy courts '' , where gypsies officiate marriages that are often illegal under romanian law ( i.e. 
  minors ) and settle disputes between gypsy families . 
  however , these courts have no legal status so , officially , they do n't exist . 
  not much , the guy who installed my internet told me they buy fiber optics at around 40 bani per meter , which is like 7p . 
  media converters , modems and routers obviously cost more , but they get their money back eventually . 
  tech is very cheap nowadays , i 've seen remote villages where they do n't have sewage or decent roads , but they have surveillance cameras on every single pole . 
  fiber optic is installed by private companies , not public authorities , so they always have that ( same with electricity ) . 
  if you look closely , you can see the media converters hanging on the poles . 
  [ typical romanian tourist abroad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpa-opv002i ), 
  in romania , `` suburbs '' are basically villages around the big cities where city people bought land and built houses , often chaotically . 
  there are lots of empty lots between them , many unfinished houses , and they often lack basic infrastructure like paved roads or street lighting ( unless a public official lives there ) . 
  [ example of street where no one important lives ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@45.7928015,21.2317096,3a,75y,233.95h,75.34t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sguqp6igkunhiex14dlmx3w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) [ example of street where important people live ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@45.7930997,21.2332502,3a,90y,193.62h,78.81t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1spneridby8fiqwkuo-bioca!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ),
