   yours because you think that we `` showed '' canada anything . 
  idk , here in romania , french cars are viewed as more expensive to maintain , due to less reliable parts ( except ofc for the dacia , which is cheap both to buy , as well as maintain ) . 
  german cars are viewed as more solid and reliable , but of course , when something does eventually break , you better have a big fat wallet . 
  well , unlike you , we are well aware about our status among the hierarchy of countries , so that 's why we joined the eu in the first place , to have a voice . 
  you think you can be relevant in the world alone , you will wake up to a very nasty hangover . 
  also , do n't forget that in order to strike any sort of deal with the eu , you 'll have to convince us just as much as you 'll have to convince the germans . 
  do n't forget it 's only been a few months since we forced trudeau to show some respect , you think you 're going to be spared ? 
  could be a specific agenda , i do n't know , but what i know for certain is that this british superiority complex is very real and it affects a large part of the population , regardless of their class or education . 
  many sincerely believe that both the us and europe `` needs them '' for some reason . 
  i do n't know how you guys have unemployment , the first time i went to austria , i found a job in the first week . 
  my boss was kinda crazy , but he paid well and let me drive his porsche pretty much whenever i wanted , which 21 year old me considered pretty fucking epic . 
   what exactly would the eu need the uk for in this scenario ? 
  nothing . 
  it 's just the british superiority complex , imagining the eu could n't interface with the us directly , because of `` language barriers '' , `` cultural differences '' or some other imagined reason . 
  the uk is still stuck to the mindset that the world revolves around them , just like the us is . 
  in the case of the us , this is somewhat still true , but in the case of the uk it 's almost completely outdated ( and it will become completely outdated once the uk leaves the eu ) . 
  only a few years ago , when the world was n't as fucked up as it is today , someone suggesting a trump presidency would have been considered `` fear mongering with ** absolutely ** no basis in reality '' . 
   i merely state that the uk will accept a deal that is good for the uk and balanced . 
  we will not accept one that only helps the eu . 
  well , at this point , it 's not about the uk `` accepting the deal '' , it 's the complete opposite , since your government is the one desperately pushing for a deal , even though most eu officials have been pretty clear on the matter - first you gtfo , then we talk about deals . 
  the eu is n't desperate to get a deal with the uk , we already have many deals and will soon get even better ones , especially with china , when trump will start throwing giant baby tantrums left and right . 
  yeah , fortunately the world does n't spin around the uk , so the other 27 member states could n't care less about what you lot voted for . 
  a deal is a deal , you do n't get to nitpick what parts of it you like and what parts you do n't . 
  if you want to gtfo , then gtfo , but do n't start to lecture other people on how they should treat you . 
  make your own ftas with trump and putin and kim jong un if you like . 
  bullshit , there is no `` abandoned cow problem '' in romania . 
  cows are worth money . 
  people do n't abandon bags of cash , so why would they abandon walking bags of cash ? 
  a lot of things happen `` close to vaslui '' , if all the things that happened `` close to vaslui '' happened in the entire country , we would be the syria of europe . 
   fun fact , there is a sizable community of gypsies in romania that originates from the hungarian-majority region of in the center of transylvania and speak mostly the gypsy language and hungarian but not romanian . 
  they are just hungarian gypsies , the same you find in hungary , nothing special . 
  trump is an idiot , he does n't understand anything about russia . 
  any deal you make with russia is not worth the paper it 's written on . 
  the russians only respect the deals they sign when it suits them and ignore them otherwise . 
  it 's not a country you can do legitimate business with , only the kind of business where you get the short end of the stick . 
  trump and his retarded advisors are going to find this out soon enough . 
  so you 're with the guys who think masturbation is a sin , or the lighter version ? 
  so who 's worse between russia funded le pen and corrupt fillon ? 
  christian democracy ? 
  wtf is that supposed to mean ? 
  miss universe was founded by trump and is now owned by news corp. , the same guys who own fox news , did you expect they 'd pick a muslim ? 
  yeah , except the `` romanian '' colonists in hungary are n't really romanians . 
  also , spain has morocco , not romania , as the main immigrant source . 
  my first geography teacher was retarded , she told us omu was the highest peak and that stood with me for a long time , despite omu only being the highest permanently inhabited peak in romania . 
  i do n't understand danish , so tl ; dr ? 
  not really , except for transylvania , other regions of romania have pretty much nothing in common with hungary . 
  the map includes the republic of moldova , so the population would be more than 29 million , around 32 million i think . 
  you do realize it was probably staged with paid actors and shit , right ? 
  let 's talk about something more realistic and doable , like reducing putin 's influence in europe . 
  putin is so strong because the eu is completely incompetent at preventing him from spreading propaganda and financing parties and organizations which have the sole purpose of sabotaging the eu . 
  russian backed propaganda spreads throughout europe like wildfire , while the eu is barely able to exercise influence across its own member states , let alone the rest of the world . 
  read your comment again . 
  does it provide any value for the discussion ? 
  does it offer any valid arguments for why you would think the `` eu needs to be dissolved '' other than the fact that you do n't like it ? 
  do you expect any rational reply to such a comment ? 
  the answer to all those questions is no , therefore your comment is retarded . 
  what do you expect when making a retarded comment like that ? 
  there are a few monasteries and other historical buildings , but really nothing spectacular . 
  compared to romania it 's shit . 
  moldova is one of the least visited countries on earth , btw . 
   i do n't want situations like the way the eu treats greece . 
  i like how all of you anti-eu people always bring greece as an argument . 
  you always point out how the `` evil eu '' treats the `` poor greeks '' , but somehow , the fact that successive greek governments have committed fraud on massive scale , escapes you all the time . 
  greece is at fault for the situation it has gotten itself into and this fraud was only possible because the eu is a loose union and allows states too much control over their fiscal policy , even if they are part of the same monetary union . 
  and norway needs to be annexed by russia . 
  they do this shit intentionally . 
  the albanian one is badass . 
  the macedonian and belarusian ones look too commie . 
  the italian one looks kinda commie . 
  the irish one looks like the ryanair logo . 
  what they told you is only partly true . 
  yes , if you lived in the countryside you had more and better quality food because you were growing it . 
  it 's also true that there were huge farms , however , the problem was that most of it ( especially the quality stuff ) was being exported , because ceausescu was desperate to pay all external debts when he realized he got screwed by the imf . 
  in the cities , the situation was anywhere from bad to miserable . 
  regarding the gypsies , it 's complete bullshit , the gypsies were just as unintegrated back then as they are now . 
  the only difference is that now they mostly live in delapidated houses and buildings , back then they were living in tents . 
  there was probably just as much , if not more , crime during communism as it there is today , however the press was fully controlled by the government so of course they were heavily underreporting it . 
  the only good thing about communism was that when stuff needed to be built , it was built , and it was built good and it was built fast . 
  not like today , when they 're struggling to build motorways through flat lands because of landowners trying to make a fortune off the state , `` archeologists '' who stop works on huge projects because they find a bone or some stupid shit , companies being awarded contracts on the principle of biggest bribe , engineers who cheated on exams and plagiarized their graduation theses and workers stealing building materials . 
  well , it 's a rather sad story . 
  they found around $ 700 at her home , which was a huge amount back then , considering her monthly wage was around $ 50 . 
  anyway , it was well above the legal amount of foreign currency one could have . 
  it also turned out she was having an affair with one of the guys buying lots of stuff from the shop , so my dad broke up with her . 
  she went to prison for 2 years and after that married one of my dad 's friends . 
  they later became the owners of a restaurant and my parents and i would sometimes go eat there ( of course , back then i had no idea she was my dad 's ex-gf ) . 
  this was until one day , when the restaurant got closed and i had no idea why ( my parents would refuse to tell me ) . 
  i later found out they had a heated argument and the husband decided to end it ... with a knife . 
  she died and her husband hanged himself shortly before he was due to be convicted . 
  this happened about 16 years ago . 
  what did you expect , ceausescu was inspired by kim jong un 's grandfather . 
  romania under ceausescu was basically like north korea without the death camps and summary executions . 
  yup , same shit happened in romania , with sibiu county . 
  people from other counties went to sibiu to buy stuff , as the stores there were always stocked , because the county head was ceausescu 's son . 
  in romania we also had the so-called `` shop-uri '' which had almost everything you could find in the west , they were not restricted , but you could only buy using us dollars ( and west german marks if i 'm not mistaken ) and the state would only allow you to have a very limited amount of foreign currency . 
  your name would also be registered when buying stuff from the shops , so they could keep track of how much foreign currency you were spending , and if it was too much , someone would be knocking on your door soon enough . 
  my dad 's girlfriend at the time actually worked at one of those shops , and she would sell stuff to people who had a lot of foreign currency under fictitious names , she got caught and sent straight to prison , they were n't messing around . 
  the funny thing was that ( in romania at least ) , people had a lot of money but nothing to buy , because most shops were empty or nearly empty . 
  in the 90s , it was the complete opposite , there was everything in the stores , but most people could n't afford it . 
  i remember when the first mcdonald 's opened , it was basically like a luxury restaurant for us . 
  normal meat was extremely rare in romania as well , this particular store was stocked because the comrade was visiting .
