  of course you 'd love to suck poorer countries of their brightest minds and give nothing in return , who would n't ? 
  you like immigrants , but only those who are smarter and more successful than 80 % of your own native population , who would 've thought ? 
  and of course people who voted for brexit would n't feel threatened by such migrants , after all , it 's not like the vast majority of brexiters are going to compete for stem jobs , they only care about the toilet cleaning jobs `` stolen '' by the poles . 
  i think the eu should give them a giant dildo-shaped ferry filled with calais jungle migrants , but that 's just me . 
  croatia is n't in schengen , there were always border checks there . 
  while not much richer than us in terms of wages and money in general , hungary is superior to us in almost every other way : - their motorway system is dope , very extensive and of much better quality than ours , in fact i would say better than some western countries as well . 
  they have more exists , more and better quality rest areas with actual services ( gas stations , shops , hotels ) and they also actually clean their reflective markings and signs so they are very visible at night . 
  the only thing we beat them at is that we have lit exits , on hungarian motorways it 's always pitch dark ; - their cities are cleaner and better organized , you rarely see illegally parked cars ; - hungarian villages and small towns are light years ahead of romanian ones ; - their health system is much better , people from the countryside come to timisoara for healthcare , people from timisoara go to szeged for healthcare . 
  blah , blah , blah . 
  the norwegians sell oil . 
  everyone wants oil , if the british wo n't want to buy their oil anymore , someone else will want to . 
  they have no reason to give a single fuck about the uk 's childish whinings . 
   if immigration had been more restrained , if there had been time to absorb immigrants better , if they had n't formed enclaves , there 'd be less resentment . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  jews have been in germany long before hitler came around , still did n't stop racism/xenophobia . 
  the problem is not the immigrants , it 's the press who loves to put them all in one basket , because these days it 's no longer acceptable to label people by race or religion , so the fight has turned into natives vs. foreigners . 
  the logic they go by is completely retarded , like farage saying he did n't feel comfortable on a train because people spoke different languages , i mean how different is this to saying `` i did n't feel comfortable on a train because there were too many people with hooked noses '' ? 
  one would think people should perhaps stop caring about disrespecting a guy who died more than a millennium ago . 
  nothing really , there was some music festival where mainly some ass and tit grabbing occurred and everyone freaked out . 
  sweden has long been the wet dream of every radical feminist , as well as every radical leftist . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  free movement of people is not like traditional immigration . 
  traditional immigration is a complex process that is hard to reverse - once you choose to immigrate to a certain third nation ( like , say the us ) , it is not possible to move back and forth whenever you feel like it . 
  green cards are hard to obtain and come with several strings attached , until you obtain proper dual citizenship you ca n't move whenever you want between your country of origin and the country immigrated to . 
  this does not apply to europe - a romanian can go to germany , work there for a couple of years and then return . 
  once he returns , he is a much valuable asset for the romanian economy then he was when he left . 
  things in germany are obviously done more professionally , so he likely learned some valuable skills he could n't have learn if he had worked in romania . 
  because german salaries are much higher , he now likely has the resources to start his own business and teach others the skills he learned while working in germany , thus improving the overall quality of services in the economy . 
  when i was in university , roughly two thirds of my professors have either studied or worked abroad . 
  the differences between the professors that have studied/worked abroad and those who did not were as obvious as the differences between day and night . 
  the basic idea here is that while free movement of people might not be beneficial for poor countries in the short term , it is extremely beneficial in the long term . 
  brain drain would still be a problem even without the eu , because rich countries would always want to take in smart immigrants , and it would actually be a much bigger problem , because after going through a very complex and cumbersome process of immigrating to another country , fewer people would be willing to ever return . 
   obviously there are plenty of ways to circumvent that and stay anonymous . 
  there are n't . 
  anonymity is a myth . 
  the only thing criminals can do is make it as hard as possible for the authorities to trace them , but they ca n't ever make it impossible . 
  in the end , it 's basically one man , or a small group of men , against multiple organizations that have access to enormous amounts of data collected via mass surveillance , as well as the power to subpoena corporations into giving even more information . 
  if the cops are really out to get you , they would still be able to track the previous owner with this method and then interrogate him and figure out where the printer ended up . 
  with all the surveillance going on in this day and age it 's pretty close to impossible to be really untraceable , the only thing a criminal can hope to do is to make it as difficult as possible for the authorities to trace him , in the hopes that they will simply give up at some point . 
  how is a dildo relevant to masturbation ? 
  some people just like to put things in their holes . 
  dildos have nothing to do with it !, 
  oh , i 'd like to see the uk opening up assembly plants for networking equipment and try to compete with the chinese teenagers who work 16 hours shifts and earn 50p an hour . 
  you are very optimistic mate . 
  you do realize things break all the time and need to be replaced/upgraded , right ? 
  well , it 's not even about the rivers here , greedy fucks cut forests and then , when it rains , all the water comes down the hills towards the towns and villages . 
  also , the new drainage systems they built are shittier than the ones ceausescu built , with the old ones we never had any problems , but the new ones are complete crap . 
  i think it has to do with the general state of our education system , you can see it everywhere , even when they build new roads . 
  for example , a motorway section opened about six months ago close to my city , i now drive there every other week or so and they are always fixing something and always in a different place . 
  also , our merging lanes are very inadequate for some reason , they are too short , it 's like the people who designed them never drove a car in their lives . 
  for example , on the road that goes to the airport , there is a merging lane that 's like 10 meters long . 
  [ here it is in all its beauty ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@45.7796066,21.317697,3a,75y,333.07h,71.92t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1slzlm40zu219p1nron4db9a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  it is both . 
  it is failed because the government does not even have complete control of the territory and institutionalized corruption replaces the rule of law . 
  it is artificial because it 's composed of parts from other countries sewed up together by other empires . 
  the whole idea of ukraine was created by poles and russians , there was no point in history prior to 1991 when ukraine was an independent country . 
  it is an accident of history and it will be corrected sooner or later , whether you like it or not . 
  it is , it is made up from parts of other countries that were sewed up together . 
  ukraine did n't even exist as an independent country before 1991 and even the name `` ukraine '' means border . 
  we could really use some dutch engineers over here , whenever there is a more serious rain , everything gets flooded . 
  damn idiots building our drainage systems . 
   i 'm not even sure what a pound is ... 
  it 's slightly less than half a kg . 
  is this satire ? 
  the metric system is objectively superior to the imperial onen i just think this is retarded - same goes for the brits not switching to m and km for distances as well . 
  yeah , just that the commie states got a bit too excited with it and those buildings still litter our cities everywhere and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future , unfortunately . 
  it reminds me of that hotel building in north korea which is considered the ugliest building in the world . 
  idk , but it does seem like a building straight from a george orwell novel . 
  why do you think that ? 
  from a technical and strategic point of view its perfectly possible , however no one government has the balls to deal with that shit . 
  oh , come on , im not a native speaker , but even i can tell his accent is forced . 
  when native speakers speak ( obviously i mean educated ones ) , the words just flow seamlessly , but with timmermans it simply feels forced , like he 's thinking about how to pronounce each group of words before he says them . 
  it simply feels unnatural . 
  also , i do n't think having a native accent is necessarily a bad thing , for example christoph waltz has a very obvious german accent , yet his english is still very pleasant to listen to . 
  wagner moura also speaks very good english without trying to emulate a native accent . 
  i do n't see anyone giving them money here either , yet professional beggars in romanian cities make , on average , $ 100-150 ** per day ** . 
  this is in a country where the average wage is $ 25 per day , the people have a very negative view on beggars and the police are constantly hunting them , confiscating their money and beating the shit out of them whenever they catch them . 
  if they can make that sort of money here , i can only imagine how much money they make in sweden , which is a lot richer , people are very generous and police never bothers them . 
  if you want to get rid of beggars , there 's no other way than to force your government to go really tough on them . 
  unfortunately , i doubt your constitution allows for the level of toughness required to get them off the streets . 
  the only viable option would be to have a law similar to your prostitution law , so to sanction tbe people who give money to beggars as well as placing very visible signs informing people not to give money to beggars as we do here in timisoara . 
  and what exactly do you want europe to do ? 
  go to war with russia over a failed state ? 
  ukraine was never a reliable ally for europe , it has always swung back and forth from europe to russia , institutionalized corruption was always an issue and poroshenko is proving himself as part of the problem as well . 
  ukraine has had the chance to pull itself together and join europe , now that boat has sailed . 
  it is now a failed state and there 's nothing europe or the us or anyone else can do to change that . 
  military action by nato would do nothing good only escalate the whole thing and european/american lives and money would be lost for what exactly - helping the corrupt regime in kiev maintain control a little longer on a country which is falling apart ? 
  and it is falling apart not just because of russia , which obviously plays an important role , but because it is an artificial state , a political frankestein that was always destined to fail . 
  do dutch people actually speak english like that or is it just timmermans ' shitty attempt at a british accent ? 
  it sounds very douche-baggy tbh . 
  tallest building in romania , but not for long , in timisoara they are building a 155m building as part of [ openville ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akdxr0wffca ), 
  it does , do you think all that fiber and equipment used by isps is made in britain ? 
   incidentally , i dropped by chisinau three years ago and did n't notice any wet panties ( maybe it 's me ) . 
  well , the first step would be to approach them . 
  they are far more aproachable than romanian women , and moldovan men get rekt when romanian guys come in the scene . 
  sure , this is just empirical data , but how do you explain all those moldovan female students coming to romania and ending up pregnant in the first semester if they do n't like romanian guys ? 
  do n't worry , i 've talked with my friends working in britain in the last couple of weeks . 
  only one is planning to immigrate to canada , the others are planning to go to germany . 
  well , since you probably never had to apply for one , let me tell you a little story about rejection rates . 
  when i went to the us embassy for my visa interview , there were a lot of people before me .
