  it 's not about the communism , i 'm not talking about the ugly buildings , romania has many beautiful buildings from before the communist era , but many are in desperate need of renovation and no one gives a fuck . 
  if we had many tourists , people would be forced to give a fuck . 
  i 'm also talking about post 1990s projects , for example , in croatia , when when you build a building or alleyway or something , it looks esthetically pleasing , in romania they just build a crappy box of matches , pour some asphalt around it and it 's considered `` good enough '' , virtually no thought given to the fact that it looks like shit . 
   definitely far out of reach from any government in romania . 
  really ? 
  our growth rate is way better than the eu average , much better than belgium 's , that 's for sure , no migrant crisis , no terrorists , comparatively low unemployment rates , we 're fine , thank you . 
  and what do you propose ? 
  most of the spanish economy is under water already . 
  tourism might not be the ideal thing , but it 's still much , much better than nothing . 
   too many tourists kills the cities that 's not true . 
  tourism boosts cities , it does n't kill them . 
  look at romania and croatia , we have about the same gdp per capita ( ppp ) , but croatian cities look much better and are better maintained than romanian ones simply because of tourism . 
  tourism brings investment , it pressures businesses to provide better services and pressures the government to provide better infrastructure . 
  the fact that alleys are full of tourists and they are loud , it 's just a nuisance , not a disaster . 
  people who do n't like that can sell their house and move to a less touristy area , they 'd also make some money from this , because property prices in tourist areas tend to be much higher than in other places . 
  btw , i also like that graffiti , where it says `` tourists go home ! '', 
  and below `` refugees welcome '' . 
  so people who spend money in your country are not welcome , but people who take money from your government are . 
  interesting logic . 
  what would you expect of a failed state ? 
  not long ago they were complaining about being broke , now complaining of too many tourists . 
  wtf , spain ?!, 
  send them to romania , we like tourists who spend money here !, 
  there is a difference between taking gotland and taking sweden . 
  yes , russia would want gotland , but i do n't see why they would want sweden . 
  the same is happening in romania right now , only the people are n't very keen to work for the shitty salaries they offer . 
  there are very few sectors in romania that offer good salaries , like it , private healthcare , construction and a few others , but most are shit . 
  nobody gives a shit about the labels on cigarette packs , so why would they care about labels on alcohol bottles ? 
  people are n't stupid , they know cigarettes and alcohol are bad for health , they just do n't care . 
  the only real way to reduce consumption is to tax the shit out of it , however , this too causes problems , by opening up new business opportunities for criminals . 
  i had exactly the same thought . 
  in romania , we have the `` samsari '' , they are absolute scum of the earth , they bring shit cars from germany ( cars with poor maintenance records , accidents , shit like this etc. 
  ) , make them look decent enough , roll back the mileage a bit and sell them to unsuspecting customers ( read idiots ) . 
  and then we are amazed at the amount of unsafe cars in our countries . 
  these guys should be sent to prison for at least 10 years , not only they are putting the lives of their customers at risk , but also the lives of other road users and pedestrians . 
  look at all those cars which will be sold to unsuspecting bargain hunters from eastern europe !, 
   had a fat guy dressed as katy perry spray milk from bottles strapped to his man boobs over 11 years olds . 
  pics/video or it did n't happen . 
  what a scumbag !, 
  eastern europe ca n't stay neutral because putin wants eastern europe in russia 's `` sphere '' . 
  eastern europe is n't switzerland , russian oligarchs do n't have bank accounts here , they would shit on our neutrality . 
  [ timisoara in a ( somewhat ) similar style ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt8gz1zba78 ), 
  good thing you did n't go last week . 
  the blackwall tunnel got closed and all the traffic became a complete nightmare . 
  come on mate , that 's clearly blue , why would they display the flag of failed state ? 
  this is [ the original video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw31l0jdjlk ) . 
  still cringey as fuck . 
  i 've seen worse , but / u/koelkastmagneet already linked . 
  yes , we are still romanian , in the way that we speak the same language , but in terms of culture and economy , transylvania was light years ahead of wallachia and moldova , the difference is obvious even today . 
   being under hungary 's foot define that . 
  transylvania was part of the austro-hungarian empire , it was always a multi-ethnic region , and romanians were n't some kind of pariahs , they were full citizens of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  the most impressive projects in transylvania were built under the austro-hungarian empire , not bucharest . 
  when timisoara had paved roads , electric trams and electric street lighting , the mud was still knee-deep in bucharest . 
  the fucks in bucharest almost ran the banat semmering into the ground a couple of years ago , it was barely saved at the last moment . 
  no mate , i am romanian and all , but you have to agree , romania was shit before it got transylvania , romania gained a lot from getting transylvania , but transylvania did n't gain shit from joining romania . 
  all my ancestors are from transylvania ... 
  you know this is very dumb , right ? 
  especially considering the amount of hacking going on in romania ... 
   torrenting movies and games is illegal . 
  it should n't be . 
  the way the entertainment industry works today , especially when it comes to tv shows , it simply forces people to torrent . 
  take geoblocking for example , it 's a disgusting business tactic . 
  even without geo-blocking , you would need accounts on like 12 streaming services to get the most important stuff , who the hell can afford that ? 
  some services even charge extra for hd content , wtf ? 
  torrents are simply much more convenient and as an added bonus , free . 
  the entertainment industry should fight torrents by offering better quality , not making shady deals with governments and fining people for downloading stuff . 
  they probably had only one statistic for the whole region , because you know , you guys were kinda primitive back then . 
  romanian flag at 0:17 . 
   virtually all larger cities offer 50 + mbps and up to 300 in some places through cable/vdsl/fiber . 
  rural areas lag behind due to lack of demand and most users being content with current speed . 
  here , 300 mb/s is like the lowest speed you can get . 
  it costs $ 6 per month or something like that . 
   rural areas lag behind due to lack of demand and most users being content with current speed . 
  how could you be content with shitty speed ? 
  in towns or rural areas in germany you ca n't even stream hd content or skype properly . 
   torrenting is not a problem at all , unless you download several terabytes a month from an open tracker . 
  that 's kind of bs . 
  there are no open wifi hotspots because people afraid of being fined for torrenting . 
  a couple of months ago or so , there was an article posted here about a guy who was fined because he let some refugees use his wifi ( and they used the internet to download torrents ) . 
  we could move them underground though . 
  also , many of the cables on poles are n't even functional anymore , the companies that put there just did n't bother taking them down . 
  alimony is kind of a sexist and overall retarded concept . 
  i do n't know where these numbers come from . 
  i barely know anyone that does n't use the internet in my city . 
  even the gypsy who is always dumpster diving near my house has a facebook account . 
  the lowest speed you can get on a home subscription nowadays is like 300 mb/s . 
  the only thing romanians do n't do on the internet is use government services , because there are n't that many , but we do pretty much all the other stuff . 
  * attractive women pretty sure no one would have helped her if she was fat . 
  yup , [ this is how a typical pole looks like ] ( http://andreibartesch.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/cabluri-pe-stalpi-in-bucuresti-3.jpg ), 
  why does latin dominate the internet though ? 
  i know in romania , back in the days of windows 98 and xp , our keyboard layout was qwertz but 99 % of keyboards sold were qwerty and it was confusing , and in addition to that , our \u0219 and \u021b were n't being rendered correctly by microsoft fonts , so we just started to write without diacritics . 
  today , all these problems were solved , but we still write without diacritics because we got used to it . 
  did serbian face similar issues with the cyrillic script ? 
  guess it depends how far you live from the border . 
  fuel is also a lot cheaper in estonia i would assume . 
  both countries are in eu + schengen , so there 's no border . 
  germany is like in the fucking dark ages when it comes to the internet . 
  shitty speeds , no wifi hotspots , huge fines for torrenting , gema blocking everything . 
  kind of a shithole when it comes to internet . 
   romania is a horrible place to live when was the last time you visited ?
