  yeah , but his influence is not . 
  do n't forget that dodon tried to have his moldovan citizenship revoked . 
  he is scared of basescu , and he should be , because basescu is a far more experienced populist politician than dodon . 
  he probably pulls them out of his ass . 
  he should have been able to vote in the first round as well , but dodon ( the pro-russian candidate ) challenged the order through which he was made a citizen , so it got delayed until the court rejected dodon 's bullshit . 
  regarding the election in moldova , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8zpcukv.png ) is what had to say :  the republic of moldova is pro-west , pro-romania  igor dodon did n't win the election from the first round even though the pro-russian electorate was completely mobilized to vote . 
  maia sandu enters the second round with a good score , 38 % , even though a good chunk of the youth did n't vote in the first round , but they certainly will in the second . 
   sunday , on november the 13th , maia sandu will win the presidential election with 53 % and the republic of moldova will remain pro-europe and pro-romania with a 55 % voter turnout . 
   congratulations maia , congratulations citizens of moldova !, 
  even though i tend not to agree with him , this guy has pulled some crazy shit in politics that few people thought possible , so it 's possible he knows something that we do n't . 
  germany finally joining the civilized world ? 
  it 's mundane because finland is not a country corrupt to the core , with gypsies who have huge palaces and drive their lambos to collect welfare benefits . 
  in a country like romania , if this stuff was made public , it would probably start a civil war with genocide seasoning . 
  while it is a gross invasion of privacy , i think romania would benefit from something like this , especially considering how widespread corruption and tax evasion are . 
  i would certainly like to be able to google the tax returns of all those disgusting gypsies who have giant palaces and drive around in lamborghinis and see how their incomes stack up . 
  i can bet my own girlfriend that all of those motherfuckers are dirt poor on paper . 
  it 's funny that probably 90 % of the romanian history school curriculum has something to do with the ottomans , but we never got taught about how to ottoman empire actually worked or stuff like that , just grossly exaggerated propaganda about how our ancestors fought them ( in reality , if we did n't pay tribute to them for much of our history , our country will probably be called romanistan right now ) . 
  in this day and age , when most youngsters avoid physical work like the plague , this kind of work really needs to be promoted . 
  everyone wants to be a boss and give orders to others . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  until technology becomes so advanced that you wo n't need people to do anything physical , the world still needs farmers , plumbers , carpenters , construction workers and so on . 
  not everyone is meant to have an office job or be an entrepreneur and it 's a stupid idea to shake this people off like their work does n't have any value . 
  look at how the situation was before the financial crisis . 
  every retard was either a broker , a credit officer , a real estate agent etc. 
  did n't turn out too well , did it ? 
  now many of those people who used to make six figure salaries work night shifts in some obscure gas station . 
  i was talking about no-name colas , not coca cola . 
  coca cola 0.25 is about $ 0.50 here as well . 
  it 's likely just completely unfiltered tap water , with a bunch of sugar and the cheapest coloring and cola flavor they could find . 
  yup , and that 's actually mid-range pricing , on the low end you have shit like [ this ] ( http://www.emag.ro/supermarket/bautura-racoritoare-carbogazoasa-cu-aroma-de-cola-2l-river-70457/pd/dzgd1bbbm/ ) which costs $ 0.21 for a 2l bottle . 
  again , you are underestimating the resourcefulness of gypsy crime gangs . 
  there will probably be rejects at first , but in no time they will learn to game the system . 
  look at sham marriages in the us for example , they get screened , yet it 's easy to game the system if you do preparations in advance and have some really basic acting skills . 
  not to mention mail order brides , of which probably 95 % want just citizenship or money ( or both ) and they fool everyone , including their husband that the marriage is legit . 
  secondary screenings , like ? 
  if they look like gypsies will they be denied entry or what ? 
  well , they did say the drinks should also be more expensive and have warning labels on them . 
  i think a tax would be a good idea , the prices of these things are ridiculous , some of the no-name brand colas cost like $ 0.50 for a massive 3 liter bottle . 
   he 's not a pro-russian candidate oh , but he is . 
  sucking russian dick is the only thing he has always been consistent at . 
  he even used images with putin for his election campaign . 
  actually , he used to be a member of the communist party and he left that party at the precise moment when they decided to move away from sucking russian dick all the time to only giving them a handjob from time to time . 
  every election in every country has a bigger or smaller percentage of fraudulent votes . 
  moldova , being the extremely corrupt shithole that it is , is sure to have a large percentage of fraudulent votes , but on both sides , so they likely more or less cancel out in the end . 
  what is indeed certain is that the pro-russian camp has always had the support of roughly half the country , and dodon is a great populist , which makes him very appealing to poor and uneducated people of which moldova has no shortage of . 
   how many transnistrians do you think generally vote ? 
  very few , around 2500 voted in yesterday election , around 64 % for the main pro-russian ( dodon ) and around 28 % for the main pro-european ( sandu ) . 
   and how do the over 60 % of ukrainians and moldovans living in transnistria see the local government ? 
  i have no idea , all transnistrians i know are very pro-romanian , because their the only kind of transnistrians who move to romania , so their views are worlds apart from those of the majority of transnistrians . 
  what i do know is that most look up to putin and dream of unification with russia . 
  they are pretty brainwashed by russian propaganda , but they are not complete imbeciles , they realize transnistria ( as well as moldova ) is mostly run by a bunch of incompetent corrupt fucks . 
   that makes no sense . 
  it 's expensive to relocate your whole family to canada and you visas do n't let you stay forever . 
  it 's economical to travel back and forth to france to cash in on higher wages/begging but would be absolutely stupid in canada . 
  it 's clear you do n't know anything about how resourceful gypsy beggars are . 
  you 're in for a big surprise . 
  they can vote , but they have to travel into moldova proper , because the mafia regime in transnistria refused to allow the government to set up voting stations there . 
  anyway , transnistria is very small , so traveling to moldova is n't a big deal . 
  because they tend to prefer large cities with lots of tourists . 
  there 's enough of them in swedish cities , as well as oslo , but they like london and paris more . 
  romania is not canada or norway , but it is n't a particularly hot country either , our winters are very harsh by spanish or italian standards for example , even by british standards , so they are used to the cold . 
  yup , same shit here every year , poland is like the catholic version of romania . 
  oh , it will be abused , that 's a certainty . 
  people are saying that travel to canada is expensive , thus the kind of people who would abuse the system would n't have the money to travel there in the first place , but that 's not how it works . 
  gypsy crime gangs who have lots of financial resources would happily buy poor gypsies plane tickets to canada in order to beg and steal for them . 
  they sometimes enforce it here too , but mostly companies , individuals are quite rare , only in the distant past ( like 15 years ago ) , when they used to sell games and movies on cds/dvds . 
  it 's basically a culture thing at this point , i know people who earn 4000-5000 euros per month and still torrent movies and tv shows . 
  those are numbers for 2014 mate , it 's not ike things have n't changed since then . 
  also , it 's impossible to accurately account for non-eu migrants , because , you know , not all can be bothered to register themselves . 
   torrenting is still illegal in austria it 's illegal in romania as well . 
  funny , my law professor who was also a prosecutor handed me his laptop once and i noticed transmission running and seeding a bunch of porn . 
  i do n't think a million eastern euros flooded germany last year . 
   are n't they pro-russian ** ( when it suits them ) ** ? 
  every country except poland and the baltics are `` pro-russian '' when there 's money to be made . 
  look at hungary , austria , hell , even germany or france . 
   by your logic , small countries would always be a lot more efficiently governed , which is silly . 
  i never said that . 
  what i said is that smaller countries need a lot less money in total to run , because they do n't need as much infrastructure and do n't have as many salaries , pensions and benefits to pay . 
   bigger countries are just a bunch of luxembours patched together . 
  well it 's not like that . 
  if romania for example had the same tax rate as luxembourg it would require companies with 40 times as many profits as the ones hq-ed in luxembourg to achieve the same standard because it 's one thing to devide x amount of money between 500,000 people and a whole different thing to divide that same amount among 20 million people ( and a much larger landmass ) . 
  does n't austria use the german dubbed versions ? 
  i used to think subtitles were cool , until i realised i never actually read them , because 99 % of movies are in english . 
  however , when watching a movie in any other language , i realize they kind of suck , because reading them takes your attention away from what is actually happening . 
  i torrented hundred of gigs if not tbs in both austria and the us , never had any problems with the law . 
  in germany , if you do n't have a vpn , you are basically fucked ( and tunneling your traffic through a vpn makes the already incredibly slow internet even slower ) . 
   germany is pretty backwards on quite a few of things and at points even anti-progressive . 
  internet speeds and copyright law are the first that come to my mind . 
  if it was n't for the shit internet and nazi copyright regime , i would have probably moved to germany by now . 
  because they do n't want to offend the new migrants . 
  i do n't think montenegro was ever pro-russian , i mean , at least not since it became independent 10 years ago . 
  anyway , serbia will have to move towards the west , because whether they like it or not , russia is far away and they are surrounded by pro-western countries . 
  well yeah , but the states should have similar taxes , if not , a small state like luxemburg can become a tax haven a make loads of money . 
  a state like luxemburg has every incentive to become a tax haven , because they have like what , 3000 km of roads in total ? 
  not a lot of state investments are needed in a small country . 
  we should do this shit too . 
  tomorrow we will have to change the clocks and it 's gon na get dark at like 5:30 p.m. 
  it 's completely useless and idiotic . 
  eli5 , what interests does russia have in montenegro ? 
  the mafia steals more billions than you give to eastern europe .
