  it 's ok lads , it 's `` the democratically elected '' government in turkey doing this , no need to worry , they 're just implementing the will of the people !, 
  you do realize there 's a difference to having a picture in your browser image cache as opposed to your camera roll , right ? 
   hell i probably have one too why the fuck would you have an is flag on your phone ? 
   considering that bulgaria has great relationship with turkey , their best ( only ? ), 
  bet is reaching crimea or novorossiysk . 
  i just hope they wo n't try romania , we do n't need to get to involved in this shit . 
  people who do n't have experience getting into fights usually freak out in such situations , their first instict is to flee , but there 's nowhere to flee inside a train . 
  i remember back in the 8th grade , there were a bunch of gypsies who terrorized kids after school , rob them of their money , phones etc. 
  this went on for a couple of weeks before they tried to rob me and a friend , we were two guys against 5 five gypsies , we beat the shit out of them . 
  the next day they came back with more gypsies , including older brothers that looked around 19-20 , around 12 of them in total , some with bats and waited for us outside the schoolyard . 
  we saw them from the window , got together more guys ( tough ones , not pussies ) , went out and beat the shit out of them again until the gendarmerie came and stopped us . 
  the point is that it 's all about the attitude . 
  i would argue that the us has been going in an evermore authoritarian direction since 9/11 . 
  yeah , russia has become rather irrelevant as of late , i do n't think putin likes it . 
  ah , thanks for clearing that up , i thought only der zug could be used to mean the actual vehicle , while die bahn was more abstract , like railway or something . 
  offtopic question : can zug and bahn be used interchangeably , or is it bound by context ( i.e. 
  got ta polish my german with brexit and all that ... 
  belgium has really shitty security in general , a former neighbor of mine became known there in 2008-2009 when he , together with some accomplices , basically stole entire atms with a sledgehammer and a van which they used to tow the atms . 
  they were never caught in belgium , despite doing this 4-5 times and always waking up everyone at 2 in the morning . 
  the guy later did some prison in romania ( he also did some prison before ) , but i think it was for unrelated crimes . 
   i think it is this . 
  not a staged coup , but a strategy to dissasemble parts of the military , knowing that they might rebel against that strategy . 
  i doubt that . 
  if true , it would have been an extremely risky strategy , how did he know the coup was going to fail ? 
  also , his plane was within range of coupist fighter jets , they could have shot him down at any time , yet they did n't . 
  the coupists made so many fundamental mistakes that even someone without military experience would n't make . 
  it 's like a professional sniper missing a stationary target at 100m , one does not make such a mistake unless he actually wants to miss the target . 
  further proof that people who support erdogan are just retards . 
  how can someone who does n't suffer from severe mental retardation believe that erdogan 's government was able to come with a list of 3000 judges in less than 12 hours and 8000 police in less than 72 ? 
  no investigation , not even a report ... this list was obviously prepared long before the coup attempt . 
  ww3 is very unlikely to happen , at least in total war sense . 
  wars are about power , if everyone starts nukes like some form of pissing contest , even if world leaders survive in some deep nuclear proof bunkers , there will be no one left to exercise power over , nor any resources to control . 
  ww2 was brutal , but within a couple of decades , the damage was mostly repaired , after a nuclear holocaust there will be nothing to recover from and world leaders do n't want that . 
  the only leaders crazy enough to actually do this ( if they had the possibility ) were stalin and hitler , but luckily , no world leader today , and that includes putin and kim jong un even remotely resemble them . 
  this is actually quite smart , churches that can double as bomb shelters during wartime . 
  that 's the point , churches in peacetime , bomb shelters in wartime . 
  i do n't know why we should get involved in this , our last legit terrorist attack happened in 1981 and was committed by three idiots who took hostage the passengers of a bus , hoping to be able to cross the border . 
  they killed 6 people before they were captured by the police and then assassinated by the securitate . 
  the madrid - bucharest - new delhi axis ? 
  from all people , you should be the last ones wishing for a ww3 , you know you usually end up on the losing side . 
  on its way to fulfilling its secret dream , becoming the us 's 51st state . 
  looks like erdogan is so pissed he ca n't join the eu so he now wants to join the us . 
   one ar-15 please . 
  honestly , i like the various incarnations of the ak more than the ar-15 . 
  the ak is more savage and satisfying for your inner caveman . 
  that 's \\ # 3 , actually , \\ # 2 is amateur porn . 
  erdo , you fucking genius , i see absolutely no way how this might backfire . 
   he makes putin look downright amateurish . 
  nah , putin is much more professional than erdogoat , he managed to obtain pretty much absolute power without destabilizing the country . 
  he 's more powerful and has more support than erdo anyway . 
  putin hits with the scalpel , while erdo hits with the sledgehammer . 
  the maltese one looks like some kind of f\u00fchrerbunker . 
  and has athens as the capital city . 
   it 's geography how can you be geographically in europe when you are more east than fucking syria , technically north of iran ? 
  speaking of moldova , they should change their national flag to the flag used by its ministry of defense , it looks [ pretty awesome . 
  ] ( http://www.army.md/img/userfiles/image/image/drapel_lg.jpg ) regarding romania , we should change our flag completely , if we add the coat of arms we 'll be confused with moldova and andorra , if we keep it like it is , we are being confused with chad . 
  yeah , and australia is part of eurovision ... the point is that geographically it 's east of turkey and only a small part of western turkey is actually in europe . 
  what kind of script does the armenian language use ? 
  it looks sick , like some alien language . 
  it 's right next to georgia . 
  i think some journalists did some copypasta of parts of articles about the turkish attempted coup . 
  armenia is n't exactly europe ... 
  yeah , but yesterday 's comments from erdogan supporters were even more retarded . 
  congratulations , this is the most retarded comment i 've read today !, 
   western union there would be some legal problems with that name . 
  definitely tappable . 
  it 's a propaganda video , pretty much any video filmed by russians in ww2 was a propaganda video , ordinary russians were too poor to afford video cameras and there were no independent journalists . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  it 's a video of a woman from the red army directing military vehicles at the brandeburg gate , a few days after the russians have taken over berlin . 
  no , it 's fugly . 
  also , coats of arms or flags should n't have text on them , hear that , [ italy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/emblem_of_italy.svg ) ? 
  [ you should know best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kqf0mtvptm ), 
   the us announced support for the extremist ergodan over the coup plotters . 
  the west needs turkey regardless of who is leading it . 
  western leaders announced support for erdogan only after it became apparent ( at least inside intelligence circles ) that the coup was doomed to fail . 
  you forgot the / s, 
  um , they fucked up and are now scared of dying ? 
  i mean it 's perfectly understandable you would n't want your country to get involved in this shitshow , i would n't either , but i do n't think it 's hard to understand why people who have legitimate fears of torture and death ( unlike the majority of the `` refugees '' who arrived in europe in the past year ) would do pretty much anything to avoid that fate . 
   islamists have been around 1400 years . 
  they 've been purged from europe countless times . 
  somehow we forgot that and invited them in in the last century . 
  yeah , that 's why i 'm saying the french government is either incompetent or ill-intentioned ( and , to be fair , it 's not just the french , but other western governments as well ) . 
  they talk about everything except the elephant in the room . 
  they speak of terrorism as if the terrorists have nothing in common , certainly not religion . 
  i do n't agree with your point on multiculturalism though , terrorism is not a multiculturalist problem , it 's a muslim problem . 
  i think it 's beneficial for people from different parts of the world , with different cultures to learn from each other , share ideas etc. 
  ** but only as long as they agree on the same fundamental values and respect each other ** . 
  this is why there 's a problem with muslims , their values are outdated and completely alien to ours and the worst part is that they want to impose their regressive views on everyone , through any means necessary , including force . 
  if you want to be tolerant , the most basic thing you have to do is to not tolerate intolerance , which is exactly what many western governments are doing right now . 
  oh , sounds like a combination of nero and caligula . 
  you need to attack the root of the problem , not the symptom . 
  sure , it 's an extremely low effort attack to drive a lorry into a crowd , but why do n't random criminals in other countries do it ? 
  the problem is that the french government is either completely incompetent , or there are some hidden interests to allow this situation to continue . 
  there 's no other explanation . 
  there 's no way the western world is n't capable of purging islamists and their propaganda as well as wiping isis off the face of the earth . 
  the problem is that there are financial interests behind this , instability in the middle east has always helped to line the pockets of the few . 
  sorry , i do n't watch game of thrones , can you elaborate ? 
  russia and turkey have diverging interests , just look at syria , it 's extremely unlikely such a defense treaty would work . 
  putler is not stupid , he knows erdogoat is not a particularly trustworthy character ( just like any dictator is n't , including putin himself ) , defense treaty or not , he would not want him to get his hands on those nukes . 
  maybe it would n't even come to that .
