  i would have rather died fighting , than get raped by slimy disgusting islamists . 
   and in what civilized justice system are rape and torture acceptable punishments for anything ? 
  i would n't consider turkey a civilized country . 
  not since erdogan , anyway . 
  mercy ? 
  by islamists ? 
  you got ta be shitting me . 
  what would you do ? 
  would you rather go down fighting or surrender and and get tortured , have your asshole wrecked by islamists and then get executed ? 
  i mean even if they do n't execute them , getting gang raped by a bunch of disgusting islamists is horrendous enough to make you wish you were dead . 
  european politicians have been acting very retarded lately ... 
   i 'll go pay debts now . . is that an euphemism for saying `` i 'll go evade taxes now '' ? 
  i do n't really sympathize with them , if this was a legit coup attempt , it was a really shitty one . 
  i mean the stupidity of everyone involved is mind boggling . 
  why did soldiers with heavy weapons surrendered like cowards to police with handguns ? 
  they imagined they would n't be tortured and erdogan would just let them go after they claimed they thought it was an exercise ? 
  not even a 5th grader should be that dumb ... 
   are you suggesting that privacy of the victim is less important than your infantile desire to be a voyeur ? 
  ok , it 's my fault for not being explicit enough . 
  my point is n't that they should release the victim 's name , but that they should n't release any name in such cases , because having the suspects name makes it very easy for anyone wanting to obtain the victim 's name . 
  also , these stories break literally one day after it happens , so they could be releasing the name of an innocent man and condemning him to a trial by media . 
  it 's not like false rape accusations are rare , despite what feminists claim , they are actually quite common . 
   ordinary voyeurs like yourself wo n't bother to jump through the hoops . 
  the hoops are there for a reason . 
  it 's just like a lock . 
  sure , anyone who bothers to learn a specific set of skills and gets a modern lock pick can pick lock . 
  does n't mean locks do n't keep people out , including those with that set of skills and a lock pick . 
  so you 're claiming that doing an extra google search ( the files on the ministry of justice 's website are also indexed by google ) is a legitimate hoop ? 
  there 's literally no skill required for that , to compare with your analogy , it 's not like picking a lock , it 's like someone locking their door to their house , but leaving the ground level window wide open . 
  and speaking of voyeurism , the media does not intend to prevent that , in fact , in more notorious rape cases , they make sure to disseminate every little detail of how it happened . 
  for example , last year there was some case about an 18 year old girl being gang raped by seven guys , the media wrote so many articles , if you were to put them all together , you would get a veritable porn novel . 
  then how did foreign press find out his name ? 
  if it 's anything like austria , they are probably selectively enforced . 
  in romania we also have some stupid law ( or it 's just common practice , i 'm not entirely sure ) where in rape cases they are allowed to publish the full name of the rapist but not the full name of the victim . 
  however , anyone can search the ministry of justice website for the rapist name , find the case number , click on it and the victim 's name appears in full . 
  such laws are pointless in the age of the internet imo . 
  that 's a very good question . 
  yeah , but it 's double edged sword . 
   the german-iranian is identified only as david s due to germany privacy laws . 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  his full name is widely known by this time . 
   what 's the bloody problem with cracking down on the dark net some ? 
  it 's got pedophile networks , drug markets , gun sales , the works ... 
  either they find a way to kick that out or it 'll get closed , that 's how the world works . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  there 's no way to `` close the dark net '' short of closing the entire internet . 
  even the most advanced like active probing used by the chinese are not 100 % effective . 
  chinese developers work for years on end to find effective ways to kill access to the dark net and they get circumvented in a matter of weeks . 
  the fbi has to investigate some dark net site for months or even years ( depending on the skills of the operator ) to be able to shut it down . 
  and that 's only for one site , and there are hundreds , if not thousands , with new ones popping up all the time . 
  the tor network also has legitimate uses , like communication for journalists , activists and dissidents in oppressive countries and civilized countries are n't willing to stop that , for obvious reasons . 
  even if they were , it would be impossible without changing the architecture of the internet itself ( which would open another huge can of worms ) . 
  that 's bullshit , germany has one of the [ highest gun ownership rates ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/world_map_of_civilian_gun_ownership_-_2nd_color_scheme.svg ) in europe . 
  there is no country in europe , certainly not in the eu/schengen where you can just simply buy a gun . 
  all require residency and background checks at minimum . 
  also , what tougher border laws ? 
  the whole poimt of schengen is that there are no borders between member states . 
  stop using emoticons instead of words . 
  it looks retarded . 
  are you 14 or something ? 
  weak people make tough times . 
  that 's where we 're at unfortunately . 
  i 'm all for an european army , just bring me a concrete proposal on how it would work . 
  how would it be financed ? 
  will countries like sweden , finland and austria agree to join it ? 
  who will lead it ? 
  germany ? 
  france ? 
  italy ( lol ) ? 
  some bureaucratic council ? 
  there are many questions and no easy answers . 
  actually , the war in ukraine made it harder , because there was huge demands for illegal weapons from inside ukraine . 
  of course , after it 's over , all those weapons will be dumped back on the black market . 
  even so , in transnistria you can get an rpg for like $ 800 , the only difficulty is to bring it into europe . 
  a couple of thousand is not a lot of money . 
  if this guy has been planning the massacre for over a year , as the police say , he could have easily goten his hands on a couple of grand . 
  if desperate syrian refugees can get thousands of euros to pay smugglers , a young german adult hellbent on committing mass murder can too . 
   if you have that kind of money , given you 're not insane , you do n't need to be a criminal . 
  it helps immensely . 
  buying a gun off the black market makes you a criminal . 
  assuming you 're not buying it to keep it in a secret vault hidden in your basement , if you 're going to carry it around or go shoot it somewhere , the risk of getting caught eventually is pretty high . 
  ok , let 's take this step by step :  the more weapons around , the more people will die because someone made a mistake , or because a child picked up a gun accidents happen regardless of gun ownership rates . 
  it does n't have to be a gun to result in a fatality , if people are irresponsible , they or other people will die regardless . 
  promoting a culture of responsibility would be much more beneficial than banning guns imo . 
   or because someone who is a normal person in a fit of rage picks up a gun to shoot someone instead of punching them . 
  people who are in a fit of rage do n't need guns to kill , in romania , obtaining a gun is pretty much impossible for civilians , yet we still have such murders , only people use knives and axes instead of guns . 
  our murder rate has been constantly going down in the last decade , but 15-20 years ago it was worse than in many countries with lax gun control , despite civilian gun ownership being the same ( close to zero ) . 
  even today , we have about the same murder rate as canada , which does have relatively lax gun laws ( you ca n't buy them like candy , but it 's perfectly possible to buy one if you are normal person with no criminal record ) . 
  i 'm not in favor of absolutely no gun control , but i do n't think banning guns completely is a solution either . 
  if some guy breaks into my house in the middle of the night , i want to have the right to shoot that motherfucker 's brains out , currently i do n't have that right . 
  only if you think those regulations and surveillance are meant to prevent extremism , which they are not . 
  they are meant simply to give governments more power . 
  extremism is just a pretext , they know they will never be able to stop all extremists . 
  i remember there was a documentary made by vice where they interviewed a german dude who made weapons and sold them on the dark web . 
  perhaps that guy was the source ? 
  maybe , maybe not , but the point is , if criminals badly want to get their hands on guns , they will , no matter how much gun control a country has . 
  gun control only keeps weapons out of honest people 's hands , not out of criminals ' hands . 
  ukraine never existed as an independent state before 1991 . 
  most of ukraine is territory given to it by russia or stolen from other countries ( poland , romania , slovakia ) 3 . 
  most ukrainians use russian for informal communication , even among those who claim their native language is ukrainian .
