  thanks for giving me such a good laugh . 
  america has been in decline for almost a decade now . 
  trump is only going to accelerate this trend , not reverse it . 
  yes , german automakers do sell a lot of cars in the us , but bric countries are where all the growth is . 
  if america wants to go the way of isolationism , be my guest , i 'll be happy when the world economy will move pass having to bear every fart that wall street pulls . 
  strache is a retard , even worse than hofer , it 's ridiculous people are taking him seriously . 
  i 'm guessing it was because renault was already well known in russia when they started selling the logan . 
  in south africa afaik dacias are sold as nissan , but they are a bit different than the original dacias . 
  if you drive 120 on a romanian motorway , even the trucks will pass you . 
  renault is considered a car for women only around here . 
  the fact that their logo looks like a vagina does n't help to change that perception ... 
  if the eu was n't run by retards and if it was n't for useful idiots like farage , le pen and other trying to sabotage it at every turn , the eu could very well have been a legit superpower that trump or putin could just insult without serious consequences . 
  no man , trump was n't just pretending to be an idiot , he actually is an idiot . 
  here in romania we had our own version of donald trump , named gigi becali , but luckily few people ever took him serious ( though he did manage to become an mep at some point ) . 
  at the height of his `` career '' he had almost a billion dollars and ambitions to become president , now he 's just a shell of his former self , as the system fucked him real hard ( he did deserve to be fucked , and he does deserve to be fucked even harder still ) . 
   what do you call someone who speaks one language ? 
   english . 
  let 's not exaggerate , there are way too many people who ca n't speak anything other than their mother tongue and in some cases they ca n't even speak that properly . 
  the article talks about russians and chinese , which are probably the worst example of bilingual people , as less than one in 10 russians is able to speak a foreign language in general , let alone english , and the situation is even worse in the case of the chinese . 
  of course , in a country with 140 million people and another with 1.5 billion , you will find many people who speak english , but only as an absolute number , as a percentage it is very low . 
  romania is a semi-presidential republic though , austria is just a parliamentary republic, 
  if one thing , at least the heavy snow reduced the number of illegally parked cars . 
   british workers do n't lose out to eastern europeans because of lack of skill but because eastern europeans are exploited by employers . 
  as they tend to be isolated and have less options available to them , they are more appealing to uncouth business owners and the sort . 
  might be true , but that 's definitely not the norm . 
  i 've worked two years in britain and never felt i was exploited . 
  discriminated against , for sure , but since i 'm not schmuck , i got a cool # 12.000 settlement from my last employer after i was fired because my asshole boss sabotaged me . 
  however i was definitely not exploited , nor worked for shady employers . 
  if i was able to get a normal job within 3 weeks of arriving in britain , i 'm sure any british person could , if they had the will to actually work . 
   the uk is the only empire to have produced long-term stable democracies with high living standards coincidentally , all those `` long-term stable democracies '' are full of white people , even though there were no white people there before . 
   why on earth should someone in their own country not have a superior chance of getting a job than someone from elsewhere when there is not a skills shortage ? 
  there is no justification . 
  as a business owner , if you came to me with this way of thinking , i would show you right out the door . 
  if you as someone born and raised in britain lose your job to an immigrant who barely speaks any english , has a very limited understanding of the british system , culture and customs and probably comes from a country which has an inferior education system , the problem is not the immigrant , nor the system , it 's you . 
  also , it 's very ironic how the british are the most vocal in europe when it comes to immigration , it 's almost like you guys forget how you colonized and raped half of the fucking world for centuries and took way more than their jobs . 
  also , when you want to cry out you want `` independence '' , please remind yourself of the number of countries who celebrate their independence from you . 
  is this like a fuck you to the germans ? 
  because , as far as i know , germans are by far the largest group of immigrants in austria . 
  nah man , hungarian nationalists get punished by [ these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp6eou8qdfy ), 
  that 's obviously photoshopped m8 . 
  `` also gerar and c\u0103rindar '' - i have never heard these terms before , probably some archaic terms , pretty sure if you said that no one would have any idea what you 're talking about . 
   everybody does 90 km/h there . 
  not everybody , if i had a dime for every idiot who drives under the speed limit for no reason ... 
  anyway , the point is , even though it 's not a we standards intersection , i do n't find it particularly dangerous . 
  it 's similar to some intersections on the exist from timisoara towards lugoj , people also drive like animals there and there are also the occasional idiot truck drivers who pull over randomly and block your view of incoming cars . 
  still , never felt particularly scared about those intersections , you get used to them and do n't crash if you are n't an idiot . 
  hmm , let 's see : 1 . 
  low voter turnout , only ~ 39 % of eligible voters actually voted 2 . 
  strong propaganda by the psd , targeting pensioners , public servants , welfare leeches and others by essentially bribing them with promises for higher pensions , wages , benefits payments etc. 
  extremely weak and divided opposition , consisting of : - the national liberal party , which was iohannis ' party , but since he is president , thus not allowed to be involved in party politics , the party was ran by adumb blonde , alina gorghiu , who has the iq of a dead fly and no ability to invoke any sort of emotion in potential voters other than sexual arousal ; - the save romania union , which is basically a party of hipsters nobody has ever heard of before and who have no common ideology other than `` cleaning up the old political class '' . 
  they even admitted the party would probably split after getting into parliament , as they have both right and left wingers ; - the popular movement party , which is a party of die hard basescu loyalists , basescu being probably the most hated political figure in romania 's history . 
  ciolos was a good technocrat , but he was no politician . 
  while the pnl and usr openly endorsed him , he never publicly endorsed any party . 
  he also did n't manage to get any love from public servants , as he blocked their pay raises in mid election campaign . 
  romania has many public servants , as well as pensioners and really these people do n't give a shit about economic growth that does n't reflect in their pockets . 
  they would vote for politicians who are corrupt , incompetent and suck the economy dry , as long as those politicians `` gift '' them with higher salaries , pensions , bonuses and whatnot . 
  the psd is exactly that group of politicians who shamelessly steal , but at the same time `` bribe '' these categories of people to keep voting for them . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/ztztid5 ) is what i get for around $ 20 basically . 
  lol , 1 day 4 hours , i often forget just how fucking huge scandinavia is . 
  i mean the highway . 
  the limit there is 50 km/h because it is in a built up area . 
  taxi drivers are crazy fucks , of course they do n't care about any speed limits . 
  well , that road was n't really necessary for that . 
  oradea is so close to the border , if you take a piss it probably ends up in hungary . 
  no but 99 % of people wo n't do 90 in 50 area , because the cops are constantly hiding in the bushes . 
  not google 's fault though , you banned it . 
  also , 2016 pic is not from street view . 
   how do you enter in this higway when peoples drive at 90 k/m ? 
  easy . 
  stop . 
  yield . 
  make a prayer . 
   it 's scary , especially when you 're in a taxi wich has no belts for backseat . 
  do n't worry , if someone hits you at 90 km/h , seatbelt or no seatbelt , you 're still going to hell either way . 
  btw , the speed limit for the road in your picture is 50 km/h , not 90 , as it is in the middle of otopeni . 
  unofficially postponed for until the migrant hordes end . 
  if romania and bulgaria were to join schengen , there would be absolutely nothing stoping migrants getting from greece to anywhere in europe , as greece is already in schengen . 
   why do i never hear about this amount of corruption from france or germany ? 
  do n't worry , there is lots of corruption in france and germany as well , they 're just more clever and less obvious . 
  for example , the whole gypsy deportation fiasco with sarkozy , as well as france blocking romania from schengen happened after romania did n't pick a french company to build two reactors at the cernavoda nuclear plant . 
  of course , the french will never admit that , but everyone knows they 're full of shit . 
   now this is not against romania , and of course it might not have worked like this nonono , it worked exactly like this . 
  pretty much all those upgrades were made by one company , selina , whose owner is very close friends with the mayor , to the point that he `` modernized '' some shops owned by the mayor , for `` free '' . 
  that picture is actually fake , they were taken seconds apart . 
  well , austria does n't seem to have a problem calling its language german , even though , in many areas , like burgenland for example , someone from germany would barely be able to understand anything . 
  anyway , it does n't have to be called serbian or croatian , or even serbo-croatian , it can be called yugoslavian or balkanic or something . 
  any name goes , as long as all the people who speak it agree to the obvious fact that it 's the same language . 
   romanians and roma are the same tho . 
  ehehehe romanian and roma languages are about as similar as english and hindi . 
   most new generations of croats ca n't / do n't read cirilics serbian is also written with latin letters and the fact that they can or ca n't read cyrillic is absolutely irrelevant , it 's just a writing system and can be learned in a couple of hours , max . 
   and also the vocab and grammar does differ vocab and grammar differs between different dialects of the same language as well . 
  i 'm sorry to say it , but most of this is the fault of the austrian government . 
  years before the migrant crisis were the gypsies who would hang around gas stations and steal stuff from your car when you were n't paying attention . 
  the austrian police did n't do anything then , it 's silly to think they would do anything now . 
  my uncle lives in an upscale part of vienna , in the 16 years he lived there , there were 3 break ins , all of them in the past year . 
  just this summer he caught a middle eastern guy trying to break into his house as he was coming back from work . 
  5 o'clock , plain daylight . 
  the police station is about 200 meters away from his house , so far they have n't caught anyone . 
   and their ethnicity ... is it ? 
  in most cases , i can tell apart a hungarian from a romanian , a pole from a german , a brit from swede , a greek from a turk , but fuck if i can tell apart a croat from a serb .
