  worse still , as soon as moldova would unite with romania , probably most of the working age people who could n't get a romanian passport until now would almost immediately move to work in other parts of romania or other eu countries , leaving only the old people and children in moldova , thus completely discouraging investors to touch the place ( not that they now have many incentives to invest there , but the union would make it even worse ) . 
  of course , the economy is only part of the problem , half of moldova 's population is very pro-russian . 
  there 's also tons of criminality , human trafficking , which is mentioned in the video , arms trafficking and much higher criminality than in romania in general . 
  also , last , but not least , there 's transnistria . 
  there 's no practical reason for the two countries to unite , except to satisfy nationalists , whom , as elsewhere in europe , are not especially bright people . 
  that 's 2,160 per year , not per month . 
  if we extrapolate your logic , you could say there 's no such thing as an undemocratic state , because millions of people could theoretically bring down even the most ruthless dictator or autocratic regime . 
  so if there are dictatorial regimes it automatically must mean the vast majority of people agree with them because otherwise they would bring them down , right ? 
  objectivelly looking at things , the uk political system is very outdated andi would say not at all compatible with what should be considered democratic standards . 
  of course there is choice , but is much more limited than in other countries . 
  the pm is by far the most powerful person in britain and should not have a chance to sit on the pm chair before being approved by parliament . 
  if britain was a truly democratic country , that is . 
  it shows a bunch of totally unprofessional retards who obviously have no idea what to do . 
  should n't have linked the video , it 's embarrassing . 
  it 's election year of course , got ta make the stupid people happy . 
   `` this is not a law against the banking system , but a reparatory piece of legislation for borrowers , '' social democrat chief liviu dragnea told deputies . 
  and who forced them to borrow ? 
  those borrowers are the kind of middle class people who have no understanding of the financial system ( or anything in the world around them for that matter ) who think they are smart and that they can make great deals . 
  they 're probably the exact same people as antivaxxers , who think they are smarter than doctors and believe whatever bullshit they read on the internet . 
  they saw the low interest rates and fell for it like a pile of sheep - they should pay for it , end of story . 
  well , hitler was n't stupid , he realized he ca n't go very far if he is against everyone . 
  he even made exceptions to his infamous `` race laws '' to account for reality , for example it was prohibited for german men to have relations with polish women , but when they realized wehrmacht soldiers were fucking polish women and getting stds they created brothels with strict hygiene requirements and sex with polish prostitutes was considered just a `` business transaction '' so it would n't fall under the race laws . 
  the thing is they should spy on people who might pose a threat to national security , not everyone , as it seems to be the trend . 
  the gchq is probably the most perverse of them all , they even have a facility to monitor and store ** all ** internet data that passes through the uk , this is some north korea level shit . 
  i 'm surprised people are so pissed at the uk 's contributions to the eu , but no brit seems to mind the government is wasting their own money to spy on them . 
   reunion with romania would be in its best interests . 
  i honestly hope that does n't happen . 
  it would be a disaster . 
   but transnistria really should be allowed to join russia if that happens . 
  that would be an even worse disaster than moldova uniting with romania , having an eastern border with russia is the last thing i would want for my country . 
  belarus wtf ? 
  de facto , moldova is n't a real country either . 
  it 's more like those african former colonies turned failed states . 
  they have no strong institutions , no strong patriotic feelings and the country is being depopulated at an alarming rate , not even comparable with ukraine , which is at war actually . 
  more than half of its working age population is either abroad , has a foreign passport ( like romanian or russian ) or is on the waiting list to obtain one . 
  you ca n't build a country with just senior citizens and young children . 
  once you have no human capital , it 's next to impossible to develop a country . 
  there 's absolutely no one who believes in transnistria as a country , not even it 's own leadership . 
  they openly admit they just want to join russia . 
  the feeling i get is that it 's just a shit show for the media . 
  the only border crossing that gets any attention is hegyeshalom , which is the main one between hungary and austria . 
  migrants can cross smaller ones like sopron with no questions asked . 
  of course the focus should be on external borders , but as you can see , people are acting like idiots , as always , thus are unable to cooperate properly . 
  closing the internal borders only creates problems as many businesses and jobs rely on easy cross border traffic . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  it 's not that bad tbh , last time i crossed from hungary into austria it was just a small crappy kiosk in the middle of the motorway with a couple of cops next to it who were waving everyone through . 
  the real border crossing which was used until 2007 is pretty desolate , almost falling apart , and it does n't look like they 're going to use it any time soon . 
  what about givi , is that bastard still alive ? 
  that 's interesting , when you 're poor and unemployed , typically no one wants to have sex with you , not even your own wife . 
  i guess things must be different when everyone else is unemployed as well . 
  so i 'm guessing you are knowledgeable of the prostitution industry in greece ... 
  that 's not a big deal , a taxi driver told me that a prostitute once had sex with him for a cup of coffee . 
  transnistria does n't exist . 
  it 's even more fake than belgium . 
  because of the gypsies . 
  i 'm serious . 
  and russia is the competing nightclub next door , which is owned by the mafia , and has its bouncers beat the shit out of anyone who is trying to leave and go to the eu club . 
   a friend of aleksandra and angelika mut leaving manchester minshull street crown court moons at the photographer judging by her appearance and attitude , i would say their friend seems very well integrated into british society . 
  well , the currency kinda went to shit , so you 'd expect them to want to raise prices . 
  i 'm obviously not saying that china is like france , i 'm just saying they 're easier to work with than russia . 
  it also helps that their farther away than russia . 
  hong kong has been part of china for almost 20 years now , it 's expected that they want to make changes so that hong kong integrates with china , whether the west likes it or not . 
  same goes for taiwan , i mean it 's not even recognized by most of the world . 
  well , the main problem with russia is that there 's too much power concentrated into one man 's hands . 
  in china for example , while xi jinping is extremely powerful by any sort of democratic standards , he is still not as powerful as putin is in russia and of course , it also helps a lot that he is much more reasonable than putin and prefers to make friends for the long run , rather than a ton of enemies and short lived friendships like putin does . 
  that 's why we can cooperate with china much better than with russia . 
  if russia was run by people who were just a bit more reasonable , i 'm sure we could work with them , even if they would n't want to join the eu ( and probably the eu would never want russia to join either , for obvious reasons ) . 
  yeah , but the chinese are not as short tempered as the russians . 
  they do n't constantly threaten to nuke shit , the chinese want to be in for the long run , so they prefer to make friends . 
  the russians , on the other hand , change their temper as often as the wind . 
  the obvious choice would be to isolate it from the world stage . 
  this is how the ussr collapsed , it simply reached a point where it could not achieve any form of economic development unless it cooperated with the west . 
  this time it should be a lot easier , since they do n't have as many countries on their side . 
  it has to be very gradual though , as they have nuclear weapons and shit . 
  i think it 's likely that post putin , they will eventually realize they have no other option but to play nice with europe and the us . 
   trading a lot with them so there 's interest in cooperation . 
  basically what we 've been doing for the past couple of decades or so . 
  obviously does n't work . 
  the result is that russian oligarchs who have a ton of money from shady sources ( i.e. 
  illegally privatized former state enterprises ) come to europe , buy a lot of shit and do business , while europeans have always had a hard time doing business in russia unless they sucked putin 's dick . 
  the result is that europe opened up to russia , but russia remained paranoid as always . 
   what do they to put them to sleep ? 
  drugs , obviously . 
  i think they generally give them an overdose of pentobarbital . 
  [ this ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5533/10775694346_fcc726c501_b.jpg ) is a picture of nyc taken around 1979 . 
  does n't look very vibrant either imho . 
   i do n't know ( and google gives me nothing ) , but something tells me fuji and kodak were maybe a bit better than whoever made film in ussr . 
  they were better , but you could obtain those in commie countries as well . 
  i do n't know why people think that in commie countries you could only get commie stuff . 
  you could get western stuff , it 's just that it was a lot more expensive and you could n't always get the latest and greatest . 
  also , if you purchased a camera in 1975 , for example , and in 1980 there were already much better cameras on the market , you were still stuck with that 1975 one , because you paid a small fortune for it . 
  but again , if you had the money , you could easily get your hands on western stuff . 
  my dad was obsessed with computers and still has a commodore 64 that he bought in the 80s stuffed in the attic . 
  he never told me how he got his hands on it , that shit probably costed as much as a new dacia . 
  do they use the internet/technology in general ? 
  do they know it is a product of globalism ? 
  do they know that countries which are not part of the global economy are typically called developing countries ? 
   standing up to the free traders/globalists is the most honourable of feats . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like his putting his life on the line or anything .
