  the model in the picture looks pretty healthy to me , would definitely tap her . 
  also , i do n't think it 's wrong to promote weight loss in a country where so many women ( and men for that matter ) are overweight and obese . 
  i was basing my comment on what / u/pm _ ur_kittens said , but ok , let 's assume she was indeed raped . 
  first of all , when you go to a country , especially one very different from what you are used to in the west , like qatar , you do some basic research . 
  i 'm sure if she did that basic research on the net , she would have known it 's probably not a good idea to report rape to qatari authorities , as they do n't have much sympathy for women . 
  secondly , let 's say she was n't a prostitute , only her friend was . 
  did it not occur to her at any time that going to qatar with her prostitute friend was n't the smartest idea ever ? 
  and lastly , after she was supposedly raped , why did n't she gtfo back to the netherlands ? 
  what , she thought qatari police/judges would be as sympathetic to her as dutch police/judges would be ? 
  to me , the rape story sounds very sketchy . 
  i think it 's more likely she had consensual sex , someone found out , reported to police , then she made up a story about how she was raped to escape a conviction for `` illicit sex '' or whatever they call it . 
  i obviously do n't support their idiotic laws , but their laws being idiotic is no excuse for westerners who go there to be stupid . 
  prostitution is legal in the netherlands , why did she have to go to qatar to do it ? 
  also , falsely accusing someone of rape is one of the most disgusting things a woman can do , it should be punished at least as harshly as rape itself imo . 
   you can have bessarabia in return . 
  now this changes the situation quite a bit . 
  when i first saw this case posted on / r/europe , i thought `` oh , qatar , what a shit hole '' , but if she changed her story like that and was also involved with prostitution , i think she got what she deserved . 
  most of these politicians are accused of embezzling state funds , not eu funds . 
  romania has quite a low absorption rate , at least compared to our neighbors . 
  per capita , we get about as much money as ireland . 
  secondly , anyone from the uk should remember that access to single market is much more important than its net contribution , which is not even 1 % of gdp . 
  ioan niculae , romania 's richest person , is currently serving time in prison . 
   fact is , most of those ` vacations ' are actually travels abroad for diplomatic reasons . 
  oh , and what kind of results have his visits given us ? 
  has germany given us the green light to join schengen ? 
  have canada and the us dropped visa requirements ? 
  please give me an example of one significant diplomatic progress romania has made which can be credited to iohannis . 
  he was taking pictures with erdogan at a time when everyone in europe is avoiding the guy like the plague , i 'm sure this gives iohannis a very positive image in europe / s. 
   he speaks when he should n't , and is quiet when he should n't . 
  i can think of one instance in which he was rightfully lambasted for speaking out of turn . 
  and for the rest , frankly i was tired of the standard set by the previous president who came out with reason or no reason on tv to regale us with his bullshit ` wisdom ' . 
  oh , really , here are some of his quotes : about king michael , 94 years old , diagnosed with metastatic cancer and chronic leukemia :  i wish the king will have the power to get over these difficult moments about the war in syria :  all the implicated sides must be brought to the negotiations table and then solutions will be found . 
  about the romanian army :  the romanian army is a good ambassador of our country about teachers and access to technology  access to technology and information makes teachers ' jobs easier , but also more complicated at the same time . 
  about education reform :  all these problems take us , certainly , to the idea of the need for a new reform , but reforms have been done . 
  reforms have been done year after year , yet the same problems remained . 
  for this reason , today i want to propose a different approach . 
  today , i propose to begin , through a large public consultation , a new reform in education . 
  many other such examples could be given . 
   his popularity is waning . 
  this is factually wrong . 
  his popularity/approval was 60 % last year in december . 
  oh , yeah , because opinion polls are so legit and accurate . 
  if he is so popular , why did the pnl have such embarrassing results at the local elections ? 
  even voices inside the pnl are claiming he 's dragging them down . 
  sure , the pnl has bigger problems than iohannis , but he 's not helping them , either . 
  which party do you think will nominate him for the 2019 elections ? 
  because , as it looks now , most likely no one . 
  paywall . 
  schengen has nothing to do with it . 
  schengen is about customs and border controls , not freedom of movement . 
  you can move and work in any eu country you like , plus some other non-eu countries like norway , iceland and switzerland . 
  of course , if britain leaves the eu this will likely change . 
  klaus iohannis is probably the most incompetent president we 've ever had . 
  he always seems to be on some kind of vacation , and during the rare occasions he does open his mouth , it 's like he has no idea about what he 's supposed to be talking about . 
  considered a friend of merkel , he had been incapable of even making germany reconsider its position about allowing romania to join schengen . 
  at this point , even most of his die-hard fans have abandoned him . 
  if he died tomorrow , i do n't think anyone would notice for an entire month . 
  he had a lot of potential , completely wasted it . 
  i 'm starting to think this whole presidency was his personal ambition to feel more important . 
  his chances of being reelected in 2019 are pretty much close to zero . 
   third , you ca n't write a post trying to convince me without providing any sources to any of your claims . 
  i 'd be glad to be convinced by you if given sources , obviously . 
  ok , you want sources , no problem . 
  [ skip to 3:30 if you want to see how much cash that `` poor beggar '' made in one day ] ( http://romaniateiubesc.stirileprotv.ro/emisiuni/2015/sezonul-2/cum-strang-bani-cersetorii-romani-in-tarile-scandinave-gratare-in-parcurile-din-stockholm-vile-in-tara-lor.html ) [ here 's another one ] ( http://www.reteauadestiri.ro/suedia-noul-paradis-al-cersetorilor-romani-strainii-au-ramas-socati-cand-au-vazut-palatele-ridicate-de-tigani/ )  the swedish authorities have sent a delegation to romania to see who are the romanians who invade their country . 
  they were shocked when they saw that the money earned through begging and other activities , more or less legal , they have built palaces and have luxury cars sitting in front of them . 
  ok , now back to your question :  and the question is legit : given many politicians in romania are being prosecuted , will a new government provide a new solution to the problem ? 
  stricter laws , more funding for education for their children etc etc. 
  the fact that you go defensive off the bat says more about you than me . 
  the fact that politicians are being prosecuted is completely unrelated . 
  there is a lot of money being thrown at them , every single high school and university has special places for gypsies , but they remain vacant most of the time . 
  you ca n't force someone to go to high school or university if they do n't want to . 
  fyi , [ this is the guy in picture 7 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n2ipiiu.jpg ) ( nsfw ), 
  let me guess , sweden , right ? 
  well , mr. swedish guy , if you truly want to understand what 's up with all the gypsy beggars in your country , you must first understand that everything your media and government have told you about them is complete and utter bullshit . 
  first of all , you must understand that these people do n't go to sweden out of desperation . 
  they are part of organized crime rings that work similar to prostitution and drug dealing networks . 
  their tactics were developed in romania in 90s and they are all well known to romanian authorities , but some western countries , especially yours , seem completely oblivious and taken by surprise , and for some reason they do n't want to sit down and listen to the fucking experts . 
  the thing is , none of the beggars you see on the streets are there by chance . 
  they have been assigned a spot by their bosses and they are paying for it . 
  if you see them with small children , there 's a big chance they are n't even their own children , but are children assigned to them in order to gain more sympathy . 
  the children are often drugged so that they do n't cry . 
  using visible or even fake handicaps is also a common tactic . 
  these people are pros , they know exactly what to do to make money . 
  secondly , you have to understand they make way more money than you think . 
  this is not a conspiracy theory , it has been proven time and time again . 
  there was a romanian news team that went to sweden to talk with the beggars and one of them even pulled a large lump of cash from his pocket and showed it to the journalists . 
  now , of course , you may wonder , `` if they make so much money , why do they live in makeshift camps with no basic utilities ? '' . 
  well , that 's simple , it 's because they do n't spend the money they make in sweden . 
  the money goes back to romania , where huge palaces [ like this ] ( http://cdn05.voceatransilvaniei.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/vila-iti.jpg ) are built and remain uninhabited most of the time , except in august , when they come back to romania to have their flamboyant weddings ( [ here is an example of such a wedding ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfhyiyh8qe ) ) . 
  so , you see my friend , the problem is not that the romanian government does n't `` help '' them , the problem is that your government views them as desperate people instead of the criminals they are . 
  nope , the current government is technocratic , it has no future , therefore no interest in `` taking out their rivals '' . 
  also , the dna has been doing this for a few years now , they have snatched many politicians straight from power . 
  it 's also not just politicians , but anyone who is corrupt is being snatched , including government employees , police officers , customs officials , doctors etc. 
  nope , i do n't think we even have professional hitmen , only the moldovans do , but theirs are rather incompetent . 
  there was a recent case about some former mossad agents who made threatening calls to the head of the dna , but they were caught rather quickly and only managed to embarrass themselves . 
  romanian politicians simply do n't have the connections to hire professional hitmen , because they 're used to just bribing their way out of trouble . 
  most of them have been running this country for the past two decades , do you expect their arrogance to simply fade away after they 're in cuffs . 
  even so , they still win at the end of the day , a few years in prison is small price to pay for getting to live like a king . 
  even after they are released , they still manage to live comfortable lives , because only part of the money can be recovered , those stored in offshores or transferred to family/friends are harder to recover . 
  changes ca n't happen overnight , currently there 's no legit alternatives for the old guard and people 55 and over still vote for those corrupt fucks and younger people do n't vote , because they do n't have who to vote .
