  they are consistently at or very near the top in most metrics and always in the same league as similarly priced phones in every other metric . 
  also , since app developers do n't have to worry about all the differences between a bazillion manufacturers , all apps run smoothly on every iphone newer than 2 years . 
  you can bash apple for a lot of things , but hardware is n't one of them . 
  there 's nothing illegal here . 
  apple stores your personal and credit card info because it 's required to be able to make itunes purchases . 
  you essentially provide apple with that information by literally typing it in , it 's not like apple is stealing your personal data without your permission . 
  courts can then subpoena apple just like any other company and get that info if they believe it to be related to a criminal investigation . 
  this is the norm in every country in the world , including the eu , the only thing being that most of these internet companies are based in the us , thus subject to us jurisdiction . 
  google , facebook and pretty much every other internet company are providing information to le agencies in the exact same way . 
  ah the good ol' comparing digital goods to physical ones . 
  if i had $ 1 every time i heard this argument , i would be rich . 
  the thing is that this argument crumbles as soon as you realize goods with finite supply ( houses , cars , computers , phones etc. ), 
  are not comparable with goods that have an infinite supply ( digital goods ) . 
  every digital good is , at its core , nothing more than a bunch of 1s and 0s that can be copied an infinite number of times at no cost to its owner . 
  making people pay for digital goods is basically like making people who have already bought solar panels pay for every kw of electricity they get . 
   edit : btw fuck apple for handing over tirm 's information to the feds . 
  it 's not like they had a choice in the matter . 
  apple has always provided information requested by le , as required by law . 
  the san bernardino case was the exception , because the fbi was overreaching and actually asked apple to write malicious code to break the phone and obtain data that not even apple itself had access to . 
  this would have had potential adverse effects on apple 's business . 
  it 's basically like a company which makes safes and markets them as unbreakable . 
  if le asks them to provide information on who bought a specific safe , sure , no problem , but if it asks that company to break a specific safe , it 's a completely different thing . 
  also , facebook provided data to the feds as well , that 's how they were able to correlate the ip addresses . 
  the only one who is to blame here is the dude himself , you should never use the same ip or computer to do both legit as well as illegal stuff . 
  with all the money he was making , one would think he would be able to afford multiple devices and vpn subscriptions . 
   no , a real democracy simply means you get to elect the people in power . 
  the word democracy means something along the lines of power to the people . 
  if the people you get to choose between are all backed by more or less the same people the people 's power is greatly diminished . 
  in theory anyone can run for congress or president , but in reality you need to have someone who can finance you and those people who finance you have their own interests . 
  before you know it , even if you get into a position of power , you will still be just a puppet for those people who actually run the show without anyone giving them any sort of democratic mandate . 
  exactly , this fight has been going on for a long time , but it has n't really prevented anyone from downloading copyrighted content . 
  the big problem however is that these kinds of crackdowns discourage well intentioned people from running such websites and this is starting to favor the more unscrupulous types , who serve malicious ads and torrents infected with rats or ransomware . 
  closed trackers are fortunately very well curated , however they it 's difficult to get an account with one , because they obviously do n't like to attract to much attention . 
   or maybe they 're not stupid enough to pretend that the internet is not a completely public space . 
  even if it 's not a completely public space , that does n't give companies the right to aggressively mine any sort of personal data they can get their hands on . 
   you would n't expect privacy in the middle of a park on a saturday evening ... why would you expect it on the internet ? 
  i also do n't expect anyone to aggressively follow me around and write notes about me in a park , be it public or private , that would be called harassment . 
  it 's different . 
  apple has access to stuff stored on its servers and the fbi can simply subpoena them for that information . 
  in the san bernardino case , it was a problem that apple did not have access to data stored on that phone and the fbi was asking it to play hacker and have its engineers work on a malicious software update that would break the security of that phone . 
  they are . 
  in a real democracy , the interests of the people precedes the interests of corporations . 
  sure , sometimes the interests of the people might overlap with the interests of big corporations , but that 's rather rare . 
  in the us and increasingly other countries , this is turning around completely . 
  sure , there 's corporate propaganda , which sometimes works in brainwashing people that something is good for them when in reality it is n't , but even if propaganda does n't work and people are at odds with the corporations , the corporations generally win . 
  if trump becomes president , he will either get assassinated or ww3 will start thanks to his stupidity . 
  it 's scary so many people would vote for this clown . 
  in romania we have filelist.ro , which has pretty much every movie or series out there without any voiceovers , but it 's next to impossible to create a new account these days . 
  it used to be invite only , if you had a good ratio you would get invites to send to other people , but now only vip ( paying members ) can send out invitations . 
  us proving once again it 's not a democracy , but a corporatocracy . 
  imagine if they devoted themselves as much to fight human trafficking , as they are devoted to serving the mpaas interests . 
  well , too bad human trafficking victims do n't afford to lobby . 
  torrents are not copyrighted material , they 're just a bunch of hashes . 
   councillor nathan was obviously joking . 
  it 's just a prank , bro !, 
  if they were n't far right , they would have sacked this guy immediately after he made those comments . 
  it 's not the first time ukip representatives make outrageous comments , but they never get sacked , the party leadership always comes with some lousy bullshit about how they were taken out of context , how they did n't mean to say that or how they were joking . 
  now , if someone actually starts killing remain supporters will this douche take responsibility for it ? 
  i doubt it . 
  well , the point is that moldovan wholesalers were pretty stupid to buy from this guy instead of buying directly from turkey , it does n't make any sense imho . 
  well , to be fair now , vlad would make erdogan 's purges look like the work of an amateur . 
  yeah , i know a guy who made a lot of money importing bananas from turkey and then exporting them to moldova at a higher price . 
  50.000 is like a big stadium worth of people . 
  those groups are probably forming already , it 's just that it 's tougher for them because european intelligence services keep one eye on the muslims and 100 eyes on the far-right groups . 
  they also do n't have a bastion like syria from where to launch their propaganda without getting caught . 
  it 's not about german efficiency , it 's about merkel 's idiotic policy to allow everyone in without a minimum of security measures . 
  they do n't know their age or where they come from , yet they let them roam freely on german streets . 
  belgium should focus on becoming a real country itself before trying to exercise power over others . 
  france is now basically the israel of europe , but with a much less competent government . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't just shift the presidency by 6 months , so after malta 's term simply comes estonia as normal and then continue to the countries that were next in place ? 
  anyway , i do n't understand why does the presidency of the council even matters that much , it 's not like slovakia or malta get to run the eu for six months , the power still remains mostly to the big players ( esp . 
  germany ) and the european council . 
  at the 1999 osce summit in istanbul , russia signed an agreement to pull out its troops out of transnistria by 2002 . 
  it was even ratified by the russian parliament . 
  they pulled out some artillery and other heavy weapons , then putin and other russian officials went into their usual bullshit mode about why they ca n't retreat their troops just yet . 
  one of the bullshit reasons was that the russian army was needed to protect the cobasna weapons depot before they pull out all the weapons there , which is a blatant lie , because they didnt pull out any weapons from there , nor are they protecting that shit , as moldovan gangsters sell rifles and rpgs from the depot like it 's fucking candy , [ including to journalists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajeaxk3xhaw ) and a lot of those weapons end up in , you guessed it , ukraine . 
  speaking of ukraine , the conflict there is the latest bullshit reason why russia claims it ca n't pull out its troops . 
  there 's no point in negotiating with the separatists , who are a bunch of nobodies kept on tight leash by the kremlin , nor is there a point in negotiating with the russian leadership , who has always been scummy and never kept its promises or respected the treaties it signed . 
  moldova has also been `` negotiating '' with russia for 23 years to pull its troops out of transnistria , it made several promises but never kept them . 
  the only way to get anything from the russian leadership is to squeeze them by the balls until it hurts , just like vietnam did with the us or afghanistan with the su . 
  i 'd love to see how much russia would negotiate if one of its federal subjects would try to secede ... 
  what the fuck is with the frenzy behind this retarded game ? 
  muggings , dead bodies , child predators , people falling off cliffs , being shot at and now fucking landmines ? 
  this shit should be fucking illegal , it 's only a matter of time until someone ends up fucking dead . 
  [ we 're closing in on that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wx2e6us.jpg ), 
  i mean it 's debatable , both were evil as fuck and both are very close to the title of history 's biggest asshole . 
  judging by numbers , stalin probably killed more people , but he was more rudimentary , hitler was more calculated in his killings , he basically created an industrial killing machine that was pretty much kept secret until towards the end of the war when the allies began discovering the extermination camps . 
   i ca n't wait for the godwin law to switch focus on akp/erdogan well , to be fair , both erdogan and putin bear some similarity to hitler . 
  obviously , hitler is the extreme of extremes , but both of these leaders borrowed some concepts initially used by him . 
  no matter if your pro or anti-eu , you have to admit it 's gon na collapse without some serious , massive reforms . 
  it simply ca n't go on with people like merkel , juncker , hollande and timmermans at its helm . 
  the only sane person atm seems to be tusk . 
  just to add some context :  in democracy hoppe describes a fully libertarian society of `` covenant communities '' made up of residents who have signed an agreement defining the nature of that community . 
  hoppe writes `` there would be little or no ` tolerance ' and ` openmindedness ' so dear to left-libertarians . 
  instead , one would be on the right path toward restoring the freedom of association and exclusion implied in the institution of private property '' . 
  hoppe writes that towns and villages could have warning signs saying `` no beggars , bums , or homeless , but also no homosexuals , drug users , jews , moslems , germans , or zulus '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-hermann_hoppe ), 
  unfortunately , at least in europe , it 's much more likely that the criminal has a fucking ak , while the law abiding citizen faces restrictions even when trying to buy pepper spray . 
  yeah , it 's probably old people who were brought in during the soviet era ( i say brought in because back then it was n't really up to the individual to choose where they would live ) . 
  it 's the same reason pretty much every post soviet country has a relatively high number of foreign born populations , it 's not like they are attractive immigrant destinations .
