  well , there would be many differences , but one of the most obvious would be with housing and real estate . 
  in capitalist countries , rent and real estate prices are determined by the market and they can get super expensive . 
  all of this counts into gdp . 
  in purely communist countries , you do n't pay rent and ca n't own real estate in theory , as everything is owned by the state . 
  you also do n't pay rent in the traditional sense , as the state would determine where you work and give you an apartment , so you 'd only pay for utilities , maintenance and maybe some symbolic rent . 
  other prices were kept artificially low , like gas and food , so that 's why you had long bread lines in countries like romania in the 80s and you could only buy a certain maximum amount of gas for your car ( no matter how much money you had ) . 
  wait , they stamp your passport in the eu ? 
  i just travel with my id card , never get any stamps . 
   with every street just being bookies , pawn shops , pubs and pharmacists so junkies can get their methadone . 
  that sounds like romania , except for the junkies parts , but we still do have a lot of pharmacies . 
  so you probably need to leave , work in business or finance for a couple of years or run your own business there ( legit , not ghost company ) and then come back . 
  obviously , there will be people who will try to cheat the system , no question about it , but this is obviously not aimed at the average gigel who shovels shit in london . 
   i have the impression that eu has a lot of this kind of programs , i wonder how efficient are they compared to private investment . 
  and if they are not meant for efficiency , but for giving `` incentives '' the 600 romanians who might repatriate out of 3-4 millions outside of the borders is an insignificant drop in the ocean . 
  from what i understand , this is primarily aimed at romanians who have some business experience in the west , to provide them with an incentive to put their skills to good use here . 
  i doubt anyone is expecting that this program alone is going to bring back a ton of romanians and let 's be honest , the government would n't even want the less successful ones to come back , as they are better off working in the west and sending remittances than coming here and sitting on their ass all day . 
  i wonder what would have happened if they just came each with 3 bodyguards . 
  then the nauruan police would be outnumbered 3 to 1 , they would just have to surrender . 
  other than the classic controls that apply to eu funds , no . 
  some money will inevitably get stolen . 
  some will get caught , others will get away with it . 
  in the end , what matters is if this program as a whole will be beneficial for the economy or not . 
   should n't it have been possible ( at least before the ukrainian crisis ) to reach some kind of consensus with bucharest , brussels and moscow on certain basic national priorities ? 
  i assume nobody would oppose a fight against corruption , a reform of education and similar vital but non-controversial issues . 
  you are very naive if you think russia would ever support a fight against corruption or any form of economic development in moldova at all . 
  a poor and corrupt moldova is their ideal moldova , as it wo n't ever be allowed to join the eu or nato and they can easily buy off or blackmail moldovan politicians . 
  it would be interesting how driverless cars would do in romania , with crazy drivers , huge unmarked potholes , road signs covered by bushes etc. 
  they seem to be doing well in the us , with a few tweaks could probably work in western europe as well , but eastern europe , asia and north africa will be the real challenge . 
  it takes like an entire month to register a vehicle in bucharest ( as this tank is ) . 
  with the amount of paperwork required they would probably know if it had heated seats or not . 
  not moldovan , but i have moldovan friends and have been to moldova . 
   how is it with russian today in moldova ? 
  how many people learn it , how many understand russian ? 
  russian is taught from the second grade in pretty much every school . 
  as in a practical sense , almost all people over 20 speak it fluently , and ethnic russians and gagauz ( sometimes ukrainians also ) often refuse to speak romanian , even though most understand it . 
  among people younger than 20 , there are some who barely speak any russian ( i met 3 ) , but many still do . 
   tv stations in russian , newspapers ? 
  full of them . 
   obviously english , but is also french more popular language in moldova than russian ? 
  english speakers are rare , i would say probably not more than 10 % of the younger generation can speak english fluently and probably 2-3 % of the older generation . 
  there are probably more who can speak some english , but the majority ca n't speak or understand almost any english . 
  regarding french , i do n't know , but there might be more french speakers than english speakers as french was a more popular language in the ussr than english , at least afaik . 
   so if gagauz , , gypsy and bulgarian meet what language do they use for communication ? 
  most gagauz barely speak any romanian , honestly , i 'm not sure many can even speak their own language , as i only heard them talk in russian . 
  when a moldovan speaks with a russian or ukrainian , 90 % of the time it 's in russian , but some do speak romanian , and to be fair , there are quite a few ethnic russians who are pro-unification , even if it 's just for economic/financial reasons . 
  i would n't be so sure about it . 
  one of my childhood friends work for the romanian intelligence service and along with the fsb they are the only two intelligence services doing real work in moldova ( the moldovan intelligence service is a joke which only serves the interests of politicians and oligarchs , his words , not mine ) . 
  the last time we spoke was in late 2014 , when the ukrainian war was in full swing . 
  he told me the moldovan border service was catching and deporting lots of young russian men coming into moldova with military uniforms ( no markings , same as in ukraine ) , but the moldovan government never went public with any of this ( obviously it would have created mass panic ) . 
  however , in 2015 , they arrested a group of 12 ( local ) men in balti who wanted to start a paramilitary force to take over institutions and destabilize the north of the country . 
  so it 's clear that russia is taking a particular interest in moldova and it 's likely that they might be just waiting for the next opportunity ( political instability or some `` revolution '' ) to act . 
  there 's also no question that russia did play an important role in the mass protests in chisinau at the start of this year . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  presidential elections are coming soon and igor dodon , a prominent putin cocksucker is leading the polls with 18 % . 
  the most powerful pro-romanian candidate , maia sandu , educated at a harvard , is second at around 11 % . 
  however , pro-russian gangster renato usatii is a close third at around 9 % . 
  so depending on how the campaign will go , how much votes will each candidate cannibalize from other pro-eu or pro-russian candidates , we might see a second round with two pro-russian candidates ( dodon and usatii ) , in which case dodn would most certainly win . 
  however , there 's no chance at a second round with two pro-eu candidates , as dodon is pretty much guaranteed to end up in the second round , as his party is having a field day with all the corruption scandals engulfing the current pro-eu government . 
  so he might still win even against sandu , depending on how large the turnout will be , and not only in moldova , but also in romania , italy and russia ( if turnout will be high in italy and romania it will help sandu , if it will be high in russia it will help dodon ) . 
   that 's why a hypothetical union could be the last chance for simple , unskilled people who can not emigrate easily . 
  well , at least you have some crappy artists that make songs like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv5xmgidrxa ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fjaqs8n3oy ) calling for people to come back , but not telling them what they should actually do when they come back . 
  because , as with all former soviet countries , putin sees moldova as russia 's backyard . 
  in the 20th century , the ussr used the classic divide et impera strategy , so they invented moldovenism , a concept that moldovans are actually different from romania , they are more slavic and speak a different language . 
  today , almost all the supporters of moldovenism are pro-russian ( with the rest being just useful idiots ) and there 's quite a lot of them . 
  this moldovenism myth is very important for russia , as by definition it implies a connection between moldovans and russians , in the same way australians feel a connection with britain , but with the difference being that australins ' connection to britain has a solid historical foundation , while moldovan connection to russia is mainly based on bullshit . 
  of course , bullshit is very fragile and must be continually reinforced with propaganda . 
  the term `` moldovan language '' has already been purged for pretty much every official document in the last 25 years and the moldovan constitution is the last bit the pro-russians can still hang on to . 
  if the term would be removed from the constitution , they would lose one of their main propaganda tools , which would obviously anger putin . 
  he would also see it as a step towards the reunification between moldova and romania , which is really the last thing he wants to see . 
  russia has so little influence and popularity in romania , that if moldova was to unite with romania they would lose their influence there as well . 
  in fact , probably the only country that hates russia more than romania is poland . 
  russia is much less popular in romania than it is even in the us . 
  pretty much all of our political leaders ( president , government , majority of parliament ) fully support eu sanctions on russia and would likely agree to further sanctions if needed . 
   particularly at borders . 
  yeah , that 's why i avoid smaller borders when crossing into hungary . 
  at the big border on the motorway , there 's surveillance everywhere the cops do n't have the guts to risk it . 
  but at smaller posts , they just station a police car 100m away from the border , ready to rip you off with smiles on their faces . 
  they most likely wanted a bribe , but i made it clear from the start they would n't see shit from me . 
  they like romanian drivers because they make tons of money from bribes and their stupid expensive matrica . 
  well , there was a lot of brainwashing in moldova as well , pretty much everyone who supported romania openly after ww2 got either killed or sent to the gulags . 
  they lost all of their intellectuals and the soviets came in to fill the void , thus moldovenism was born . 
  he 's good at multitasking though . 
  he manages to deal with syria , ukraine , political dissidents and propaganda aimed at western countries ( via sponsoring far right politicians , rt , social media and a whole bunch of shady websites in almost every language ) all at the same time . 
  maybe the lyrics are exaggerated , but they are 100 % intelligible to a moldovan , am i wrong ? 
  also , let 's be honest , words like caroce , prosta , drug , bratan are pretty common , as are russian curse words . 
  putin wo n't like it though . 
  imo , this whole identity crap is the thing that kept moldova from developing in the first place . 
  the people are split in half , some pro-russian and some pro-european . 
  this prevents the country from being able to set any long term objectives as you never know who the next government will work with ( moscow or bucharest/brussels ) . 
  but this is increasingly starting to look more like a hoax , the debate being used on stage by politicians while in the backstage they are stealing like there 's no tomorrow . 
  i think radu banciu was right when he said there ca n't be a union between romania and moldova because moldovan politicians , pro-european or otherwise , wo n't ever give up their slice of the pie . 
  they are gods there , they can steal as much as they want , if they were to unite with romania or join the eu that wo n't be possible anymore . 
  well , by the way they were acting , i was almost expecting them to say `` jude , schieben das auto ! '', 
  i know it depends from person to person how they talk , but how much from [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taj4whnfwck ) are you able to understand ? 
  a moldovan would understand 100 % . 
  are you telling me you never heard a moldovan starting a phrase in romanian and finishing it in russian ? 
  you have n't heard enough moldovans talk with each other then . 
  caroce , prosta , dvor , harbuz , rasarita , mentii are words used by pretty much every moldovan . 
  fucking hungarian police wanted to fine me because my car broke down even though i did have a warning triangle and fluorescent vest and all . 
  they made me push my car 300m in soaring heat to the nearest rest area .
