  they wanted to adopt the russian ruble a few years ago , but they changed their minds when it went to shit . 
  most of transnistria 's trade is with the eu nowadays , it 's unlikely that plan will be brought back from the dead . 
  well , it 's not like wearing a hijab would get you assaulted or anything , but people tend to have an inherent distrust of muslims around here , you know , with all the terrorism going on . 
  we have an indigenous muslim population in dobrogea , but they 're mostly like weekend muslims . 
  there are also quite a few syrians , mostly in bucharest in timisoara , but i do n't think i 've seen syrian women wearing hijabs . 
  arab women from other countries often do wear hijabs , but people avoid interacting with them ( unlike with the syrians , which are fine ) . 
  burqas and niqabs are extremely rare , i 've only seen one in romania in my entire life and the person wearing it attracted quite a lot of not so positive attention . 
  wearing a burqa or niqab would make people suspicious as fuck , but wearing a hijab would also make people hesitant to interact with you . 
  11.3 rubles = 1 usd, 
  oh , yeah , vaslui , the poorest county in romania , with a gdp per capita less than 50 % of the national average , great example . 
  for most romanians , vaslui itself is an example of extreme poverty , but even so , it has more than double the gdp per capita of transnistria . 
  if we 're going to nitpick like this , i 'm sure we can find areas in western europe which are poorer than romania . 
   that 's pretty interesting , i wonder if we will likely see a unified moldova and romania in our lifetimes . 
  i do n't know , many things can happen in a lifetime . 
  on a more reasonable scale , like in the next 20 years , i do n't see it happening . 
   i wonder how that would effect transistria ? 
  the ideal scenario would be to make a population exchange , pro-romanian people from transnistria ( yes , there are quite a few , but are silenced and persecuted by the so-called government ) should be moved to romania and then transnistria given to ukraine . 
  romania would n't need/want transnistria , it was never romanian to begin with , moldova would be enough of a headache on its own , and the dniester river would make for an easier border to control . 
  see , and the ukip people keep claiming that romania and britain have nothing in common . 
  oh , really ? 
  there are 3 pro-russian political parties in the moldovan parliament , how many pro-eu parties are in the transnistrian one ? 
  also , can you tell me a single democratic country where one corporation ( sheriff ) controls everything from gas stations , supermarkets to telephony and internet access ? 
  until recently , romania and europe in general seemed very far away from the average moldovan 's point of view . 
  they needed visas to come to romania and more importantly , show that they have at least $ 500 to support themselves while in romania . 
  $ 500 was an astronomically large sum of money for people living in a country where the average wage was about $ 90 per month at the time . 
  since romania started giving romanian citizenship to moldovans and since the eu dropped visa requirements for moldovans back in 2014 , a lot has changed . 
  in the 2004 census , for example , only 2 % of moldovans declared themselves as ethnic romanians , in 2014 , the number jumped to something like 23 % . 
  well , from a pragmatic point of view , moldova is n't a much better option . 
  moldova is just as poor as transnistria . 
  while it certainly is more democratic than transnistria , its institutions so weak , the entire country is like a deck of cards . 
  all it would take would be for the psrm or the partidul nostru to come to power and you could wave bye-bye to moldovan democracy . 
  and these are not fringe parties , the psrm is the largest party in the moldovan parliament and renato usatiy , the head of partidul nostru , a gangster turned politician , is also very popular . 
  what vibe , everyone is talking about poverty and leaving the damn place ? 
  it 's a state run by the mafia with zero opportunities for the vast majority of people . 
  also , did n't you notice they do n't really say bad things about their `` government '' ? 
  yeah , that 's because freedom of speech ( in addition to other freedoms ) are severely limited in transnistria and i would n't be surprised if the people who appeared in this film were visited by the kgb ( yes , it 's still called kgb in transnistria ) soon after and asked as to what exactly they said . 
  they 're education system has n't changed at all from soviet times and their [ news bulletins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rpaey-btng ) are complete joke . 
  heck , the entire `` country '' is a complete joke . 
  what a shithole !, 
  finally !, 
  he better prepare by buying lots of lube for when he gets to see the dungeon . 
  yeah , we drink that too , we call it \u0219pri\u021b . 
  never heard anyone around here mixing wine with coke . 
  some people like to mix wine with sparkling water , but not coke . 
  we mix whiskey with coke and stupid kids mix vodka with red bull . 
   milk is good for breakfast and during lunch . 
  do n't worry , coffee , beer and wine are for grown ups . 
  the reason i called trump a populist is because promises stuff that appeals to less educated people , who do n't understand that the things he promises ca n't be realized at all , or ca n't be realized without tremendous costs . 
  the reason i compared trump with ponta is that they both love to lie . 
  [ politifact ] ( http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ ) rates the vast majority of trump 's statements as varying degrees of false , and only 8 % as true or mostly true . 
  just like ponta , trump is full of shit , but that 's where the similarities end , because ponta was much more reasonable than trump . 
   i would n't even compare trump to ponta because he does n't promise those unrealizable things.strenghtening your borders is n't something difficult to do ( compared to the opposites ) , but rather a thing that takes guts , since you wo n't get the money of lobbyists ( thing he surely would like to do now , he lost more money in this campaign than he gained for sure ) from wall-street who seek profits from international businesses , a stricter border policy would only contradict these kinds of businesses . 
  wow , let 's take it step by step . 
  building a fucking wall along the border with mexico would not only cost many billions to build , but it would also cost many more billions to maintain and actually defend , because you know , those mexican drug traffickers and human smugglers love to build tunnels and use ladders and stuff . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg when you look at what would cost to deport millions of illegals and the disastrous impact it would have on the us economy . 
  if trump was to actually fulfill his promises ( which i doubt he would ) , america would basically be thrown back into the fucking 30s . 
   he lost more money in this campaign than he gained for sure [ did he ? 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/05/trumps-self-funding-lie/482691/ ), 
  yeah , but still , border crossings stay on record , imagine if you did some shit in ukraine and they 'd found out how you crossed . 
  that border guard would likely be in deep shit with his bosses then . 
  imagine trying to enter israel with a bunch of iranian stamps on your passport , or azerbaijan with armenian stamps , do you think they 'd let you in ? 
  well , when you embezzle millions of euros you will eventually still have to pay some taxes on it , because you would need to launder all that money before you could spend it . 
   anyway , regarding the panama papers , i do n't get how politicians can be millionaires from their salary . 
  to be fair , people who become politicians are typically well off before they become politicians , because people who get elected/appointed generally do n't come off the streets . 
  the problem is when you have politicians who were poor/middle class when they got elected but amassed fortunes during their terms . 
  a good example is adrian nastase , he was n't exactly poor when he became a politician , but i 'm pretty sure he does n't have a logical explanation of how he got that airport terminal sized mansion of his without stealing . 
  i doubt the no-exceptions abortion ban will pass . 
  there are tons of idiotic laws being submitted in every parliament all over the world , but very few actually pass . 
  even so , considering the worst case scenario , what exactly would stop polish women from traveling to neighboring countries to have abortions ? 
  unless you are driving to some really remote village , you should be fine . 
  there still are some occasional potholes ( ca n't remember the last time i actually hit one ) , some construction here and there and some really crappy railroad crossings ( i think railroad crossings are the responsibility of the railroad company , which is kind of bankrupt , this should explain why they are able to fix the roads but not the crossings ) , but in general the roads are quite smooth . 
  sorry mate , but if i was a border guard there , i would have turned you back . 
  a russian speaking swiss national with a bunch of russian visas coming in from an illegal , pro-russian , breakaway region raises a ton of red flags , hope you understand that . 
  it makes the `` entering ukraine on foreign passports really has become a bit of a lottery '' argument a bit of a stretch , to say the least . 
  in romania , voting fraud is usually estimated to be around 10 % . 
  the thing is , all parties do it , so it does n't usually matter . 
  however , in cases like this , where the result is so close , voting fraud can basically determine the result . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fine , i 'm just saying that the impression that romania is some kind of corrupt shit hole while western businessmen and politicians are honest is completely wrong . 
  they are just as corrupt , they are just better at hiding it and invest more effort into appearing honest . 
   also panama is about tax evasion not corruption/stealing from the state budget . 
  what difference does it make if you embezzle $ 1 million from the state budget or if you do n't pay $ 1 million in tax ? 
  the state still loses $ 1 million both ways , the impact of the crime is the same . 
  romania is generally a very welcoming country , not only to eu people , but to all people who respect our values . 
  we have many people , both from eu countries , as well as africa , china , philippines , turkey etc. 
  even muslims are fine , as long as they do n't wear burqas , niqabs , hijabs or other shit , people tend not to care . 
  pretty sure even nigel farage could walk around safely without any bodyguards . 
  as long as you do n't start calling people gypsies or saying transylvania is hungarian or some other shit like that , you should be fine . 
  well , you have to admit , romanian roads are n't nearly as bad as they used to be . 
  the main roads to say the least , but these days even the local roads are being rebuilt . 
  in terms of road surface quality , i do not find a very big difference between romania and the uk for example , our biggest problem in this regard is that we have very few motorways ( only around 700km , compared with britain 's 3.500 km ) and dual carriageways in general . 
   the fact that he does n't know that hillary is so much down-looked by the american citizens is worrying for someone who tends to express that he knows more than he shows . 
  hillary definitely is n't the most popular politician in us history , but let 's be serious here , trump is very unlikely to win , unless , like kaplan said , there 's another 9/11 before the election or something . 
  trump might seem popular atm , but that 's simply because he 's a populist , and populists tend to attract less educated people , who in turn are more passionate about politics . 
  well educated people tend not to go to rallies , because they usually have something better to do and also tend not to use bumper stickers or other electoral paraphernalia . 
  even if many people are n't going to vote for hillary , they will surely vote against trump . 
  let 's be serious here , if ponta , with all his populist bullshit did n't win in romania , trump is n't going to win in the us . 
   this is why i support all eu-exit movements , and on a larger level , all secessionist movements within every country . 
  oh , i see where you 're coming from . 
  this is going to require a lenghty response , but here we go :  because the eu is an expensive , ultra-centralised , un-democratic , bureaucratic nightmare . 
  i agree that it is expensive , un-democratic and a bureaucratic nightmare .
