  this guy is even more retarded than those suicide bombers . 
  oh , so they were yes and no questions ... even easier . 
   donald tusk is the president of the european council . 
  juncker is the head of the european commission . 
   are n't member states free to decide their commission appointments through referendum anyway ( they just do n't do it for obvious reasons ) ? 
  well , yeah , some do it more transparently than others . 
  yeah , i noticed the eu flag is a pretty rare sight in britain . 
  those `` funded by the eu '' signs are compulsory everywhere on eu funded projects , even in non-eu countries . 
  in romania , the eu flag is basically everywhere , especially on public buildings . 
  i 've counted like 14 eu flags on my way to the supermarket and i live in a suburb . 
  that 's weird , in romania we have a lot of eu propaganda . 
  it does n't always go that well though , i remember back in 2007 , a few months after we join , some guys from belgium who were working for the ep iirc came to our school to talk about how wonderful the eu is , but then one of the guys started talking about gay rights , we started laughing and the teachers went from all smiles to almost freaking out . 
  it was funny though . 
  we then went on a march through the city with eu flags and other paraphernalia , just like in the communist times . 
  another incident , after the march , another one of the belgian guys ( he looked about 30 ) started hitting on some 12th grade girls . 
  the teachers noticed it , they talked about it , but did n't make a fuss about it because the girls were over 18 and the guys were `` important eu people '' . 
  i once met an ukrainian exchange student who barely spoke any english and obviously no romanian . 
  communication was next to impossible , but then we got drunk and it became surprisingly easy . 
  the idea is that human communication is a lot more than just words , but you really need to try and communicate with someone who does n't speak your language to realize this . 
  well , before the number 28 , there was the number 27 that was burned into my brain , and as it looks , that number is going to be brought back from the dead . 
   either way , there 's nothing you can do with that knowledge except get points in trivia games and pub quizes . 
  most of the stuff we learn in school is useless on a day to day basis , unless you work in a field which requires it , still mean we should n't know it . 
  sure , the number itself is pretty useless , but knowing which countries are in the eu/schengen/eurozone / eea is helpful when planning a trip or seeking work abroad . 
  yeah , but that 's a very watered down concept of assisted suicide , it 's hard to make a case against it . 
  but if discussing assisted suicide as something available to anyone who wants it , i think it would cause a massive shitstorm . 
  yeah , but i assume most people who do make it past 3rd grade should stay up to date , i mean at least with major events , like new countries joining the eu , you know ... but there are people who do n't even know how many stars are there on the european flag or what they represent , so i would n't be surprised ... 
  yeah , but the media mentions the number of countries in the eu every time there 's some eu-related event . 
  i swear to god i 've heard the number 28 so many times it became burned into my brain . 
  i can tell you with more confidence that there are 28 states in the eu than i can say that romania has 41 counties ( i always have to fact check whether there are 40 or 41 ) . 
  no , by forcing our politicians to fuck off with their stupid shit . 
  that 's how democracy works , right ? 
   ca n't say i know how the parliament is elected , other than eu wide elections for more than 1 candidate per constituency under a proportional representation kind of system . 
  i do n't think they expected a detailed answer , just saying that the ep is elected by the people would 've been a sufficient answer i think . 
  if not , then most people would n't know how their own mps are elected , since countries have different systems , like for example romania , which has an uninominal system , fair enough , but there 's some fucked up redistribution systems which allows for some candidates with a minimal number of votes to make it into parliament . 
   i could n't tell you the number of states in the eu if it was n't mentioned after this brexit thing , i 'd have to google it or count them on a map . 
  i do n't know about you , but we learn this shit in school . 
  i learned about it before romania even joined the eu . 
  it 's a number that that lies in the answer to the extremely basic question `` what is the eu ? '' . 
  now , of course , the eu has expanded over time , but the number is often mentioned in the media whenever there 's an eu summit or something . 
  of course , some people do n't even know how many administrative divisions there are within their own countries so i 'm not really surprised they do n't know how many states the eu has . 
   and switzerland is an odd one considering its not eea but is in schengen so i could see the confusion for someone not that informed . 
  if someone does n't know switzerland is not part of the eu it means they 've never seen an eu map in their entire life , that big , ugly , grey hole right in the middle of the eu is pretty obvious , i would say . 
  - the european council is made up of the heads of state from each of the 28 countries . 
  it 's supposed to set the general objectives and priorities for the eu . 
  in reality a mad house , because every member is only interested in getting a deal that will boost their popularity in their home country , and not really care that much about the eu as a whole . 
  the president of the council ( currently ~ ~ juncker ~ ~ tusk ) is nominated by majority vote of the council and then has to be approved by the ep . 
  - the council of the eu is basically the european equivalent of the house of lords - unelected and pretty much useless . 
  why it still exists , i do n't really know , i think any sensible eu reform should abolish it . 
  it 's basically made up of ministers from each of the 28 countries in various configurations . 
  - the european commission is where all the action happens . 
  they basically make eu regulations . 
  each state proposes its own commissioner . 
  imho they should be directly elected because what they do is more important than what the ep does . 
  - the ep is directly elected and mostly votes on shit the european commission throws at it . 
  - the court of justice of the european union is the institution that basically makes sure eu regulations are properly implemented in the member states . 
  the better known european court of justice is the highest court of the cjeu . 
  - the ecb is basically the central bank of the eurozone . 
  if you 're going to have a monetary union , you need a central bank , no way around it , really . 
  - the european court of auditors checks if the eu budget is being implemented properly . 
  sure , now you might say i did n't provide enough details about how all these institutions work , but really there 's more than enough material on the net about them if you are really that interested . 
  saying most people have no idea how these institutions work is not exactly a reason to bash the eu , because most people have no idea how the equivalent institutions in their own countries work , so ... also , saying that the eu is an unelected bunch of bureaucrats is just as accurate as saying most governments across the world are a bunch of unelected bureaucrats . 
  in the context of european politics , yes , orban might be considered far right , but in the context of hungarian politics he would be considered moderate . 
  the only other party with any realistic chances of taking over hungary would be jobbik , which is basically just like orban 's fidesz , just a bit more hitlery . 
   it turns out `` knowledge of key facts and institutions '' is basically a ) knowing how the eu parliament is elected , b ) how many member states there are , and c ) whether switzerland is a member state . 
  lol , i think everyone who made it past 3rd grade should know the answers to those questions . 
  it would probably lead to a national uprising if euthanasia would become legal . 
  i think this idea is more unpopular than even gay marriage . 
  people who want to get euthanized can still go to switzerland though . 
  because the ireland conflict was , at least officially , resolved with the good friday agreement . 
  if you look at ni and roi , you have a mini schengen area that makes the border as inconspicuous as possible , with the only hints of entering another country being the changes in pavement markings and signs that inform you speed limits are either in km/h or mph . 
  this is in stark contrast to cyprus where you have a very fucking obvious border with un peacekeepers and shit . 
  also , northern ireland is internationally recognized as a part of the uk , while northern cyprus is not recognized as an independent country by any country except turkey . 
  imho , the best option for cyprus would be to become a federal country and move on . 
  northern cyprus would then get to decide if it wants to become independent and perhaps join turkey or if it wants to remain in a federal union with cyprus and become a legit part of the eu . 
  so , according to you it means you are pc if you do n't agree with people randomly shouting abuse at people from a different race or ethnic background ? 
  interesting ... 
  have you been living under a rock for the last 9 days ? 
  but accession mainly requires being aligned with eu laws and regulations afaik . 
  if scotland would secede from the uk and say all the eu regulations that were in place before the uk left the eu would still be enforced , what exactly would prevent it from a speedy accession ? 
  and is n't it better now that they moved to the right ? 
  makes you wonder , why would even want them to stay , now that we see how much fascism , racism and xenophobia is coming out of the closet ? 
  yeah , but what if rules will be broken this time as well . 
  will they keep re-running the election until hofer wins ? 
  could , would , should ... these are all assumptions . 
  i do n't think an election should be redone based purely on assumptions , especially as the conditions can not be the same . 
  it 's not just that i do n't want another orban in europe , i think shit like this is wrong in principle . 
  no proof of a suspect being guilty = / = suspect is innocent , yet if there 's no proof , he ca n't be sentenced . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  a more likely outcome is that in a few years we wo n't be talking about the uk , but the fuk and not about economic migrants from the middle east and north africa , but about economic migrants from little britain , england + wales , with the capital in manchester because london will finally claim its independence and take its rightful place as a proper international city . 
   rules were broken  because the rules were broken , there is a chance that fraudalent activities might have occured  ** there are no proofs of fraudalent activities ** but if there 's no proof of fraud why repeat the election ? 
  it 's ridiculous , really . 
  even when there is evidence of fraud ( i.e. 
  some guy voting multiple times ) , unless the fraud is widespread i do n't think it 's reasonable to repeat an election , especially a national one . 
  even with the brexit referendum , there are people from abroad who said they could n't vote even though they registered , yet not even the remain camp is saying it should be repeated . 
  well , if austria elects hofer , if they are n't happy with him they can kick him out after his term is over , leaving the eu on the other hand , that 's for good . 
  i do n't understand why no one seems to be capable of building an european facebook that complies with european privacy laws . 
  the russians have done it , the chinese have done it , so why the fuck ca n't we do it ? 
  i mean one could build the exact same shit like facebook , just with less tracking and bullshit and i 'm sure a lot of people would switch . 
  i do n't mind tracking , i mean i understand companies have to make money at the end of the day , but the shit facebook does is too invasive and downright shady , the least they could do is provide some opt-outs for people who like a little privacy . 
  then what 's the point of a credit rating ?
