  german stuff is not easily replaceable , while british stuff usually is . 
  after all , we 're talking about cars , heavy machinery , industrial robots , stuff like that . 
  yeah , the only problem is that rich countries also have a lot of demand for skilled , smart people who are able to integrate easily etc. 
  so it 's pretty hard for shitty countries like hungary , poland , romania , slovakia etc. 
  to attract these sorts of people , when in fact they have major problems just retaining their own . 
  yup . 
  oh , so the austrians are into giving surprise buttsex to people who cross the border . 
  i thought the controls were permanent . 
  i will definitely be using waze and hopefully i 'll be able to avoid hegyeshalom if the shitstorm hits there . 
  does anyone know what the situation at the hungary-austria border is currently ? 
  i was supposed to go to vienna today , but because of some unexpected problems i will be heading there on thursday . 
  i 've heard horror stories of hour long queues , which i 'm not very excited about . 
  they can no longer offer private lessons to students they also teach at school . 
  this used to be a major problem as many would increase the difficulty of tests to give an unfair advantage to the students which they offered private lessons to . 
  this way , many parents felt their child was underachieving , thus they would send them for private lessons with the same teacher . 
  back when i was in school , there were some teachers who were giving private lessons to 7-8 students at a time , they 'd make $ 100 in a couple of hours . 
  - i 'm taller than most people , i have light hair and blue eyes , people always ask me if i 'm german . 
  growing up with a bunch of german kids in my entourage , i also have a slight accent , but not very noticeable . 
  - i 'm not religious , i hate going to church , weddings , funerals and christenings . 
  - i do n't like being too affectionate , i hate texting or talking with my girlfriend all the time , many arguments were had over this . 
  - i like my personal space too much . 
  - i 'm punctual , and worse still , i expect other people to be punctual as well . 
  a typical seasoned politician . 
  loves money from his corporate friends , most likely does n't give a shit about the average joe . 
  in romania they also earn like shit , but many make a ton of money from offering `` private lessons '' , which only recently began to be regulated . 
  so even if a teacher makes around $ 500 per month from the school , in reality they make more like $ 1000 , or even more , depending on what city they teach in and what subjects they teach . 
  the fsb is actually worse than the kgb was , they have technology that the kgb did n't even dream of 25 years ago . 
  the only reason the fsb does n't seem as bad as the kgb is that the fsb does n't intrude as much in the daily life of average citizens , which was a stupid strategy in the first place , as it consumed too many resources on random people who complained to their friends about how shitty the soviet union was , when in reality those kinds of people were n't really a risk for the establishment , just like most conspiracy nuts in the west are n't really a problem for governments and can be safely ignored for the most part . 
  putin is a very smart guy , and if things go his way , he can essentially create a totalitarian regime where people still have some illusion of freedom , which is even more dangerous than a north korean style dictatorship , where the people know the government is oppressive and deep down they really hate it , but most russians love putin and there 's no sign of that changing in the near future . 
  there 's no argument with you ukip people . 
  whenever some ukip leader makes some xenophobic , bigoted or simply idiotic statement , it 's always `` taken out of context '' , `` they did n't mean that '' , `` the word choice was unfortunate '' or some other bullshit excuse . 
  this can only mean one of two things - the ukip leaders actually mean all the bullshit they say or they and their staff are incompetent at communicating properly . 
  it 's an extremely stupid idea , because it would be a huge setback as everything would have to be renegotiated and shit . 
  the best thing the eu can do is to simply suspend uk 's voting and veto rights , there has to be some procedure against a state that consistently tries to sabotage all the other states . 
  i think it 's a very good measure . 
  i remember when i was a kid and would throw tantrums and shit if my parents would n't take to mcdonald 's because i saw some crappy ad for whatever shit toy they were including in the happy meal . 
  children are easily manipulated through ads and parents easily give up when faced with the possibility of an epic embarrassing tantrum and advertisers know this . 
  i think ads for unhealthy junk and fast food should be banned altogether , if they could do it with cigarettes , they can do it with shitty food as well . 
  there are many more atheists in romania , but since admitting it might spark conflicts with family members or even compromise careers ( especially political ones ) , few people dare admit it openly . 
  i would say the real number of atheists is probably around 10 % , and if you include the `` christians '' who only get to see a church a couple of times a year , that number is probably around 30-40 % . 
  i 'm not trying to make up excuses , we are probably still one of the most religious countries in the eu and we have our own extremist nutjobs ( not of terrorist types , but still ) and the orthodox church is still pretty powerful . 
  it 's normal in romania as well . 
  i know very few people who have n't paid at least once , at least for just a blowjob . 
  come on , most people do n't have all those problems combined ( unfit , socially awkward , disabled , ugly , old , unfunny , short and poor ) . 
  although some things like age , height and being disabled or not do n't depend on the person , pretty much all the others do , at least partly , so it 's your fault if you 're a failure . 
  only works if they have tiny dicks . 
   i 'm a woman and i have sent naughty pics ( like , boobs ) to my ex boyfriend . 
  can we see them ? 
  you know , for , uhmm , research ... 
  hungarians have never been a majority in timisoara ... 
  commie culture . 
  this kind of mentality is like a plague in most former commie countries , including my own , you can have 10 men standing by and watching how someone is being beaten to death and most likely they would n't intervene . 
  it 's simply because the culture of fear , which never really went away . 
  commie mentality stronk . 
  lol , and erdocunt talking about turkey joining the eu by 2023 . 
  to quote a popular romanian rapper , `` when istanbul will enter europe , we 're gon na get out '' . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  freedom is not lost in one fell swoop , it 's lost a book at a time , a newspaper at a time or a website at a time . 
  russia has been relatively free of censorship , especially on the internet , for most of its post soviet history . 
  that 's why the kremlin now needs to invent a bunch of bullshit reasons , like gay propaganda , anti-extremism , copyright and now , demographics . 
  let 's face it , the kremlin does n't give two shits about warner bros. or whatever being butthurt that a bunch of russians torrent their movies , but they would much rather have those russians watch rossiya 1 or some other propaganda channel instead of watching american movies . 
  same goes for the `` demographics '' excuse , there simply is n't any legit scientific study out there that definitely prove that porn makes people not want to have sex or children . 
  whatever roskomnadzor 's motives are , the point is that their decisions do affect all russians , they might look silly and all , but when you try to type pornhub.com in your address bar , it 's not going to work without a vpn . 
  romania is shit , as expected , but surprisingly high safety rating i must say . 
  i think their final objective is to ban everything except kremlin propaganda . 
  i wonder how much longer russians are going to put up with this shit . 
  in romania , porn is technically illegal ( unless the websites conform to a very specific set of rules , and no website available on the internet conforms to those rules ) , but only in theory , if they were to apply it in practice and start banning porn websites , the government would be going down , that 's for sure . 
  those are n't euros . 
  it 's $ 1.82 . 
  well , i 'm not german so i do n't know about regional differences , in school i 've only learnt about samstag . 
   my view is simply that it 's none the government 's business what you consider quality of life . 
  people enjoy different things . 
  beer certainly is n't healthy either but having a cold one outside on a warm day is fucking awesome and certainly adds enjoyment to my life . 
  so does getting a really unhealthy pizza or burger once in a while . 
  oh , but it should be , because this is not murica where it 's up to the individual to have health insurance , this is europe , where we have universal health insurance , so it 's in everyone 's best interests that hospitals are n't full of people requiring expensive treatments just because they made poor life choices . 
   quality of life is about more than simply being healthy . 
  it 's about actually enjoying being alive as well . 
  having fun , finding love , feeling like there 's a sense of meaning to what you do in life etc. 
  you ca n't just say `` it decreases quality of life '' simply because you do n't value it yourself . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people get enjoyment out of smoking their pipe for example . 
  you can get thousands of different types of tobacco mixes with different tastes etc. 
  so clearly it 's about more than just having an addiction . 
  they actually enjoy it and therefor i 'd say it adds quality to their life . 
  why would i want to stop that ? 
  then , you should also agree that when you get older and go to a hospital coughing your guts off , they should ask you to pay all the costs upfront or go fuck yourself . 
  it 's not not fair to request free healthcare when you had a lifestyle that you knew was bad for your health in the long term . 
  for english , romanian , german and russian can confirm they 're all legit . 
  hungary into slavic ? 
  it 's the same in romania . 
  uber is legal , but the drivers have their ass wrecked if they get caught . 
  i disagree . 
  the thing is that smoking ( among other things , like eating junk food for example ) not only shortens your life , it also decreases your quality of life . 
  someone who is very active , does n't smoke , does n't drink very much , does n't eat junk food can have a much better quality of life at 70 than someone at 50 who has done all those things throughout his life . 
  lol . 
  it 's not me who made a personal attack , it 's you who are the childish one . 
  i 'm not pulling numbers out of my ass , friend , i live in timisoara and i can tell you for one that all those fares are either bullshit ( like that 1.1 lei/km ) or have not been updated for years . 
  if you look there closely , it says the posting date for each fare , some are from 2008 lol . 
  this is just sensationalist news , idiotic law proposals like this one appear in the romanian parliament all the time . 
  probably more than half of the romanian parliament is made up of corrupt people and idiots , which to be fair , and i 'm sorry to say it , is pretty reflective of the society . 
  only a few months ago , there was a law proposal for banning cell towers within 500 meters of schools and hospitals .
