  they are the some of the largest consumers of vpn services . 
   and other people would n't dare to use a american ip address . 
  anyone who wants to access a decently sized netflix library has a vpn that gives them a us ip address . 
  extremely misleading , correct title should be `` 80 % of the independent readers with a us ip address think britain should leave eu '' . 
  this is a very rare specimen of good advertising from a country that routinely produces [ ads like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bav28hvnnue ) . 
  i do n't think it would be as apocalyptic for the european project if britain leaves . 
  i 'm pretty confident if they leave , they will get fucked in the ass on so many levels that it would discourage any other country from leaving the eu . 
  also , without the british to constantly whine about it , eu integration might actually switch to a faster gear . 
  that being said , i 'm still pro-remain , britain is a good counterbalance to france and germany 's currently idiotic policies . 
  i 'm sure they blame the eu for that as well . 
  all the shitty tabloids are pro-leave . 
  well , no reason to be surprised , fits the tone and quality of the leave campaign . 
  nah , the moldovan army is even more embarassing today then it was back then . 
  their entire military budget is like $ 16 million or something , i 'm sure there are russian oligarchs who spend more than that on security . 
   its right between moldova and western ukraine . 
  it 's between moldova and the ** odessa oblast ** . 
  not exactly the most pro-western region of ukraine . 
  they already have 2000 russian troops in transnistria , so they must be supplying and replacing them somehow . 
  i 'm not sure how , but they 're doing it . 
  edit : oh , it seems they 're doing it [ by air ] ( http://www.eurasianet.org/node/73586 ), 
  why would most romanians hate your guts , you 're the one all butthurt about trianon , we 're just enjoying the status quo . 
  i did n't downvote you mate , you 're paranoid . 
  lpt : do n't park your car in places that can get crowded during sporting events . 
   edit : better yet : if we somehow join romania and live for a couple of years , i say they 'd want to join us too ( or not , but listen to the people , not politicians ) no , transnistria would be very poisonous to romania . 
  we should only take the people that can still be saved ( those not yet completely brainwashed from russian propaganda ) , give them houses and jobs , and let transnistria get annexed by ukraine , or something . 
  oh , did russia ask ukraine before they annexed crimea ? 
  it 's russia mate , they do whatever the fuck they want , they do not ask for permission , especially from a small shitty country like moldova . 
  also , in reality , nobody gives a fuck about what moldova wants , not even moldovan politicians , you know , the moldovan government and parliament are just for the show , in reality the country is run by a dictator , vladimir plahotniuc , a.k.a. 
  the puppeteer , who in turn most likely works for the romanian intelligence service ( sri ) . 
  the reason i say this is because on his romanian identity card he has the name `` vlad ulinici '' , which is illegal as it constitutes forgery . 
  despite this , the romanian prosecuters closed the investigation , claiming that identity forgery is not a crime in republic of moldova , which is non-sensical , because he is a romanian citizen , thus romanian law should apply . 
  this constitutes proof that he either has very powerful friends in romania or , more likely , that he works for the romanian intelligence service , which is known to recruit journalists , politicians , businessmen and magistrates . 
   and slobod is a romanian word too yeah , but it 's an archaic word . 
  most people associate the word with cum nowadays , not freedom . 
  however , even though the etymology of the word slobozia is not perverted , i would like to know the story of how spermezeu ( literally spermgod ) got its name . 
  like which regions ? 
  hungarian butthurt mode engaged . 
   the ukrainians and bulgarians will gladly hand over those territories to their brotherly romanians , i 'm sure . 
  well , we could follow the russian model and send some tourists . 
  well , i think slobozia comes from slobod , which is a slavic word , no matter how many perverts like to think it comes from the romanian word `` sloboz '' . 
   luckily you will be leaving the eu after tomorrow , so i will laugh last . 
  how will i be leaving the eu , is there a roexit referendum i do n't know about ? 
  so basically , they 're the exact opposite of moldovans who normally speak in romanian and then suddenly go '' \u0438\u0434\u0438 \u043d\u0430\u0445\u0443\u0439 \u0431\u043b\u044f ! '' ? 
  that wo n't happen . 
  both the russians and transnistrians are constantly threatening to hold a referendum on joining russia but they never do . 
  why do n't they do it , they know it would pass with overwhelming majority even if held it western style , with no fraud . 
  the reason is simple , they do n't do it because russia does n't let them . 
  this way , the russians can keep transnistria out of russia but firmly in their control at the same time , without explicitly telling them to go fuck themselves . 
  the fact the russia uses transnistrians as diplomatic cannon fodder should be pretty obvious to everyone with a decent iq . 
   i prefer youtube where i can find common ground . 
  thanks for giving me such a hard laugh . 
  you really made my day . 
  pls , i do n't want russian border . 
  also , they should give bender back to moldova . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  the thing is that russia does n't want transnistria to be independent or part of russia . 
  their plan has always been to federalize moldova so that transnistria could always be a pain in the ass for moldova , preventing it from joining western organizations like the eu and nato . 
  in its current state it 's still a pain in the ass , but the russians want to make it a pain in the ass with official papers . 
  the only big dutch company in romania i know of is ing . 
  austria owns bcr , raiffeisen , omv , kandia dulce , brantner and some other big enterprises . 
  they also built most motorways in romania ( in conjunction with other companies though ), 
  they do n't need to go to albania , it is sufficient for the diicot to find out who he is and then the romanian government can request his extradition . 
  romania has a bilateral extradition agreement with albania since the 1960s , so i do n't think it would be a big problem . 
  it 's also possible he acted from within the eu , in which case extradition is even easier . 
  this albanian script kiddie just got diicot on his ass , which is pretty successful at capturing hackers , especially wanna-be hackers like this guy . 
  yup , ataka tv . 
  shows no footage of beatings , just interviews with nationalists . 
  seems legit . 
  [ a short guide on how to get from transnistria to europe ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ok0hz3j.jpg ), 
  if moldovans want to go the eu , all they need is to get romanian citizenship , which many have already done . 
  something seems wrong , i thought austria was the main investor in romania . 
  is it because the bankruptcy of alpine bau ? 
  but is it a day off for everyone ? 
  i mean of course , except for the businesses which are usually open non-stop . 
  i see . 
  it 's also weird that you have a vote on thursday , we only vote on sundays and its illegal to campaign both on the day of the vote , as well as on the day before . 
  it 's also illegal to take selfies inside the voting booth . 
  is it legal in britain to campaign on the day before the vote ? 
  in romania it 's not . 
  all developed countries have shrunk due to growth in the bric countries . 
   a similar rule is why airlines themselves are careful to check you have proper authorisation before boarding . 
  they check your documentation , not your stuff - that 's the job of airport security , which are state employees . 
   we already fine he lorry drivers even if they could ( hypothetically ) prove they did n't know about illegal passengers . 
  yeah , because lorry drivers are individuals who do n't really have the power to fight government . 
  that 's why they fine the drivers and not the companies , because the companies would have the capacity to tell them to go fuck themselves . 
   the other option is to out the border controls exactly on the border , so anyone not entitled to cross is stuck on the ferry itself . 
  and how exactly would they check vehicles on the ferry ? 
  things like heart beat monitors are pretty impractical to get and use on a ferry . 
  no , he looks like he ate the portuguese girl 's pussy while she was on her period . 
   the obvious solution is to fine the ferry operators ferry operators do n't have the right to search peoples ' vehicles , as they are not state authorities , and you ca n't fine french customs officials . 
  they are in transnistria , of course they are russophiles , they do n't even speak romanian . 
   french is the second most popular language studied in europe . 
  well , studying a language does not mean speaking it . 
  it does not even mean it 's popular . 
  for example , in romania , we study english since kindergarten until the first year in university and all movies have subtitles , they are not dubbed , yet the majority of the population still ca n't speak english , i mean there are even a bunch of romanians in the uk who ca n't speak english . 
  in the 5th grade , we have to start learning a second foreign language , and in 99 % of the cases you have to choose between either german or french , even though many people would rather study spanish or italian . 
  this is how you end up with the media making bullshit claims on francophonie day that 25 % of romanians speak french , when in reality the number is probably around 10 % , the other 15 % probably ca n't say anything more than * bonjour * and * je suis vasile * . 
  another funny thing is the fact that you only get to choose between french and german is part of communist legacy , where school subjects had to be difficult and spanish/italian are considered too easy ( a romanian speaker who has never studied italian could probably understand 60 % of written italian right off the bat ) . 
  euro is an international event ... even in russia , when they had the winter olympic games in sochi , most of the ads related to that were in english . 
  just to clarify , the slobozia district is in transnistria , so in theory it is part of moldova , but in practice they have no control over what happens there .
