  i do n't think it will be that easy for them . 
  let 's not forget that politicians are n't sheep , they are sharks , and as soon as they smell blood , they attack . 
  dragnea fucked up , badly , there are people in the sdp who want his position , he is in deep shit right now . 
  they did threaten to bring `` a million '' people to bucharest . 
  the chances of them getting a million people were negligible , but if they mobilized their entire propaganda machine and local administrations , they could have likely gathered around 100,000 . 
  if the two groups would have met , there would have very likely been violent clashes . 
  and not only that , but how can a government which almost brought the country to the brink of civil war and risked destroying out ties with our strategic partners in the eu and nato just to pass a law that would benefit criminals be considered fit to run the country ? 
  they need to go , and not just out of government , but out of politics altogether . 
  politicians ' careers have ended over far less than this . 
  i wo n't trust these shits until i see it in the official journal . 
  even then , it will only mean we won a battle , but not the war . 
  it 's our money they 're stealing , it 's normal to stand up to them . 
  i think if trump would sign a similar executive order , you would probably lynch him . 
  yes , but you do n't buy a car or a house every day . 
  we 're talking about `` most prices '' here , not the `` highest prices '' . 
  except for real estate , cars , cellphone subscriptions and plane tickets , i ca n't think of many prices which are expressed in euros ... 
  ironic , considering egypt is n't even on trump 's list . 
  the next election is the presidential one , in 2019 . 
  the sdp has a very low chance of winning this and they know it , because presidential elections have a much higher turnout than parliamentary elections . 
  the parliament obviously has way more power than the president , but many romanians are still suffering from the ptsd of the ceausescu era and feel that the `` daddy figure '' ( i.e. 
  the president ) is more important than a bunch of nobodies in parliament ( most people have absolutely no idea who their mp is or even which party won in their circumscription ) . 
  the next parliamentary elections are in 2020 , so the sdp is n't going anywhere anytime soon , but people are hoping they will at least kick dragnea and his gang . 
  even if they do n't manage to kick dragnea , it 's possible the party would split , basically making dragnea lose the majority . 
  background : after adopting the controversial [ emergency decree ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20170201-romania-adopts-controversial-decree-easing-penal-code ) , the justice minister held a press conference in which he responded very evasively to journalists ' questions and [ constantly repeated the phrase `` another question '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe7ps_hy_ac ) . 
   are some/many people in romania supporting the romanian government in this mess ? 
  there are those who would have their asses saved by this ordinance , of course . 
  then there 's the part of the population that lives in the sdp 's bubble , they only get information from the sdp 's propaganda tv channels and they are n't very good critical thinkers ( think pensioners , people on welfare , gypsies etc. ) . 
  however , cracks are beginning to show in the sdp itself . 
  there 's a new generation in the sdp , which are hungry for money , they want to fill their own pockets and do n't want to have the entire population turned against the entire sdp just for dragnea and the old gang who already filled their pockets . 
  for this reason , some important members have quit the party , the minister for the business environment resigned and even of their two main propaganda channels ( antena 3 ) has radically changed its tone overnight ( they are now calling the government irresponsible and have even made fun of the justice minister ) . 
  antena 3 does n't have any real journalists , just puppets and this change of tone is a clear sign there is a crack between the main crooks . 
  the only propaganda channel that still supports the government is romania tv , owned by a criminal on [ europe 's most wanted list ] ( https://eumostwanted.eu/#/ghita-sebastian-aurelian ) . 
  lol @ greece . 
   ~ ~ copenhague ~ ~ copehagen . 
  ftfy . 
  they are basically acting like cornered animals at this point . 
  iordache is basically shitting his pants at this point . 
  grindeanu was almost crying because he received death threats on his phone . 
  dragnea also complained about death threats , but said he was not impressed ( although i 'm sure he 's full of shit and scared as fuck ) . 
  it would be incredibly stupid to give up the protests now , if we keep going , by next week they will be literally shitting their pants at press conferences . 
  do n't worry , the people who protested against ceausescu at first also thought they had no chance . 
  it 's important to keep trying , this is what i was telling a friend yesterday , the people in government are n't superhumans , they do n't have three balls , they are n't untouchable . 
  but you have to understand that for them this is a war , they know that if they back down a lot of them will be going to jail soon , but that 's why it 's important for us to keep fighting . 
  if our determination to build a powerful democratic country with strong institutions and rule of law is bigger than their determination to stay out of jail and steal our money with impunity , we will most definitely win . 
  and if we do win this , romania will most definitely come out as a more powerful and respected country because we will show them that we are willing to fight for what we believe in , especially since this is a protest against corruption and for the rule of law , not one for higher wages or pensions or some other bullshit . 
  well , considering people are currently protesting in support of the rule of law , it would be especially stupid to start throwing molotov cocktails and loot stuff . 
  it 's important to show we are better than them ( the politicians currently in power ) . 
  the psd had a huge advantage because the turnout was extremely low ( under 40 % ) . 
  it was so low because the other major party , the pnl also has its own corrupt assholes , but also an incompetent leadership ( the psd leadership is very competent , but not at serving the national interest , but manipulating people and stealing ) . 
  the only hope was usr , but they are a new party , they do n't really have a common political ideology other than fighting corruption and did n't have much money for campaigning . 
  now , the psd came with a very alluring promise both to people who lack critical thinking ( like pensioners , people on welfare etc. ), 
  as well as to the corrupt people themselves ( there 's no shortage of corrupt doctors , cops , university professors , public servants etc. 
  in romania ) . 
  people like pensioners or those on welfare do n't care about things that really matter to the national interest and other parties are promising , like jobs , motorways , investment , they care about what psd is promising like $ 30 more here , $ 50 more there and so on . 
  basically , the psd was bribing people to vote for them by promising higher pensions , more benefits , higher minimum wage etc. 
  they were also alluring to corrupt people , they were actually saying things like `` we want people not to fear for their freedom '' , but who would fear for their freedom other than corrupt people ? 
  so people know the psd is stealing , but their logic is either `` they steal , but at least they give us some money '' or `` they steal , but they let us steal a little bit too '' . 
  of course , the vast majority of the romanian people do n't think like this , but since the turnout was so low , the ~ 20 % of the population who does think like this were enough . 
  for vodafone and orange they are valid for 30 days and for digi it 's 90 days i think . 
  do n't worry , they will cancel the ordinance and then they 're going down . 
  the crooks declared war on the people and they shall have war . 
  hooligans were infiltrated in the crowd to provoke both the crowd and cops so the cops would attack the crowd and start breaking heads . 
  this would not only have helped the pro-gov propaganda to discredit the protests , but it would have also discouraged peaceful people who were there only to voice their anger , not to get beat up and pepper sprayed . 
  however , the cops were smart and used a few ingenious tactics to separate the hooligans from the rest of crowd without having to beat up peaceful people in the process . 
  romanian sim cards are free ( unlike in some other countries ) it 's just the credit on them that costs . 
  some typical prepay options from different providers : digi - for $ 4 you can get unlimited calling/sms in the digi network , 400 national minutes ( within romania ) and 6gb data . 
  you can add data for $ 1 per each gb . 
  vodafone - for $ 8 you can get unlimited calls and texts in vodafone , 3000 national mins/national texts/mb , 6gb data and 400 eu minutes/texts orange - for $ 8 you can get unlimited calls and texts in orange , 2000 national mins/texts ( out of which max 300 can be used for calling either in romania or the rest of the eu ) , 4gb data and an extra bonus of 8gb data . 
  not really  rules on `` fair use '' measures that operators can take to prevent abusive or anomalous usage of the system , such as systematic resale of low-price sim cards for permanent use in other countries , to avoid negative effects on consumers at domestic markets . 
  the commission 's `` fair use policy '' clarifies consumer rights while introducing safeguards to ensure the most competitive domestic offers remain attractive . 
  it 's probably going to work for a while , but when they 'll figure out that you are not just a traveller but someone who permanently uses that sim , they will just block you from their network . 
  if it 's going to work like that ( which i sincerely doubt , since telcos are n't that stupid ) , i promise to set up a website to sell romanian prepaid cards all over europe from day 1 when this comes into effect . 
  edit : sorry , nope . 
   rules on `` fair use '' measures that operators can take to prevent abusive or anomalous usage of the system , such as systematic resale of low-price sim cards for permanent use in other countries , to avoid negative effects on consumers at domestic markets . 
  the commission 's `` fair use policy '' clarifies consumer rights while introducing safeguards to ensure the most competitive domestic offers remain attractive . 
   rules on `` fair use '' measures that operators can take to prevent abusive or anomalous usage of the system , such as systematic resale of low-price sim cards for permanent use in other countries , to avoid negative effects on consumers at domestic markets . 
  the commission 's `` fair use policy '' clarifies consumer rights while introducing safeguards to ensure the most competitive domestic offers remain attractive . 
  basically [ this fuck ] ( http://prisacariu.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/dragnea.jpg ) wants to hijack the rule of law , free all the crooks and legalize corruption by politicians . 
   now i know no countries in europe is nearly on the same level as african actually there is ... and they speak romanian too , it 's called moldova . 
  by spring it 's going to be too late , we have just 9 more days to stop them from turning romania into a mafia run state . 
  we do n't want to kill them , we 're not savages , but we do want to see them in jail , where they belong , and most importantly their fortunes confiscated to cover at least part of the damage they have done to the economy . 
  why do people think everything has to be related to trump in some way or another nowadays ? 
  i actually think trump should be seen as a good opportunity for europe to become more united and distance itself from the us . 
  the best thing the eu can do is shout as loud as they can about this . 
  if the eu shouts loud enough , the fuckers will back down , not necessarily because they are afraid of the eu , but they know that people trust the eu more than they trust them . 
  well , you 're wrong on one point - they do n't have good opposition . 
  the pnl is in shambles and the usr does n't have a common political ideology uniting them , other than fighting corruption . 
  usr has left as well as right leaning members . 
  the only thing that united usr is the common enemy , the psd . 
  the romanian chamber of deputies looks like this : - the sdp ( 154 seats ) - the main scumbags , the successors of the communist nomenklatura , they were the last party to condemn communism , and still regard ion iliescu , a man currently on trial for crimes against humanity as their `` honorary president '' ( sort of how kim il sung is still the honorary leader of north korea , except the motherfucker iliescu just wo n't die ) . 
  they have the most deputies , mayors , councilors etc. 
  either in jail , on trial or under investigation . 
  their president is liviu dragnea , a man risking 10 years in jail , but of which he will not spend a day if this ordinance comes into effect , that 's why he is so desperately pushing it . 
  their propaganda machine are mainly the tv stations antena 3 and romania tv . 
  antena 3 is owned by a criminal currently serving a 10 year jail sentence and romania tv is owned by a criminal on [ europol 's most wanted list ] ( https://eumostwanted.eu/#/ghita-sebastian-aurelian ) . 
  - national liberal party ( 69 seats ) - formed by the merger of the old national liberal party and democrat liberal party . 
  it was iohannis 's party , but since in romania the president is not allowed to be a party member , after he became president of romania , the party was run by two co-presidents , alina gorghiu ( from the old nlp ) and vasile blaga ( from the old dlp ) . 
  vasile blaga was a corrupt fuck so he got rekt for influence peddling and alina gorghiu was stupid and incompetent . 
  due to the disastrous way in which the party was lead and other factors ( like the fact that there were many other corrupt fucks in this party being picked up by the dna ) , many of their traditional voters became disgruntled which led to their disastrous result at the elections . 
  some of their voters voted for the sru , but many others did n't vote at all ( which was of course very good for the sdp ) .
