  the properties that were in their private possession before 1947 have been returned many years ago . 
  but even these properties were obtained because they were royalty , not because they worked for them . 
  the rightful owner of all those castles and forests should be the romanian state . 
  the proper way to compesate these parasites would have been with boxes full of rubber dildos so they could go fuck themselves more easily . 
  no because this is totally far-fetched in a country that only recently started bringing people who were stealing millions of euros for fucking decades to justice . 
  but of course , the royal family are only patriots who would never think about exploiting romania for financial gain . 
  / s give me one good reason why the romanian taxpayer should finance these parasites ' lavish lifestyle ? 
  we are the second poorest country in the eu , yet we still finance the parasitical orthodox church with a shitload of money and now the so-called `` royal family '' wants some honey too . 
  they can fuck right off . 
  and your arguments are ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  he has not been seen publicly since 2014 . 
  he is supposedly suffering from cancer in the final stage for a few months now . 
  he checked out from a swiss hospital a few months ago , and since then , the only updates about his health came from the royal family 's lawyer . 
  the royal family definitely has an interest to lie about his possible death , because there is draft law in parliament that would give the royal family public financing . 
  if mihai died , the support for the law would die completely . 
  they said he will attend queen anne 's funeral on august 13 , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i understand , but the hiv rate in britain is not that high , so if you do n't fuck around too much , you should be safe . 
  anyway , i think its wrong for the taxpayer to finance people who want to have a promiscuous lifestyle , what 's next , welfare vouchers to pay for escorts ? 
   they recently got the nhs to go against its own rules to fund a pill that makes promiscuous sex safer . 
  any source on that ? 
  if true , that 's absolutely disgusting . 
  i 'm disgusted by the so-called `` lgbt community '' ( not to understand people of a different sexual orientation , just those who promote this agenda ) , you ca n't even start an argument with these people without being a called a homophobe and bigot , just like you are called a misogynist if you have any problem at all with the feminist agenda . 
  the interwar period is overrated . 
  the difference between my grandparents ' childhood in the interwar period and my parents ' childhood is just as big , if not bigger than the difference between my parents ' childhood and the childhood of children in romania today . 
  yes , life was good in the big cities , but that was like what , 10 % of the population ? 
  80 % were living in the countryside , doing agriculture the same way it was being done 1000 years ago . 
  those were african levels of poverty . 
  in the commie period , the average citizen was lucky if they could afford a color tv , a dacia and to travel abroad once every few years , in the interwar period the average citizen was lucky if they could afford bread and a bicycle . 
  interwar romania was poorer than even pre-hitler germany , all the bullshit about it is just propaganda . 
  yes , the commies were bad , but it was a lesser evil than what romania was before them . 
  no matter what political orientation you have , it 's important to look at history objectively . 
  well , of course they had been held back on purpose , pro-russian elements in the ukrainian government , security services and military are n't exactly a new thing , they have been there ever since ukraine became an independent state . 
  it is , however , the fault of ukraine for not cleansing these elements when they had the chance , back in the 90s , like the baltics did . 
  after 2000 russia simply became too strong and ukraine 's european train had left . 
  russia is neither among the the best equipped , nor the best trained armies . 
  sure , they do have some first class equipment as well as some very professional spetznaz , but the bulk of russian military might comes from its numbers . 
  you have to remember this is a hybrid war and russia never had the intention of starting a conventional war against ukraine , as that would have had some very serious consequences , which would have made the current sanctions look like a slap on the wrist . 
  the only reason this hybrid warfare strategy even worked was because ukraine has very weak institutions , very weak sense of national identity and a very weak military . 
  the hybrid war tactic that putin used in ukraine would never work in a country like poland , for example and its doubtful it would even work in a baltic state , because these countries have strong institutions and strong intelligence services that do n't allow pro-russian elements to jeopardize national security , like ukraine did . 
   let you know crimea is a ** temporary ** occupied part of ukraine , i 'd say it 's a much larger probability that ukraine will cease to exist as a country before crimea is ever returned . 
  what 's done is done , the vast majority of crimeans support russia and most likely do not see themselves as ever being part of ukraine again . 
  even if russia would become a western style democracy , they still would n't even think of giving crimea back . 
  sanctions are temporary , the annexation of crimea is not . 
  the ukrainian army is a complete embarrassment . 
  this is what you get for negleting your army for decades . 
  they are trying to fight a 21st century war with 20th century soviet tactics . 
  they have absolutely zero urban warfare capabilities , their only strategy is to shell the shit out of any town , destroy it completely , kill 100 civilians and perhaps 10 militants , if they 're lucky . 
  it 's a strategy to ensure the civilians in eastern ukraine will become completely alienated and never support a united ukraine . 
  if the ukrainian army was even remotely competent , the dnr and lnr would have been history a long time ago and there would have been 10x less casualties . 
  are n't finns under the influence by default ? 
  they do n't have brain damage , they are just desperate because they have no education or decent job prospects . 
  the prostitute who sucked vasile 's dick did it for 5 euros . 
  with luxury prostitutes it 's different , they do n't suck your dick for 5 euros , they suck it for 50 euros and someone who can afford paying 50 euros for a blowjob probably washes his dick . 
   would you for example lick the female equivalent of vasiles vagina for the same amount of money , if not more ? 
  it depends on the amount of money . 
  i have had other opportunities in life than these girls , i have my own business and make a decent buck . 
  give me 5 euros , i would n't do it , but give me 500k and i 'm gon na spray that cunt with antibacterial soap , put a condom over my tongue and lick it right now . 
  so it 's true what they say about scotts . 
  you can put a bag over their head . 
  no refunds , at least not in romania . 
  they 'd use wet wipes and flavoured condoms and still suck that smelly dick like a hero . 
  let me tell you a little story . 
  around seven years ago , when i was 18 , my cousin , who works for the border police , took me on a field trip to show me how they catch smugglers and stuff . 
  there were n't any smugglers on that day unfortunately , so we decided to have some fun . 
  we picked up vasile , the village drunk and a prostitute ( yes , with the police car ) . 
  we went to a field and had the prostitute blow vasile while me and my cousin were watching and another cop was filming the whole thing . 
  she then opened vasile 's pants , took his dick out and her face was filled with disgust when the smell hit her . 
  she did n't give up though , she pulled some wet wipes and a condom and sucked vasile 's dick like a hero . 
  my point is , these girls are pros , they do n't get deterred by some smelly dick . 
   lets say would you lick your queens cunt for 50 000 # ? 
  i 'm not [ into necrophilia ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/romanias-former-queen-anne-dies-aged-92/a-19442618 ) , but i would definitely lick the cunt of queen rania of jordan for far less than that . 
   the human body is meant to live off vegetarian food . 
  lol , no . 
  please gtfo with your propaganda !, 
   why would you kill an being that is capable of processing emotions so that you can satisfy your tongue ? 
  because it tastes good and not everyone is a pussy . 
  my grandpa had me behead a chicken when i was like six or seven . 
  it still walked around with its head cut off for like a good minute , it then shat itself and died . 
  not a big deal . 
  there are some areas in london where you feel you can get stabbed at any moment , the only special thing about this case is that it happened in central london . 
  this is bullshit . 
  digimobil offers 30gb of data and unlimited calls for $ 6 , or even $ 5 if you have their home internet and tv package . 
  oh , yeah , i remember that . 
  there were like 20 romanians in norwegian prisons and they were pretty pissed at the agreement . 
  however , we have our own version of bastoy island prison built with the help of the norwegian government . 
  the only way a university professor in romania can get into trouble is if he takes bribes or makes sexual advances towards students . 
  this guy was pretty scummy , but he did neither of those things , so no one could touch him . 
  romania and russia have a similar gdp per capita , but romania has a lower gini index , which means there 's less inequality . 
  it 's just a prank bro !, 
  we had a similar law under communism . 
  being unemployed could even land you in jail . 
  when my grandfather visited the netherlands , he was amazed that people were receiving `` free money '' , that 's how he perceived unemployment . 
   do n't know how it works there , but in the u.s. 
  colleges are extremely progressive , including the teachers . 
  ca n't say about the rest of europe , but here most students and professors are right wing , some even extrem . 
  for example , i had a professor of international monetary policy who also worked as a big shot for an austrian bank , he said `` hitler should have finished off the gypsies '' . 
  he also called a student a `` homosexual with a small dick '' and told another ( female ) student if she `` loved to study as much as she loved riding dick '' she would make `` huge progress '' . 
  the two students , plus another one whom he called `` a romanian citizen with gypsy ethnicity '' complained to the ethics commission and then he almost had a fight with the head of the ethics commission . 
  he still works at the university in case you 're wondering .
