  it is also fashionable these days to `` stand up to the globalists '' , as most people who `` do it '' do n't understand what they 're actually standing against , they just do it because it 's cool to defy authority . 
  people do n't realize that without globalization , modern technology , affordable food , clothing , transport etc. 
  would n't even be possible . 
   i distrust the markets more than the brexiters . 
  well , you see , the problem is that our modern economies are dictated by the markets , not by the brexiters . 
  the brexiters can say what they want , but when the markets go crazy , the economy shatters . 
  this was proven many times , most notably in the 1930s and 2008 . 
  those are for tourists , aka people who want to spend money , this is for investors , so supposedly people looking to make money , not spend it . 
  nah , those positions are already filled by mentally disabled people , they even exceeded their quota by a huge factor . 
  in romania at least , many people have relatives living in canada , so it would be nice if they did n't have to go to bucharest and deal with a ton of bureaucracy every time they want to visit their relatives . 
  i do n't know how the visa process for canada is like , but when i was a student i went to the us with the `` work and travel '' program and the bureaucracy and restrictions were ridiculous , it felt like i was traveling to north korea . 
  this is why i like the eu so much , if i wake up one morning and feel like i want to visit vienna , prague or munich , i can just get in my car and go , zero fucks being given . 
  of course , we 're not in schengen yet , but crossing the border to hungary is just a formality , long gone are the days when the hungarians would go through your luggage like you were some kind drug kingpin or terrorist , you just show them your id card and off you go . 
  however , with the current rhetoric within the eu it seems a lot of stupid short-sighted people want to bring those old days back instead of working together to find a common solution to the migration crisis . 
  source ? 
  i 'm curious how prepared were they , did they already have the money printed and ready to load into armored trucks or just some documents outlining how it could be done , because it 's a massive difference between the two situations . 
  the latter only requires a few high ranking government officials and their aides , the former requires thousands of people being involved . 
  yeah , come here , we sell our resources for next to nothing if you happen to bribe the right people . 
  i 'm surprised they did n't proudly display the logos of our austrian bff `` global investors '' omv and holzindustrie schweighofer , they made the deals of a lifetime here . 
   however , an essential ingredient of such a process would be secrecy . 
  the introduction of a new currency will need to be prepared in a stealth fashion , to cushion the detrimental effects of market uncertainty and , naturally , a bank run . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  in the era of snowden , some people think a country would be able to prepare a currency switch in total secrecy . 
  while this was maybe a possibility 50 years ago , before the internet , it is n't one now . 
  the whole thing would get leaked before they even agree on the design of the new banknotes . 
  because it 's rather retarded . 
  people lining up for hours to kiss some dead person 's bones . 
  also , now it 's already cold , but when they do this shit in the heat , there 's ton of grandma 's falling like flies , so these events usually end up requiring all the emt 's in the entire city . 
  it 's not popular , it has the lowest average score . 
   l2tp ( the protocol that allows the firewall bypassing ) does n't come bundled with any form of additional security you are confusing l2tp with pptp . 
  pptp is the one without additional security , as it comes with speed in mind , thus only has weak encryption . 
  l2tp is the secure one . 
  your isp only sees that you are communicating with the vpn service , but not anything else . 
   and most vpns do n't bother adding any ( or worse are controlled by the government and are only meant to track the user , we 've seen this happen in china ) picking a secure vpn is your responsibility , if security is a major concern to you , of course you ca n't just google vpn and subscribe to the first service you come across . 
  good security requires constant research on your part and one layer ( be it https , vpn or tor ) is never enough , you must also : - make sure to use an up to date os ( preferably not windows as that bitch is made to track you by design ) - make sure to use an up to date browser - use browser extensions that block trackers , but not any shady ones - do n't install crap on your computer in general - use something like filevault , bitlocker or truecrypt to encrypt your drive - use a good firewall and preferably something like little snitch to find out if your computer is trying to communicate with some shady server - tape your webcam - avoid facebook like the plague - use tough passwords and dual factor whenever possible ... and many , many more . 
  of course , even if you do everything right you can never be completely secure , but at least you want to make it as tough as possible for the shills to get info about you . 
  you 're a programmer and you have n't heard of vpn ? 
   we 're truly a bizzare country like i understand that erdogan trying to conceal the leaks but why the flying fuck they got ta block the entire site ? 
  because url filtering does not work with https , just with http . 
  with https , the isp only sees the server 's domain name and ip address , it does n't see the specific url you are trying to access . 
  same as moldova/transnistria , most ukrainians there are pro-russian . 
  generally , ethnic minorities in post-soviet countries seem to be pro-russian , likely due to soviet nostalgia . 
  italy and spain need investment more desperately than poland , romania & co. not because they are poor , but because their economies are stuck . 
  eastern countries , while poorer , have economies which are already growing . 
  if the current trend continues , in a few decades most eastern eu countries will be richer than italy and spain anyway . 
  you 'd be surprised , my former boss was so stupid he would store documents that proved he did tax evasion on dropbox . 
  yes . 
  yup , sorry , i meant europe . 
  [ source ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/romania-feb-16-full-data-tables.pdf ) the numbers are deviations to the national average , which is written next to each country . 
  nationally , germany is viewed as the most favorable , while russia , the worst . 
  also , i made a mistake in he title , it should have been europe , not eu . 
  i did n't say they support jihadis , but it is a rap song , in german , that includes the words `` allahu akbar '' and it 's the only one that crossed my mind . 
   but i think it would be quite interesting to know , with what german rap song you can shout along `` allahu akbar '' not really a german song , but an austrian-romanian one  der schwachpunkt ist der l\u00fcftungsschacht ,  der wird bei nacht nicht \u00fcberwacht . 
  i 'll provide the link when i get home . 
  it took far less than 300 people to plan and execute 9/11 . 
  the romanian orthodox church survived communism unscathed , mainly due to their spineless nature . 
  they even refused to say anything bad about the commie regime until it was very apparent who would win the revolution . 
  during communism , all the priests who agreed to collaborate with the commie authorities were left alone and it is they who are the church leaders of today . 
  since the 1990s , there were thousands of churches built , some from donations , but many with state money . 
  money is all they think about , they manipulate people to vote certain ways in elections to ensure they keep getting money from the state . 
  they also spent a fortune to push propaganda so that religion classes would n't become opt-in ( they are currently opt-out ) and in general support any initiative that gives them more power . 
  in romania , some dudes buried a couple of pigs on a site where a mosque was going to be built . 
  i also heard about some american extremist vigilante groups who laced their bullets with pigs ' blood because they said the muslims would be going straight to hell when shot with them . 
  idk , german dogs seem more civilized than austrian dogs though . 
  however , what i did notice was that dogs do n't seem to bark , neither in germany , nor in austria . 
  i guess the noise disturbance laws must be pretty though , if owners go to great lengths to keep their dogs quiet . 
  lots of young people with nothing better to do probably . 
  while paris is sort of notorious for being being dirty , i did actually see a few people there pick up their dog 's shit . 
  also , normal dogs ( french ones included ) tend to shit in the grass , where it 's less likely to be stepped on , not in the middle of the sidewalk . 
  in vienna on the other hand , the dog will just suddenly stop in the middle of the sidewalk and take a dump , while the owner watches with satisfaction . 
  it is also the only country where i 've seen people taking their dogs to shopping malls , but fortunately i have n't seen dog shit in a mall yet . 
  at least the dogs do n't shit in the middle of the sidewalk like in austria , though . 
  the scary thing is that more people in the west believe the 9/11 conspiracy theory than people in russia believe mh-17 was shot down by russian army / russian separatists . 
  imho , mh-17 was a major fuck up of pro-russian separatists , but of course they , or russia , will never admit this , maybe only after 50 years from now or something . 
  because that givi guy is a well know separatist commander . 
  there might be some russian volunteers among his troops , but those are definitely not russian troops , because russia would n't let their own troops under the command of some rambo wannabe . 
  russian troops are way more professional , that 's how you differentiate them . 
  this video is almost [ 2 years old ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whnzehms5ke ) , god damn it . 
  that givi guy acting all though and shit , does n't even show any russian invaders , just separatists . 
  if you are going to make propaganda , at least do it properly . 
  of course they know , they already welcomed the german soldiers with their arms up . 
   yes , but we sometimes still work our asses off and try to meet those deadlines , even if we do n't meet them . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  just a comparison : this summer , they tried to resurface a road near my city . 
  simple , two-lane road , nothing fancy . 
  they came on day , scraped the asphalt of it and left it like that for a week , for no obvious reasons , since the weather was good . 
  then the next week , they came and resurfaced the road , took them two days , but they did n't mark it . 
  after another month , they came and did the markings . 
  now , in germany , same operation takes maybe 1-2 days , they come with thing that scrapes the asphalt , behind it is the thing that pours new asphalt , and behind it is the thing that levels the asphalt . 
  they also never leave a road unmarked , for obvious safety reason , even if it 's temporary markings . 
   german construction worker , using better tools and techniques simply manages to work less for the same thing . 
  well that 's the definition of efficiency . 
   and their deadlines are usually less stressful and their funding is significantly higher . 
  i do n't think their deadlines are less stressful , and while funding is indeed higher , it 's mostly due to the fact that the german worker makes $ 2000 or more per month , while the romanian worker makes $ 500 . 
  the fact that construction materials are n't getting stolen in germany is another plus . 
   anyway , construction working is probably a poor example for romania 's growth . 
  it 's most likely services that improved our gdp . 
  services means consumption , and that is usually bad growth , remember 2007-2008 when we had huge consumption based growth and then it all went to shit . 
   well we work our asses off ; i believe it 's one of the european countries with the largest number of average weekly working hours and smallest number of free work days . 
  i do n't think that 's true .
