  this is where the gypsy mafia came into play . 
  they either scammed owners to obtain the documentation or bribed notaries or public authorities and used forged documents to obtain property illegally . 
  once they obtain an apartment in a historic building , they would move some poor gypsy family in there and have them terrorize the other neighbors . 
  the gypsy families would then vandalize the building , throw urine and fecals in front of other people 's doors , threaten them , bully their kids etc. 
  simply put , they waged psychological warfare on them . 
  this became unbearable to most residents , who were desperate to leave those buildings and had to sell their apartments to the gypsy mafia for a heavily discounted price because no one else would buy them , for obvious reasons . 
  the more gypsies moved in , the more unbearable life became for the remaining residents and the easier it became for the gypsy mafia to get them to sell . 
  once they took control of the entire building , they would get the gypsies out of there , renovate the place and rent it to people and businesses , making huge amounts of money in the process . 
  you steal our oil ( with omv ) , we steal your handbags . 
  i 'd say it 's a fair deal . 
  judging by the confidence with which you speak about issues you know nothing about , i 'm 99 % certain you 're some kind moronic ignorant american trump supporter , so there 's no point in arguing with you . 
  the fact that you compare greece with romania proves you have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  massive orgy perhaps ? 
  i 've been seeing tons bentleys , porsches and ferraris for the past 10 years or so in my city , minimal trickle down effect though ... to be fair however , most of those people who own such cars in timisoara either made their money abroad or gypsies who acquired massive real estate through fraud . 
  we do have legit businessmen as well , but they are usually less profile , for example i know a guy who has made at least $ 30 million in the past decade and drives an opel . 
  people who drive show off cars are usually the douche baggy types with shady businesses that never pay any taxes . 
  `` developers '' . 
  it 's most likely they had their own employees do it . 
  i mean i know contracts are often rigged and shitty companies take them , but i refuse to believe this was made by anyone with even the most basic programming skills . 
  bulgarian would present an unfair advantage for slavs . 
  we should use maltese instead . 
  i would rather not have to learn the same word twice ( once how to pronounce it and once how to spell it ) . 
  at least german spelling is consistent ( i.e. 
  the same group of letters is always pronounced the same ) , while english is not . 
  just think about how english spelling works , you have * might * and * right * , but * write * and * termite * . 
   i am just surprised to hear a european opt for a spelling system that eschews it 's european heritage . 
  it does not * eschew * it 's european heritage , it just makes the english language slightly less bloated . 
  most european languages are a lot more phonetic than english and this adds a lot of unnecessary confusion for people learning it as a second language . 
  american english is n't very phonetic either , but at least it has less pretentious spelling rules . 
  does n't matter , american spelling is less brutal than british spelling . 
  * doughnut * , i mean seriously ? 
  there are 3 completely silent ( therefore useless ) letters in that . 
  you got ta be shittin ' me !, 
  well , unfortunately for the french ( because i assume they 're the ones who want to see english eliminated as de facto language of the eu ) , it is the most widely spoken language in the eu with or without britain . 
  native speakers do n't matter here - if a polish guy wants to communicate with a dutch guy , they 're going to do it in english probably 99 % of the time . 
  it is very retarded as a legal standard . 
  rape used to be a pretty simple crime to identify , the difference between sex and rape used to be like the difference between a tap on the back and a disfiguring punch to the face . 
  today , mostly thanks to radical feminist groups it has become very biased against men . 
  today 's definition of rape has become so vague , it has changed from something that could by easily identifiable via a straightforward medical examination to something that reduces to the word of the alleged victim against the word of the alleged rapist . 
  `` no means no '' laws are bad enough , but `` yes means yes '' laws are even worse . 
  how exactly do you determine if consent was given or not , if there are no marks of violence , nor witnesses ? 
  do you just blindly trust the alleged victim is telling the truth because women are angels from heaven incapable of lying ? 
  there are feminist groups out there actively encouraging women to report rape , just because they had sex with someone and felt bad about it the next day . 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  not to mention there are countries out there ( hint , sweden ) where it might be considered rape if your condom slips during fucking . 
  rape is a very serious crime , so serious that just a simple accusation is more than enough to fuck up your entire life , not to mention a conviction . 
  people should not be able to easily accuse others of rape without serious evidence to back it up . 
  the internet is too unreliable for this shit , they 'll have to figure out other solutions for this , like super capacitors . 
  receiving information from other cars is not something that depends or should depend on low latencies , if there 's a traffic jam 2 km ahead , it does n't make any difference whether that information is received within 1 ms or 200 ms. 
  no , they would n't , no sane government would allow self driving cars that require a constant low latency internet connection to function . 
  self driving cars use their sensors and their onboard computing power to evaluate their surroundings and take decision , not the fucking internet . 
  they only need the internet to update their maps and software , but this is not an application that requires very low latency . 
  and what kind of medical services are you talking about which would require wireless connections with very low latency ? 
  do doctors want to be able to remote control a robot that performs brain surgery from their living room using a smartphone ? 
  sorry , but i do n't have any expertise in this field so i would appreciate if you cared to elaborate a bit . 
   mobile internet is completely different . 
  you have air . 
  in the air there is : trees , humidity , passing cars , moving devices , tunnels , high buildings , heavy snow , leafy springs , etc yeah , it is , that 's why i think it should n't be used for applications that require very low latency . 
  also , fiber connections are not perfect either , the signal needs to pass through switches and routers which may be of varying quality , not to mention performing packet inspection to prioritize traffic also adds on top of that . 
   again , now the law literally says - you can not look into traffic , you can not inspect even a single packet of it . 
  is that really so ? 
  because my isp , if i do n't pay my bill and am browsing around , when i click a link , instead of taking me where i want to go , it gives me a page from the isp , with a warning that i have n't paid my bill , and a link within that page to navigate to where i wanted to go . 
  if they are unable to inspect packets , how are they able to do this ? 
  if the eu fucks up our internet , you 're probably going to see a roexit soon enough , you can fuck with whatever you want , but do n't touch our internets . 
   how do you expect me to guarantee 1ms delay for a service that deals with medical operation over youtube streaming how do the traders do it ? 
  they have their own infrastructure separate from the internet with much faster response times . 
  but we all know why telcos and other big companies want to kill net neutrality , it 's not about providing life saving medical services , rather to provide `` fast lanes '' and unlimited bandwidth for certain companies with the big bucks at the expense of smaller websites . 
  the web is already dominated by the big guys , weakening net neutrality would only reinforce that domination . 
  that 's brutal . 
   this makes me hope that they know what they 're doing and do n't act solely out of monetary interest . 
  there is 1 % probability they know what they 're doing and that it will be done properly . 
  99 % chance it will end up being some stupid shit designed to suck money . 
  i agree , this shit is getting out of hand . 
  in the us for example , if you decide to take a piss in a public place and get caught , you will end up on the sex offender record , however going with your dick out at a gay parade is perfectly acceptable ... 
  well , racism and xenophobia never really disappeared , the only difference between eastern and western europe is that eastern europeans are openly racist , while western countries like to fool themselves racism is no longer as big of a problem as it used to be . 
  and not only the french , the swedes , the british and the dutch also came here to complain about how the gypsies are being treated . 
  the funny thing is that even now they occasionally complain about us not integrating them , even though they fail at this more than we do ( at least gypsies are scared of the romanian police , but they do n't give a shit about the french/swedish/dutch / british police because they are too soft ) . 
   they might be romanian jews , which makes this a disheartening throw back to 1930s germany . 
  why does it ? 
  if this attack was indeed racially motivated , i doubt the arsonist ( s ) knew the owners well enough to know about their jewish heritage . 
  it 's far more likely they saw the `` romanian '' and `` eastern european '' labels and decided to fuck some shit up . 
  most moldovans do n't speak english , so information travels slowly there . 
  shit like this usually starts in the west , after some time romanians and russians find out about it and then finally moldovans find about it too from romania/russia . 
  basically a 4chan -  9gag -  facebook kind of information route . 
  anyway , moldova is decades or even centuries behind the rest of the world in most areas , flash mobs are a concept that was popular 7-8 years ago , so it 's not that bad if you think about it . 
  most people who live in the east and south of the country , especially in rural areas , ca n't get a job , because they are unskilled and the economy there is shit . 
  therefore they are a burden to the state , because the state ca n't let them just die off . 
  so they go to the uk or other countries , where is much demand for unskilled labor . 
  they make more money there , send back to their families who then stop being a burden to the state . 
  well , it does make sense , inside your little island , but not outside of it . 
  poland/romania are not very happy anyway that their bright people who get their education paid for by the polish/romanian states leave to contribute to the economies of more prosperous eu states , but they do n't make a fuss about it because people who are normally a burden for these states also leave , so at the end of the day it kinda evens out . 
  if the uk were to only accept highly educated immigrants from these countries , you can be sure the entire former eastern bloc would veto the shit out of any deal that would be viewed as favorable to the uk and did not include free movement of people . 
  i would n't say so . 
  both are very far away from joining , but moldova has some advantages over ukraine , like : - it is not currently involved in any active military conflict ; - it is a small country with a small population , thus it would have very little power to influence eu policies , would n't get a lot of eu funds , as well as little potential for mass migration . 
  it is a much easier pill to swallow for the eu than ukraine ; - romania has much closer relationship with moldova than poland has with ukraine . 
  romania is already bringing moldova inside the eu via the back door , by giving them citizenship . 
  some half a million moldovans have romanian citizenship and another half a million are waiting to obtain it . 
  anyway , both countries are at least 20 years away from joining , so it does n't even make sense to discuss it , because by that time moldova might not exist anymore and ukraine might swing back to russia 's sphere again , as it has done several times in the past . 
   if you 're healthy , have a stem degree and no criminal record it 's probably going to be very easy to move here . 
  and then you wonder why people dislike britain ( and the us , because they have a similar mentality in regards to this ) .
