  i just hope ukraine would annex transnistria already . 
   from his perspective there 's nothing to lose you sure about that ? 
  if britain leaves , i 'm sure eu financed projects would have to go on a diet . 
   obama does n't speak for me . 
  obama speaks for the us , he was elected by millions of people , you were elected by no one , so until his term ends , his opinion is more important than yours . 
   americans would never themselves accept what obama is asking britons to do . 
  boris is an idiot and a clown . 
  obama did n't ask britons to do anything , he just stated his opinion opinion on the matter , because brexit is not some internal issue of britain , it 's something that would have an international impact , so it obviously affects the interests of the us as well . 
  you have a transylvanian flair , so it 's called romania . 
  you are living in an alternate universe then . 
   seriously ? 
  he put orban in the same group as putin and erdogan ... 
  putting orban in the same group with erdogan and putin is also a bit of a stretch , do n't you think ? 
  all the south slavic languages sound like some italian person trying to speak russian . 
  yeah , because boris johnson and nigel farage and the guy who killed jo cox have so much more credibility / s pretty much the entire free world is against brexit . 
  so what , bucharest has had a female mayor for less than two weeks and she 's already gone full retard with commie measures that will make the city even crappier than it is today . 
  well , apple makes more money in a quarter from just selling iphones than nokia makes in an entire year from selling everything . 
  i would say its quite a failure for someone who used to lead the market . 
  nokia failed because of terrible management . 
  they failed to innovate . 
  they had such a great position as a market leader and they did nothing but shit on themselves . 
  also , as soon as microsoft acquired it , it was clear its faith was sealed . 
  microsoft has the bad habit of turning to shit everything they touch ( pretty sure the end is near for linkedin as well ) . 
  with all due respect , i do n't think anyone actually cared about what he was about to say , the room seemed pretty empty anyway . 
  he actually took one of those `` fast credits !, 
  no background check required '' loans and now has to pay $ 1500 per day just in penalties . 
  just some drama king protesting a foreclosure . 
  i do n't think anyone understands what was going on with all those dolls . 
  the guy was protesting because he was being foreclosed . 
   the politics surrounding each of those wars were far more important wrt their outcomes than any of the battles fought in the field . 
  well , politics did certainly play a role , but take the example of vietnam , a bunch of jungle illiterates were able to inflict massive damage on the us military , if american soldiers were n't returning home in coffins or wheel chairs in large numbers , there would have probably been far less opposition to the war . 
  considering the technical differences between the us forces and the nva , the us should have been able to steamroll those commies with minimal casualties . 
   you might as well look at the soviets afghanistan excursion and conclude their military sucks because they did n't win . 
  yes , the soviets did fuck up in afghanistan , one would have thought it should have been a lesson for the us to stay on its ass back in 2001 , but it obviously was n't . 
  afghanistan is just as big a shit hole today as it was before the us invasion . 
  on the other hand , since the collapse of the su , especially after putin took power , russia has been mostly successful in its military adventures . 
  it finished of chechnya and it achieved its goals in georgia and ukraine . 
  speaking of politics , one could consider that as the us military 's biggest weakness . 
  the us has a low tolerance for casualties . 
  the russians and chinese can go to war and lose half their soldiers , their politicians would n't even give a shit , in the us there would be a massive political shit storm after only a few thousand deaths . 
  even in wwii , if the us had suffered casualties anywhere comparable to the soviets or nazis i doubt it would have stayed in the war ( us military casualties were less than 10 % those of the nazis and less than 5 % those of the soviets ) . 
  that 's ... debatable . 
  please tell me one resounding success of the us military after ww2 , they fucked up in vietnam , they fucked up in korea , they fucked up in iraq and they fucked up in afghanistan ... worse still , we 're talking about fucking up against militaries which were far more inferior from a technical point of view to the us military . 
  i 'm afraid to even think what would happen if the us were put against a military force that has any serious capabilities , like china or russia . 
  they would have to take a significant part of ukraine first . 
  also , russia is trying really hard to get sanctions lifted , if they tried annexing anything , it would n't go down well for their cause . 
  why would russia annex moldova ? 
  actually , i need to rephrase that a bit , why the hell would anyone annex moldova ? 
  crimea has strategic value , also some tourism potential , moldova is just too shitty for russia to bother annexing , they do n't even give as much money to transnistria since annexing crimea . 
  the only reason would be to piss off romania , but i doubt we are relevant enough for russia to care to piss us off . 
  it 's not the same , ppp varies across states . 
  these figures do not really reflect on the standard of living . 
  for example , maryland is very high on this list , yet it 's largest city , baltimore , would be considered a shit hole even by bulgarian standards . 
  you sad greece does n't get invited to any parties these days ? 
  what do you think he does , pick pockets , shoplift ? 
  with his appearance , he would be far too obvious . 
  he is also well known to the police for begging , not anything else . 
  the fact that he has so much of the same notes is because he exchanges his money several times during the day , who the hell wants to sit around with a pocket full of coins and 1 leu notes ? 
  an average beggar in romania makes around $ 150 per day , this guy had $ 800 on him . 
  now imagine how much money they make in the west where people are far more `` merciful '' and wealthy . 
  [ here is another example of their disgusting tactics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eyb8jjnury ), 
  obviously you should n't throw coins at them because it means you 're giving them money . 
  they do n't care if you give it to them nicely or throw it at them , money is money . 
  where the hell is hungary ? 
  [ this is why you should n't give money to beggars . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hboeo8waukc ), 
   illegal for two same sex couples to hold hands in public that sounds like bullshit mate . 
  currently , the us . 
  if trump wins , this might not be the case anymore though . 
  we should probably start working something out with polan . 
  oh , it makes sense now . 
  i thought counterfeit implied it was illegal shit sold through the black market . 
  yeah , trump is basically the american version of farage , same package , just with more ignorance and arrogance . 
  i do n't know how such individuals gain so much support , my only guess is that media culture and sensationalism is making people act retarded . 
  same opinion here , farage would have made a good actor/comedian , but is terrible as a politician . 
  because not only it will fuck up both the british and eu economies , but it will also be the fulfillment of putin 's wet dream . 
  is n't this the place where the hungarians wanted to build some skyscrapers , but the plan was scrapped because there was too much controversy surrounding it ? 
  i do n't understand , if they raise the minimum price , wo n't this mean they will actually increase sales of counterfeit vodka , which is n't taxed because it 's illegal in the first place ? 
   cutting off immigration will tighten up the labour market , drive wages upwards and push up gdp per capita which has been stagnating for eight years . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but that 's just propaganda . 
  the eu does not mean open borders , it just means open borders for eu citizens . 
  leaving the eu would make absolutely no difference on non-eu immigration and eu immigrants pay , on average , more in tax than non-eu immigration . 
  regarding jobs , first of all , there are some jobs , for example in agriculture , that native brits simply wo n't take . 
  they prefer to live off benefits rather than work in the fields . 
  this forces british farms to employ labour from eastern eu . 
  if britain leaves , all these workers will have to leave , because the vast majority of them are on temporary contracts . 
  who will replace them , if the brits do n't want to ? 
  the farms will either start resorting to illegal immigrants or they would go out of business , both options being much worse than cheap labour from eastern eu . 
  the single market is also important . 
  around half of british exports go to the eu , if it leaves , exporters would face new taxes which would make their products uncompetitive with those produced in other eu countries . 
  do you think all these exporters will be able to find new markets for their products overnight ? 
  some will , others will go bankrupt , therefore jobs will be destroyed , not created . 
  lastly , regarding wages , maybe they will go out , but many business will want to move out of britain and it would also discourage investment . 
  many businesses would also start to resort to illegal migrants , or do you think all those car washes employing romanians and bulgarians would start employing brits from now on ? 
   the woman in the picture is not mundane nor everyday . 
  professional models are rare ( like 0,000001 % of the population ) that 's bullshit , at least in eastern europe , probably 10 % -15 % of women 15-25 could be supermodels straight away or after a little diet + excercise . 
  the only restriction that makes the supermodel status unattainable for the vast majority of women is height . 
   plus their photos are photoshopped to high heaven . 
  that 's true , but everyday people are aware of this too , that 's why they photoshop their facebook pictures as well . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone who believes the model looks exactly like in the picture , but she 's clearly no fat cow either .
