  what matters is the dynamism of the economy , whether it 's going up or down and atm it 's going up . 
  in my city at least , business is booming atm , lots of investment and lots of jobs openings . 
  social mobility is also having a field day , it is increasingly easy for young people to climb through the ranks of companies these day . 
  ofc , i 'm aware my city is not representative for the entire country , but other cities like bucharest and cluj are also booming and the economy as a whole is growing ( national growth was 3.7 % in 2015 , 4.2 % in the first quarter of 2016 ) . 
  so , again , we 're doing fine , do n't worry about us , worry about your own country . 
  hundreds of thousands of people googled `` what is the eu '' right after the vote , if anything , it 's an indication that many people did n't even know what they were leaving . 
  we 're doing fine , thank you . 
  no political shitstorm , no indication of major economic problems in the near future , no people going out threatening other people , no risk of breaking up the country , and romanians from the uk are planning to come back home , not the other way around . 
  if immigration from romania and bulgaria will be 10 % more than the average of the last 3 years , the swiss government can impose new restrictions in 2017 or 2018 , which would last until 2019 . 
  yeah , the eu is against this , last time they imposed quotas on eu migrants , they kicked them out from erasmus . 
  yeah , but he campaigned for remain . 
  he lost , he should now step aside , let the brexiters take over , maybe even leave the conservative party altogether and wait for them to shoot themselves in the foot so many times until they either bleed out completely or come begging to suck his dick to return as pm and become britain 's savior . 
  and britons telling us we 're being mean and spitful because they left . 
  good riddance , they 're going to tear themselves to pieces now . 
  because the eu has already enough problems biting its ass and keeping any scenario where this whole brexit nightmare is prolonged only generates more instability , uncertainty and increases the chance of the eu collapsing altogether . 
  now i know the total collapse of the eu is the dream of eurosceptics , especially hardliners like farage , wilders and le pen , so making the negotiations as long as possible only serves in their best interests . 
  an `` europe of nations '' is not in europeans ' best interests , anyone who thinks so only needs to look at the fucking history , it 's sad that in 21st century many people have learned absolutely nothing from the past . 
  yeah , i do n't understand why cameron did n't resign immediately , what is he hoping to achieve ? 
  he could have just resigned and let boris deal with the shitstorm he caused . 
  it would have been very entertaining . 
  if not now , then when ? 
  should we wait another 4 decades for them to decide if they want in or out ? 
  eu needs to move forward , it has a lot of problems to fix , like the eurozone , the migrant crisis , more transparency and accountability for eu institutions , there 's absolutely no need to turn brexit into yet another chronic problem just because of britain 's petty nationalism and imperialist nostalgia . 
  as we say in romanian , `` via\u021ba bate filmul '' , `` life beats the movies '' . 
  i just hope all this gets to be just a movie and does not turn into an endless soap opera . 
  is there any formally defined procedure for triggering article 50 ? 
  why ca n't the eu consider the referendum result as de facto triggering article 50 ? 
  because the uk has been acting like scum ever since they fucking joined . 
  they never wanted to be a part of europe , they just wanted to leech of europe economically , while giving very little in return . 
  they supported eu expansion to the east , hoping this would slow down integration , but then they started whining about polish , lithuanian and romanian workers coming to `` steal their jobs '' and blamed everything on the eu . 
  how disgusting is that ? 
  they never abandoned their imperialist mentality and this is what 's going to be their downfall in the end . 
  they want to be with their commonwealth ? 
  fine let them be with their commonwealth , they 're in for a big surprise when they 'll realize their commonwealth friends wo n't be as eager to take orders from london as they think they will . 
  if the uk does n't leave the eu , it would be like putting a rocket under farage 's ass , he would be propelled straight to the top and become an even greater problem than he already is . 
  oh , pls no , do n't turn this into yet another euro-crisis , the uk needs to be ejected asap so we can move on . 
  the uk voted out , it now has no right to hold the eu hostage with its internal political battles . 
  if scotland wants in the eu , they should separate from the uk and join , but not this shit . 
  first of all , norway and switzerland have different kinds of agreements . 
  norway has a lot of oil and does a lot of fishing , and staying outside the eu means they have control of these policies . 
  however , unlike the uk , they do n't have a problem paying fees to the eu or allowing unrestricted movement of people . 
  if they were against this , they would have not been given any special relationship . 
  switzerland , on the other hand , has different reasons . 
  switzerland would feel it 's status as a neutral country to be questioned if it joined the eu . 
  they also make a ton of money doing shady shit that the eu would never tolerate if switzerland was a member state . 
  just like norway , switzerland also chips in to the eu budget and allows free movement of people , albeit with a special cap . 
  the uk does n't have huge oil reserves , fishing is not as vital to the british economy and it 's also not neutral ( or planning to become neutral ) and too big to become a successful tax haven . 
  uk wants to leave mainly because it does n't want to give money to the eu and does n't want to allow free movement of people from the eu . 
  the eu simply wo n't give them any such agreement . 
  no one is suggesting there will be no trade between the uk and eu , but unless the uk goes for the norwegian model , but that 's unlikely because the uk would still have to pay membership fees and allow unrestricted free movement of people ( which sorts of defeats the entire point for most leavers ) , the uk could only get the sort of agreement egypt or morocco has , because it 's highly unlikely the eu will want to negotiate a custom tailored agreement like it did with switzerland . 
  yeah , farage is filthy rich and so is boris . 
  i almost feel sorry for those dumb english blue collars who think either of these men give a shit about their living standards and job opportunities . 
  just ca n't stop lying , can he ? 
  and how will they win now that they set the country on fire ? 
  boris is completely fucked at this point no matter what he does when he becomes pm , and he will take the conservative party down with him . 
  what do switzerland and norway have to do with this ? 
  lol , what kind of nonsense is that ? 
  the eu needs to protect its interests , of course it needs the most hardline pro-eu negotiators to do the job . 
  yeah , farage is the real risk . 
  if he gets to become brexit pm , it 's game over for the uk , it would basically plunge in the dark ages . 
  farage is an opportunist . 
  he was a very mediocre politician , but then saw the anti-immigration wave coming and decided to ride it . 
  this is what made him popular . 
  but a popular politician is not necessarily a good politician , because politics means policy-making above getting people to vote for you . 
  anyone who has a bit of charisma can make promises and win votes , but the question is , can he deliver on those promises ? 
  at least boris could actually negotiate something with the eu , but with farage it would just be insults tossed back and forth and nothing constructive could be had . 
  populism is a two-edged knife , populists count on desperate people with real problems to vote for them , but when they actually get power and are unable to deliver on those promises , everything backfires twice as hard as with a regular politician . 
  they also tend to scar the countries they lead and those scars last for a long time after they depart . 
  well , basically , boris has three options right now : 1 . 
  become pm , trigger article 50 , screw his career , his party and his country ; 2 . 
  become pm , not trigger article 50 , screw his career and his party ; 3 . 
  not accept to become pm , screw his career . 
  either way , boris is screwed , and he knows this , that 's why you did n't see him jubilating like farage after the result . 
  norway pays a lot of money to the eu , so not an argument . 
  yeah , continue to dream my friend , when the full effects of brexit come into force and the uk economy shrinks , i 'm pretty sure investment in wales is going to be the last thing on the head of a conservative government . 
  who said that ? 
  juncker basically told britain to prepare its asshole . 
  if anything , this is an early indication that negotiations will probably not go very smoothly . 
   but are n't expecting the uk to ask for one since the leave campain wanted to make their own rules etc. 
  do you know why brexiters are now saying there 's no hurry to invoke article 50 ? 
  because they know they 're royally fucked right now . 
  boris will probably accept any deal that the eu puts on the table and hope to find some way of selling it to the public . 
  if he tries anything else , it will likely result in the total collapse of the british economy , as well as the dissolution of the uk . 
   or it would mean that they would become equal partners of eu instead of a partner inside the eu . 
  no , not equal partners . 
  the eu makes the laws , britain follows . 
  if say , turkey were to join the eu ( unlikely , but still , let 's imagine ) , britain would have no way to veto their membership and would have to give turks full access to the british labor market . 
  if it was in the eu , it could just veto turkish membership indefinitely , i.e. 
  like slovenia blocked croatia from joining for quite some time . 
   there is also no guarantee that uk would still be the uk in a few decades with merkel openly inviting everybody into europe on behalf of social justice . 
  even though i 'm not a fan of merkel and her stupid policies , you ca n't start acting like the uk has no fault in this . 
  why the fuck did they have to bomb libya ? 
  if gaddafi had remained in power there would have been no migrants ( or very insignificant numbers ) coming from north africa , so half the problem would n't even exist . 
  also , if they are so influent and strong , as they claim , why did n't they tell their friends across the pond to not bomb syria ? 
  this whole migrant fuckery is completely the fault of the us , the uk and france , germany and the rest of the eu should not be blamed because these countries fucked up . 
   do you think scottish people will accept the euro ? 
  scotland could n't join the eurozone even if it wanted to . 
  even if it left the eu tomorrow , it would be decades away from joining the eurozone , so both the scottish economy as well as the eurozone economy will be in a very different shape by then , if it will even exist . 
   with oil prices low , can scotland afford to pay into the eu ? 
  or more likely , can the eu afford to pay into scotland now that they have lost one of their largest income streams ?
