  the setup was basically like a bank , so you could see how all the other interviews before you went . 
  each interview took 5-10 mins maximum and a pattern became extremely obvious very quickly - some employees were accepting pretty much everyone , a few rejected every second or third person . 
  i do n't know if this is an intentional policy of the us embassy , but it sure looked like it was . 
  even if it was n't it still means that being rejected or not has more to do with whether the embassy employee is an asshole or not , rather than legitimate concerns that the person might overstay or commit crimes etc. 
  unlike overstaying , which is a pretty objective measure ( people either overstay or they do n't ) , rejection rates are completely subjective and the us and canadian embassies can have their rejection rates as high or as low as they want . 
  yup . 
  oh , man , i ca n't believe you are so naive . 
  if they were n't making a shit ton of money begging in sweden , norway and finland they would n't go to sweden , norway and finland . 
  or what , do you think they just take a map of europe and randomly place pins on these countries ? 
  no , they are going there in an organized fashion , they do n't even pay for the trip directly they give part of their earnings to the bosses . 
  it works exactly like any other criminal enterprise , i.e. 
  drug trafficking and prostitution , they have their own hierarchy and the places where they beg are not chosen at random , they are selected by the bosses . 
  if you do n't believe me , do an experiment , find a place where they regularly beg and try to beg in proximity to them , in a few minutes you will be surrounded by at least 5 thugs who will tell you to fuck off or else ... 
  canada has no legitimate reason to maintain visas for romanians and bulgarians and this is a very small price to pay , especially considering the very favorable terms they 're getting with ceta . 
  same goes for the americans , although i 'm against the ttip anyway because it would turn europe into an american colony , so fuck that . 
  it wo n't materialize . 
  gypsies beg in western europe because they want to build palaces and buy expensive cars so they can show off . 
  they also come back to romania with vans full of stuff to sell at flea markets . 
  if they go to canada that wo n't be possible , plane tickets are expensive , you ca n't carry a lot of stuff and if they overstay they might not be allowed to go back to canada after coming to romania . 
  on top of all of this , the weather is also horrible , too cold for their liking . 
  thus , i expect gypsy interest in canada to be minimal . 
   read again what you have written . 
  really ? 
  they 're jealous ? 
  yup , i did . 
  i stand by what i said . 
  moldova is the poorest country in europe , romania has more than 4 times its gdp per capita . 
  we also do n't shit our pants whenever putin waves his dick around , moldova does , because if russia decides to pull a crimea or donbass there it would n't take a lot of effort . 
   according to most statistics , the majority of moldovans feel neither romanian nor russian . 
  they do n't feel romanian because they have an inferiority complex and feel jealous towards romania , because it 's a much more successful country and standard romania also sounds objectively better than the dialect spoken in romania . 
  i say objectively better because whenever a romanian goes to chisinau and speaks standard romanian all the girls wet their panties but when a moldovan comes to romania and speaks the moldovan dialect he gets laughed at . 
  so it 's a classic case of * they hate us because they ai n't us * . 
  rogozin is basically the russian version of comical ali . 
  of course they do n't care enough to publish all the shit he says . 
  plahotniuc is a much bigger than both shor or filat , but he is backed by strong friends both in bucharest as well as moscow , has the moldovan intelligence service under his foot and compromising information about most of the moldovan mps . 
  he even secretely recorded filat while he was still pm having sex with some journalist . 
  so he 's basically untouchable at this point . 
  yeah , because international sources have nothing better to do than write an article every time rogozin coughs some shit out his mouth . 
  how much are you willing to bet the twat is going to run again in 2019 ? 
  well , it 's not like tiraspol is a relevant or touristy city , it 's like a small soviet provincial city stuck in time . 
  it 's like half the size of kosice , for example . 
  he was arrested again a couple of weeks ago . 
  this time he 's in jail , not under house arrest . 
  shor is a small fish anyway , he could n't have stolen the billion for himself . 
  romania could pull a crimea any day if it wanted to , but that would create a ton of economic , political and crime problems , which we do n't really need . 
  btw , what were you doing in transnistria ? 
  shor is in jail right now . 
  dodon is the only authentic russian sock puppet . 
  voronin is a walking political corpse and usatyi is a gangster with megalomaniac dreams . 
  ever since its independence , moldova has loved sucking two dicks at once . 
  obviously , the strategy has n't worked for the average citizen , but it does help politicians to line their pockets . 
  moldova declared its independence from the soviet union , not romania . 
  it works in porn mode tho . 
   the russian deputy pm , dmitry rogozin claims to have received a weird sms from the russian operator mtc , `` welcome to romania '' . 
  the russian official is visiting moldova and will have a meeting with the economy minster , octavian calm\u00eec . 
   `` weird sms : welcome to romania . 
  incoming calls with the option zero without limits , from 1 to 10 minutes for only 95 rubles '' , rogozin wrote on his twitter page . 
   we remind that rogozin was `` welcomed '' at the chisinau airport with protest organized by several unionist organizations , including the liberal party , the national liberal party , the right movement and other unionist organizations . 
  among the slogans there were * out with russian army * , * bessarabia romanian land * , * 1812 - we do n't forget * , * rogozin and vova ( putin ) - out from moldova * and also * rogozin , persona non gratta in moldova *, 
  setting up a company is pretty straightforward and only takes a few days to be ready for business . 
  with regards to taxes , it really depends what type of company it is . 
  romania is very friendly towards tech companies , in the way that they get a bunch of tax breaks and benefits , other types of companies ... not so much . 
  the legal system on the other hand ... it 's a big fucking mess . 
  businesspeople here prefer to suffer some loses rather than litigate , unless it 's over a really large sum of money . 
  of course , this goes both ways , you are discouraged from other companies , but it 's also unlikely other companies will sue you . 
  but why ? 
  personally i 'm tired of always being served cosmeticized versions of politicians . 
  i 'd vote for a politician who is honest and really speaks his mind over one who just spews out the `` party line '' . 
  if politicians from a party think their leadership are a bunch of bloody idiots i 'd like to know that . 
  then explain how someone can raped at a festival with hundreds of people attending and no one giving a fuck ? 
  has europe turned into egypt overnight and i did n't get the memo ? 
  yeah , i noticed that in the article , but they do n't really give any details . 
  i find it hard to believe someone can be raped in the middle of a huge fucking crowd in europe , if that is possible , then sweden should be officialy renamed swedistan . 
  idk , imho since cologne , this whole ` sexual assaults ' thing has been overblown . 
  when i was 16 , at a new year 's party i got piss drunk , passed out and woke up to a fat ugly whale sucking my dick , yet no one wrote an article about it . 
  i puked a couple of times from the disgust , brought myself together and carried on . 
  fucks given : 0 . 
  when they talk of `` sex assaults '' people imagine some massive forced orgy , but in reality it 's just some creepy fucks grabbing some ass and boobs , which is indeed disgusting but i doubt it 's something that scars people for life . 
  i mean if a woman ends up traumatized because some random douchebag grabbed her boobs or something , i think that 's over reacting . 
  works now , thanks for the tip . 
  paywall . 
  france is becoming less and less relevant on the world stage and holland is n't helping it . 
  he has been president for 4 years now and has n't done shit . 
  during the ukraine and migrant crises he was basically acting like merkel 's pet . 
   the other member states shall assist assist can also mean perform oral sex on putin in the hope that he will back down . 
  there is simply nothing that binds eu member states to enter a war if a member state is attacked . 
  eu has no army tho . 
  no , they should have developed some critical thinking skills instead . 
  also , i 'd trust a banker over boris and nigel any day , these two men are of the same quality as your tabloids . 
  it 's not nonsense , whenever the west throws a bone to russia , they 're like `` russia stronk , fascist gay west is scared of us ! '' . 
  they think of themselves as comparable to the us and europe as a bunch of us vassals . 
  russia is like a teenager with anger issues who needs to be bitch slapped . 
  but sweden is n't even in nato . 
  join nato , then we can talk about defending gotland before it becomes \u041f\u0443\u0442\u0438\u043d\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u041e\u0431\u043b\u0430\u0441\u0442\u044c . 
  why is ukip still coming to the ep ? 
  they wanted to leave the eu , they 've had their referendum , now they should fuck off . 
  he was referring to the politicians , not the people who voted to leave . 
  i also agree with him , the politicians are rats , the people who voted for brexit are just sheeple . 
  yeah , but wizz air does only bucharest-cluj . 
  it 's a start , but we have a long way to go before we can say we have a decent domestic flight market .
