  most likely , after he left , the employees stole all the quality stuff and kept it for themselves or sold it on the black market , leaving the peasants to wait in line for whatever crap remained . 
  the only county that had well stocked grocery stores was sibiu county , because the county head was ceausescu 's son , who wanted to be seen positively by the people , as he would have been the most likely successor to his father . 
  would i fight for my country ? 
  yes , definitely !, 
  would i join the romanian army , led by scumbags who were made generals for absolutely no reason other than receiving huge pensions and other benefits from the state ? 
  no , fuck that !, 
  i 'm not cannon fodder !, 
  i would only join the army if they ** publicly executed ** all commanders , from officers to generals , who got promoted for any reason other than legitimate merit . 
  our president has gone into full allahu akbar mode against them . 
  there will be a referendum on the issue . 
  however , his power is limited and the crooks have control of a large part of the media which is pushing russian style propaganda . 
  the problem is that a large part of the population , especially older people eat that propaganda up . 
  who from the eu will fix it exactly ? 
  merkel ? 
  or maybe that loud mouth with shitty teeth who manages to piss everyone off ... verhofstadt ? 
  the eu has n't been able to fix jack shit in the past couple of years , they were unable to stop the migrant crisis , unable to make russia calm the fuck down , unable to prevent brexit and unable to stop hungary and poland from becoming increasingly regressive and authoritarian . 
  i 'm surprised how many people assume trump will act rationally , he is a narcissist with a brain the size of a peanut and all he cares about is feeding his ego , even if that means being extremely toxic for the us and the entire world . 
  i do n't think there was ever a president in us history who managed to piss off half of the fucking world before he even took office . 
  if trump does n't quickly change his attitude , and i mean radically change his attitude , he will do irreversible damage that can not be simply reversed by the next president in 2021 . 
   i hope the eu will assist in doing so like they did in romania with great success . 
  umm , yeah , about that , if you have n't heard , the party which recently won the election has gone into full allahu akbar mode against the anticorruption directorate and they are trying to pass emergency ordinances to pardon all the crooked politicians and modify the criminal code to basically legalize corruption . 
  also , the head of senate just gave the eu the middle finger yesterday . 
  they are willing to do just about anything , including completely fucking up the country , just so that they can be able to keep on stealing . 
  well , in romania it 's perfectly legalto say whatever you want in most cases ( except on the radio or tv ) . 
  for example , this was said about our former pm , adrian nastase ( 2000-2004 ) by a political opponent , while he was still in power ( and a strong supporter of censorship )  adrian nastase - a dangerous sick man , protagonist of several video tapes , where he appears as an active participant ( passive , actually ) at homosexual orgies . 
  one of them was filmed at a gay club in england , where candyboy [ nastase 's nickname ] is playing with several other fags , all of them naked . 
  the tapes were , of course , never proven to exist , but still , no one was prosecuted . 
   calling someone a goat fucker and child rapist is not satire . 
  how do you know erdogan is not a goat fucker and/or child rapist ? 
  i do n't know about israel 's head of state , but the head of government is definitely a complete scumbag . 
  why has n't this happened already ? 
  why no lane markings after the bridge ? 
  did they resurface the road in the middle of winter ? 
   the flight was escorted by italian eurofighter and french mirage fighter jets while traversing their respective airspaces . 
  the swiss air force did not respond because the incident occurred outside normal office hours , which are 08:00 -- 12:00 and 13:30 -- 17:00 ; a swiss air force spokesman stated : `` switzerland can not intervene because its airbases are closed at night and on the weekend . 
  it 's a question of budget and staffing . '', 
  switzerland relies on neighboring countries to police its airspace outside of regular business hours . 
  the french air force has permission to escort suspicious flights into swiss airspace , but does not have authority to shoot down an aircraft over switzerland . 
  slovenia and poland ? 
  like the timon and pumbaa of europe ? 
   i 'll never put my panties in a bet weak . 
  yeah , but dragnea ( head of the sdp ) is trying to now use this guy as an excuse for his mass pardoning plan ( `` see , ppl are dying in prizon , we need to do something asap '' ) . 
  of course , dragnea is more concerned about his own legal problems , as he is already serving a sentence on parole and will likely soon be convicted for another crime , in which case he would be going straight to prison for the next 5-7 years or so . 
  50 lei ... could have been 80 , but unfortunately i do n't have a dog . 
  actually , a journalist just digged this and discovered mortality rates in romanian prisons are three times less than in the general population [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/5q1m2j/til_mortalitatea_\u00een_penitenciarele_din_rom\u00e2nia/ ), 
  miss belgium , i 'd tap that if she would be alive and ~ 85 years younger today . 
  the rest , i do n't know man , i 'm not a huge fan of today 's beauty standards either , but back then it 's like they had a completely different idea of beauty . 
   you do n't need it to serbia but need it to moldova ? 
  moldova is more backwards . 
   but actually moldova should be an appealing destination for romanians , no ? 
  at least for personal/family reasons . . moldova is one the least visited countries on earth . 
  i 'm sure there are some mixed romanian/moldovan married couples , but it 's not such a big number . 
  when i was in moldova , 3 years ago , there were relatively few cars with romanian license plates ( there were very few cars in general , some parts of the country can feel almost like north korea ) , i 've seen more cars with romanian license plates in vienna than i 've seen in chisinau ( and there are n't so many care with romanian license plates in vienna ) . 
  i remember there was some news last year of some hijacked plane from africa that flew over switzerland but was n't intercepted because it was during the off hours . 
  it was rather embarrassing , to say the least . 
  you also know nato is fucked up when the reason greece spends so much on defense is fear of another nato member . 
   ukraine is not so far from romania for instance , and it 's cheaper than going west ... definitely not the case , i can book a flight from my city to germany for literally 3 euros , [ i shit you not ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5pw3xr6.png ) . 
  also , most people do n't care to go to ukraine or moldova , because : - there 's not much to visit there , at least compared to the west ; - the only things which are significantly cheaper in ukraine/moldova are cigarettes and alcohol and it is extremely illegal to bring back more than a very small amount ( like 2 packs of cigarettes per person ) ; - waiting times at the hungarian/bulgarian border are like 5-10 minutes , at the ukrainian/moldovan border they can be up to 5 hours , especially when you are crossing from ukraine/moldova back into romania ; - exchanging romanian lei for ukrainian hryvnias or moldovan lei is more expensive than exchanging them for euros - ukrainian/moldovan roads suck ass , so if you go by car , you will likely have to go straight to a repair shop when coming back . 
  - serbia , which is the only other non-eu neighbor of romania only requires an id card for romanian citizens , no need for a passport . 
  the romanian one is around $ 50 for 5 years . 
  i think it 's reasonable though , most people do n't need a passport anyway . 
  italy 's coat of arms looks too fucking communist . 
  did n't know tesla had 3 new models , the old ones looked better . 
  in soviet russia , braille reads you . 
  who is the disgrace ? 
  sarkozy or the gypsies ? 
  the funny thing is that a `` republic '' is implicitly assumed to be democratic and thus ruled by the people . 
  calling a dictatorship `` democratic people 's republic '' is basically as retarded as calling a club `` the golfers ' golfing golf club '' despite the people at that club having nothing to do with golf . 
  sarkozy tried that once , he gave them plane tickets and $ 300 per person , it was like a vacation for them , in one month they were all back in france . 
  a bit misleading , the first thing that came into my mind was `` wtf , since when is there a half cent coint '', 
  so what if the media was pinning the protests on him , i do n't a president who plays by a3 's and rtv 's rules . 
  the people who believe what the a3/rtv says already have a hole in their brain so it 's pointless for iohannis to try to appeal to those sorts of people , in fact the only way he could stop the a3/rtv talking shit about him was if he just sat in his office all day and let the crooks do whatever they want . 
  yup , works like a charm , especially on older people ( who were already brainwashed during communism and thus very susceptible to the type of propaganda the sdp is pushing ) and people with little education , especially in rural areas who are easily manipulated . 
  most people have at least a few grandparents/parents/uncles / aunts/in-laws or whatever who votes for sdp . 
  which part sounds like sarcasm ? 
  personally , i 'm not sure iohannis is completely clean ( i 'm not sure any romanian politician is completely clean tbh ) , but at least he 's much , much , much cleaner than the puppet government who are basically trying to pass an emergency ordinance that would free all crooked politicians and their friends from the private sector and turn romania into a mafia state . 
  well , germany is seen here as a sort of utopia of how romania should be like . 
  people want german roads , german houses , german cars , german working conditions , german salaries , pretty much german everything except german internet ( sorry , but your internet sucks compared to ours ) . 
  especially on the houses part , i see everyone who worked in germany for a few years , when they come back they renovate their houses to look as german as their wallet allows ( i have n't seen this with people who have worked in other country like spain , italy , uk etc ) . 
  since germans have always been seen as serious , hardworking and honest people , of course iohannis ' ethnicity was sort of an advantage during the election campaign , but of course the opposing sdp tried their best to turn it into a bad thing ( merkel puppet , foreigners taking over romania and other bullcrap ) , even though the sdp supported iohannis becoming pm way back in 2010 when they were sort of on the same side and also the piece of shit tariceanu , who is now one of iohannis ' most vocal critics once said he ( iohannis ) was a good candidate to romania 's presidency . 
  well it 's a protest against what the government is trying to do , so i think it 's appropriate to call it an anti-government protest . 
  also , i doubt anyone at the protest would mind if all the cabinet members would be put on a rocket ship and sent to the moon . 
  condoms suck though . 
   an existing democracy with opposing parties is my higher priority for now . 
  i understand , but my point is that fights like these do not help build a stable democracy in any way . 
  the thing is when the ruling party has control of the propaganda machine , incidents like these will always be spun off to make it look like the opposition is full of uncivillized thugs , no matter who starts it . 
  this is also true of protests . 
   actually occasional fights in the parliament can be a sign of working democracy . 
  no , they are absolutely not . 
  fights are never an answer for solving disagreements , maybe only if you 're in the sixth grade . 
  mps should be an example of behavior for the population , they should always speak and act in a civilized manner , even when they intensely disagree . 
  fights are a manifestation of weak people exhausting their rational arguments . 
  after all , the parliament expresses its power through voting , if you beat up an mp who disagrees with you , do you think it will make them reconsider their vote ? 
  quite the opposite i would say . 
  not really government paranoia , but mostly soviet mentality of army commanders , `` blin this my territory you no take picture unless i say so '' . 
  however , if you give them a small present , like a bottle of jack daniels or 20-50 $ , the `` paranoia '' quickly goes away and they let you take pictures of everything you want , they 'll probably even take you on a tour . 
  if you drive there with an expensive car , you might have to take a train/plane ride back home , otherwise you should be fine . 
  yeah , i think otto warmbier would want to say something about that . 
   govt paranoia about photography of anything military apparently that 's ridiculous , their entire millitary budget is around 16 million euros ( or dollars , ca n't remember , like it matters anyway ) , which is like 1/5th of the budget of schwechat . 
  transnistria alone ( without the russian troops ) has a larger army , better equipment , and better trained soldiers than moldova proper .
