   developing countries skip other communications infrastructure and go straight to mobile networks for the backbone of their communications . 
  that 's not true , at least not in the case of romania . 
  we had almost all the same communication technologies that were used in the west . 
  from phone lines with manual switchboards in the early 1900s , to dial-up internet in the early 1990s , to isdn , adsl and all that bullshit in the late 1990s , to fiber in the early 2000s . 
  for mobile networks we had everything starting with 2g in 1997 , 2.5 g , 3g and 4g . 
  with 3g , we were a little late to the party , but after smartphones started becoming a thing in '08 and '09 prices became affordable and adoption went through the roof . 
  with 4g , again , we were a bit late to the party , because the government only started giving licenses for the 4g spectrum in 2012 , but after the telcos got their licenses , they moved pretty quickly to roll it out . 
  yeah , most foreign servers cap your speed so you do n't fuck up their bandwidth . 
  people from abroad do n't usually notice this , because they do n't have 300 - 1000 mb/s connections . 
  that 's not true . 
  i do n't use steam , but i use a ton of cloud services and they work just fine . 
  for example , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1c2qks8.png ) is my speedtest with a new york based server and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m1vmfh9.png ) is my speedtest with a bucharest based server . 
  of course the bucharest one is going to have faster speed and lower ping , but that 's just normal . 
  the reason why some people think their internet is shitting itself when downloading something from abroad is because most servers actually cap your download speed so you do n't fuck up their bandwidth . 
  so of course , for someone who is used to pulling 30-40 mb/s from filelist.ro , it might seem that the internet is shitting itself when they 're pulling `` only '' 4-10 mb/s from steam or some cloud service . 
   you really do not need to videotape every shit moment of your life . 
  i had my license suspended once because i was in an accident and it was my word , as a then 20 year old , against the other driver 's word , who was 65 . 
  i do n't go anywhere without turning on my dashcam now . 
   they want it that way ( which is also why we 're the only country other than bosnia herzegovina and moldova without any sort of steet view . 
  that 's funny , because six , seven years ago there was a small romanian company which made a street view of austria , however they pulled it down , but because they went bankrupt , not due to legal problems . 
  anyway , the law is still beyond retarded , first of all because there is no reasonable expectation of privacy on a public road and secondly because it 's still legal to film anything on the road as long as the camera is handheld , not fixed . 
  i think it should be unconstitutional in any state that calls itself democratic and free to limit the freedom of recording stuff in the public domain . 
  even if the car is private property , you still do n't have a reasonable expectation of privacy , if a cop sees you getting a blowjob in a car , you still get fined , even if it 's private property . 
  because russia is know for having stupid laws that limit freedom , yet it is not only legal , but encouraged to use dashcams , even though the videos end up on youtube and show everyone how retarded russian drivers are . 
   or what ? 
  what kind of bargain power do they have ? 
  for example if all eu nationals who work for the nhs would go on strike , britain would be pretty much fucked . 
  of course , that 's not going to happen , because nhs workers wo n't get kicked , ever , and the eu is too loose of a concept for eu citizens to show solidarity with each other . 
  who the votes for these clowns anyway ? 
  if they ca n't keep their family together when they are n't even in power , it should be a pretty strong hint what kind of leaders they would be if they were actually given power . 
  they would probably be too consumed by eating each other alive rather than actually running the country . 
  it 's funny , these people ca n't even keep their family together , yet they are some idiots who think they would make good leaders in power . 
  it 's simple . 
  the civil partnership thing was passed when the socialists were in power , then fidesz made marriage exclusively between a man and a woman . 
  they probably did n't touch the civil partnership law so as not to have a shitshow with the eu . 
  honestly , if i had a kid , i would n't let that guy with that creepy ass smile even touch him , let alone perform surgery . 
   hope he gets 20 to life ... 
  there is no such thing in the romanian criminal code , what do you think this is , usa ? 
  yup , that 's exactly what i 'm saying , we got fucked in the ass because young people did n't fucking vote . 
  i even had a massive argument with one of my friends , he just simply did n't want to vote . 
  we basically got what we deserved . 
  for those who do n't understand what happened and just want a short summary : we basically got fucked in the ass by pensioners , public servants and benefit queens . 
  no , but the japanese and koreans work twice as hard as americans and western europeans for the same incomes or even less . 
  many work so much that they do n't even have personal lives . 
  they also do n't have massive welfare benefits systems to sustain , but even so , demography is going against them , especially in the case of the japanese , their population is aging rapidly and soon enough they will have no option but to get migrants in . 
   the best and brightest go to america where there are numerous caveats to entry . 
  you need a visa , need health insurance , have to prove you have anough money to live on , and are asked to leave if you dont get a job after two years etc. 
  i personally know like three people who are in the us enrolled in community colleges and work illegally . 
  what you are saying is bullshit . 
  it is currently extremely easy for someone who is young to get into something like the work and travel program , go to the us , extend their visa , get admitted to a community college , get into a sham marriage and become a legit us citizen . 
  it 's not like the us has found a solution to illegal immigration and neither will trump . 
   the distinction is the us does n't have a problem with economic migrants pretending to be students to game the fawning system , the uk does . 
  as i explained above , it does . 
  however , if this was the real problem , then they would n't say they want to `` cut student visas by half '' , but they would come up with a system where the home office would have to license every college that can enroll foreign students.if there were no fake colleges , there would be much less visa fraud . 
  but that 's not what the home office is interested in , they want to reduce net migration and in reality , fake students are probably a relatively small percentage compared to the number of legit students , so just getting rid of the fake ones would n't make a big enough dent in the net migration number . 
  anyway , it 's extremely stupid to assume that illegal immigration is a problem which can be solved , as long as there are poor countries with very few opportunities , there will always be people that will do anything they can for a better life and employers that will be more than happy to pay less to an illegal immigrant who can do the same job as a legal or native immigrant . 
  the only realistic way to stop illegal immigration is to commit economic suicide and make your country unattractive for migrants . 
  this is retarded . 
  the tories are so desperate to reduce net migration figures that they 're willing to discourage even smart people from coming to their country . 
  this surely is n't going to bite back , no sir / s, 
  corruption permeates every romanian party , but with the social democratic party is the most disgusting . 
  they have the most corrupt politicians and they 're pretty proud about it too . 
  they want to reduce the power and reach of the dna and also get many politicians out of jail . 
  however , this is only part of the problem - their voters are mainly pensioners , public servants and people who live off welfare benefits . 
  except for the major bullshit they spewed about the government being run by soros and the main opposing parties being controlled by outside forces , their entire campaign has been based on making promises for these people , promises of higher pensions , higher wages for state employees , higher benefits , higher minimum wage etc. 
  obviously , the only way to achieve this is by fucking the people who are actually productive for the economy . 
  the sad part is that most of the productive people are among the ~ 60 % of people who did n't vote because they are fucking stupid and chances are they will still be fucking stupid and not vote 4 years from now , which basically gives the psd a green light to fuck them in the ass , the same way they have been doing for most of the past 26 years . 
  again , the tragedy is n't that many people voted for psd , those people would have voted psd anyway , the sad part is that the majority of people did n't vote at all , because they are fucking stupid . 
  it 's funny , because it was a technocratic pm ( mugur isarescu ) who turned the country around in 1999 , from a collapsing shit hole with triple digit inflation into a stable growing economy . 
  but of course , idiots will always vote for the guys who promise them more money from the state , not for the guys who actually know how to fix the fucking economy . 
  i 'm not a big fan of ciolos , but honestly , give the guy a fucking break . 
  he has been pm for just over a year with the parliament majority being against him . 
  he did whatever he could in reducing taxes and making the bureaucracy more efficient , but there 's so much one man can do in only a year and with a corrupt parliament trying to fuck him at every turn . 
  also , do i need to remind you that romania had the highest economic growth in the eu this year ? 
  just this , by itself , is a remarkable achievement . 
  if the psd promises trump some good bechtel style contracts ( in which some american company comes here , does practically nothing and gets hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars ) , i 'm sure he would actually support the psd getting rid of the dna . 
  are those tablets multi purpose or something at least ? 
  there will likely be no more elections until 2019 , by that time we will probably have the new electronic id cards and the batteries in those things will probably swell and go to shit anyway , so they 'll have to buy new ones - perfect opportunity for some money laundering . 
  well i think it sucks that romanians in other countries do n't really bother to vote . 
  there 's supposed to be like 1 million romanians in italy , yet only 14.500 actually bothered to vote . 
  i just hope it wo n't look [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6qprzmx.jpg ) tomorrow . 
   i , at least , voted very confidently , for us , the cesspool , as they , our masters , like to call us . 
  i am happy to be a part of the romanians , like they call us , the cesspool and i think today we have an extraordinary chance to grab our country back from our masters . 
  up to 9 votes now . 
  [ this is how they vote in teleorman ] ( http://www.timesnewroman.ro/files/attach/images/127/623799/cabine-de-vot-in-teleorman.jpg ), 
  that would be rather problematic , because the internet in north korea is so underdeveloped , they have shit peering , i doubt they would be able to stream anything better than 144p . 
  just voted . 
  idk , in my city i see a lot of cafes and bars and even gas stations keep their breezeways open even now , in the winter , and have blankets and electric or gas heaters to accommodate smokers . 
  it 's still cold as fuck , but it 's better than nothing . 
  20 years ago , they would go to jail if they fucked in the ass , today they want `` civil partnerships '' , but no worries , as soon as they will have that , they will want `` marriage equality '' , then adoptions , then free drugs so they can fuck a dozen partners a day and not get hiv and so on . 
  it 's already happened in other countries , so i do n't buy any bullshit . 
  in my opinion , the lgbt propaganda groups can suck a dick ... oh wait , they do that anyway !, 
  take [ this ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2016/08/02/breaking-high-court-overturns-nhs-decision-not-to-fund-hiv-preventing-prep-drugs/ ) for example . 
  it is an expensive treatment and the nhs was basically forced by the court to roll it out , for free . 
  `` at risk gay men '' is an euphemism for promiscuous gay men , because you are n't really much at risk of contracting hiv if you do n't fuck around with everybody . 
  so basically , the taxpayer is forced to pay for a drug that would be completely unnecessary if gay men would n't fuck with dozens of partners at a time or they would use condoms . 
  speaking of condoms , those are n't even subsidized , but the state should subsidize expensive drugs that only benefit gay men , funny . 
  you are very naive if you think the chinese are just being nice and do n't have their own agenda . 
  china wants to be just like the us , just a lot more totalitarian . 
  i would take berlin over beijing any day , at least the germans have a culture i can understand and relate to , as an european .
