   30 % of us have irish descendants ; myself included . 
  you mean ancestors . 
  how much is the average wage ? 
  if i understand correctly ( i 'm no expert , so do n't quote me ) , at this point , if i wanted to do business in romania , i would n't have to actually register my company in romania , i could simply go to some place like luxemburg , register it there and pay less taxes . 
  if the eu had a common fiscal policy , i would also have to pay more tax in luxemburg so i could just as well register my company in the state i 'm doing business in . 
  of course they 're too conservative , because retarded western governments turn a blind eye to saudis funding mosques because , you know , oil , and then they act all surprised when some imbecile blows himself up shouting `` allahu akbar '' . 
  if there is a worse threat to europe than russia , that 's the fucking saudi scum . 
   i would reconsider strengthening ties with russia . 
  lol , no thx . 
  fucking babyface renzi trying to act tough . 
  maybe italy should start solving its own problems before telling others what to do . 
  did he forget how he had roman statues covered up for some rich fucking arabs because he was so desperate for investments ? 
  if his coast guard would n't provide free ferry services for north african migrants maybe there would n't be any need to distribute migrants ? 
   obviously the uk measure its gdp in pounds , just like other countries measure theirs in their own respective currency . 
  except , no one gives a shit about the numbers in that currency , everyone looks at the value in us dollars . 
  it grew in pounds , not in dollars or euros , which makes this shit quite relative , especially since the uk relies heavily on imports . 
  if he was a directly elected eu president , it probably would be 7 digits . 
  he probably would n't have the power to dissolve it . 
  and even if he did , why would he do it ? 
  this man has built his entire career on european politics , do you think he would give up on that sweet , likely 7 digit salary paid for by the eu taxpayer ? 
  have no idea , it 's obviously very cryptic . 
  i never even heard about sandra pralong until now , i had to google her . 
  turns out she is a good friend of soros , worked as a councilor for former president emil constantinescu , worked with a bunch of international organizations and ran ( unsuccessfully ) for a place in the romanian senate in 2012 . 
  i wonder how much a scrapyard would pay for a fighter jet . 
  that would be retarded , we do not have the resources to maintain more than one type of fighter jet . 
  i think daylight saving time is just retarded , useless and places an unnecessary strain on the human body . 
  fuck that . 
  secondly , hungary , croatia , austria etc. 
  should not be in cet , it gets dark way too early there . 
  this was funny the first dozen times it was posted here . 
  and i think my backyard should be the center of the un and journalists should pay me whenever they want to snap photos of world congregating there . 
  what , no one gives a shit about what i think ? 
  what a damn surprise !, 
  a romanian and a hungarian share a train compartment . 
  hungarian : excuse me , can you tell me what that sign says ? 
  romanian : well , it 's in romanian , it says `` forbidden to lean over the window . 
  serious risk of injury or death . '', 
  hungarian : oh , okay , and below that ? 
  romanian : it says the same thing but in english . 
  hungarian : and below that ? 
  romanian : the same thing but in german ... hungarian : but why does n't it say so in hungarian ? 
  romanian : because you are allowed to . 
  prague . 
  i think this is a good thing . 
  hungary is one of the few eu countries which still flirts with russia . 
  hopefully this will make them wake up . 
  also austrians still like to kiss russian ass , they seem to have forgotten when russians were mocking them for conchita wurst . 
  but that 's normal , they also forgot about the smell of russian dicks that stood close to their noses until 1955 . 
  you do n't get shit , presidency over the eu council is mainly a ceremonial role . 
  the only good thing that might come out of this is a few facelifts in bucharest , so as not embarrass ourselves yet again . 
   reportedly telling officers in initial interviews that he was experiencing a `` sexual emergency '' after not having sex in four months . 
  this would be funny if it was n't real . 
   and ordered to pay $ 4,700 ( # 3,700 ) compensation to the boy 's family . 
  are you kidding me ?!, 
  does that even cover the expenses for medical investigations ? 
  what the fuck , austria , even in romania rape victims get better compensation . 
  deficits are not always bad though , for example when interest rates are low . 
  the minimum speed that my current isp offers is 300 mbps down/150 mbps up . 
  i normally use a vpn though , because i do n't want them to poke around my shit , so i only get 20 mbps up and down . 
  in romania , the cities and countryside are like 100 years apart . 
  except for smartphones and internet , most people who live there have very little in common with the modern world . 
  most romanians you see in the uk working their asses off at shit jobs come from the countryside . 
  there are also romanians who emigrate from the cities , but those usually have better jobs , like doctors , it specialists/programmers , engineers etc. 
  adsl is shit , i had it until 2007 , it was only 4 mbps and would often get disconnected at peak hours . 
   my question is : is there a plan ? 
  there is none . 
  just nationalist rhetoric and politicians hunting for votes . 
  i 've seen many politicians talk about this on hour long talk shows , 90 % of what they say is the same old bullshit about language and culture which everyone already knows . 
  however , not one of them ever wants to talk specifics , like how much it would cost , where the money would come from , how to deal with transnistria , gagauziya , possible ethnic tensions , organized crime etc. 
  to me , this simply proves it 's just empty talk for dumb voters , there is no plan . 
  and they do n't need one , either . 
  they are n't idiots , they love their power and they know their friends , the politicians from across the prut river love their power too and would never agree to give it away , no matter how unionist they claim to be . 
  they would want huge concessions , in the form of an extended autonomy and control over all the money that would flow from romania and the eu to moldova . 
  our politicians would never agree to give them anything more than a dick in their mouths , thus an agreement could never be reached . 
  i think there are more hungarians who can speak german , but generally they suck at foreign languages . 
  i do n't believe the number for austria , it seems very inflated . 
  a few years ago i got a nasty sunburn there , the doctor , which was pretty young ( around 35 ) could n't speak a word in english . 
  same goes for shop assistants , waiters , mechanics etc. 
  it is hard to find someone that can actually speak english , generally they can understand some , but not speak . 
   if you do n't have shit chinese tourists will want to take selfies in front off those * shit chinese tourists * you are talking about spend money , so they 're always a good idea . 
  but do n't worry , they wo n't ever go to moldova , they wo n't ever give a shit about some citadel built by a vassal of poland who is now hailed as some sort of protector of europe , ofc , only in romania and moldova , because outside of these two countries he is a nobody . 
  anyway , you did n't even touch my point and say what value it would bring , you just spewed a bunch of insults . 
  i assume because of massive privacy implications . 
  in romania , there 's a huge difference between the cities and the countryside . 
  you 'd have to be pretty hardcore to want to live in the countryside : - usually no running water or sewage . 
  you either have to invest big bucks in a water pump and septic system or get used to pulling water out of a well with bucket and shitting in a smelly outhouse in the winter at -20 degrees celsius . 
  - almost no young/smart people to interract with . 
  social activities are limited to drinking alcohol and discussing retarded subjects . 
  - you may have to travel 20 + km to the nearest decent supermarket - if you order something off the internet , you may have to pay ** a lot ** more for shipping , depending on how far away you live from the nearest city . 
  - no fiber . 
  if you are lucky , some decent adsl , but usually you will have to deal with 3g , which is slow , expensive and capped . 
  worse still , there are quite a few villages where internet is n't available at all ( though the government has started to get involved and change that ) . 
  - in general , people from the countryside are treated as second-class citizens from many points of view . 
  because credit scores are different in different countries . 
  for example , in romania , there is n't even a concept of credit , we just have a central blacklist that all banks can access . 
  the uk is a very bad example though , they are on the brink of leaving the eu and never intented to join the eurozone anyway , so why would it share a credit score system with germany ? 
  ah , the french with their unwarranted self-importance again . 
  why not german ? 
  germany has both a larger population as well as economy . 
  hell , why not fucking maltese if we start going down this route ...
