  throw in some diversity and everything should be fine , right ? 
   i 'm sure they are a better than in soviet union umm , no , they are n't . 
  in the soyuz times they at least had some economy , now they have pretty much nothing apart from some wine making and inefficient 15th century style agriculture . 
   if nothing they are free to circulate yeah , they can circulate but not work , unless they have romanian citizenship . 
  the freedom to circulate means nothing if you ca n't work , it 's not like someone who earns 200 euros per month on average can spend their summers on the italian riviera , winters in the swiss alps and the rest of the year in some exotic countries in asia or the pacific . 
  even if they do have romanian citizenship ( for which they only have romania , not moldova to thank ) , they are only free to clean toilets in the west because no country , not even romania , recognizes diplomas from moldovan universities . 
  there 's nothing to celebrate , really , it 's essentially a failed state without a past or a future . 
  they do n't even have any heroes or personalities of their own , stephen the great , their national hero who is on every banknote ( because they do n't really have any other heroes ) is also a national hero of romania . 
  eminescu , their national poet , was very nationalistic ... towards romania . 
  most of their streets are named after romanian or russian personalities . 
  cuza was the guy who basically created modern romania , kog\u0103lniceanu was a romanian pm etc. 
  a country with no past ca n't have any future . 
  their leadership was always either extremely corrupt or idiotic . 
   much of ukraine 's vast soviet strategic reserves of 7.62 x39 mm and 5.45 x39 mm ( the main soviet service round since 1974 ) ammo are now depleted ; squandered - sold for pennies on the dollar to the us surplus importers and such . 
  their main ammo factory ( luhansk cartridge works ) is under lnr control . 
  so , they have to import ammo from neo-nato countries any way . 
  well yeah , but if they wanted to switch to 5.56 completely , not only it would be stupid expensive to replace all the rifles but they would also need to retrain all their soldiers to learn how to properly use the new rifles , not to mention it would probably be very unpopular with the more experienced soldiers who have lived by the ak-style rifles all their life . 
  i 'm no military expert , but i think such major changes should be made during peacetime . 
   the tavors are just for showing off . 
  it looks fancy , futuristic and all that , but it 's expensive , not actually that great and the troops are really weary of it - would rather have a decent ak . 
  well , i 've never fired a tavor , but i did fire a bullpup style rifle before and can say i 'm not a big fan either . 
  maybe it 's just down to personal preference , but i like conventional rifles more . 
  as for the 5.56 vs 7.62 they each have their own advantages and disadvantages , but i think someone used to firing an ak style rifle is better off with an ak style rifle . 
  as for the 5.45 i do n't know what to say , never fired it , and as you say , it was never popular around here . 
   and where the closest viable shore is australia at 5000km from it , not counting antartica that 's the whole point m8 . 
  and the news is ? 
  western countries have profited from countries with authoritarian regimes for decades , it 's not anything new . 
  i do n't think it 's legal to shoot an rpg in the us unless you are military or fpsrussia . 
  why is france waging war on the internet , seriously ? 
  lol is this from just one guy ?!, 
  that looks like enough weapons to start a war . 
  if they were smart , they could turn this into business , like have tourists shoot rpgs for fun . 
  i do n't think there 's any other country besides cambodia where you can shoot rpgs for fun legally . 
  i do n't understand why the ukrainians would use tavor rifles , they fire 5.56 x45 mm rounds while ukraine likely still has vast amounts of 7.62 x39mm ammo . 
  ammo is expensive , i do n't think it 's a particularly bright idea to change the type of ammo you use in the middle of a war . 
  i have heard about incidents in bosnia involving rpgs before . 
  where the fuck do they get rpgs , i get there was the war and all , but that was like 20 years ago ? 
   this is the most ignorant thing i have ever read . 
  this is the best opportunity a poor kid in myanmar could get . 
  would you rather have them go into prostitution ? 
  sneak into thailand to work on fishing boats ? 
  wait , what are we talking about here ? 
  i 'm not blaming it on the kids , of course they do n't have any other opportunities because their country is shit . 
   western countries have had to go through the same development myanmar is currently undergoing . 
  you think children did n't work in textile shops in our side of the world ? 
  you have to start somewhere . 
  most human development in the western world took place in the last 60-70 years , ** after ** most modern labour laws came into effect . 
  there is not a single country that became prosperous through child labour although there are quite a few individuals who have made fortunes thanks to it . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's not a necessary , nor a good thing for the economy . 
  it 's not a random thing that in civilized countries there are strict laws that regulate how much and what work minors can do . 
  children should be inschool until at least 16-17 so at least some of them will eventually become professionals and contribute to the economy . 
  a kid who works 14 hours per day has no future , basically . 
  i have never seen a jew wear a kippah in romania except at the synagogue or at a jewish funeral . 
  that was a much more powerful earthquake than the italian one . 
  also , the tsunami probably claimed a lot more lives than the earthquake itself . 
  while it 's possible to build earthquake proof buildings , i do n't think it 's possible to build tsunami proof buildings . 
  if you have looked at the pictures you would have noticed most were old buildings . 
  old buildings and earthquakes do n't make good friends . 
  because it 's not sustainable . 
  [ the richest 62 people on earth already have as much combined wealth as 3.5 billion of the world 's poorest people ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jan/18/richest-62-billionaires-wealthy-half-world-population-combined ) . 
  this is n't the top 1 % , not even all billionaires , just the richest 62 , most of which are probably people you at least heard of . 
  the problem is that once you reach a certain level of wealth , it becomes trivial to make even more money . 
  actually , you do n't even have to work to make more money , you can just hire people to grow your wealth for you . 
  so while for you or me , making a certain sum of money , like say $ 1 mil , might seem like a very difficult task , for a billionaire it might just be the amount he makes in the time it takes him to watch a porno . 
  the point is that if people were normally allowed to inherit wealth over hundreds of years , it would only take a few generations before all available wealth would be concentrated in the hands of maybe a few hundred people . 
  this would naturally become a major problem as it would leave billions of people getting the sort end of the stick and the only solution for the super-rich would be either to give up most of their wealth or face having their heads put on a stick . 
  the only reasonable solution is to tax inheritance so much that it disappears within 3-4 generations . 
  most people never met their great-grandfather so why should they inherit his wealth ? 
  dude he meant literally exploding , so his comment was rather accurate . 
  in romania the law is so restrictive , you can only get a gun if you are part of a special category of citizens , like prosecutors , judges , police , military , people in the witness protection program , collectors , sport shooters , hunters etc. 
  even then , the amount of ammo you can buy is extremely limited , like a few dozen rounds per month for handguns and a few hundred rounds per month if you are a hunter/sport shooter . 
  there are also ridiculous restrictions depending on what category you fit in , so if you have a collectors ' license , you ca n't even take your gun outside your home and if you are a hunter you ca n't use your rifle in self defense under any circumstances . 
  even if you are eligible for a self defense handgun , it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
  you ca n't carry it around and you must only use it if the attacker also has a gun as you may only use `` proportional '' force for self defense . 
  if your attacker only uses his fists , you may only use your fists also . 
  if the attacker is a professional k1 fighter , well , tough luck on your part . 
  you may also only store your gun in a locked metal box without any ammo which has to be stored in a different part of the house . 
  this means that by the time you get to open the box , get the ammo , load the ammo into the gun , the attackers have just enough time to steal all your valuables , rape your entire family and slit your throat by the time you manage to release the safety . 
  think you could cheat the system ? 
  think again , as a gun holder you basically consent to random warrantless searches by the police at any time to check if you are storing your guns correctly . 
  if you do n't , a huge fine awaits you , possibly even some prison time and of course you wo n't be allowed to have a gun ever again in your life . 
  `` imho , someone who is wearing a `` burkini '' is more obscene than someone who is naked . 
  but i thought russia and belarus had their own schengen area of sorts , did they already give it up ? 
  dupa ( it 's actually `` dup\u0103 '' ) just means `` after '' . 
  the title reads `` three gypsies beaten by chinese after they were caught stealing in paris '', 
  lol , prostitution is legal even in bulgaria ? 
  are we like the only ones in europe where it 's still illegal ? 
  the gypsy women tried to steal from the chinese merchants and the merchants fought back . 
  the tits out thingy was just a stunt because they knew they would n't dare to touch them then as they could claim sexual assault . 
  pretty smart these gypsies actually . 
  you could rent a storage room or garage or something . 
  how much autonomy does it have though ? 
  only the ones who were n't paying their protection tax . 
  i heard in the czech republic you can buy almost anything , like drugs , guns and even russian tanks , but i never imagined you could buy a fucking camel . 
  do n't worry uk , we also had our referendum in 2009 to reduce the number of mps down to a maximum of 300 . 
  seven years later , the parliament is still going strong with 588 mps . 
  democracy is just a prank that politicians pull on you . 
   this dude is just wishful thinking , the uk is getting out of the eu . 
  well , if one thing is clear is that nothing will happen this year and there 's not even a set date for triggering article 50 .
