  i hope they get cancer . 
  the funny thing is that except for the constitution and pro-russians , no one uses the term moldovan language . 
  in schools there is no subject called `` moldovan '' , just romanian . 
  however , in everyday life , many moldovans use a dialect that is barely intelligible with romanian , as it uses many russian words as well as regionalisms . 
  however , this dialect is not used in any formal setting , not even by pro-russian politicians . 
  there are some words and grammatical constructs borrowed from russian or uniquely moldovan that may be used even in formal speeches , but they are few and far between , not enough for it to be considered a different dialect , let alone a different language . 
  yeah , but that 's just small arms and munitions , not fucking tanks . 
  the only tanks we still have in use are the tr-85m1 variants , the rest are in storage , with maintenance not being done in decades , they are not worth much more than scrap and would n't be in any way useful without some serious restoration . 
  anyway , the last time we tried to sell tanks to anyone it went pretty badly , so i do n't see why anyone would still want to buy our tanks . 
  nope , only the police has access to such a database , and i could ask on of my cop friends to look it up if they have the time and it does n't cause them any problems . 
  however , this is a civilian plate and could never be used to register a tank . 
  imho , most likely scenario , the plate came off of a civilian vehicle belonging to a romanian company which operated in syria ( perhaps before the civil war ) . 
  the vehicle was probably stolen by rebels , then destroyed and some dude decided to put the plate on the tank as a trophy or something . 
  that 's not a romanian tank though , just the license plate , which most likely was added as a novelty item . 
  maybe the letters ykz mean something for the kurds . 
   also , as far as i know , neither burqa nor burkini have every been used to hide anything for a terrorist attack in france . 
  well , there was n't a nice style attack in france before the nice attack . 
  the point is terrorists are being inventive these days . 
  you can also hide a sucicide vest under a burkini . 
  anyway , i would ban burkinis solely based on the fact that it makes many people uncomfortable . 
  for example , i 'm simply allergic to religious extremists , be they muslims , christians or jews . 
  i would also feel uncomfortable in the presence of a bunch of orthodox jews , even though i have jewish roots myself . 
  no , it 's not : - people are n't forced to wear the kippah while many women are forced to wear burqas by their husbands . 
  burqas are ugly , dark and uncomfortable , i doubt many women wear them out of pleasure . 
  - kippahs are not discriminatory , although women do n't wear them as much as men do , they still can , if they want to and some do . 
  - you can still see the person 's face . 
  - you ca n't hide a bomb or ak under a kippah . 
  hitler did n't start with the extermination camps either . 
  how about marine le pen should be banned in france ? 
  you ca n't compare kippahs with burqas . 
  also , if anyone was doubting she is literally hitler . 
  well , they do n't apply for asylum in france , because they want to reach the uk , so france does n't give a shit . 
  those who do apply for asylum in france , they are indeed france 's responsibility . 
   sea patrols , drones to spot anyone coming in , military personal on our side of the channel . 
  and how the hell would this be of any help ? 
  do you even realize how these migrants come into the uk ? 
  they do n't come on flimsy crafts or fucking swim across the channel , they hide in legit commercial trucks that board legit commercial ferries . 
  drones , sea patrols and military ca n't do shit to stop that . 
  the only way to catch them is to have customs inspect every truck once it gets off the ferry and by that time they are already on british territory . 
   post brexit we will have next to no obligation to take them as we wo n't be part of the eu . 
  eu or not eu , once they are on your soil , they 're your responsibility . 
  why do you think the eu pays so much money to turkey ? 
  turkey has no obligation to take migrants back once they reach greece , so that 's why the eu is giving tons of money to erdogan . 
  same goes for france . 
   so , they 'll try and make their way here illegally as to which they will be caught ( they have to cross the channel , much easier to deal with ) . 
  and how exactly do you do that ? 
  currently , uk customs checks are conducted in calais as part of this deal . 
  if they catch them , they catch them ** before ** they board the ferry and they are still on french soil . 
  if the deal breaks down , they can only catch them once they reach britain , in dover . 
  unless britain puts customs officials and truck scanners on every single ferry , they will have no way of catching migrants before they reach the uk . 
  then please explain to me , how would it work ? 
  if the calais deal breaks down , the uk will have to conduct customs checks on its own soil , they wo n't be able to conduct them on french territory . 
  therefore , the french wo n't check the trucks before they board the ferries , because they do n't give a fuck . 
  when the uk border police will discover the migrants , it will be on uk soil and they could apply for asylum and if they want to deport them , france most likely wo n't accept them back . 
  oh yeah , because i see brexit talks are going very smoothly / s. 
  we 'll have to see about that . 
  you seem to have a lot of faith in some politicians who cornered your country internationally and did n't even have a plan . 
  just as they do n't have a plan for brexit , they do n't have a plan for the case where the calais deal breaks down . 
  what are they going to do , suspend all ferry services ? 
  but i do n't want to pay for some kid who is n't mine just because i put my dick in some hoe , or she claims i put my dick in her . 
  if i 'm dumb , i fuck without a condom and kid ends up being mine , i can live with that . 
  what i ca n't live with is being forced to pay for a kid who is n't even mine . 
  i do n't care about what the society wants in this case , they can all suck my dick . 
  i was almost sure the calais deal would break down at some point if britain voted to leave the eu . 
  well , it looks like it 's going to happen soon . 
  the deal is good for the uk but detrimental to france . 
  the french would be stupid to uphold the deal without making the brits reach deep in their pockets . 
  i ca n't wait to see may 's face when she wakes up with the calais jungle at her doorstep . 
  dream on . 
  the bad part is that many are looking for sugar daddies . 
  well , it might have been turned into a national day if the echr did n't bitch about it and force romania to rebuild to burnt down gypsy houses and have the gypsies return to the village . 
  so they did n't really achieve that much . 
  naah , i use the right hand for that . 
  my left hand is injured , so yeah . 
  how could you tell ? 
  i do n't know about other parts in europe ( or even in romania ) but in my city , the gypsies have managed to piss off even the jews . 
  yup . 
  in romania , especially in transylvanian villages , they deal with gypsies who commit serious crimes pretty promptly , because ethnic tensions are rather high and when romanians and hungarians get together , you know some gypsies are going to have a really bad day . 
  in a village in brasov county , the hungarian mayor built a wall , he says modeled after the israeli-west bank wall , to keep the gypsies under control . 
  then there 's also the famous [ anti-gypsy wall in baia mare ] ( http://storage03transcoder.rcs-rds.ro/storage/2014/12/03/354737_354737_zid_pictat3.jpg ) which was painted by art students , so it could be declared an art work and the mayor would n't have to take it down . 
  things like this can easily go south if authorities do n't react promptly . 
  we had two such cases in romania : - in 1974 , some gypsies broke into the house of a truck driver , killed his wife and children and burned the house down . 
  the authorities tried to find out who the criminals were , but in typical fashion , none of the gypsies wanted to talk with the police , so they could n't find them . 
  the truck driver decided to take matters into his own hands , so he drove his truck into the gypsy settlement where the suspects were from and pulled a nice-style attack , killing 24 of them . 
  - the second case happened in 1993 . 
  after a romanian was stabbed to death by a gypsy in a bar fight , romanian and hungarian villagers got together and surrounded the house of the murederer . 
  because the inhabitants refused to come outside and surrender to the police , the villagers burned their house , one burned alive inside , and the other 3 were beaten to death outside . 
  the villagers then went through the village and burned all the gypsy houses . 
  you are not alone , re-privatizations were one of the biggest post-commie scandals here as well . 
  in my city particularly , it has been a disaster , with the gypsy mafia illegally grabbing many historical buildings ( and the europe keeps saying they are the oppressed ones ... motherfuckers ), 
  there were n't even that many actual syrians who came to europe , they were a minority . 
  a lot of economic migrants tried ( some successfully ) tried to pose as syrian refugees . 
  real syrians are n't that bad ( well , at least most of them ) , they tend to be more progressive than other arabs . 
  ups did n't realize you needed legs to stroll . 
  i used that word because i remembered one of the lines of the gla toxin tractor from c&c generals , `` let 's go for a stroll !, 
   i 've heard that argument , but i just find it disconnected from reality . 
  the only ones disconnected from reality are the politicians themselves . 
   people say , `` the politicians must listen ! '' . 
  kern has done just that . 
  his foreign minister is against both turkey joining and forced migration quotas .
