  - save romania union ( 30 seats ) . 
  a new party , composed mostly by activists , people who studied or worked abroad and other people hoping for real change in the country . 
  they are the cleanest party in parliament , however , their main weaknesses are that their members do n't really have a common political ideology beyond the fact that they all agree the anti-corruption fight must go on , they did n't have a lot of money for the campaign and their leader is pretty weak . 
  the sdp propaganda machine also went very hard against them , calling them foreign agents and accusing them of working for george soros . 
  - democratic union of hungarians in romania ( 21 seats ) - the party which represents the hungarians . 
  they traditionally side with the largest parties to form the government . 
  they are also full of corrupt fucks , although this time they have half-heartedly criticized the emergency ordinance . 
  - alliance of liberals and democrats ( 20 seats ) - a group of mostly corrupt crooks , headed by tariceanu ( pm of romania from 2004 to 2008 ) who split from the national liberal party in 2014 . 
  they are currently nothing other than a satellite party of the sdp . 
  tariceanu is the second biggest supporter of the mass pardon , after dragnea , because it would save his ass too . 
  the only difference between them and the sdp is that they support more liberal economic policies . 
  - the people 's movement party ( 18 seats ) - the party of former president traian basescu , also full of crooks , they now claim to be against the emergency ordinance , but everyone knows they 're full of shit . 
  they cater to the nationalist voter base , talking a lot about uniting with moldova and other crap . 
  - the minority group ( 17 seats ) - composed from deputies from each of romania 's main minority populations ( gypsies , germans , jews , ukrainians , russians etc. 
  ) , one seat each . 
  they always side with the majority so they can try to convince them to pass whatever laws serve the interests of their minority communities in exchange for supporting the government . 
  i would say they 're pretty much useless and what 's worse is that they have a guaranteed seat , regardless of how many votes they receive . 
  so , as you can probably guess by reading this list , the sdp did n't really have a powerful opposition , so it was rather easy for them to win the election in a landslide , especially considering the 39 % voter turnout . 
  however , on the other hand , it means only roughly 20 % of the population supported the sdp and alde , which means 80 % is either against them or does n't care . 
  we 're boiling . 
  well i do n't know how it 's like in the nl , but here most dealers tend to avoid kids like the plague , because kids are stupid and tell other people and it 's only a matter of time before someone who should n't know finds out . 
   neither is it to try so other drugs once you have a dealer , even if they 're even less safe to use . 
  most of dealers i know can get only weed reliably . 
  once in a while they get other stuff , but it 's more like a special edition , unlikely they 'll have the same product again . 
  well , i do n't agree with you , i think it 's their easy availability and drug culture in the west that makes them so destructive . 
  romania has draconian anti-drug laws , yet we have one of the lowest , if not the lowest drug usage rates in europe . 
  when i first went abroad , i was surprised by how easy it was to get drugs , especially in the us . 
  here in romania , it 's hard to find even weed , let alone cocaine or other hard drugs . 
  i live in one of the largest cities and if i wanted to get some cocaine right now i simply would n't know where to go . 
  i do n't even know anyone who snorts it regularly and very few people who have ever tried it . 
  also , the concept of a street dealer simply does not exist here , it 's a thing you only see in the movies . 
  here , dealers are people you know personally and who only sell stuff to you if someone they know well vouched for you . 
  the vast majority are extremely paranoid , and for good reason . 
  while someone who is a regular consumer can easily find the stuff he wants , once they have their connections , it 's very hard for someone who is uninitiated to find anything . 
  when i was a dumb teenager listening to rap music , it took me two years of wanting to try out weed before i got the opportunity to smoke my first joint . 
  it 's probably easier for kids nowadays to find weed if they want to smoke it than it was for my generation , but other drugs are still rather very hard to lay your hands on . 
  also , heroin is almost unheard of outside bucharest , i would say at least 90 % of romanian heroin users are in bucharest . 
  the number is surely rising , but that 's because , for some reason , the bad habits from the west penetrate our borders much faster than the good habits . 
   dismissing the current one and forming a new majority , nominating 1 new pm , forming a new cabinet and swearing them in within 10 days is almost impossible . 
  not * almost * impossible , but completely impossible . 
  do n't forget the president of the senate is tariceanu and the president of chamber of deputies is dragnea , both have absolutely no interest to streamline the formation of a new government . 
   no surprise there , the ombudsman is ... useless at the very least , or a puppet of the government at worst no , ciorbea is n't simply an idiot , he is a partaker in this act of hijacking the rule of law . 
  i do n't think most people ( including myself ) would support legalizing all drugs , just weed . 
  after all , alcohol is worse , but still legal . 
  romania is different than hungary , orban has legit popular support , dragnea does not . 
  the sdp won the election with support of less than 20 % of eligible voters , the problem is that the majority did n't vote because they did n't think the opposition was much better . 
  however , with what the sdp has done now , many people who did n't vote are really angry at them and dissent is even starting to show up in the party itself , including among some of the mps and government ministers . 
  dragnea and his gang are n't going to get away with this . 
  it will most definitely be fought in court and found to be unconstitutional . 
  the problem though , is that the same constitution says that people who are condemned benefit from the most favorable law , regardless of how long that law took effect or whether it was constitutional or not . 
  the ordinance will enter into effect 10 days from now . 
  if it enters into effect for even one second , some of the crooks will be freed and others will have their sentences cut in half and nothing could be done to reverse that . 
  the constitution simply does not allow you to send someone who was pardoned back to jail for the same crime or to prolong the detention of someone who had his sentence cut . 
  again , the constitution assumes the government/parliament acts in good faith and it would indeed be unfair in normal situations to not apply the most favorable law to someone who is convicted . 
  but this is a very abnormal situation , when the government is hijacked by a bunch of scummy crooks who use their power and loopholes in the laws and constitution in their own interests . 
  personally , i 'm in favor of a new constitution that completely eliminates , or severely limits the scope of emergency ordinances . 
  if indeed there is an emergency situation , like war or a huge natural disaster , nuclear accident or whatever , the president should be the one to assume full control of the country and not the government . 
  i like how everyone in romania is pissed after the fact . 
  never before , no matter how obvious they 've made it that this was their plan . 
  it 's like everyone tells you that guy is going to kick you in the nuts , then the guy personally calls you to say he 's going to kick you in the nuts , then he comes to your house and tells you he will kick you in the nuts , he gets ready to kick you in the nuts , then actually kicks you and you 're like `` omg , you bastard , ca n't believe you just kicked me in the nuts !, 
  ah , plz , not the military with all their corrupt generals . 
  no need for coups , the military and police just need to stay on the sidelines , we 'll take care of the rest . 
  he ca n't veto it because it was n't adopted by the parliament . 
  it 's an `` emergency ordinance '' adopted by the government . 
  emergency ordinances obviously were n't meant to be used in this way , but our constitution makes foolish assumptions like the idea that the government/parliament are acting in good faith . 
  it really was n't written for situations like these , when the government would be a bunch of crooks , desperately trying to cover their asses and avoid prison . 
  what ? 
  the guy who sold us to the russians to save his own life ? 
  no , fuck that !, 
  also , the guy 's on fucking life support , how would you expect him to perform his duties as king ? 
  none of his potential successors are fit for a king either . 
  the monarchy is rightfully dead in romania and while there are many people who still respect the king , it 's only a few wankers who would want to see the monarchy return . 
  very unlikely . 
  their propaganda machine has already been going into overdrive for months , all the people they could have manipulated , they already did . 
  they devided the population so much , they basically brought us to the brink of civil war . 
  this term really has n't been mentioned in the romanian press since the 90s , so you know it 's serious shit and tensions are very high . 
  however , if they do push us to the point of civil war , they would lose and they would lose badly . 
  as for russia , if they do get involved , there 's not really that much they can do . 
  their already classic propaganda and hybrid warfare tactics just do n't work here , there are n't many russian speakers , people do n't like russia ( they did n't like russia during the commie days , they wo n't start liking it now ) and the only community they might have any sort of real influence over would be the hungarian minority , which is like 5-6 % of the population . 
  if we need to send emails to the eu for them to respond to the attempts of the government to turn a member state into a mafia state , it means the eu is already dead . 
   just attempt to leave the eu and drag romania with them instead of facing justice ? 
  that would n't be possible . 
  they could n't do it with a referendum , since eu membership still has overwhelming support in romania , they could n't do it with an emergency ordinance , since emergency ordinances can not be used to change organic laws , and they could n't do it through parliament , because afaik it takes around 2/3 of mps to change such fundamental laws . 
  even if they could somehow trigger article 50 , through some loophole or something , they would n't be able to walk out of the government/parliament building alive . 
  no one would defend them , not even the police or army . 
  in fact , i would n't be surprised if their own bodyguards shot them in the head at that point , they would probably be declared national heroes the next day . 
  that 's because : 1 . 
  the left-right divide is n't that clear in romania . 
  parties self identify as left or right , but their actions do n't really support that . 
  the sdp has often used right wing rhetoric when convenient and the `` right '' parties have sometimes supported left wing measures . 
  there 's no real far right or alt right parties in the romanian parliament . 
  there 's also no other legit left wing party other than the sdp . 
  the eu did literally nothing since this whole saga began , weeks ago . 
  the us ambassador has actually been more involved these past weeks than the eu has . 
  eu leaders should be ashamed of themselves for staying quiet . 
  first , they claimed it 's because prisons are overcrowded , which is true and they have been for a long time . 
  but then , they claimed if they do n't get their pardoning law , the echr will fine us $ 100 million , which is total bullshit . 
  iohannis went to speak with the head of the echr and he said that was totally not the case and romania has a lot of time to deal with the overcrowding problem and pardoning is not the answer . 
  of course the government propaganda tv stations did n't mention this . 
  you simply do n't have to be very smart to realize that the government had ill , i would actually say criminal , intent with this law : 1 .
