   third worlders you obviously have no idea how the third world looks like . 
   morally corrupt pls go to the vatican , there 's no moral corruption there ... oh , wait !, 
  edit : took a look at your post history and noticed you are a trump supporter . 
  is n't it a bit hypocritical to talk about moral corruption when your idol said he would date his own daughter ? 
  happens all the time in romania , only we do n't bring professional strippers , the strippers are usually the students themselves . 
  amsterdam , for the weed and the bitches !, 
  so what 's the big deal ? 
   if us could safely execute `` iraqi plan '' in russia then they would have by now , but they ca n't . 
  they would n't execute an `` iraqi plan '' in russia , because russia is n't iraq . 
  russia is fucking huge , there 's no way to properly conquer it without completely fucking up the global economy and losing millions of lives . 
  if the us would want to destroy russia they would do it from the inside , but they do n't , because it 's dangerous , they do n't want all those nukes to end up in the hands of some regional warlords . 
  i wonder why he fears this missile shield so much . 
  nato obviously is n't going to attack russia , that 's fantasy land . 
  this shield only has the capacity to intercept medium range missiles , not icbms . 
  please tell me what has mccain said that makes him even comparable with zhirinovsky ? 
  he even makes donald trump seem decent . 
  90 % of the stuff he says would be career ending for any western politician . 
  if you want a cake analogy this how it works : - we live in a place that likes making cake , but has little ingredients to make cake , thus makes little cake . 
  - you live in a place that has many ingredients to make raisin cake , but fewer ingredients to make chocolate cake , however you only like to eat chocolate cake , so there 's not enough people to make raisin cake . 
  we come over , make raisin cake , eat a part of it , and then you start complaining that we came there just to eat the cake . 
  you see , if you look at the big picture , eu immigrants in britain simply pay more in taxes than they receive from the british state , however the same can not be said about non-eu immigrants . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c49043a8-6447-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html ) . 
  no matter how you take it , a brexit would cause a massive decrease in eu migrants , while at the same time having little effect on non-eu migrants . 
  so what britain would be doing , would be kicking out all the hard working migrants while keeping the lazy ones . 
  not a very bright idea , i might say . 
  zhirinovsky is the same guy who said russia would use it 's secret gravity manipulation weapon to wipe out the us back in 2002 . 
  i think he can safely be ignored . 
   you mean a defence force for europe . 
  britain and france are n't threatened in europe . 
  eastern europe is . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  without us assistance russian troops could be in paris within a matter of weeks . 
  i 'm also sure the situation in britain would be great without any mainland links , at that point you could say you had your real brexit . 
  i know eastern europe seems far away for you , but believe me , i could buy a 4-pack of red bull , jump in my car and be in london by sunday morning . 
  how long do you think it would take putin to reach it ? 
  that 's sadly true , the sri has been very active in the past few years trying to destroy privacy rights . 
  they keep using all sorts of excuses , we call them `` g\u0103selni\u021be '' to push their agenda . 
  first , they wanted to make it compulsory to provide id when buying prepaid sim cards . 
  it passed the government , the parliament , even the president signed it , but luckily , the constitutional court stepped in and told them to go fuck themselves . 
  they then started acting all butthurt and fearmongering `` hurr durr terrorism hurr durr '' . 
  after that , their next `` g\u0103selni\u021b\u0103 '' was the so called `` cybernetic security law '' , which basically gives them unvetted access to every server in the country . 
  they initially went with the usual terrorism bullshit , but seeing it was n't working ( because , you know , it did n't make any sense ) , they then switched to some different bullshit about how this law is supposed to protect consumers from internet fraud . 
  there are two things one can draw from all of these : 1 . 
  that the sri is trying as hard as it can to eliminate privacy and , 2 . 
  that they are run by complete idiots . 
  firstly , where did i say that the uk and france should pay for defending my country 's interests ? 
  i did not say that !, 
  by `` we '' , i meant the eu , not my country , let 's make that clear . 
  secondly , as i already said , an eu army should be used strictly for defensive purposes , not to be sent in some third world shithole with no un mandate to serve in france 's interests . 
  now , let me ask you a question , since you seem to be so supportive of your country 's `` overseas interests '' , would you honestly be willing to die in some third world shithole fighting some jungle tribe ? 
  we do pay , our budget for defense is around 1.6 % , set to reach 2 % in 2017 and stay there for the foreseeable future . 
  however , as i said , individual small armies will never be as powerful as a large eu army . 
  that 's why the us is a military superpower and europe is shit . 
  france and the uk `` defending '' their overseas interests is the only reason we do n't have an eu army yet . 
  as long as some countries insist on acting like 19th century colonial powers , of course we ca n't have nice things . 
  yeah , except everything the fsb is seeing from facebook is a bunch of aes encrypted strings . 
  sounds like a load of bull to me . 
  an eu army , by nature , would lower costs , because a big army is more efficient than a bunch of small ones , as each has its own command structure , different equipment , different procedures etc. , making it difficult to work together . 
  an eu army however , would have to be strictly defensive , not a tool to deal with france 's or the uk 's former colonies . 
   the same person who said that the danish navy could be hit by russian nukes , if denmark participated in the nato missile defense . 
  they also threatened to nuke romania a couple of years ago . 
  russian officials are just a bunch of clowns whose only job is to make putin look like the reasonable guy . 
   facebook was spying on belgian citizens . 
  facebook is spying for advertising purposes , not to fuck over dissidents . 
   nsa was spying on everyone . 
  come on , prism is a joke compared to sorm . 
  i mean sure , the nsa was doing some shady deals with internet giants , but the fsb installed their equipment in all isp data centers and even made the isps pay for it , it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  this is bullshit , yet another waste of money that will end up in the pockets of the right people . 
  pretty much all modern browsers have had a similar feature that warns people when they try to visit a potentially malicious site . 
  why would i trust that this system , by the romanian government will be more effective ? 
  3 million lei sounds like a fucking joke , that 's like $ 660,000 for the entire program and they want the fools to believe it will be enough to effectively scan the entire ronet . 
  my prediction is that it will be a total failure and some individuals will round up their bank accounts for doing nothing . 
  bonus : even the report is fucking joke , look at the part where they show that woman writing crappy php code . 
  yeah , i imagine the russian government is not as dumb as to openly admit they sniff on private vk messages . 
  but let 's say you send some information about high level corruption in the russian government via private message on vk to a journalist . 
  what do you think are the odds you will still be a free man the next day ? 
  how exactly ? 
  afaik , facebook has a page for law enforcement where they can send requests for private data . 
  it 's not like they give them free roam over all accounts of people from that country . 
  with vk on the other hand , after pavel durov was pushed out , i 'm pretty sure the fsb has access to everything at all times . 
  i would not be surprised if they even have some form of automated flagging of keywords so they can instantly see dissenting posts and comments . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4lbpwt/this_is_how_youre_being_arrested_in_russia_for/ not exactly for a private message , but i 'm sure they 're getting there . 
  do n't worry , this shit will come to western europe very soon , it will be what happens when you 'll post a non-pc comment on facebook . 
  or twitter . 
  or reddit . 
  or anywhere for that matter . 
   yes , the gdr already used to be economically better off than other ee countries , but compare development of gdp to others from that group . 
  you ca n't really do that . 
  as you said yourself , the gdr was already a bit better off . 
  then , it had access to the eu economy right from 1990 , other cee countries only had that in 2004 and 2007 , respectively . 
  however , most important of all , germany pumped like $ 2 trillion into the former gdr in all these years . 
  considering the population of the gdr , with all this money and opportunities it should have become fucking luxembourg by now , if it would have been managed properly . 
  well , not exactly a wall , but a temporary law not allowing east germans to work in the west for 5 years or so . 
  i 'm sure it would have been more painful , but at the same time faster . 
  it 's like 26 years since reunification and the east is still lagging behind . 
   and once you 've spent two-three years in a social network and all your friends are there , what 's the motivation to abandon it and make a new page on facebook ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  the point is that vk.com is now basically controlled by putin allies ? 
  you can be pretty sure that all communication on the vk platform is now open to the russian government without requiring a warrant of any kind . 
  idk , with facebook at least you know the government , more specifically law enforcement , actually have to submit a request to get your data , they ca n't just casually browse your posts and private messages whenever they feel like it .
