  i doubt even the generals loyal to erdogan would be stupid enough to risk a war with not only the us , but all the major world powers , so if he gave such an order , there would likely be a second coup , one that would n't be stopped by some lousy police with toy guns or some allahu akbar crowds . 
   now only if he can get those 90 american nukes . 
  if erdo even thinks about doing something like that , there would be us-led coalition troops directing traffic in istanbul in less than a week . 
  that coalition would likely include russia and perhaps china as well . 
  turkey would cease to exist and so would erdogan , the chances of this happening are below 0 % . 
  if they are so effective then why even most dictatorships have replaced bullets with tear gas for crowd control . 
  anyway the bigger problem is not how effective they are , but if you put conscripts in such a situation , where they have to choose between the people and their commanders , they will go with the people 90 % of the time . 
  to the average conscript , the people are their mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters and friends , while commanders and officers are just a bunch of entitled fucks they have to listen to and who , more often than not , treat them like disposable assets . 
  in most countries around the world , soldiers swear allegiance to the country and people , not their commanders . 
   cmon ... just drive that tank 60 km/h over some stuff and intimidate the crowds yeah , that 's exactly what i thought . 
  in 2002 , in moscow , some 40 armed chechens were able to take like 900 people hostage , these turkish soldiers got pwned by a bunch of civilians and police armed with what ? 
  9mm pistols ? 
  `` restoring relations with russia '' is going to take a lot more than that , especially since that airplane downing was not the reason they deteriorated . 
  saying that the russia-turkey relations were strained by that airplane downing is like saying the eu imposed sanctions on russia because of mh-17 . 
  while both events did play a political role , neither were the main reason for the diplomatic crises . 
   adultery is illegal , it is grounds for divorce in almost every country in the world there 's a difference between something being illegal and something being grounds for divorce . 
  something being illegal means a dispute between the individual and the state , divorce is just a dispute between the spouses which is mediated by the state . 
  and who would want this more than erdogan himself ? 
  he 's the one who called for his supporters to go out in the streets . 
  do you think if a rogue faction in the us military tried the same thing ( i know this is n't even remotely likely but keep reading ) , do you think obama would call for civillians to go out in the streets and risk getting killed ? 
  it 's clear that erdogan did this knowing very well it would cause bloodshed , the first priority of a democratic government in any civilized country would be to avoid civillian deaths , especially if they still have control of the police and the majority of the army , as mr. goat-fucker did . 
  the headscarf thing was the only thing he was successful with , but he did try to make adultery illegal and set up `` alcohol free zones '' . 
  erdogan does n't have the same grip over turkey that putin has over russia . 
  this is why so many people are saying this might be a false flag for erdogan to gain even more power . 
  the akp even lost their majority last year and had to hold snap elections while instilling fear in the population to regain it . 
  this proves erdogan 's regime is anything but stable , he needs that stability before he can go full islamist . 
  putin , by contrast , already has almost absolute power , he can do whatever the fuck he wants and russia 's political scene is a joke , most of the opposition is just a bunch of clowns whose only role is to simulate democracy and make putin look as the only sane option ( whenever i look at zhirinovsky for example , i think he just acts like a crazy ape in order to make putin look moderate ) . 
  the real opposition in russia has long been castrated , they are either dead , imprisoned or exiled . 
  putin basically has the same power as kim jong un , he 's just not as psychotic . 
   in a same way that putin is using orthodoxy i do n't think it 's comparable . 
  putin is n't trying to establish a theocratic state or anything like that , of course he is using the orthodox church when convenient , but politicians in other countries with large religious populations do that shit too ( example : romania , eu country , perfectly democratic , no government trying to instate a dictatorship , yet politicians still flirt with the church on a regular basis ) . 
  the most obvious way putin is using religion is with the anti-gaw laws , but even so , not all people are anti-gay because of religion , some just hate gays because they think it 's disgusting , others think they are people with mental issues . 
  russia is among the world 's top producers of porn , including rape porn ( which i think is even illegal in britain ) , this would not be possible if the orthodox church was that powerful or influential . 
  you can at least try . 
  islamists are n't afraid of death and bullets only affect the targets they actually hit . 
  if they used tear gas , flash bangs and other non lethal weapons , they could have confused the crowds enough to give the soldiers the upper hand . 
  there 's also the problem of morale . 
  if you 're a conscript and you find yourself shooting at unarmed civilians , your morale is probably going to go down pretty quickly unless you 're some kind of psychopath with no emotions . 
  it 's also not a good way to make people rally in support of your cause . 
  for example i support legalizing weed , but if some pro-weed group started killing people for that i would be firmly against them . 
  tear gas might not help , it might just enrage people even more . 
  - bullets enrage people as well . 
  they are also ineffective for dispersing crowds , only good for causing bloodbaths . 
  - having conscripts shoot live ammo at not only unarmed civilians , but unarmed civilians who are your own people is a great way to cause huge moral conflicts that would all but guarantee the mission 's failure . 
  think about it , if you were a conscript would you just casually agree to shoot unarmed civilians from your own country ? 
  not even hitler did this , that 's why he had the ss deal with the civilian killings and not the wehrmacht . 
  - shooting unarmed civilians is not a good way to get your point across and get support for your cause . 
  personally , i think this was a textbook false flag by erdogan to get an excuse to give himself even more power , because power is all he cares about . 
   1 ) it was planned by erdogan to `` play the hero . '', 
  i also think this is what happened . 
  this coup attempt was very beneficial to erdogan 's dictatorial ambitions , just another reason to give himself even more power . 
   2 ) it was a minority group in the army that wanted to create chaos more than actually take over the gov ` t. 
  why would they do that though ? 
  what could they have possibly achieved by this other than getting themselves killed ? 
   afaik the police forces have tear gas , not the army . 
  you would think someone capable of organizing a coup would be able to obtain some tear gas . 
  obviously not through a public tender , but smuggle some in before the coup . 
  at the very least , they could have raided some police station to get some . 
  they were powerful , i find it hard to believe they had no options to obtain tear gas . 
  i do n't rven understand how this failed , if it was a legit coup attempt . 
  they had guns , tanks , helicopters and planes , it looked like they had everything going for them . 
  i ca n't help but ask these questions : - why did the coupists act at such an odd hour . 
  it was evening , most people were awake , thus erdogan 's call was as successful as it was . 
  had they started the coup at like 2-3 a.m. when most people were asleep they could have likely taken control before most people even realized what was happening . 
  they would have gone to sleep with one government and waken up with another one . 
  - why did n't they have tear gas to disperse pro-erdogan crowds ? 
  this should have been a no-brainer , bullets do n't work well against large civillian crowds . 
  i think he was sarcastic , erdogan is the coup plotter this time . 
  if erdo tries that , he would make a good case for the us , russia , possibly china as well to get together just to fuck him . 
  so much for all the fucks supporting the `` democratic '' government in turkey , this is very democratic indeed . 
  there will be , soon . 
  i do n't know , but my gut says it has to do with the government being incompetent . 
  plenty of muslims in britain , germany , scandinavia etc. 
  yet no attacks on such a scale ... 
  the thing churchill did n't take into account is that democracy works better in some countries than others . 
  muslim countries are fine examples of countries where democracy does n't work at all . 
  democracy ca n't work without secularism and rule of law . 
  i find it funny that people still support him after proving what a giant cowardly pussy he was by seeking asylum in germany , a country he insulted so much ( he even had government mercedes cars cover the logo at some point ) . 
  i think the intelligence service would have known if they were bluffing . 
   not that it matters , hard to delete it from your brain either way tbh , the internet has desensitized me to this kind of shit a long time ago . 
  no one even knows where the fuck erdogan is , saying that `` he has won and is stronger than ever '' is a bit of stretch , do n't you think ? 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i think it 's going on . 
  some spokesman for the government who said the cup was failing and they planned to regain control in 24 hours , also said erdogan was in istanbul , which seems like bullshit , since independent sources are saying he could n't get there . 
  the government is saying it was a coup chopper . 
  too early to say , the two sides are saying completely different things . 
  people have already died . 
   he is n't some brutal dictator . 
  he is , just a popular brutal dictator . 
  i 've heard a lot of allahu akbars from erdogan supporter crowds . 
  because that 's bs , it 's not a `` minority of the army '' , it 's the entire army and erdogan is desperate . 
  on sky they said the police is also pretty well armed , so it could turn ugly between police , who supports erdogan and the military . 
  no , it just looks like it 's getting violent . 
  obviously the government who tells them to go outside and risk getting shot / s, 
  the military told them to stay the fuck inside , so i guess they 're pro-erdogan . 
  bad part is that this might turn really ugly . 
  yes saw that shit too , they switched to avoid possible nsfl , i really want to know what the fuck was going on there . 
  link ? 
  ok , but asking for asylum in germany ? 
  come on , after insulting germany so many times after it recognized the armenian genocide ? 
  i 'm watching sky news right now and no mention of this .
