  england would be to the fuk ( former united kingdom ) the same as russia is to the fsu . 
  so yeah , all the overseas territories , bases and other shit would most likely go to england by default . 
  we feel you , do n't worry . 
  if the french people voted fn into power it would make the british leave supporters look like progressive intellectuals by comparison , so yeah , doubt it 's going to happen . 
  well , it does have its own budget , so i assume ( not sure though ) it can run its own deficit . 
  that would probably the most epic troll in the history of any democratic country . 
  i 'm sure farage would do it though , if he ever became pm . 
  i do n't know whether i should be happy that the dumb blonde is being replaced by another dumb blonde who is also fascist and has less sense of humor . 
  i mean , may would have probably become pm anyway , but now her chances have went from ~ 70 % to 99 % ( the 1 % being odd chances like sudden death/serious illness or saying something so incredibly retarded that it would amount to political suicide ) . 
  yeah , but what about the animal 's freedom ? 
  it ca n't consent to being fucked , so it 's pretty much rape . 
  do you drink mona ? 
  if you do n't drink mona you are noobs . 
  zoophilia is legal in finland ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  at least you closed the pr0n tabs before taking the screenshot . 
  well , if the euro blows up , pretty much everyone is going to be in deep shit , i 'm not denying that . 
  however , being able to control our own deficit and not having to pay to bail out other countries sounds like a good deal to me , for the time being . 
  also , if the euro does blow up , even though it 's not going to be pretty for the romanian economy , being outside of it will still be better than having to reverse to national currency in a matter of months . 
  and what happens if the players on the field simply ignore what uefa says and hold a moment of silence ? 
  he is an opportunist and a demagogue , he does n't care about anything as long as his ratings go up . 
  he 's sort of like trump , only cares about personal success . 
  i 'm sure many people would like to be in farage 's position even if they do n't share his views . 
  just like a pornstar , who cares if you have to ride 1000 cocks , at the end of the day you get paid a lot more than the average joe doing a much easier job . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/stiri/dacian+ciolos+voluntar+la+strans+gunoaie+in+parcul+natural+vacar ), 
  good , i really do n't want us to join the euro , but our national bank is pushing this like it 's some kind of huge national priority . 
  for all i care , the euro can wait for a couple of more decades , if it 's still alive by then , then we can join it . 
  it 's ironic how farage is against the so-called establishment , because it 's the establishment who made him rich . 
  had he not been an mep , he would probably be trading penny stocks right now , or even be the low grade bank clerk he saw in rumpoy . 
  i honestly think farage is the sort of guy who repeats his bullshit in the mirror ten times to make sure he sounds believable when he makes a speech . 
  i do n't know about commercial spaces , but where exactly can you rent a 45 m2 apartment in bucharest for less than $ 300 , in cluj you can ... 
  of course he wo n't , the stupid ape has no concept of responsibility for his own actions . 
  yeah but bucharest is ugly as fuck , the traffic is horrendous and the people are rude . 
  also , the rents are pretty ridiculous , why would they want to open a business in bucharest , when they can open one in timisoara or cluj and pay half the rent they would in bucharest ? 
  yea , but you have shitty internet speeds . 
  i doubt most people would know where to place cameroon on a map . 
  or they 'd think you 're talking about david cameron ... 
  kind of reminds me of romania during the commie times , a few days before ceausescu visited any place , everyone was hard at work cleaning everything , fixing potholes , cutting the grass , planting flowers etc. 
  after he left , in a few days everything would look like shit again . 
  yes , switzerland is doing `` just fine '' because it 's filthy rich , not because it 's a direct democracy . 
  and if you think switzerland being filthy rich has anything to do with it 's direct democracy you are delusional , it has mostly to do with the fact that it 's the biggest and most famous tax haven and money laundry in the entire fucking world . 
   censor.net.ua is censored ( forbidden and blocked ) in russian federation ... use a vpn maybe ? 
  [ what moldova thinks of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s78id7fiyfu ), 
  well , it 's becoming less and less likely that the uk govt . 
  is going to trigger article 50 in the near future , so the shitstorm is merely being delayed , not avoided . 
  personally , i believe in every country in the world there are some people for whom the normal rules simply do n't apply . 
  not saying they ca n't go to prison under any circumstances , just that there 's a lot of shit they can get away with that other people would be immediately thrown in jail for . 
  you do n't have to be a conspiratard to notice this . 
  of course he thinks it 's wonderful , his low quality tabloids have been pushing anti-eu propaganda since like forever . 
  soros has also made a ton of money from brexit . 
  yeah , but replacing a vast amount of workers with robots that do n't have to pay taxes is not very sustainable in the long term , it 's basically worse than mass migration . 
  the social tensions between the rich and the poor would reach a boiling point , and the rich know better to learn from history , they do n't want another communist revolution . 
  the title is misleading , she never said `` close friends '' . 
  what she said was `` i have , let 's call them that , `` friends '' , whom i 've known for 10 years who were close to offering to help me pack my bags '' . 
  she was ironic when she said friends and never said they offered to help her pack her bags , just that they were `` close to offering it '' , so they were probably hinting how excited they were at the prospect of her leaving . 
  well erdogan is pretty despotic , it does n't seem to work well against terrorists though ... 
  istanbul is partly in europe , specifically , the airport is in europe . 
  fuck , my gf was there last week . 
  she 's in shock . 
  i 'm just crossing out turkey from my list of countries to visit . 
  how did this happen though , afaik , the istanbul airport is full of security personnel and they always seem on edge compared to other airports ? 
  everything except the populus poll where pretty close . 
  it was a close result anyway , there 's no way you can predict an outcome if the society is so divided about it . 
  i think he was piss drunk when he did that one . 
   in a few weeks it 's marching season where unionists march and sing offensive songs about nationalists . 
  wow , i thought the tensions have died down since the 1990s . 
  is there any risk for violence at those marches ? 
  it 's kind of the same thing that is happening with moldova . 
  tons of people apply every year for romanian passports even if they are pro-russian and romanian law ca n't deny them , because everyone who has at least one grandparent born in moldova before it was annexed by the ussr is still entitled to romanian citizenship . 
  i wish pro-russians would be denied romanian passports , but as they say , you ca n't have your cake and eat it . 
   lost trade with the eu will mean lower demand , and that will need to be compensated for by domestic demand . 
  i assume you mean domestic supply . 
  sure , sounds great in theory , but it 's difficult to increase domestic supply when the costs of labour are going up because you no longer have poles working for 5 punds an hour and many investors thinking how to gtfo our of the uk . 
  the harsh reality is that despite all its opt-outs , the uk has become very entangled with the eu in the last 4 decades and breaking that relationship is going to be very painful . 
  it 's only fair to expel people if they start acting like social parasites . 
  it 's not fair to expel people if they have the means to support themselves and contribute to the economy . 
  usually , when the economy is having a hiccup , governments either raise taxes or cut spending , you know it 's really bad when they 're doing both at the same time . 
  they only ones who were bluffing were the leave campaigners . 
  i would find it hard myself to act in professional manner being in the same room with a man like farage . 
  he is like that kid sitting in the back of the class , always giggling , pranking other students , mocking the teachers etc. 
  of course , a teacher has the authority to kick such a student out of the class , but the ep ca n't kick farage out and everyone has a limit . 
  farage only cares about his own party/image , he does n't care how much his antics will hurt britain 's position in the negotiations , all he knows is that his voters love his clownery . 
  hate verhofstadt as much as you like , but he was right when he said the biggest waste of money is the salary the eu is paying to farage . 
  what a twat !, 
  basically the first thing brexiters said on friday morning was that they wanted to have `` informal negotiations '' before they trigger article 50 . 
  juncker basically told them to fuck off . 
  hah , we beat all of our neighbors . 
  how come greece and ukraine are n't considered total junk tho ? 
   in western countries not generally no . 
  the reason being that downgrades happen when the economy is n't doing great . 
  when the economy is n't doing great investors put money into bonds since they are safe investments . 
  more investors buying bonds lowers rates . 
  i do n't understand , why would they invest in bonds if the interest rates are already very low ? 
  also , if the uk were to leave to single market , imported goods would become more expensive , thus generating inflation , not to mention the pound is n't very stable right now either . 
  yeah , good theory , only that poster is not made by the dutch , just some butthurt hungarian living in the netherlands . 
   what kind of schizo made it ? 
  a hungarian , obviously . 
  you do realize numbers will be different if the uk no will no longer have free movement of people , right ? 
  not to mention it 's a low cost airline , so it 's customers are people that are likely to be hit the hardest by any limitation to the free movement of people . 
  just some butthurt hungarian living in the netherlands , apparently he did [ something similar ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zmhve ) when there was the ukraine deal referendum .
