  however , it 's not a direct copy of it , so i do n't think any parts are compatible . 
  anyway , the gun totally sucks , i know they always say `` do n't blame the tool '' , but that shit seems almost like it 's designed to make the shooter feel miserable . 
  as for glock , i only shot the 17 and i really liked it , also i like the fact that it 's big , i do n't think i 'd like the 26 as much , because it 's smaller . 
  i 'd say glocks are good pistols too , even though the only 9mm pistol i 've shot besides the glock is the carpati , which is a total piece of shit , i ca n't believe some romanian police officers trust their lives to that pile of crap ( it 's standard issue , but cops can get themselves any 9mm pistol they want ) . 
  you know what the funny part is ? 
  in 2006 , i would have said we ( eastern europe ) are catching up to the west . 
  ten years down the road , seems like the west is catching up to us . 
  i just have a gut feeling that this shit will end up with us killing each other all over again ( obviously not talking just about austria , but all the shit that 's been happening lately ) . 
   and is armed with a glock to protect himself from migrants . 
  that man is a true patriot - most people carry a chinese or korean made smartphone , this guy caries an austrian made glock . 
  do n't say it 's over until it 's over . 
  they actually messed up twice , the second time they had some problem with envelopes , glue not sticking or some other bullshit no one believes . 
   why not accept the fact that they are different and respect that ? 
  lol . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  when people share the same space , there must be rules . 
  if you had a roommate that shat in your lunchbox , would you just say `` oh , he 's a bit different i should respect that '' . 
  no , you would most likely go out of your mind . 
  sure , if we had some sort of reservations to keep the roma separate from the general population , we might accept it , but only because we would n't have to deal with their shit first hand . 
  however , this is not acceptable in the 21st century , we share the same cities and villages , the same schools , hospitals , roads and other public facilities , so they must follow the rules . 
  if they want society to respect them , they must learn how to shower , how to read and write , how to get a job and make a purpose for their life and in general how to behave like a normal civilized human being who understands why it is necessary to follow the god damn rules . 
  in romania , we have to learn two foreign languages , one from the first or second grade , depending on the school , usually english and a second one from the fifth grade ( depending on the school , you usually have a choice between french and german ) . 
  so in theory , when you finish high school , you would have studied one foreign language for 11 or 12 years and another for 8 years , so you should a fucking polyglot . 
  in reality though , people who are good at two foreign languages are extremely rare , some are good at one but suck at the other , some might be able to do a basic conversation in both , but many completely suck at both foreign languages they studied . 
  from my experience , hungarians from hungary totally suck at foreign languages . 
  the ones from romania at least speak a sodomized version of romanian . 
  the title is kind of wrong , in 90 % of cases it 's not the road , but the people driving on them . 
  i never liked that song tbh , i do n't know why it became so popular in romania , let alone the fuckin ' world . 
  anyway , that band is long disbanded and the main guy ( who 's sexuality has been questioned numerous times ) now lives in russia , from where he almost got deported , because his dad , who is the head of the moldovan intelligence agency , pissed off the russians . 
  idk , but imho , the idea of promoting tourism to the country specifically because it does n't get any tourists is not a viable strategy . 
  sure , there will always be some exccentric people wanting to visit it , the same way that there are some exccentric people wanting to visit north korea , but certainly not enough to build a tourism industry with any significant benefit to the economy . 
   ah yeah , the also famous 100 million . 
  yes , as your article says , victor ponta did make such a promise , because electoral year and wanted to be president , but since then victor ponta is no longer anything and dodon , who is pro-russia , won . 
  i have my doubts if the deal with realize . 
  you do n't even know wtf you 're talking about , the deal was signed in 2010 and has already been implemented , it does n't have shit to do with victor ponta . 
   first of all , i know what our romanian brothers think of our students , it 's more funny when you look at the user name -_- , yeah because i think you have to be an ungrateful , disgusting piece of shit to take advantage of a romanian scholarship and support dodon at the same time . 
   dog bless america see what i 'm talking about ? 
  so they build you a quarter billion dollars worth of roads and you ca n't even show a little gratitude . 
  even dodon uses one of those fucking roads when he goes from chisinau to his village , so he does n't have to wreck his $ 50.000 mercedes . 
  typical moldovan , begs for money from romania and the west and then sucks russian dick . 
  i ca n't find the article regarding free electricity , i remember reading about it around 2010 . 
  idk if it was a temporary or permanent thing . 
  anyway , one thing is for sure , romania has given at least $ 100 million in aid to moldova through just one program . 
  the money was used for schools , kindergartens , for bringing smurd to moldova and some infrastructure projects . 
  in addition to that , romania also offers thousands of scholarships every year to moldovan students . 
  [ source ] ( http://diez.md/2016/06/22/doc-admitere-2016-cate-locuri-de-studii-ofera-romania-tinerilor-din-moldova-perioada-inscrierilor/ ) [ regarding the us built roads in moldova ] ( https://www.mcc.gov/where-we-work/program/moldova-compact ) [ regarding the human trafficking problem ] ( https://www.fightagainsttrafficking.org/resource-centre/downloads/category/1-newsletters?download=14:moldova-update-november-2015 ), 
  i expected to see remove kebab there , am disappoint . 
  all the things you are talking about are already being done . 
  without external aid , moldova would be much worse , actually it would collapse completely . 
  romania even gives them free electricity , the us has built some roads there , the eu is helping them with the massive human trafficking problem and so on . 
  regarding trade , the problem is n't really trade barriers , they can sell their products tariff free if i 'm not mistaken , the problem is that they do n't really make much of anything to begin with . 
   supporting tourism that 's a tough one . 
  you ca n't really support tourism to a country that has almost no inherent tourism potential at all . 
  they have a nice underground wine cellar complex at milestii mici ( it is the largest wine collection in the world ) and some cute monasteries , but that 's about it . 
  other than that , there really is n't much to see , the country is inherently ugly - it 's landlocked , a hilly landscape with no spectacular features , no significant natural reservations , and all the cities have a late '80s provincial soviet feel to them , sort of what north korea would look like if you replaced all the propaganda banners with commercial ads . 
  another major problem that completely kills its tourism potential is the fact that very few people ( and yes , that includes young people ) speak english . 
  if you do find someone who does speak english , 9 times out of 10 it 's either someone who studies foreign languages at university or a former/current camwhore ( they actually have english teachers who specialize in training camwhores , a concept they borrowed from romania , even though camwhoring is very illegal in moldova and the police actively search for camwhore studios and shut them down ) . 
  it 's not bigger , it has a higher gdp per capita , which is what this map compares . 
  uh , [ it 's not ] ( https://www.mae.ro/sites/default/files/file/pdf/formulare-consulare/vize/2014.06.09_anexa_1_ro_conf_reg_509-2014.pdf ) . 
  you need either a romanian visa or a schengen visa to enter romania . 
  romanians can enter ukraine without a visa though . 
  200 pounds sounds very excessive , the most i 've paid was like 70 pounds from timisoara to london with checked-in luggage , priority boarding and all that shit using wizz air . 
  idk , maybe these companies know romanians are total cheapskates in general so that 's why flights to/from romania might be so cheap , but i doubt a flight from uk to ireland with ryanair would be that expensive . 
  the thing is that the airport i 've flown from was basically owned ( or contracted idk ) by ryanair ( dusseldorf weeze ) , i had no checked-in luggage , i could only check in online on the same day as departure and could not even choose my seat . 
  but again , it was dirt cheap so ca n't really complain about anything . 
   but does that `` still something '' really pay for the costs ? 
  well , it has helped in the case of moldova at least . 
  even though they elected a pro-russian puppet as president now , he pretty much has his hands tied and has already backtracked on his plans to scrap the association agreement , as this would mean the elimination of visa free travel as well , which would generate a massive shit storm , as it would affect quite a lot of people . 
  if it was n't for the visa free regime , he could have scrapped whatever agreement with the eu without any massive consequences . 
  of course it 's still shitty that he won , but soviet mentalities ca n't be changed in a day , and that is also true for ukraine . 
   especially considering it will hurt our relationship with russia what relationship ? 
  the relationship is already fucked up , what will happen will be that putin will say some shit , eu officials will say some shit and that 's going to be it . 
  russia is already pretty streched out at this point , they ca n't afford to do something that will bring even more sanctions , like kicking them out of swift . 
  they will limit themselves to propaganda and financing far right parties across the eu , which is still dangerous , but nothing they have n't been doing already . 
  idk about other eu countries , but for us it 's going to probably mean an increase in tourism . 
  we already get a lot of moldovan tourists since the visa regime was lifted in 2014 . 
  they do n't spend a lot of money because `` lol , moldova '' , but it 's still something . 
  i imagine ukrainians will spend a little more . 
  what about the military base in constanta ? 
  it was used by the us since at least 1999 . 
   as is a huge portion of the population . 
  i can understand orban being pro-russian , as it 's all about the $ $ $ for him , but a huge portion of the population ?!, 
  did the people forget how the soviets ass raped hungary back in ' 56 ? 
   disclaimer : the $ 450 are for transportation . 
  transport inside europe is dirt cheap nowadays , nothing new to that . 
  i 've flown from germany to romania for like $ 2.39 once , i mean it feels like you 're the one ripping them off when it 's usually the other way around . 
   however , if you buy groceries at local supermarkets , stay with friends / at hostels as much as possible you can save big on accommodation and food in europe . 
  while i agree that is true , i do n't really see the point of it , unless your main objective is to see a bunch of buildings ( from the outside , as most museums and castles and shit charge you a fee ) and to cross out as many destinations as possible . 
  while i am a total cheapskate myself when it comes to flights , i simply can not imagine myself going to paris with my girlfriend and sleeping in some bunk bed with a bunch of other people and not trying out some quality local food at a restaurant . 
  it just ruins the whole experience imho . 
  lucky orban , he sucked the right dick this time , i bet he 's jubilating . 
  with drugs , the margins are so astronomically high , distance does n't even matter , it 's mostly about how risky it is to ship into country a or country b. 
  not surprised romania is n't even on that list , it 's pretty much impossible to find that shit here unless you are part of some exclusive circles , and even then , it probably costs an arm and a leg for some mediocre quality product . 
   even romania surpassed russia in minimal wage afaik , romania has always had a bigger minimum wage and overall better living standards than russia in general ( except maybe moscow and st. petersburg ) . 
  actually , russia only has a bigger gdp per capita than romania is because they have a shit ton of gas and oil , if it was n't for that , they would most likely just be a much bigger version of ukraine or moldova . 
  iirc , at the latest census around 23 % considered themselves romanians . 
  also , to paraphrase you , a romanian who gets brainwashed by soviets does not stop being a romanian . 
  he might be a traitor , an idiot , or both , but still is a romanian . 
  i can imagine if this shit as well as the `` snoopers charter '' would have been the brainchild of an eu commissioner , you would 've had massive protests all across the uk , but since this bullshit comes from the uk government , it 's perfectly fine , because `` sovereignty '' . 
  what a bunch of sheeple ...
