  but when you look at the bigger picture and realize there are hundreds of millions or even billions of people in this situation , it becomes obvious that its unsustainable . 
  no matter how you look at the problem , you ca n't find a solution that is completely moral . 
  if developed countries close themselves off completely to immigration it 's immoral because they deny everyone else the hope of making a better life for themselves . 
  if developed countries open themselves completely to immigration it 's also immoral , as they would eventually turn into the same shitholes those people are trying to escape . 
  that 's why you have immigration control - people are allowed to come , but they need to meet certain conditions to ensure they can be integrated in the host country and be a benefit for it , rather than a burden . 
  unfortunately , some countries in europe seem to have forgotten about this , with their open door and multikulti policies . 
  not that i support illegal immigration or anything , but saying illegal immigrants are criminals is a bit of a stretch . 
  how can she call herself right wing when she would rather give money to migrants rather than invest in decaying infrastructure ? 
  the cdu might have historically been a right wing party , but their current policies are anything but right wing . 
  because we had a sudden change from a communist regime where pretty much everybody ( except for the commie super-elite ) was at roughly the same level to a form of jungle capitalism where some people became extremely rich practically overnight and did n't know what to do with their newly amassed fortunes other than show off in front of the `` losers '' . 
  there are essentially only three kinds of rich people in romania : - those who made massive amounts of money during the 90s era of jungle capitalism when there were basically no rules , no taxes , no regulations and the government was itself involved in pyramid schemes and fraudulent privatisations . 
  - those who made money in the late 1990s and 2000s by working in western countries , living almost like animals there to spend as little money as possible and then returning to romania to brag with their money . 
  also those who made massive profits on the real estate market as prices jumped 10 times between 2000 and 2008 . 
  after 2008 , it became almost impossible to make lots of money without actually working hard , so there are few people who made massive amounts of money after that . 
  - corrupt politicians . 
  not much to say about them , they just outright stole money from the state . 
  naah , we do n't hack bank accounts , that 's too complicated , [ we just scam rich americans on ebay ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oonyzyutgj0 ) , because it 's as easy as stealing candy from a baby . 
  well , at least you know it was n't stolen from britain , because the steering wheel is on the correct side . 
   - home : shitty 1-2 room commieblock apartment . 
   - car : new mercedes , bmw or a range rover , parked right next to the building because the owner is too cheap to pay for a parking lot space . 
  this accurately describes most romanian cities as well . 
  also , why would he buy a parking lot space ? 
  the whole point is to show off , if you leave it in front of the building more people will see it than in the parking lot . 
  my uncle worked for 30 years in austria , has his own construction company there , still probably could n't afford such a car without wrecking havoc on his finances . 
  yeah , eastern europeans really love to show off . 
  if you walk around any major romanian city , you 'll see lots of people dressed in name brand clothing , sporting the latest smartphone , but then you realize the clothes were bought from some second hand store which sells clothes that were originally donated to charity , the $ 200 shoes were actually bought for $ 40 from his friend martin who stole them from a belgian shopping mall and the $ 600 phone was bought for $ 60 from a gypsy who stole it from some unsuspecting londoner last month . 
  yup . 
  russia hires only the best quality people . 
  [ here ] ( https://psb4ukr.org/criminal/martynova-kokareva-yuliya-viktorovna/ ) is the link to the full dox ( nsfw ) . 
  she is considered a wanted terrorist within ukraine . 
  my $ 10 it 's russia or ukraine . 
  take [ this fine young woman ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4abobho.jpg ) ( nsfw ) for example , no she is n't some random porn star , she is a [ deputy minister ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xsxcl3d.jpg ) in the post annexation crimean government . 
  images courtesy of most likely the ukrainian intelligence service ( sbu ) . 
  they only have themselves to blame for voting leftarded governments who import foreign conflicts . 
  this is precisely the reason why we , in eastern europe , do n't want merkel 's refugees . 
  the justice system protects the police pretty much everywhere . 
  we had a similar case to menezes here in romania a few years ago , police were looking for a wanted criminal , they stopped the wrong car , got out with no uniforms and masks over their head , guy got scared , tried to back off with his car and boom , headshot . 
  no officer spent a single day in prison for this . 
  i understand they were trying to catch a very dangerous guy , they probably did n't want him to know they were following him ( so probably that 's why they had no uniforms ) , but in such cases you have to be 200 % sure it 's the right guy , because anyone would get scared and try to escape a bunch of big masked guys with guns . 
  rather , the things you have when you have a bunch of oil to sell to other countries . 
  yeah , perhaps because latvians were n't forced to speak english or german for half a century ? 
  just sayin ', 
  and how many of those 39 % are genuine minorities and how many are soviet transplants and descendants of soviet transplants brought in specifically to destroy latvian identity ? 
  the russian language has always been russia 's main weapon in its expansionist policies , to underestimate it would be foolish , you 'd basically end up like ukraine or moldova . 
  he was fined for posting on an official account , not his personal account . 
  i think it should be common sense that politicians should only use the state language when acting officially . 
  our president is german , but it 's not like he posts in german on the official president facebook account . 
  even when going to germany , or other german speaking countries , he makes official statements in romanian . 
  the point is , this is not about some random guy posting in russian on his personal facebook page , it 's the mayor of latvia 's capital . 
  basescu is only two years younger than vadim ... 
   and he 's also bound to end up in jail for corruption any day now . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
   not even donald trump managed to say something this ridiculous . 
  yeah , you 're right , trump does n't want to deport terrorists ' families , he wants to [ murder them ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-reiterates-desire-to-murder-terrorists-families-a6912496.html ) . 
  usually , but not always , do n't forget those hipsters who got inside a belgian nuclear base and wandered around for like an hour before they were confronted by a mildly annoyed belgian soldier . 
  security at military bases , especially in europe , is more shitty than we 'd like to believe . 
  it 's good ol' eastern european to smack the shit out of your wife if she not make good potato soup or iron shirt properly . 
   their government is total scum and they are quite good at brainwashing their populace as well yep , it is a known fact ukraine and russia have many things in common . 
  i would n't have any problem if it was applied to all religions tbh . 
  sure , islam gets to be in the spotlight right now , but all forms of organized religion is poisonous to certain degree . 
  maybe because not all left wing parties consist exclusively of retards . 
  there are many left-wing ideas that are good , you do n't have to go full retard like western european left-wing parties do . 
  it 's all around you mate . 
  i do n't think it 's that weird , probably just an extreme case of attention whoring . 
  it 's not unheard of women lying about rape , it probably happens all the time , it 's just that the concept of innocent until proven guilty is de facto reversed when it comes to rape . 
  of course , false rape allegations during mass rapes are very rare , but that 's only because mass rapes themselves are very rare . 
  i seriously doubt vadim 's electorate cares about terrorists , his hardcore supporters were mainly anti-hungarian and antisemites . 
  basescu is friends with orban , and i do n't think he ever said anything antisemitic . 
  but those people do n't even matter , they were probably 10-20 % of vadim 's electorate , the vast majority who voted for vadim were just people fed up with the establishment and voted for vadim as a protest or because they found him funny . 
  basescu has no chance of grabbing those votes as he was essentially the establishment for 10 years . 
  i do n't know what happened to basescu , he was , in a perverse machiavellian sort of way , a very capable politicians . 
  he managed to win two presidential elections despite the odds being against him in both cases , as well as survive two referendums for his dismissal . 
  he should realize at this point he has no chance of a comeback in romanian politics . 
  if he was smart , he would go to moldova and run there for parliament or something , as he has many more supporters there than he does in romania . 
  hopefully , the german people will also rule out merkel and her party at the next elections . 
  that 's true , however , most eastern nato members in reality have only a strategy to hold the russians back long enough for nato troops to deploy . 
  their entire strategy relies on nato ( the us in particular ) to step in and fight the russians . 
  if that does n't happen , we 're fucked , basically . 
  there are issues to training people in guerrilla warfare though , and governments want to avoid it , because it might turn around and bite their ass . 
  a traditional military is easy to control , almost like a robot army , individual soldiers do n't need to be smart , they just need to follow orders . 
  guerrilla soldiers need to be smart , they need to know how to improvise and have the skills required to create massive disruptions with minimal manpower , governments fear that . 
  this map seems full of shit to me : - there 's no way moldova is above montenegro . 
  i 've been to both countries and montenegro is several classes above moldova . 
  - i seriously doubt poland beats italy . 
  yes , i know polan stronk and italy 's south is shit , but let 's be serious here . 
  - the scores of bulgaria and romania seem reversed , yes the countries are very similar in many aspects , but there is a noticeable difference and it 's in favor of romania . 
  - there 's no way belarus is comparable to croatia and greece . 
  - no way germany is above switzerland there are simply too many anomalies for this to be legit . 
  the whole map is full of shit , you need to stop trusting every map posted on reddit . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm drunk as fuck . 
  is this for real or just satire ? 
  and how do you use gold to buy shit off the internet ? 
   yes , which is why nobody wants to kill the company . 
  vw can be fined without going bankrupt . 
  yes , it can be fined , but fines have to be reasonable , not tens of billions . 
  vw is a huge company that 's very important for europe , especially germany . 
  if vw was to go bankrupt , it would be a huge fucking disaster , tons of jobs would be lost across europe . 
  if they want to punish someone , punish the execs responsible for this , fine them , imprison them , send them to the guillotine for all i care , but killing the whole company would be dumb . 
  and for what , giving money to a bunch of people , most of which most likely do n't give a shit about thrir car 's emissions , but of course they 'd love free money , because who would n't , right ? 
  let 's be honest , the only reason people give any shit about emissions is because taxes .
