  punch someone in the face and they get knocked out ? 
  you 'll most likely get charged with attempted murder . 
  romania has some of the toughest laws in the eu , i remember romanian tv interviewing a gypsy thief from sweden , he said if he had done in romania all the stuff he did in sweden he would have rotten in jail . 
  glad that you also mentioned corruption , because the dna has a conviction rate of over 90 % there are over 1000 corrupt politicians and other public servants currently in prison . 
  i doubt you can give me many examples of democratic countries where a former pm was sentenced to prison . 
   this is n't new for them , and that 's just regular high school kids . 
  disassembling/reassembling an ak is dead simple , you can teach a 10 year old to do it in like 5 minutes . 
  i 'd like to see them do that shit with an m16/ar15 . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  that 's not a major problem , in dictatorships , military training is 20 % about actually handling weapons and learning how to fight/survive etc. 
  and 80 % is about following orders and not questioning authority . 
  imho , he should have been sent indefinitely to a psychiatric institution . 
  if you 're 17 and rape a 72 year old woman you have serious problems upstairs . 
  idk , the uk has a prison population of roughly 85.000 for a population of 60 mil . 
  romania has a prison population of roughly 30.000 for a population of 20 mil . 
  keeping proportions , if romania would have the same population as britain , the prison population would be around 96.000 , that 's like 13 % higher , so we can safely conclude that romanians do n't have some genetic or cultural predisposition to crime , or whatever . 
   and on a side note , the idea that a gipsy immigrant from romania would be speaking romanian , is impossibly ridiculous . 
  they speak a gipsy language of their own , wherever they are , wherever they go . 
  i do n't know the name of it in other languages , but we call it ( \u0163ig\u0103ne\u015fte ) . 
  speaking gypsy language only works if they are from the same area . 
  there 's no standard version of gypsy language that every gypsy speaks , so it 's likely when you have gypsies from southern and western romania for example , they would n't understand each other very well , thus they would speak romanian . 
  oil . 
  since i 'm partly hungarian , i will obviously say hungary . 
  hungary is basically like romania , but with better roads , cleaner towns and cities and more neo-nazis . 
  bulgaria is also like romania , but with worse roads , worse cities and cyrillic letters . 
  mici ( mititei ) and beer are pretty much compulsory . 
  yeah , sorry , but if manly russia wants to take gotland , there 's not much gay sweden can do about it . 
  [ all you got ta do is answer one simple question ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xve5abt4nxq ), 
  [ improved version of the map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bkmkrsx.png ), 
  i do n't understand why an european in their right mind would want to visit turkey right now . 
  excluding the risk of terrorist attacks , by visiting turkey you are basically financing erdocunt with euromoney . 
  oh , good ol' oppressed muslims bullcrap . 
  if you go into any major city in europe , its bound to have at least one area that looks like the fucking mecca . 
  if anything , europe tolerates too much of this shit , definitely much more than muslim countries tolerate non-muslims . 
  in some muslim countries you can be arrested if you are caught kissing in public and no one gives a shit , in europe you get a huge scandal if a businessowner tries to enforce a uniform code that prevents muslim women from wearing headscarves , and yet you 're still the ones complaining ? 
  lol . 
  where in europe do you have hotels ( or any kind of businesses for that matter ) that openly refuse to serve people of certain nationalities ? 
  so what if they 're old ? 
  they actually got off lightly , they 'll probably spend a couple of years in prison before they die . 
  however , it 's important to send the message out there , if you do shit , you will eventually have to pay for it , even if you 'll be 90 years old when it happens . 
  it 's probably wishful thinking , but maybe this will send a message to people who think they 're above the law right now . 
   you love the money and the free movement but hate everything else about our union . 
  with all due respect , i do n't think having to take thousands upon thousands of mena immigrants was presented as an `` european value '' in 2004 and 2007 . 
  in romania at least , it seems like the women are attracted to the areas where the guys have more money . 
  the areas shaded pink also happen to be the richest areas . 
  torturer ion ficior , was sentenced by the high court of cassation and justice to 20 years in prison for crimes against humanity . 
  the former head of the periprava prison , now 88 , has been accused of the death of more than 100 detainees between 1958 and 1963 . 
  ion ficior was arrested on wednesday by police from his home in bucharest and taken to prison . 
  out of all the countries , it 's the british who find themselves criticizing germany 's immigration/asylum policies . 
  lol . 
  take a look at your own country first . 
  oh , and btw , obtaining citizenship in germany is much harder than in the uk , including for eu citizens , let alone asylum seekers from shitty countries . 
  lol . 
  politicians , will of the people . 
  pick one . 
  i do n't know if it 's the main reason , but danish universities are very popular with romanian students . 
  free tuition combined with a relatively relaxed curriculum makes them very attractive . 
  can we issue an eu wide ban for farage , just like with russian officials ? 
  do n't worry , the eu will still be the scapegoat for the next five years at least . 
  after that , they will probably revert to the classic `` blame the old administration '' . 
  and now the shitshow really starts . 
  panem et circenses for the british !, 
  the map is inaccurate , romania , not russia is moldova 's top import partner . 
  i do n't know , your strategy sounds viable if you have a tiny weenie , but otherwise not really . 
  i mean you have to hold the snake to tame it , otherwise you get piss all over the place , including your pants . 
  and then you end smelling like piss . 
  definitely not a good hit with the ladies . 
  we also tend to label stuff `` made in eu '' , especially the stuff that 's made mostly for export . 
  i also find it pretty funny we have match boxes labeled `` fabricat \u00een ue '' ( they are made in romania ) , no shit sherlock !, 
   does n't take an idiot to figure out that statistically there 's less immigrants so that equals less crime ( statistically ) you clearly have no idea what statistics is about . 
  i ca n't imagine how it 's like to be so ignorant that you think the eu is a free trade deal . 
  hmm , let 's see , which side to pick - the one where all the pussy is , or the sausage fest full of guys with monkey level iqs and prison tats ? 
  decisions , decisions ... 
  what do you mean `` you do n't need to touch to yourself '' ? 
  you need to whip it out , hold it to aim , shake it to finish and finally put it back inside in a comfortable position . 
  all of that requires manhandling the cobra . 
  having problems aiming ? 
  mental note to self : never shake hands with a dutch person . 
  the answer is largely dependent on whether the person you ask has a penis or a vagina . 
  i do n't think we are , i would say poland is . 
  the czech republic , slovakia , hungary etc. 
  were already more developed than romania during communism , but poland was at about the same level . 
  the reason was simply that their politicians in the 90s were focused on running the country not just filling their pockets . 
  i 'm not saying polish politicians were angels ( they probably were far from that , like any politicians in any country ) , but ours only cared about enriching themselves , not giving a damn about the fact that they were irreparably fucking up the country . 
   more fancier things include expensive drawing tablet ( we were able to afford 300 $ tablet , but it 's not the best ) are you into graphic design ? 
  why do n't you try to use your skills to make some money , a cousin of mine , who 's also still in high school designs posters for different events , makes some good money . 
   clearly they are not taken care of kn their home country . 
  seriously , i do n't understand what 's with you swedes and this phrase . 
  it seems to me like it 's impossible for you to understand that not all countries are , can or want to be social benefits paradises . 
  the romanian state barely has money to pay pensions and short term unemployment benefits , the average taxpayer/voter is not too excited by the idea of having to pay more money to lazy fucks who do n't want to work . 
  the state provides them with opportunities , they have access to free schooling like everyone else and nowadays even adults with low incomes are eligible for free courses for qualifications in a large variety of domains . 
  the fact that most gypsies choose not to take advantage of them is no longer our problem , as taxpayers . 
  here , begging is illegal , if they get caught , their money is taken , and they also get beat up at the police station for good measure . 
  if you guys tolerate behavior like begging on your streets , it 's your problem not ours . 
  if your government really wanted to get rid of romanian gypsy beggars , they could simply ask our government to send some police to sweden to deal with the problem . 
  the uk asked for the same thing and our government was glad to help . 
  just do n't expect them to do it the swedish way , let them do it the romanian way and most beggars will be off the streets in no time . 
  it 's funny that so many americans believe europe ( and much of the world ) should be grateful to them and that america would be better off with policies of non-interventionism . 
  you seem to forget that all the luxuries you enjoy today , like suburbs , big cars , high standards of living etc. 
  are exactly due to american interventionist policies .
