  the problem is when police are corrupt and working with the gangs ( as it often happens in italy for example ) . 
  even if the police is n't corrupt , the `` master '' could still tell the `` slaves '' that police are working for them and not many would risk going to the police in the first place . 
  this whole slavery thing simply could n't exist if authorities were n't corrupt . 
  the title is misleading . 
  it 's not `` the left '' who is tipped to win , but the psd . 
  the psd is not a leftist party , but a populist one . 
  it has more in common with poland 's pis than with western leftist parties . 
  switzerland has a population of 8 million . 
  giving 2500 francs per month to everyone would mean 240 billion francs per year . 
  where the hell will the swiss state get that much money , when the entire gdp of switzerland is like 680 billion francs ? 
  giving free money to people who are able to work is just wrong . 
  everyone would only want to work high paying jobs , creating a shortage of workers in low paying jobs . 
  because demand would go up , and stuff wo n't magically appear from nowhere , thus leading to inflation . 
  switzerland is already one of the most expensive countries in the world , i do n't think it needs to become even more expensive . 
  good , basic income is the stupidest idea i 've ever heard . 
  i do n't think radiation counts as conventional pollution . 
  also , the chernobyl exclusion zone is probably one of the greenest places in ukraine right now , just look on google street view . 
   likewise , but the fact is that our forestation rate has increased since independence , while romania 's has decreased . 
  well , the lack of economic activity sure is beneficial to the environment . 
  also , the fact that you did n't have many forests to begin with , means stealing them would n't have been very profitable anyway . 
  your politicians stole pretty much everything that was ever valuable , if the forests were valuable too , i doubt they would have spared them . 
   shit is boomin here what is booming , consumption ? 
  fuck that , consumption was booming in 2008 too , we all know how that turned out . 
  meanwhile , the things that really matter for long term development , like exports and infrastructure are stagnating . 
  but this is the romanian , all he wants is to buy clothes at h&m so he can then stain them while eating a shitty 10 lei shawarma in his second hand bmw imported from germany . 
  well , if the israelis managed to grow forests in the fucking desert , pretty sure you could too , if you wanted . 
  anyway , i still do n't understand where all that pollution comes from , it ca n't be just from neighboring countries.it 's also weird that it 's so neat , no different color spots , the only logical explanation i can think of , is that you only have one air quality measuring station in the whole country . 
  yeah , they should plant some fucking trees . 
  i would think they gather data from the air quality measuring stations , but that data can be misleading , especially when local authorities plant trees around them to make themselves look good , [ like they did in timisoara . 
  i do n't understand how moldova is orange when they pretty much have no economy , the only shit they produce being wine , but i doubt that pollutes a lot . 
  i 'm also pretty sure they have the lowest car ownership per capita of the entire continent . 
   lidl is arguably the best value for money option here in romania . 
  the worst being kaufland and profi . 
  idk , kaufland has a much bigger selection of products than lidl . 
  also , lidl 's customer service is quite crappy , they seem to find the worst moments to clean the floor or stock the shelves ( exactly when it 's full of customers ) and it takes someone to make a scene for them to open more checkout lanes . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen them open all the checkout lanes , not even in holiday seasons when the store is absolutely packed . 
  kaufland has a better product selection and better customer service , they will even pay you if you have to wait more than 5 minutes for checkout . 
  with profi , i have to agree , it 's absolute shit . 
  baltics are not ukraine . 
  all 3 countries have something like 15 % the entire population of ukraine . 
  they were also doing much better than ukraine even in the ussr years . 
  but the main reason is that ukraine is freaking huge and much poorer than even the poorest eu countries . 
  well , you can see at the end they gave up and let them go through . 
  they did n't even fine the gypsy guy . 
  they were actually trying to get from hungary into romania , but shhhhh , do n't tell nigel about it . 
  this pro-brexit propaganda is getting annoying . 
  how the hell am i supposed to identify whether a phrase is written in slovakian , slovenian or croatian ? 
  also , when did austria anschluss slovenia ? 
  still looks ugly as fuck , they could 've built a tunnel or something . 
  why do they need a highway through the city , anyway ? 
  yeah , just look how many are wearing flip-flops and socks !, 
  this is definitely going to keep him up at night . 
  what an eyesore !, 
  [ romanians trying to get to switzerland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm6bi-n1144 ), 
  the crowd looks calm and organized . 
  in romania , there 's like a civil war between senior citizens whenever a new supermarket opens - doese n't matter which brand or whether it 's the first or the 20th supermarket in that city . 
  nothing more than clickbait , native language tests are always more difficult than foreign language ones . 
  in romania at least , for english you are given some basic grammar questions and have to write a short essay on some arbitrary subject , for romanian on the other hand , you are given much more complex tasks , like describing the characters from some novel you may , or may not have read ( if you have n't read it , you 're obviously fucked ) . 
  how a romanian would go about this : step 1 - let them impound the car step 2 - call a good lawyer step 3 - go to a psychologist , claim you had an emotional breakdown from thinking your car was stolen step 4 - sue the city administration for $ 100.000 in moral damages step 5 - sell your old car , buy a porsche step 6 - ??? 
  step 7 - profit ! 1, 
  to be honest , i do n't feel as comfortable in major european cities as i felt a few years ago , but to issue a travel alert for the entire continent is indeed very extreme . 
  in romania , there was a law proposal to let jailed mps vote on laws straight from prison . 
  ca n't remember if it was legit or satire , but i would n't be surprised if it was legit . 
  idk , reformed , unreformed , the guy never shuts up about jesus . 
  he has never touched a joint in his life , nor a vagina . 
  nope , currently in timisoara , but am i 'm from oradea . 
  the only guy i know who never smoked weed is some extremist baptist dude who always speaks about jesus . 
  my girlfriend 's brother is a cop , he smokes them like a furnace . 
  not surprised about the cannabis use in romania , at 50-70 lei per gram , that 's like more than 10 hours work on minimum wage , not to mention dealers are absolute scum , a gram is never a gram , unless you buy straight from the producer , usually they give you like 0.7 , 0.8 , if you 're lucky . 
  for this reason , it makes me happy to see them get caught and thrown behind bars , the fuckers truly deserve it . 
  idk , pretty much everyone i know under 30 has smoked weed at least once . 
  i think it happened right [ here ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@47.4523306,18.9477723,3a,75y,283.1h,86.43t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1svzr369mc1mltozwi0cpaqw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  is n't this place on the m1 freeway , like quite literally next to a huge shopping complex ? 
  also , when did this happen ? 
  i drove around that place on monday , surprised that with my terrible luck record i did n't slam right into the thing . 
  in 1996 , the article was changed to make homosexual acts illegal only if they were done in public or caused public scandals . 
  so homosexuality was n't fully legalized until bombonel dropped the article in 2001 . 
  the notes for romania are n't accurate . 
  afaik , homosexuality was illegal since the late 1930s and fully legalized in 2001 . 
  illegal but often unenforced ? 
  that 's pure bullshit !, 
  i 'm pretty sure romania has one of toughest drug laws and enforcement in europe . 
  i mean , in terms of drug policy , romania is like those shitty asian countries where they hang people for drug possession , except they do n't actually hang them ( but i 'm sure they would , if we still had capital punishment ) . 
  none of the major parties are even considering legalizing weed , even for medical purposes , only some compounds from cannabis are allowed . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  in romania , i can assure you , it 's illegal and really fucking overzealously enforced . 
  our politicians are not even open to the idea of legalization , one politician ( ca n't remember who , but i will dig ) made fun of the us when two states legalized weed . 
  maybe the austrians are more passive-aggressive ... 
  because belgium has a larger economy than romania , obviously ? 
  however , i do n't believe that 's due to the belgian governments being super competent , mostly due to the fact that belgium had the marshall plan , eu membership since the beginning , and did n't have 40 something years of planned economy and 10 + years of transition . 
  also , when looking at a country , you should compare it with its neighbors , romania is doing better than all of its neighbors except hungary ( but it 's quickly catching up to hungary too ) , the same ca n't be said about belgium i 'm afraid . 
   and papua new guinea had the second best rate in the world in 2015 . 
  says much papua new guinea has a lot of mineral resources . 
  in romania , afaik , we have n't discovered a huge oil reserve or something , so the growth is pretty sustainable . 
  also , you ca n't compare romania 's $ 200 billion economy with papua new guinea 's $ 15 billion or something . 
   sure : romanians all come here despite our terrible growth . 
  wonder why . 
  iirc , last year we had more people coming back than moving abroad . 
  also , romanians who go abroad , generally go to make some money , in order to be able to buy some stuff here , not reside permanently in the countries they go to , because those countries , despite offering higher incomes , also offer much higher prices for pretty much everything . 
   we have to take care of all the unemployable people you send us maybe true , thanks for helping out .
