  not happening today , but are you certain it wo n't happen in the near future . 
  these regions favored remain , do you think they would stay loyal the uk when the real economic troubles hit , not just the pound and markets plummeting , but actual jobs disappearing ? 
  one of the main points of the better together camp was how long it would take and how complicated it would be for scotland to rejoin the eu . 
  with the uk out , this has now become a moot point . 
  another one was that scotland was more powerful inside the uk , but now it seems england and wales have determined its fate . 
   yea , this is n't going to happen . 
  even if france did allow it , the uk will just turn them away , regardless of legality . 
  tensions are way too high and doing this would just cause a mess . 
  britain , not france , is the main beneficiary of juxtaposed controls . 
  any french politician who would manage to get rid of the calais jungle would score serious points , as it is a very ugly spot on france 's image . 
  again , maybe they 'll do it , maybe they wo n't , but i would n't be so sure they wo n't . 
   it seems me you want these things to happen rather than realistically think they will . 
  strike me a a bit of cunt , who wants people to suffer . 
  brexit was a decision of hate . 
  it will make a lot of people suffer , eu immigrants working in britain , britons working in the eu and ultimately britons and europeans in general . 
  people will be facing totally unnecessary restrictions when travelling , they will lose jobs , marriages will sufer , if you think this wo n't have real repercussions on real people you are delusional . 
  and it 's not only about britain , the brexit vote has given renewed confidence to disgusting demagogues like wilders and le pen . 
  not to mention farage who was so enthusiastically talking about nexit , frexit , dexit , swexit , proving that his goal is not just to get britain out of the eu , but to totally dismantle the eu , which i find unacceptable . 
  to me , as to many others , this whole referendum looks like a bunch of twats pissing on something that others have worked on for decades to build . 
  what do you want me to do , thank them for generating yet another problem , as if the eurozone shitshow , the migrant fuckery and merkler were n't enough already ? 
  no , i say fuck that , i hope they drown in their own piss . 
  the conditions have changed . 
  i do n't think scotland and northern ireland will appreciate england taking decisions for them anymore , especially if brexit will have a strong negative impact on the economy ( which it most likely will ) . 
  i 'm sadened by the fact that the british people have voted for populism and demagoguery and this vote affects all of europe . 
  what do you mean ? 
  holding referendums like this ? 
  having a small number of people to vote on an issue that affects hundreds of millions of people is not democratic by any measure , except if those people were elected , but afaik no one elected the dutch people to decide on issues which affect the entire eu . 
  yeah , also farage , praising people who voted for brexit as heroes , pretty much implying the other half of britons are a bunch of cunts is n't gon na help bring the country back together anytime soon . 
   how is it exactly our problem the european decision making system in this regard is flawed ? 
  because the `` eu decision making system '' is agreed upon by individual member states . 
  so instead of making pointless referendums you could instead petition your government to push for more democracy in the eu decision making process , as i 'm sure this would be one point the vast majority of eu citizens could agree on . 
   all referendums turn out is that the `` against '' vote will be stronger and populist rhetoric will reign over the facts . 
  facts are rather boring and dry while shouting and fear mongering are sellers . 
  also , the group that supports the status quo is way harder to motivate to vote than the people who are against something . 
  that 's spot on . 
  most people who vote in this types of referendums interpret it as a protest vote against `` the system '' , `` the establishment '' or however they like to call it . 
  they do n't actually take into account the complex implications . 
  the same happened in britain , look at the brexit politicians , yesterday they were like `` out of the eu now !, 
  '' , today they 're saying `` it might happen in 2018 , it might happen in 2020 '' and other such nonsense . 
  it 's clear they had , and still have no idea what 's gon na happen and how it will work out , if they actually had a plan they would have given a clear deadline for the uk to leave the eu . 
  in the end , i think they will likely negotiate some terms that are very similar to what they have today , but without being official members of the eu and having no representation in the eu parliament and commission . 
  in other words , same content , different wrapping . 
  anything else would result in complete madness . 
  i 'm starting to like this . 
  only a few hours since the official results , scotland is leaving , northern ireland is leaving , spain is taking gibraltar . 
  still waiting for france to announce the death of juxtaposed controls , finally allowing the calais jungle to move to the uk , especially as this will affect england in particular , so they will get to feel how their brexit tastes ( and smells ) like . 
  all pro-eu britons are welcome to apply for asylum in eu countries and watch the shitshow unfold from within the safety of the eu . 
  now , someone bring me that god damn popcorn !, 
  i stated my reasons [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pkvlk/wilders_calls_for_nexit_referendum/d4m0mqk ) . 
  in addition to that , as / u/dont _ know_my_name stated , the turnout was also very low . 
   do the romanians really want to insult the western european nations that finance their ** eurozone membership ** please do some research before making totally ignorant comments . 
   provide them with the opportunity to engage in our wealthier labor markets ? 
  lol , you 're saying that like it 's some sort of charity giveaway . 
  does n't help the dutch economy , not at all . 
  in the same way , the dutch should be thankful for providing them with the opportunity of doing business here and allowing them to take billions of untaxed profits back to the netherlands , which are , in any case , much more money than romanians working in the netherlands send back to romania . 
   does that really seem like a smart idea to you , romanian ? 
  to smugly attack the rich nations based on their nationalities , and disagreement with the eu ? 
  does it ? 
  like how you capitalized the word rich there . 
  you must feel very proud about yourself , i sense a chronic case of unwarranted self-importance . 
  i have my right to my own opinion and i do n't really give a fuck if it 's `` a rich nation '' , could as well be zimbabwe . 
  but the queen could dissolve the parliament and trigger early elections , ca n't she ? 
  it would be even worse for them , because they already faced the humiliation of losing the colonial empire , russia at least was able to keep chechnya . 
  also , if they lose london , it would be the last straw . 
  sure , right now london leaving the uk seems extremely unlikely , but if brexit will be a monumental disaster ( it will be a disaster in any case , the only question is to what extent ) , london will want to preserve its status as a global city and will do everything it takes , even if it means becoming a landlocked city-state . 
   do schengen countries have to have hard borders with non-eu countries ? 
  i 'm not clued up on it enough . 
  they need to have hard borders with all non-schengen countries , eu or not . 
  that 's why ireland never joined schengen , because it would have needed to have a hard border with northern ireland . 
  probably not , but they could close the border . 
  look on the bright side , uk willingly tearing itself to shit will only make europe stronger because the euroskeptics would have a hard time making their case when people will witness the fallout in the uk . 
  the only things that scare me are the implications on nato , with trump gaining popularity across the pond at the same time . 
  farage would be the best candidate imo . 
  not only would both scotland and northern ireland leave the uk , but also london and perhaps some other regions as well . 
  it would create a level of border gore not seen since the middle ages . 
  it was embarassing , mainly for two reasons : 1 . 
  why should a single eu country , which only has like 4 % of the eu population get to decide single-handedly on a trade agreement between the entire eu-ukraine deal ? 
  how would you feel if the netherlands wanted to make a deal with another country , have a referendum , but only the residents of [ insert dutch city here ] would get to vote on it ? 
  would n't it be ridiculously unfair and undemocratic ? 
  second , the question of the referendum was a joke in itself , no one who was voting gave a single shit about ukraine , it would n't have had a significant impact on the netherlands anyway , the entire referendum was about showing the middle finger to the eu . 
  if your government had any guts , the question on the ballot paper would not have been `` are you for or against the approval act of the association agreement between the european union and ukraine ? 
  '' , rather it would have been `` are you for or against the netherlands giving the middle finger to the eu ? '', 
  the dutch want another referendum ? 
  was n't that embarrassing ukraine referendum enough ? 
  it 's the flag of europe , not the eu , dumbass . 
  wilders is one of the most disgusting populists , worse than farage , he does n't want to wait for the fallout or even care about it , he just wants to have it his way . 
   eu leadership is extremely corrupt this can be claimed for the leadership of any country . 
  the uk is no exception , did you forget the panama papers already ? 
  you do n't really see many top politicians leaving middle class lives , in any country . 
  anyway , this can be a debate of its own , but it will take more than a baseless claim to convince me eu politicians are , on average , more corrupt than politicians from individual eu countries , uk included . 
   and only cares what is best for eu as a whole ( and by extension their own positions ) , even if it is at the expense of individual countries . 
  of course they only care about the eu as a whole , it 's their fucking job , just like politicians in westminster care only about the uk as a whole , even at the expense of some regions . 
   uk has no power or influence in the eu . 
  it has lost every single legislative vote it was against since the 80 's , showing that the whole `` we need to stay for the influence '' argument is an absolute joke . 
  in addition , eu leadership forces re-votes until they get the decision they want or straight up ignores referendums by their members ( e.g. 
  ireland ) . 
  britain has only voted against ~ 2 % of eu laws that were passed . 
  the thing is it 's not how eu laws work , they do n't drop from space and individual countries are asked to vote on them . 
  they are negotiated and modified in an attempt to satisfy every member state . 
  of course , unanimity is not always possible , so some things have to be passed with the majority vote .
