  of course , i 'm not claiming we are up to western standards or that there is no poverty , i 'm just saying that , to me , it does n't seem nearly as bad as this article is painting it . 
   in every business or communication class you learn that  90 % of our communication is body language , the rest words , so stuff like this should n't be allowed in the first place . 
  i do n't agree with the burqa , but i do n't agree with your argumentation either . 
  are you telling me someone with completely zero knowledge of business but a master of body language would be able to bullshit a seasoned businessman into a crappy deal ? 
  or that you learn maths by observing your maths teacher 's body language ? 
  body language is indeed important , but statements like `` 90 % of human communication is body language '' is the kind of bullshit you 'd expect to see in self help book written by trump , not in a legit business class ( although , unfortunately , modern business classes seem to focus more on this type of bullshit rather than actually good business advice ) . 
  source : i do business . 
  just ban it already . 
  not only does it go completely against european values , but it is also a security risk . 
  if i would put on a sky mask , i probably could n't walk around for 10 minutes without some cops showing up and asking about my health , but somehow the burqa/niqab is ok . and to the muslims who say `` but police/security can always have a female agent take the burqa woman to a secluded area and have her remove the burqa '' are just completely retarded . 
  it 's not up to his father to revoke their immunity , that 's up to the iraqi government/parliament . 
  anyway , if this happened in the us , i bet their immunity would have been revoked within hours . 
  yeah , that 's especially horrible ... brb , dying my hair black and booking a flight to sweden . 
  oh man , think about all those horrible swedish men raping female turkish tourists . 
  still not a public holiday . 
  it 's not a country . 
  you have been banned from entering romania . 
  what a coincidence , that 's the exact same year i aim to finally become a billionaire . 
  if you knew a little history , you would know that in the late 19th/early 20th century , romanian names in transylvania were magyarized to facilitate assimilation . 
  szanto is simply the equivalent hungarian name of plugaru . 
  the last name of a person does not prove their ethnic origin . 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  in romania , if you order anything above $ 10 from outside the eu you have to pay 20 % vat ( used to be 24 % ) and if it 's above $ 150 you have to pay 20 % vat + 2.5 % customs tax . 
  even digital services such as aws or digital ocean charge 20 % more if your billing addresa is in romania . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdkvoq9znwo ) . 
  there was none , but people assume journalists do these things in good faith and usually no one challenges them . 
  this case is different , it 's not speculation that it might have been faked , there 's more than enough evidence evidence it was . 
  even without the investigation , it should have been obvious it was fake from the guns they presented and the way they handled them ( you can tell just by the way that dude was struggling to get that 10 round mag in the ak , it was pretty clear he had little to no experience with such weapons ) . 
  most americans would easily be able to point that out , but considering many brits have never touched a gun in their lives , they can be easily fooled . 
  oh yeah , because his parents gave him not one , but two romanian names and he created facebook page where he posted exclusively in romanian for years just that he could ultimately discredit romania with the shitty sky news report . 
  you are a fucking genius !, 
  by your logic , eminescu was russian because his birth name was eminovych . 
  what 's there to spin about it ? 
  the evidence is out there already , there are pictures of szanto meeting with ramsay and sky news team with his face completely uncovered in the middle of targu mures , the guns were all found and proven to be legally owned hunting rifles or collection guns ( in the case of the ak ) and the `` traffickers '' were caught , confessed to everything and proven to be anything but arms dealers . 
  aurelian and mihai are romanian names , also on his fb page he only posts in romanian . 
  levente pantics ' facebook posts and comments are both in romanian and hungarian but mostly in romanian . 
  for csaba pantics i could n't see any posts or comments , just a couple of photos . 
  szanto , at least , [ does n't seem very hungarian to me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/invt3xk.jpg ), 
  it will be hard to spin this . 
  he was basically caught red handed . 
  there 's even a picture from a surveillance camera with him and one of the `` arms dealers '' completely unhooded . 
  he claimed it was the sky news team , but you can clearly see he has the exact same pants as the guy with the mask , jacket and cap . 
  it does n't matter , maybe britain wo n't extradite him , but the nature of his job requires him to travel , so as soon as he 'll be in any other eu country they 'll send his ass here . 
  remember how sweden protected bivolaru for many years , but he was caught in france and despite the swedish authorities trying to stop the french from extraditing him , they still did . 
  anyway , the brits are in a weak diplomatic position now , as they want to make sure the brexit negotiations go as smoothly as possible and it would be very dumb of them to get in a diplomatic conflict with any eu country as it can end up being a real pain in the ass . 
   a final fact about vayno is that the letters of his last name can spell voyna , the russian word for war . 
  is this the message that putin is sending ? 
  will there be war ? 
  articles and blog posts have asked . 
  so jet fuel can not into melt steel beams ? 
  it reminds me of a conversation i overheard on the london underground , on a saturday - one romanian guy was bragging to another one how he got a job paying # 100 per day working 12 hrs , while the other was feeling bad about his job paying only # 70 . 
  at some point , the bragging guy 's boss calls him and the conversation went on like this ( from the romanian guy 's side , i obviously could n't hear what his boss was saying ) : `` hello boss ! '', 
  `` yes ! '', 
  `` yes boss . '', 
  `` what ?! '', 
  `` aah , yes ! '', 
  `` tomorrow ?! '', 
  `` yes boss , no problem ! '', 
  `` aaah , ok . '' `` i 'll be there boss , no problem . '', 
  point in case , as long as there will be eastern europeans willing to work like horses for ~ # 8/hr , there will be freedom of movement one way or another , because the employers like it . 
  this map is bullshit . 
  notice how no two countries have the same brand . 
  also , adidas not the most popular brand in russia ?!, 
  i mean come on ... 
  i ca n't decide between london and paris . 
  rome is n't that bad . 
   some countries like the uk offer pensions like this already , but of course you still need to contribute to the shitty state pension also . 
  the us is no different , even if you have a 401 ( k ) you still have to pay into oasdi ( better known as social security ) , which is freakin ' huge , like almost 40 % of the entire us federal budget . 
  this is bound to happen in every country , sooner or later . 
  the pension system is simply unsustainable in its current form , but unfortunately it 's like a nuclear reactor , once you start it , you ca n't simply press a button and stop it . 
  the situation will probably be especially dire when us , millenials , will reach retirement age . 
  and we thought our infamous 2014 gang rape involving 7 vasluians was bad enough . 
   however , the eu has a population of over 700million . 
  um , actually the population of the eu is only around 500 million . 
  what a shitty situation to be in . 
   that would want to go join the german army for better pay and better training experience with more ** modern equipment ** . 
  modern equipment ? 
  you mean , like [ broomsticks ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/02/19/germanys-army-is-so-under-equipped-that-it-used-broomsticks-instead-of-machine-guns/ ) ? 
  join the bundeswehr , we have enough broomsticks for everyone !, 
  this is europe . 
  they can take `` baby steps '' in their own primitive shit hole excuses for countries . 
  if they come to europe , they should either adapt or fuck right off . 
  do n't be silly , language has nothing to do with it . 
  - germany is primarily export oriented , the fuck up with with the southern european countries , the growth slowdon in china + the chinese economy becoming more consumption oriented ( most german exports to china are heavy machinery and stuff that you would use in factory , not consumer goods ) as well as sanctions on russia and the russian economy going to shit ( russians ca n't afford those sweet audis and mercs any more ) ; - a lot more older people in germany than us/uk ; - the fuck up with greece , in particular ; - us/uk borrow more than germany . 
  sky news aired [ this report ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjueubcmwn4 ) on sunday . 
  couple of days later , police arrested both the `` traffickers '' , as well as the `` fixer '' and turned out the entire thing was fake : - the `` fixer '' , aurelian-mihai szanto was a romanian working in london who was contacted by ramsay and offered 2000 euros to help him make a documentary about weapons trafficking . 
  szanto was told the scene would be shown as a reconstruction and it would be mentioned that the traffickers shown in the footage were fictitious ( which obviously did n't happen ) . 
  ramsay also scripted the entire thing , including their lines . 
  - szanto contacted two friends , licensed hunters , attila and levente pantics , the `` traffickers '' , who used their legally owned hunting rifles for the footage . 
  ramsay also wanted a military type weapon to be shown , so attila pantics borrowed a um sadu made ak replica , again , legally owned under a collector 's license . 
  - the meeting took place in central romania , not western romania , as it was claimed , nowhere near the border with ukraine . 
  - the `` traffickers '' were specifically told by ramsay to speak in romanian , despite their native language being hungarian . 
  ok , some important background information is required : up until the second world war , agriculture in romania was the dominant economic sector , but was also incredibly primitive . 
  like , it was done the same way as 1000 years ago . 
  then the commies came and created collective farms , which were several orders of magnitude more efficient and technologically advanced , they were n't very popular with the farmers , because the commies would come and take away most of their production , especially in the 80s , when ceausescu was hellbent on paying off romania 's external debt . 
  then , the 90s came around , and while a handful of collective farms survived and went on to become successful business enterprises , most were abolished and the farmers went back to their primitive ways , while irrigation systems and modern farming equipment were left to decay or were looted . 
  the romanian peasant , not particularly well educated or intelligent , has been very resistant to any sort of change ever since . 
  the romanian government , as well as several foreign ngos have tried to convince them to change their ways , but with very limited success . 
  today , the picture looks pretty dramatic , with agriculture only at around 4 % of gdp , but using something like 30 % of the entire workforce . 
  by comparison , the it&c sector is at almost 8 % of gdp with only 2 % of the workforce .
