  i do n't think that 's true , or at least i like to think we have evolved pass that . 
  no matter how you take it , the vast majority of people living on earth today have never killed another human being . 
  i do n't think it 's only due to fear of authority . 
  why do so many people who take part in wars come back with mental disorders such as ptsd and other shit ? 
  even murderers ( the normal ones , not the psychopaths ) more often than not have a heavy conscience after killing someone . 
  yes , we are indeed tribal beings , and more often than not we are willing to do anything for our `` tribe '' ( be it a country , a religion or some other group we identify with ) , including murder , but our natural desire is to be at peace with other people . 
  i do n't think there are very many people in europe or anywhere else who fancy the idea of rpgs over their heads . 
  i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of people who voted for the nazis , did n't really believe they would become , you know ... the nazis . 
  it 's not like they advertised the gas chambers during their election campaign . 
  anyway , the nazis and commies are just the most famous examples , but there are others . 
  take yugoslavia , as a more recent example , it was by far the most successful country in the commie block , yet it blew up in a particularly ugly way , specifically due to nationalism . 
  people who had been friends or neighbors suddenly became enemies who wanted to kill each other in the most gruesome of ways simply because of the kind of bullshit people like le pen or others are pushing today . 
  it really baffles my mind how non-retarded people can support such ideas . 
  so yeah , i would consider it pretty naive to believe that something as gay marriage could n't simply be reversed , and frankly that would be one of the more harmless things these crazies would do if they were indeed voted into power . 
  the fact that a majority of the population in countries where gay marriage is legal support it being legal means absolutely nothing , because that support was created through manipulation and it can be taken away with manipulation . 
  people are incredibly easy to manipulate once you have the know how and the needed resources . 
  manipulating people to support or oppose an idea is , at the fundamental level , not much different than selling them coca-cola or iphones . 
  you 're really funny mate , just pick a history book . 
  massive changes and twists that result in loss of rights and life are pretty common throughout history , in europe especially . 
  well , when i said `` rich '' , i was referring to west germany , obviously . 
  east germany was basically a russian colony until 1989 . 
  the actual interview is in english . 
   also , if you are referring to us dollars , the amount of dollars from back then is almost double in today 's money i was talking in today 's money :  introductory price # 49.95 kit , # 69.95 assembled [ 2 ] ( # 173 -- # 242 ; $ 264 -- $ 370 at 2017 prices )  a lot more countries had this problem with lower wages back then . 
  even today , the bulk of the sales still come from developed countries , like the us , uk or germany who were also rich back then as well . 
  the commodore 64 was much more expensive yet it sold 10 times more units . 
  also , based on the wikipedia article , the sinclair would cost around $ 370 in today 's money , which means it did n't cost more than a modern smartphone would . 
  the iphone , which costs anywhere from $ 600 to $ 1000 , sells more than 10 million units in the opening weekend . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that since technology was rather primitive in those days , people did n't have much use for computers back then . 
  today , if you do n't have a smartphone you pretty much do n't exist . 
  you can watch the interview , it 's in english . 
  you can watch the interview , it 's in english . 
   it was hugely successful , and more than 1.5 million units were sold before it was discontinued . 
  today , any device that only sells 1.5 million units would probably be considered a failure . 
   the remainder is a very barren place 6 % of 1.4 billion people is still more than the entire population of germany , i would n't exactly call it barren . 
  hungarians call it n\u00e9metorsz\u00e1g , how about that ? 
  not lying , that would be a gross understatement . 
  there 's a difference between someone who just lies ( ** all ** politicians do that ) and someone who 's full of shit , like for example donald trump and much of his team , alex jones , breibart , fox news etc. 
  sounds really romantic , except it 's nothing like that . 
  being forced to follow every order given to you by some retarded psychopaths has nothing to do with `` building character '' or `` strong moral fiber '' . 
   if you suspect a person will overstay the visa or wo n't be able to be tracked properly , then that is a security risk , albeit on a different scale than the risk of someone you suspect of being a terrorist . 
  and that suspicion is purely arbitrary . 
  there are people who have been granted us visas , went there , did n't overstay , did n't break any law , yet still got rejected the second time they applied . 
  i can tell you from first hand experience that those rejection rates are pure bullshit . 
  when i went to the embassy to apply for a us visa , there were 4 embassy employees doing the interviews , 3 of them would grant visas to most of the people they interviewed , while the 4th one would reject like 90 % of the people he interviewed . 
  there were at least 50 people interviewed before , it was quite easy to get the pattern . 
  do you think it 's a simple coincidence all the `` security risk '' people got to be interviewed by the same person ? 
  the chances for that are very low , more plausible explantations are that either he was an asshole or that his bosses told him to act like one . 
  either way , the us embassy does n't have that many employees doing interviews , so just one asshole is more than enough to keep the rejection rate above 15 % . 
  lol , `` security '' , it 's funny , because all of those countries are much safer than the us itself . 
  well , yeah , that 's why you have no idea ... 
   you want to travel ? 
  you apply for a visa . 
  if you are n't some kind of risk , you get the visa . 
  far easier than getting a driver 's license . 
  you clearly have no idea how it 's like to get a visa , especially a us visa . 
  it could have been the cheap `` croco '' ones though . 
  those rather suck . 
  on a second thought , it most likely was the cheap croco ones , because those are always used for protocol , regardless of wheter it 's some public school in a crappy vilage , or the parliament . 
   what the hell were our european politicians thinking when they accepted that `` privacy shield '' bullshit ? 
  it 's called lobbying . 
  if you think politicians care more about individual rights than the interests of the private entities who fund their campaigns you are seriously deluded . 
   i am of the opinion that if you maliciously circumvent a law in order to break it , then you are as guilty of breaking the law as if you did not circumvent it . 
  that 's a very dangerous road to go on . 
  who gets to decide what is `` malicious circumvention of a law '' ? 
  modern laws are bad enough already , written in complex and confusing language that even top legal experts sometimes have difficulty interpreting . 
  having some group of people decide whether something is or not `` malicious circumvention of a law '' would make matters much worse , not better . 
  why ? 
  adrian dohotaru , a deputy from the save romania union , ate snacks from a bag that was thrown in a trash can at the parliament , claiming that through small personal examples , waste can be reduced . 
  in a post on the sru cluj website , adrian dohotaru says he decided to stop buying pet bottles and to stop using the plastic kitchenware at the parliament and bring his own kitchenware instead . 
   when i left the chamber , i was intrigued by the large amount of pet bottles thrown in the trash . 
  i decided to stop buying pet bottles and bring my own bottle instead . 
  i stopped buying bottled water a long time ago and i consider it a rape on logic to buy water in such a way . 
  then , i decided to stop using the plastic kitchenware that is offered at the parliament and bring my own instead . 
  in the trash can , there was also a half full bag of snacks . 
  i took it out of the trash can and ate the snacks . 
  ( ... ) i believe that through small , personal examples we can reduce waste . 
  even though the solutions to the waste problems have to be systemic , not strictly individual . 
  but the parliament can become a better place , as a symbol , to send messages in a simple , decent way , not only through the conflict between power and opposition . 
  the deputy also claims to have remembered the garbage dump of the city of cluj-napoca , where 50 % of waste is organic and could be used , through composting , as fertilizer for farms , community and family gardens . 
  there are americans and brits who can speak hungarian ? 
  til . 
  i was in austria when this shit became popular . 
  i thought the song was gay as fuck anyway , but even more so when austrians would try to sing it in gibberish they thought sounded like romanian . 
  because a man who has reached 30 and has neither money , nor game , is a failure . 
  a 20 y.o. 
  woman , unless she is fat or fugly , generally has lots of options . 
  sure about what ? 
  well , it 's about basic instincts , a man can theoretically impregnate several women in a short time , while a woman can be impregnated by only one man at a time , so they tend to be more selective . 
  no , it reverses when the women you approach are closer or past their 30s . 
  if you 're 30 it does n't mean 20 y.o. 
  will be more attracted to you , unless you have a lot of money or game . 
  when you spend some time in the army , your body gets used to a certain way of eating and exercising , which keeps you in great shape . 
  the problem is that when you 're no longer in the army , you 'll most likely maintain the same way of eating , but not the same way of exercising , and that leads to being overweight or obese -  higher mortality . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in romania , iirc , there were more males in every bracket except 60 +, 
  hey , i like black olives on my pizza . 
  what an embarrassment for the country this guy . 
  he was an engineer in caracal ( also known as the capital of stupidity ) , he studied law when he was like 40 , never practiced law , the got a ph.d. in economics , but funny that his resume only mentions the ph.d. , not the university where he got it . 
  well , luckily , journalists have done their digging and found out he got his ph.d. from a moldovan university in b\u0103l\u021bi ( for anyone wandering , a ph.d. obtained in moldova is n't worth the paper it 's written on and yes , it was also found to be plagiarized ) . 
  someone with such a shady academic history as this guy should n't even be allowed inside the government building , let alone be appointed justice minister , but of course , it happens , because romania is special , and the social democratic party is even more special . 
  fuck them , looking forward to the day when all these sdp crooks end up in jail .
