  it is not possible to compare such historical events with a future unification of romania and moldova . 
  just to take one of your examples , the man on the moon - it was a space race between the us and ussr . 
  the us was far more economically powerful than the ussr and the only reason they ever sent a man to the moon was to fuck with the soviets . 
  the soviets were desperate to keep up with the americans and this was one the major reason why their economy collapsed . 
  it 's like you have a rich neighbor and you want to appear as rich as him , so one day he buys a ferrari , you do the same and find yourself completely bankrupt . 
  the collapse of the ussr brought a lot more money and power to the us than it ever spent on its space program , same as the outcome of wwii brought them huge returns which overshadowed both its economic and human loses . 
  to compare all of this to the romania/moldova unification is ridiculous . 
  i do n't want to be mean or anything , but i do n't see any potential value in it . 
  moldova has no infrastructure , no industry , no human capital ( most young people with any sort of potential have either left the country or are planning to do so ) , no natural resources , no strategic value . 
  it does n't even have any tourism potential , it is one of the least visited countries on earth , and not by accident , it really does n't have anything - no spectacular natural sites , no cities or sites of high historic value , no interesting cultural peculiarities - it is fundamentaly an ugly country , and no amount of marketing will ever change that . 
  on the flip side , it has corrupt politicians , human , organ and arms traffickers , oligarchs , putin fans and , of course , transnistria . 
  no democratic leadership could ever solve all these problems , you 'd basically need a hardcore fuhrer-like figure to deal with it . 
  so it is n't even the fact that it would add no value to romania , it would actually add negative value . 
  that 's natural - uk has been benefiting from a lot of brain gain for the past few decades , obviously 52 % of the voters did n't like it , since they voted for brexit . 
   mmm , as far as i know , people working in such factories ( especially for the `` western '' companies ( in this case korea hehehe ) ) , have one of the best salaries . 
  i live in a city where are tons of such companies ( flextronics . 
  continental , hella , draxlmaier etc. 
  ) , i worked with them , i know people who work there , both on the business , as well as the technical side . 
  yes , people who work on the business side ( bosses , buyers , accountants etc. ), 
  get very good salaries , as well as engineers , but the assembly line workers rarely get more than $ 300 + some food stamps . 
  assembly line workers are easy to find , since they do n't require any qualifications and are easy to source from nearby villages . 
  they do n't get better wages than in romanian factories , but they prefer western factories because they usually get certain perks , such as better canteen food , more modern equipment that is easier to work with , as well as better safety standards . 
   most would sacrifice single market membership to gain full control of immigration , ruling out eea/efta type deal . 
  well , if britain leaves the single market , eu immigration would no longer be a problem , because the economy would turn to shit so no one would want to go there anymore . 
  i can guarantee that the vast majority of eu citizens have n't even heard of ceta so it is very inaccurate to say this represents the `` wishes of a few hundred other million people '' . 
  that 's what i noticed too , they are basically fanatics with a cult-like organization . 
  they do n't understand the political , economic and social implications of a union ( it would be a disaster from all points of view , especially as neither romania and certainly not moldova have a political class capable to deal with something on this scale ) . 
  they claim german reunification as a model , but that 's simply not possible , germany had international support , huge economic power and competent politicians ( it was n't the merkel era ) . 
  yet , despite all of this , east germany is still far behind the west . 
  romania simply does n't have the money , the politicians or international support to pull this off . 
  and their monthly wage is probably not even enough to buy even one of those tvs . 
  working on an assembly line is one of the worst and most boring jobs i could ever think of . 
  i 'd rather work in construction , at least it 's not that repetitive and you get way more money . 
  it will get stamped in germany , but not in france . 
  at least you ca n't blame it on us . 
  [ meanwhile here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ghlnpiy.jpg ) , after the upload speed increases took effect . 
  they can swim tho ', 
  if this means less gypsies in romania then i 'm all for it . 
  depends on how much money you make . 
  if you make lots of money , there is n't too much of a difference between living in romania and any developed country . 
  also , most other things , like rent , insurance , utilities etc. 
  cost far less than in western countries . 
  for example , i have a car with a similar engine as my cousin in-law who lives in austria and i pay as much insurance per year as he pays per month . 
  who needs money when you can sit in ur mom 's basement all day and enjoy gigabit speeds ... / s, 
   upload : : 144 kbps 18 kb/s that 's brutal . 
  we never had data caps for wired internet , even in the dial-up area , you would pay for each hour of use but there were no caps . 
  for 3g/4g it 's a different story though , while you are not technically `` capped '' , most providers will limit your speed to something unusable like 256kbps after a few gigs . 
  rds is still the best here , they only limit you after 30 gigs i think , but their mobile coverage is almost non-existant outside urban areas . 
  1 ms , do you live right next to the data center ? 
  well , if you are a hardcore gamer you do n't buy car ( or buy a cheap one ) and invest in a gaming rig instead . 
  if you really want something ( within reason ofc , not a lambo ) you will find ways to afford it , even in romania . 
  you do n't need a $ 1000 pc , any pc with a decent quad core cpu , ssd and at least 4-8 gigs of ram should do . 
  all modern network cards and routers support gigabit over ethernet . 
  average wage ** if ** they can find a job . 
  in romania , they already started upgrading their infrastructure last year to support 10 gbps , but they are n't offering such speeds yet because there 's no demand . 
   because some old asshole peasant blocks the upgrade possiblity for the whole neighbourhood what do you mean ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  we did n't `` go straight to fiber '' , we had dial-up , isdn , adsl and all that shit too . 
  i had 512kbps in romania for $ 20 per month ... cca . 
  how do you even stream hd movies with that shit ? 
  the implementation was pretty strict , there are heavy fines and they can even close down the entire place for repeated violations . 
  in rural areas , i 'm not 100 % certain it 's that strict , but at least in places which are close to high traffic roads , it is indeed implemented . 
  i think even in other areas it is though , because even if most people want to smoke indoors or do n't care if others do , one pissed off customer is enough to report you . 
   cluj has banned smoking indoors ( maybe all romania ) indoors smoking is illegal across all of romania . 
  even in rural areas you ca n't smoke inside ( except your own home ofc ) . 
  on filelist , which is a private romanian tracker , you have lots of seeds for the huge high quality rips . 
  i do n't go for the really huge ones though , as i do n't want to abuse my ssd , but i still go for the 5-8 gigs ones which have very good hd quality . 
  lots of competition and lack of regulation . 
  well , that 's the tricky part . 
  you need a pretty good computer with a powerful processor and ssd connected to a pretty good router via ethernet to get anywhere near gigabit speeds . 
  even then , you will probably only notice the difference when downloading torrents from filelist.ro , as most servers are n't fast enough . 
  i have the 300 mbps subscription and most servers ca n't keep up with even this one , not even youtube . 
  only problem is that in romania , probably half of the churches we currently have were built after 1990 . 
   or you people leave instead , you 're the new guys , we 're the founders . 
  rock solid reasoning right there . 
  your country agreed too that romania and bulgaria join , it was a one time deal , you ca n't kick us out . 
   the eastern expansion was a historic mistake of the eu . 
  tell that to the multinationals . 
  then leave the eu . 
  then keep your rules and no ceta . 
  simple as that . 
  previous governments have consistently sucked the dick of western leaders without getting anything in return . 
  sorry guys , we need to get our dicks sucked once in a while too . 
  sorry guys , but if you truly want this deal , there 's no option other than trudeau getting on his knees doing it . 
   what if we start mixing in rats and insects ? 
  rats and insects are not domestic animals and usually carry diseases . 
  horses are domestic animals and the meat in question was actually meant for human consumption , the thing was that it was mislabeled in order to be sold as more expensive meat . 
  it 's basically like you 're ordering turkey and receive chicken instead . 
  sure , you have the right to be pissed that it was n't what you ordered and paid for , but it was still food . 
   they still have polish and lithuanian and romanian food in circulation though , don\u00e8t they ? 
  and the problem being ? 
  romania , lithuania and poland conform to the same standards as france or germany , it 's food , not poison . 
   i mean , we didn\u00e8t have people eating horse thinking it was beef ... that 's an interesting story , because the villains in this case was actually a dutch company who knowingly purchased horse meat from romania and then mixed it and sold it as beef . 
  of course romania took the mediatic hit in the end , because it 's a popular and easy scapegoat . 
  anyway , the horse meat did n't pose any health risks , it was just some people being pissed that they 've unknowingly eaten horse thinking it was beef . 
  horse meat can actually be found in supermarkets and it tastes fine , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with it . 
  a union is simply unfeasible . 
  moldova is simply too poor . 
  romania would have to raise all the pensions , wages of public sector employees , unemployment and welfare benefits to romanian levels for all moldovans . 
  there is no money to cover all of this .
