  that 's why she loves refugees so much , they 're like her children !, 
  no shit , sherlock !, 
  of course romania was n't ready , i doubt we would be ready even now , as the skeletons in our politicians ' closets are only now beginning to surface , and that 's only romania , in bulgaria they are still hidden . 
  yup , fits the ukip bunch like a glove . 
  of course it is . 
  tell this phrase to any romanian and he will surely understand what you are talking about :  futere , non futere , labam necessarium est, 
  judging by the quality of most websites today , i 'd say all you need to know is how to use a text editor , copy and paste a bunch of jquery plugins that will crash any mobile device older than 2014 and write a bunch of shitty javascript code which will be a complete nightmare for anyone who comes after you to edit or even for yourself , if you have to change it a couple of months down the line . 
  it does n't take months to learn that , at most a couple of weeks ... 
  because the fare is only 1.39 lei/km in bucharest , compared to 2.19 in timisoara . 
  your average logan burns around 0.40 lei worth of fuel per km , and add to that the fact the cost of the taxi going to the customer and then back to the taxi parking is not charged ( a taxi obviously is n't going to stay in a residential area after dropping off a customer ) . 
  dispatchers are n't free either , they charge quite a hefty sum as well ( between 100 and 200 lei per day ) . 
  then add to that the cost of car maintenance , repairs , insurance ( which is much more expensive for taxi drivers ) , taxes , and i doubt they 're left with a lot of money at the end of the day . 
  it 's right there with rahova , but i think it 's still poorer than rahova . 
  that picture does n't say the whole story , it 's taken from the perfect angle , there are abandoned buildings and crap around it . 
  also , ferentari is a pretty big neighborhood , it 's the size of a medium city , there are areas within it that look much worse than even the 2009 pic . 
  some swedish reporters went on that street last year , it 's still the same , a shit hole full of drug addicts and petty criminals , i doubt it 's going to change anytime soon . 
   also clearly you know nothing about the eu . 
  eastern european countries receive billions from the west , so countries like luxembourg , and contribute nothing . 
  looks like you 're the one who knows nothing about the eu . 
  we do n't have as many words and phrases to describe urinating , but we have a whole bunch to describe sexual activities . 
  a urina a se pi\u0219a a face pi\u0219u a face pipi most common is a se pi\u0219a . 
  obviously not something you would use around people other than your close friends , girlfriend/boyfriend and people you have no respect for . 
  a face pipi and a face pi\u0219u , is mostly for children . 
  a urina is the medical term . 
  that 's bullshit , i do n't see how anyone can make 1000 euros driving taxis in bucharest , except for the scammers . 
  in timisoara or cluj , maybe , but that 's debatable . 
   right up there with stuff like otv . 
  otv was the king , they basically brought shitposting to the tv before there even was the term shitposting . 
  although there is a bit of otv in every romanian channel today , none can really claim the title . 
   good news , it shows russia is fighting corruption . 
  or , more like , is fighting the corrupt people who do n't pay their share to the boss . 
  well , it 's obviously not a very solid system , because if it was , then more countries/cities would adopt it . 
  the no hot water in summer is also not an exclusively romanian problem , it seems widespread it all former commie countries . 
  well , if you have the money ( around 5000 lei ) it only takes a day to buy and install it , at least in timisoara , i do n't know about bucharest . 
  wow , is this even legal under eu law ? 
  that 's not a big deal , in some smaller cities that service has been dead for long . 
  using your own heating is simply a lot more convenient . 
   i was hoping for a hot romanian teacher [ here you go . 
  fuck facebook , i hope it dies as quick as it popped up . 
  it 's the same stupid , mcdonald 's like , one size fits all concept . 
  it 's also the most invasive thing ever , you have no privacy or control over your own content whatsoever . 
  they even have a filter for private messages , both for links and photos so you ca n't send porn ( for pics it 's not that effective , but if you try sending 10 porn pics from google in a private messages , 2-3 are guaranteed to be blocked ) . 
  also , the more you use it , the more invasive it gets , i do n't think there 's anything you do on facebook that is n't thoroughly monitored and analyzed and it is much worse if you use their mobile apps . 
  it 's the same old buildings , they just painted them . 
  no , it 's idiotic . 
  right after 1990 people went to austria and germany to buy individual heating units . 
  by today , everyone who could afford to give the middle finger to the city heating companies already did it . 
  in smaller cities , those companies disappeared altogether . 
  basically everything sucked about them , like the fact that you had no hot water in summer ( as they constantly need to do maintenance for almost 3 months every year - go figure ) , and no control over the temperature - it was either freezing or hot as a sauna . 
  it was just survival , not comfort . 
  ferentari is a big neighborhood and those are only a couple of apartment blocks . 
  most of it still looks like shit , op is milking the picture for karma . 
  in fact , those buildings are on the edge of ferentari , in most of the neighborhood , the latest pics are from 2011 , probably the street view driver did n't feel like going there again in 2014 . 
  the picture does n't say the whole story : [ abandoned building with boarded windows right next to the playground ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g0chvex.jpg ) [ abandoned lot right across the street ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rlsup9d.jpg ) [ knocked down trash can and street sign 50 meters away ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rcna2w1.jpg ) [ about 100 meters away ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pn5ltng.jpg ) these are all from 2014 ... 
  poland does n't have as many gypsies though . 
  what the hell is wrong with austria , it 's like they never held an election before . 
  looks like btitain really wants to be part of the global islamic caliphate . 
  i do n't think anyone is taking austria serious these days . 
  yeah , except russia does n't just go near other countries ' airspace , it violates it . 
  if someone just stands in front of your door , you might feel uneasy , but if they jump the fence and enter your front yard , you will definitely feel threatened . 
   some other unelected buerocrat ? 
  jesus , i 'm fucking tired of this phrase which probably originated in between nigel farage 's ass cheeks . 
  many heads of state and pretty much every head of government in europe is not directly elected . 
  did anyone elect the queen or theresa may ? 
  we did n't start with super speeds either , for example in my case : - the first time i had internet at home was back in ' 99 , dial-up 56k . 
  you had to pay for each hour of use , took a couple of mins to load a 100kb picture and you could n't browse for more than half an hour without getting disconnected . 
  - in 2001 i got a different dial-up connection that was pretty much the same but did n't charge you by the hour , so you could browse as much as you wanted ( or until your parents started screaming at you because you were keeping their phone line busy ) . 
  - in 2003 , romtelecom had an offer for adsl 512kb/s , i think the price was around 40 euros per month , but they had a special offer that if you signed the contract you would only have to pay 20 euros for the first year ( in the end they still charged me only 20 euros per month in the second year as well ) . 
  in 2005 they doubled my speed to 1 mb/s . 
  - in 2006 i switched to rds , $ 20 per month for phone , tv and 4 mb/s internet . 
  i 'm still with rds , i pay roughly the same amount , but my speed increased several times , now i have 300 mb/s . 
  if i would pay 3 euros more , i could get 1 gb/s , but it would be useless since i do n't use ethernet anymore and my wireless router only supports up to 300 mb/s . 
  yeah , very nice and all , but bulgaria beat us 17 years to it , which is pretty embarrassing . 
  why the fuck do n't they have ac on the metro ? 
  well , there 's no other place where you can be in some remote village that looks like the 1800s , but when you pull up your smartphone you have 5 bars and 4g connectivity . 
  also , nothing like browsing the internet from your grandma 's outhouse . 
  well , we have much faster internet and better mobile coverage , which i never understood , since britain is roughly the same size as romania but is much more densely populated , not to mention richer . 
  telegraph poles in 2016 ? 
  so that 's the reason internet is so shitty in britain , now it all makes sense !, 
   but it had taken steps toward becoming a measurable economy with currency being freely convertible since 1989 for example if you are talking about romania , i never heard about this , source ? 
  dollars were always freely convertible into lei , because the commie regime always needed hard currency , but lei were never freely convertible into dollars , you had strict limits on how many dollars you could buy and prices on the black market were much higher than the official exchange rate . 
  also , if you were found having more foreign currency than the state allowed you to , you would be in very deep shit and afaik this was true until ceausescu was executed . 
  anyway , my point is that by the time the transition was over ( in countries like poland it was over by the early 1990s , in romania it took until the late 1990s ) the economies were completely different than what they had been in the commie times . 
  commie economies simply ca n't be compared with capitalist economies because they are based on completely different principles . 
  just to give an example - in a capitalist economy , if you have 100 kg of apples and 20 people each wanting to buy 10 kg , you simply raise the price and those willing to pay enough can still get their 10 kg , others will only buy less than 10 kg and others will buy none . 
  this would mean more money spent on consumption , thus higher gdp . 
  in a commie economy , the price would stay the same , but you would limit the amount of apples people can buy to 5 kg , so each of the 20 people would get their apples , but gdp stays the same . 
  does this mean the people in the capitalist country are much better off ? 
  well , the wealthy ones are , but the poorer ones are n't . 
  it 's obviously an over simplified example , but at the basic level this is how commie and capitalist economies work . 
  also , consumption in general was highly discouraged in commie countries , for example a commie product was designed to be as cheap , long lasting and easily repairable as possible , while capitalist products are designed to be appealing , hard to repair ( so they can make more money off parts ) and to become obsolete ( either to break down completely , like printers , or to go out of fashion , like phones or cars ) after some time so that people spend money to buy a newer product . 
  because then they 're going to fine you for not following the rules . 
  it 's a situation in which you lose either way . 
  yeah , except it was n't . 
  i do n't know how it was in your soviet union with perestroika and glasnost , but in romania , 1990 , at least from an economic point of view , was almost as communist as any other year . 
  the law that allowed you to establish a private company only came into force at the end of the year , and romania only became an official market economy with the 1991 constitution . 
  even so , throughout the 1990s , it was more of a transition economy rather than a true free market one , as some things were liberalized while others ( like electricity and gas prices ) were still kept artificially low for a few more years . 
  anyway , the transition was extremely chaotic and most of the economy was in shatters by 1999 , as the `` smart boys '' were stealing like there was no tomorrow and tax avoidance was ripe , especially in the first few years . 
  it uses constant 1990 dollars . 
  it does n't make any sense to use gdp to measure development in communist countries .
