  what ? 
  i do n't understand , it encourages people to fuck , the phrase `` make love not war '' sounds more like an anti-hooliganism slogan than an aids prevention slogan . 
  the text where it says `` protect yourself '' needs a magnifying glass to be read . 
  also , have the french considered that probably 80-90 % of people who are currently in france for euro 2016 do n't even speak french ? 
  they 'll be like , `` oh look boobz , lol ! '', 
  and have no idea what the message is . 
  i always get the impression that french constantly overestimate the number of french speaking people in the world , like they 're stuck in the early 20th century . 
   the uk government has only voted no to 2 % of eu laws since 1999 voted no to 2 % of laws that actually got passed . 
  the way the eu works is that the drafts are negotiated several times until everyone ( or at least the vast majority of countries ) agree with it . 
  so in many cases , britain might have been against the initial draft , but the draft was changed until the brits agreed . 
  so it 's not like the british agreed with laws that were thrown to them from space , they actively participated in making those laws . 
  you can always have billboards at the border saying '' \u0412\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435 !, 
  in case russia occupies your country , it is sufficient to know just these phrases to efficiently communicate with the invaders : - \u0414\u0430\u0439 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u0432\u043e\u0434\u043a\u0438 !, 
  of course , you can always add the word \u0431\u043b\u044f\u0442\u044c at the end of every sentence to add more emphasis . 
  then if she assumes the jungle in calais will move to britain , why does she want to leave ? 
  fact is , in the current form , if an illegal immigrant enters the eu through greece and then goes to britain , when british authorities catch them , they are able to deport them back to greece , because the greek authorities have already fingerprinted them and they are easily found in the database . 
  if britain is no longer part of the eu , they will not be able to deport the migrants back to the first eu country they entered and they wo n't be able to deport them anywhere , if they burn their documents . 
  it 's pretty simple actually , in the current form , britain has control of its borders , but it also has some legal options to get rid of some of the people who get in illegally . 
  if it were to leave , it would have the same control over its borders , but all those extra options would be gone . 
  people being smuggled across borders has nothing to do with the eu . 
  if you think about it , leaving the eu might actually make it even worse for britain in this regard , because france might decide to drop juxtaposed controls because they do n't benefit a lot from them anyway . 
  dropping juxtaposed controls would mean everyone from the jungle in calais would get a free ticket to britain . 
   again , the guy i replied to says he 's poor . 
  you think he benefits from millions of people entering the uk from my country and yours to work all the working class jobs ? 
  the migration issue is not as black and white as some people like to put it . 
  i do n't know what people imagine , that if all migrants were gone , there would suddenly be a ton of jobs just waiting to be filled by natives ? 
  first of all , in pretty much every western country , especially the uk , natives always have priority to jobs over migrants . 
  in most cases , a migrant has to work twice as hard as a brit to be considered half as worthy . 
  a university degree from any eastern eu country is seen as a high school degree from the uk . 
  diplomas from non-eu countries , like ukraine , are n't even taken into consideration . 
  secondly , i hear a lot about `` stealing jobs '' , as if all the money generated by a polish or romanian worker magically disappears from the british economy and reappears in poland or romania . 
  migrants consume and pay taxes just like everyone else . 
  if all the migrants would go away , the jobs they supposedly stole would n't be made available to working class natives , they would simply disappear because the entire economy would shrink . 
  the reason why there are so many poor brits is not immigration , but rather shitty labour laws , made by britain , not the eu , which encourage people to stay on benefits rather than work low paying jobs , because the difference between working a low paying job and staying on benefits is very small , to the point that it does n't justify working 40 hours a week just to earn a couple hundred extra pounds than you would get just staying on benefits . 
  oh , yeah , because someone like boris , who describes # 250.000 as `` chicken feed '' would surely give a fuck about the interests of the poor . 
  the obscene stupidity of leave supporters never ceases to amaze me . 
  i 'm not scared about this . 
  even if they do it , it will just be a massive embarrassment and they will drop it overnight like nothing ever happened . 
  i want to know what were some projections from 1970s for today . 
  i doubt it 's possible to predict population changes over such a long period of time . 
  why did i read this as full brexit porn ? 
  the status quo is always harder to defend . 
  imagine if there was a referendum about doubling all salaries below # 30.000 , it would be much harder for those against to explain why it would be a bad idea , because people who earn below that amount would by default tend to go with the populist argument . 
  i 'm not rich , yet still managed to visit pretty much every relevant country in europe . 
  do n't know if that would have been possible without the eu . 
  yeah , like boris johnson , nigel farage , zac goldsmith , luke johnson , all these millionaires supporting remain ... 
  what 's wrong with sending an all male team ? 
  had it been any other country , nobody would have even noticed . 
  people simply were n't in the mood for that at the time . 
  do n't forget that the communist party was also banned for like 20 years . 
  a man has been interrogated today by bucharest police after calling 112 and saying he was going to shoot anghel iord\u0103nescu , the manager of romania 's national team . 
  the man was fined 500 lei ( ~ $ 110 ) for abusing the emergency number . 
   i did n't even know the executioner died . 
  everybody is very angry about the lost game with albania . 
  i 'm not angry , i just won 100 lei betting on albania . 
  this is the value of romanian football , if you want to make money just bet against the romanian team in every match . 
   should he have received a fair trial ? 
  for all the suffering he caused , he deserved to feel betrayal and be miserable and die . 
  ceausescu was bad , but not that bad . 
  yes , people did suffer during the austerity years , but you ca n't solely blame ceausescu for that without blaming the fucks that grossly misinformed him about the economic situation . 
  production statistics not just inflated , they were science-fiction . 
  he based his budget on those numbers . 
  imagine if all companies today would start reporting record profits just to look good . 
  the government would be basing its budget on that and it would be a total economic disaster . 
  of course , private companies have no interest doing this , but heads of communist enterprises did n't give a fuck because it would n't affect them personally ( like it would affect modern ceos ) . 
  sure , ceausescu was dumb , after all , he only made it to 4th grade , but that does n't mean he intentionally caused mass suffering . 
  let 's be honest here , ceausescu was n't executed because of the suffering he caused to the romanian people , he was executed so that so that the other criminals could get away and thrive in the new romania . 
  they knew if there had been a real trial instead of that embarrassing circus they would all have to go to prison and never be able to return to public life . 
   a fair trial might 've kept him alive . 
  that would be unacceptable . 
  he 'd start a national communist party like moldova 's and that would be a disaster . 
  start a `` national communist party '' from where , from prison ? 
  lol . 
  the dude was 71 at the time , unless you consider him some sort of super human , he would n't have had the energy to start from scratch and if he did , you only had the romanian people to blame , let 's not forget how disgusting scum like vadim tudor and adrian paunescu were buried like fucking heroes . 
  moldova would be much better off without transnistria up its ass , anyway . 
  i doubt many moldovans would give a fuck if transnistria went to ukraine , maybe only the veterans who fought in the early 1990s . 
  the moldovan government on the other hand likes transnistria , as it can be used as a constant excuse for their utter incompetence . 
  there was a war that broke out in 1990 and ended in 1992 with a ceasefire . 
  on one side were transnistrian separatists , backed by russia and ukrainian volunteers and on the other side was moldova , backed by romanian volunteers . 
  moldova did n't have a real army back then ( still does n't ) so it was basically police and rag tags going against professional russian soldiers . 
  they obviously lost . 
  since then , transnistria has mostly survived as a parasite state , with moldova having pretty much no influence over what happened there . 
  today , the situation is a bit more complicated . 
  the transnistrian economy is more dependent on the eu than ever before , as russia had cut its aid to transnistria and most transnistrian exports are going to the eu . 
  moldova is using this to exercise some soft power over transnistria . 
  most products , especially those that are exported , are labeled as `` made in moldova '' . 
  transnistrian cars have to be registered in moldova , otherwise they ca n't travel abroad . 
  many transnistrians have gotten their moldovan papers in order , especially after moldova was granted visa-free travel to the eu , some transnistrians have even obtained romanian citizenship . 
  transnistrian leaders also have to use the chisinau airport if they want to travel abroad , because the runway of tiraspol 's airport is unusable . 
  whether these things are good or bad for moldova remains debatable . 
  moldova definitely has more power over transnistria than it did 10 years ago , but most of the population and leaders of transnistria are still russophiles to the bone . 
  there is only one high school in transnistria that still teaches romanian and the transnistrian authorities are doing everything they can to shut them down ( harassing/arresting teachers and students , cutting their electricity , not allocating them any money etc ) . 
  transnistria is also a constant obstacle to the development of moldova , it discourages and investment and there 's simply no way for moldova to join either the eu or nato with the transnistrian problem up its ass . 
  i am , but hope dies last . 
  i think the claim is kind of bullshit , prices in slovakia are not much higher than in romania and about the same ( possibly even lower in many cases ) than in hungary . 
  maybe they compare their prices with poland , but poland is well known for being the cheapest country in the eu and among the cheapest on the entire continent , but even polish prices are not dramatically lower . 
  i hope they get annexed by ukraine . 
  russia is already too close to us in crimea , i would n't be comfortable with them being in transnistria as well ( i mean , i know they already are , but it 's only around 2000 troops armed with light weapons , not really capable of anything significant ) . 
  what a disgusting russian propaganda site . 
  they even fail to mention that transnistria does n't even exist , it 's a part of a failed state ( moldova ) that is run by the mafia and this shevchuk guy is just a puppet , a traitorous ukrainian that has no real power and is only interested in making money .
