  when all tarom routes will be replaced by low cost flights , then we can say that air travel has become a decent alternative to driving or going by coach/train . 
  it will also probably be the death of cfr . 
   is there not much competition in your sector perhaps ? 
  nope , tarom pretty much owns the domestic market . 
  different companies have been promising domestic flights for the last ten years , but they never materialized , and if they did , only for a short time . 
  this year , one company , blue air , has promised to launch flights between timisoara , cluj-napoca and iasi for around $ 20 in october . 
  wizz air is also launching flights from bucharest to cluj-napoca for $ 10 this month . 
  sure this sounds great in theory , but if they will have like one flight per week or give up after some time , it will be utterly useless . 
  also , blue air 's strategy is kinda shitty in my opinion , most traffic goes from provincial cities to the capital and vice versa , not between provincial cities , so i think that should be tackled first . 
  i do n't even know who would want to fly from timisoara to iasi except for some moldavian students going home . 
  maybe timisoara-cluj would work , because both are rich cities , but that remains to be seen . 
  imho , romania is in desperate need to affordable domestic air travel , because trains are slow as fuck , motorway construction is advancing at snail pace and coach/minibus drivers drive like complete idiots , i would never trust my life in their hands . 
  in romania , air travel is a joke . 
  we have like 16 official international airports , but only 3 that actually matter ( bucharest , cluj-napoca and timisoara ) , the rest are an embarrassment , there are probably department stores that have a higher revenue than the other 13 `` international airports '' . 
  the vast majority of flights are also international , domestic air travel is an exclusive spoil for the rich . 
  a flight from timisoara to bucharest costs a lot more than a flight from timisoara to london ... 
   it 's really not that big of a deal . 
  ron to eur is very stable . 
  it was stable before 2008 as well . 
  1 euro was around 3.5 lei , then it went to shit quickly . 
  there 's nothing that ever guarantees the leu wo n't jump or down again . 
  when you sign a contract , you sign it for 2-3 years , the exchange rate can change drastically within a few weeks or even days . 
  i just do n't understand why you should introduce currency risk in a matter which is entirely domestic ( real estate ) . 
  yeah , but the bank ca n't guarantee it will remain stable , because there 's no peg or even erm-ii membership . 
  the fact that your rent is in euros is just a historical relic . 
  back in the 1990s inflation was so ridiculously high , it was impossible to sign any long term contract in lei . 
  same goes for cellphone contracts . 
  however , times have changed and this practice has become detrimental to the romanian economy . 
  personally , i think it should be illegal to make such contracts - people in normal countries do n't have to worry about the risk of currency devaluation when they rent , only in romania . 
  well , this will definitely benefit some businesses , but others , which are more eurocentric , will probably still lose . 
  also , i do n't think tuning the uk into a giant tax haven is a feasible strategy on the long term . 
  the funny thing however , is that the poor were the ones who voted massively in favor of brexit and i do n't see how cutting corporate taxes benefits them . 
  as a side note , speaking of rich people , i really hope the uk will keep [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flw4e5ki6y8 ) . 
  we do n't want him back here . 
  cotton paper is still paper . 
  it still tears easily and if it gets wet , you 're fucked . 
  polymer cash is rock solid in comparison , i ca n't see how you can destroy such a note unless you really want to . 
  i do n't care , still made from crappy paper . 
  i 'm happy with my lei for now . 
  yeah , i do n't think anyone is dumb enough to doubt that . 
  the question is if they will still want to stay ? 
  yup , it 's true , it 's kinda hard to describe , but definitely unmistakeable . 
   stupid high inflation anyway . 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  also , when i said the uk was n't japan , i meant it in the way that when the yen goes down , it 's good for the japanese economy , however not the same can be said about the pound and the british economy . 
  yeah , problem is britain is n't japan . 
  so his goal was to win a stupid referendum with no regard for what comes next ? 
  it 's important to not forget that britain is still an eu member , and an increasing number of people believe its going to wuss out and not leave . 
  most russians use yandex and vk instead of google and facebook , so it does n't really matter . 
  [ not that far off ] ( http://i.imgur.com/k3dlmol.jpg ) btw , here are some celebrities after spending some time in vaslui county : [ leonardo dicaprio ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ujgcikc.jpg ) [ jon snow ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yaqzp11.jpg ) [ jason statham ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3h9znqs.jpg ) [ adolf hitler ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j1arfls.jpg ) [ gerard butler ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xraqhjc.jpg ) bonus typical vaslui people : [ typical vasluian citizen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yxwqgzn1wy ) [ typical vasluian mom ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r70o3zewjds ) [ some respectable old ladies from vaslui ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n65yage_1w0 ) [ typical vasluian rapist threatening female journalists with rape ] ( http://internet-bun.info/2015/07/jurnalistele-au-fost-amenintate-in-vaslui-ar-trebui-sa-va-violeze-tot-satul-transmite-i-si-tu-un-mesaj-barbatului-care-le-a-amenintat-pe-ziariste-cu-violul/ ), 
  mainly alcohol , poverty , lack of oportunities and education . 
  the moldavia region has always lagged behind the rest of romania , but vaslui county is the asshole within the asshole . 
  well , italy 's economic problems have been boiling for a long time . 
  their debt has been over 100 % of gdp since most redditors here were still playing with their dicks in the sand , if they were even born . 
  corruption and the mafia are huge drains on the economy . 
  the south itself is a huge drain on the economy , the north and south are like two different countries . 
  and of course , being part of southern europe , they have the usual problems of extremely low productivity and tax evasion on a massive scale . 
  you see , despite having a population close to that of britain and france and being a founding member of the eu , italy has never quite managed to become a leader in the eu , it was always viewed as the dumb student constantly failing grades . 
  real gdp is adjusted for inflation . 
  for example , if your gdp per capita in 1995 was $ 10.000 and the average trip at the supermarket was $ 100 , but then in 2016 the gdp per capita is $ 20.000 but the average trip at the supermarket is $ 300 , you have n't really made any progress . 
  real gdp is different from ppp , because ppp gdp is mostly used to account for differences between countries while real gdp is used to make comparisons of the same country in different years . 
  of course , in reality neither ppp nor real gdp give an accurate sense of the standards of living or differences between them , but both tend to be better metrics than just nominal gdp , which is basically the gdp in whatever national currency converted into us dollars at current exchange rates . 
  i know you 're joking , but this is an actual thing in vaslui county , romania . 
  the county has only 2 % of romanian population , but 30-40 % of the rapes take place there . 
  rape is so common there even an mp from that county is a convicted rapist . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they have a better deal than other countries , but not `` 100 % access '' , that 's bullshit . 
  israel is not part of the single market , switzerland is . 
  fuck off mate . 
  the eu has the right to protect its own interests just like any political entity . 
  switzerland chose to impose migrant quotas . 
  fine , it 's their right , but there 's nothing that should stop the eu to kick it from the single market this . 
  if the swiss are unhappy they will get kicked out from the single market over this , they should have thought about it before they 've voted . 
  the exact same goes for the british . 
  if you vote for shit , expect shit , do n't expect free candy . 
   btw . 
  schulz could n't even finish a middle school ... such is the eu `` elite '' . 
  i do n't even know and never met a retard that could n't pass `` matura '' . 
  farage is pretty much on the same level . 
  no , actually farage is worse , at least schulz can speak like 4 or 5 languages , farage speaks only one . 
  you voted yourselves out of europe ( several times iirc ) , stop being butthurt you 're not on these maps . 
   fun fact : there are two countries in europe where zoophilia is legal . 
  finland and ... romania . 
  it 's not explicitly illegal , but believe me , if you get caught you will get the maximum penalty for animal abuse which is like 3 years in prison . 
  anyway , acts of zoophilia are extremely rare in romania , that 's why parliament has n't bothered to make a specific law against it . 
  in the last decade , there were like 2 cases in total . 
  ofc , maybe in real life it 's more common , but unfortunately animals are not able to report crimes . 
  600 million street value . 
  for the traffickers it 's worth a lot less . 
  i doubt this will have a significant impact on the availability of cocaine in western europe , but of course , the authorities can keep hoping , as always . 
  yeah , not gon na happen , they 're not muslims , thus not eligibile . 
  and what about herself ? 
  had she not invited millions of migrants into europe maybe brexit would n't have happened . 
  does she not realise how much damage she did and is still doing with her attitude ? 
  certainly more than juncker and timmermans combined . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i 'm not married but still , i really ca n't understand these fuckers . 
  it 's like their wife/girlfriend/crush is the last woman on earth . 
  she 's fucking another guy ? 
  then just diforce and that 's it .
