   i 'm sure the people in control have your best interests at heart !, 
  oh , yes , because i 'm absolutely sure british politicians ca n't sleep well at night until they know the people who voted for them have a satisfying life . 
  most british politicians are the exact same , if not worse than this scum . 
  not only timmermans , but i 'm sure junck himself loves the smell of cash as well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  ponta was never a lawyer , he was a prosecutor , and that was before he got his phd . 
  by the time he got his phd , in 2003 , he was already working for bombonel 's government , who , coincidentally was also his coordinating professor . 
   sometimes it looks very stupid whene two cars can barely pass one another that 's the whole point , narrower lanes are way better at discouraging people from speeding than speed limit signs and police hiding in the bushes . 
  if you have a bike lane , you do n't want cars driving too fast . 
  i do n't think that was the old pavement , you can se the markings were temporary , so probably just a rougher layer over which they poured the final layer . 
  it would be extremely retarded to pour it over the old pavement , while this is not unheard of in eastern europe , i doubt they would do it on a main artery in moscow . 
  i do n't understand our policians ' obsession with phds . 
  having a phd , even a legit one , does not automatically make you competent . 
  take ioana petrescu for example , she has a phd in economics from fucking harvard and still got rekt in her own court by basescu , a man who would n't be considered an intelectual by any standards . 
  it 's incorrect to say ceausescu gave his wife a phd . 
  she was n't your typical dictator 's wife , her megalomania often surpassed ceausescu 's and many people even think she actually had more power than ceausescu and was much more vile than him . 
  what is known for sure , is that she had much influence over ceausescu and was very involved in politics , so perhaps it would be more correct to say that she gave herself a phd . 
   once the king will pass away he 's probably already dead , they 've likely stuffed his body by now in a desperate attempt to keep their relevance just a little longer , until they manage to get [ this law ] ( http://www.hotnews.ro/stiri-esential-21103604-proiect-lege-initiat-guvern-casa-regala-avea-personalitate-juridica-finantata-bugetul-stat-primi-gratuit-palatul-elisabeta-perioada-99-ani.htm ) passed . 
   you can take his throne away , but once he has been crowned king , he is king for life . 
  but what about when his entire `` kingdom '' ceases to exist ? 
  a king without a kingdom is nothing more than a buffoon . 
   the elections in 52 and 57 had turnout of 98.8 % . 
  the elections in 61 , 65 , 69 , 75 , 80 , 85 had turnout between 99.88 % and 99.99 % . 
  the wining party won every time with 97 % of the votes ? 
  why ? 
  because they wan na seem legitimate . 
  well , i think the turnout rates were actually legit , not because people loved the commies , but because it was a pretty bad idea not to turn out and vote . 
  even if you were disabled/old , they would come with the ballot at your house , there was no escape . 
  if you somehow managed to evade the vote , it 's likely the securitate would have paid you a visit after the election . 
   given the post-brexit turbulence , i 'd have thought his euroskeptic stance would have hurt him . 
  well , he is n't exactly boris johnson or nigel farage . 
  i do n't think he wants to leave the eu , it would be even dumber for austria to leave than it was for britain . 
  you forgot the / s. 
  it 's really required for these types of comments . 
   austrian judges should be jailed hello mr. erdogan , did n't know you had a reddit account . 
  they did n't need to `` beat the soviets '' , they only needed to hold them off long enough until they decided it was n't worth it to keep fighting with the romanians and focus on the germans instead . 
  the nva did n't need to `` beat '' the americans , nor did the mujahideens need to `` beat '' the soviets to make them fuck off . 
  in 1944 , antonescu knew the war was lost , but wanted to keep fighting so that he would get a ceasefire from the soviets , not a capitulation , therefore keeping romania outside the soviet sphere of influence . 
  michael then took part in a coup to remove antonescu from power and then subsequently lied that a ceasefire was signed between romania and the ussr , when in reality that ceasefire was signed much later and the soldiers on the front were already taken prisoners by the soviets . 
  that coup took place on august the 23rd , it was the single most important day for communism in romania and huge celebrations took place every year until 1989 and many streets and even entire towns/villages were renamed `` august 23rd '' , some even kept that name to this day , for example [ this town ] ( http://www.ziuaconstanta.ro/images/stories/2012/08/23/pics/23_august_foto_23_august.jpg ) in constanta county . 
   not really coward that 's the part where he proved he was traitor , the part where he proved he was a coward was when he abdicated and fled . 
   the only thing close to a cult of personality we have for those is for paunescu , people only `` worship '' their achievements . 
  there does n't have to be a cult of personality , the fact that these people are even considered `` values '' is bad enough . 
  vadim nearly made it on that list , and i bet if he had retreated from politics a few years before he died , he would have made it on the list , as romanians have a notoriously short memory . 
  paunescu went from almost being lynched in front of the american embassy to being buried like a national hero . 
  he only avoided the lynching by humiliating himself . 
  so they do n't get money from the state directly , but this is still called leeching . 
  they should have absolutely no influence , nor be allowed to keep their titles . 
  politicians lying ? 
  who would have thought , right ? 
   king michael is the one that is most respected , but he is also very old and ill . 
  he is a disgusting coward and traitor , but i 'm not surprised he is `` respected '' , because romanians have a history of worshipping scumbags ( adrian paunescu , silviu brucan , horia moculescu , just to give a few examples ) . 
  actually , i 'm 90 % sure he is already dead for a few months now , but they 're probably going to great lengths to hide it , because the so-called royal family knows they would just become a bunch of nobodies without him . 
  yes , romania is a republic and most people support that . 
  there are some small , vocal groups with political influence that want the monarchy restored and some idiots who support them , but that 's about it . 
  ex-queen , because romania is a republic and her king abdicated and has no real merits other than being an ultimate coward and traitor . 
  the rest of the so-called `` royal family '' are a bunch of parasites . 
  what would be the point , anyway ? 
  these are tactical nukes afaik , not even strategic and russia ( our only viable enemy ) has pretty good anti air defense . 
  if they were ballistic missiles , then maybe they would be useful , otherwise , they 're just an unnecessary headache . 
  they are useless , we do n't have planes to deliver them . 
  yeah , i mean , what could go wrong ? 
  it would have been cooler if it was 314 zda , but that number is already taken by a [ less impressive car ] ( http://fs65.trilulilu.ro/imgs/sefy/b-314-zda_fc337c5b0fb731.jpg?size=original ) . 
  edit : in case someone does n't know 314 stands for pi ( 3.1415 ... ) , therefore the number reads pizda , which is a very nice word in slavic languages as well as in romanian . 
  the merger was just the gravestone being placed . 
  the death happened before that , when they decided to go with windows phone software . 
  had they decided to go with android , considering their superior hardware compared with chinese and korean companies , they could have grabbed a big chunk of the market . 
  spelling fail , it happens , english is not a phonetic language . 
  it was a good os , for 2004 perhaps , but it did n't adapt to the modern world . 
  choosing windows as the main os for nokia phones was the second big mistake . 
  most things that microsoft touches eventually turn to shit . 
   but it 's common to see rs6 , s3 , sq5 , m5 , whatever in front of disgusting looking and/or completely unrenovated houses . 
  i would n't be surprised if those people were eastern european immigrants . 
  it 's very rare to see a luxembourgish plate in romania , but when you do , it 's a luxury car and the owner is not luxembourgish . 
  it 's a german export plate . 
  they are very common in romania , it just says he had just recently bought the car from germany , it does n't say anything about the owner . 
  it 's a german temporary plate . 
  you buy the car in germany , slap that temporary plate and when you get to wherever you 're going you 're supposed to replace it with a local plate . 
  hungarian is an official language in vojvodina ( which is an autonomous province of serbia and that guy is a representative of that province ) , but russian is not an official language in latvia . 
  ok , but then how can you consider it criminal ? 
  a convicted criminal is normally sentenced to either pay a fine , go to jail or probation . 
  an illegal immigrant that does not commit any crime is simply deported , which is not really a criminal punishment . 
  if , on the other hand , the illegal immigrant commits a crime , he is also ordered to pay a fine or go to jail and only deported after he served his sentence . 
   i would because it 's a criminal offense here i assume you live in the uk . 
  how can you claim a fixed penalty notice is a criminal conviction , that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  the uk has a very antiquated law system and no criminal code , so saying what is or is n't a crime is not easy or straightforward , especially as some convictions might result in a criminal record while others may not . 
  in the us and in most other civilized countries , illegal immigration is tied to civil law , although there are some offenses related to illegal immigration are considered criminal ( such as aiding or abiding , using deception or forged documents etc ) . 
  he makes more than $ 70k , but he has other shit to worry about , as i said , he could n't afford it ** without wreaking havoc on his finances ** . 
  having the money to buy something and being able to afford it are two completely different things . 
  you do realize he also has other expenses to worry about , like his mortgage , utility bills , food , taxes , maintaining his current car ( because , you know , it 's not practical to use an r8 as your everyday car , especially if you need to go to construction sites and carry shit around ) . 
  also , even if he has $ 100k just lying around , it does n't mean he can afford a $ 100k car , there are other costs , like taxes and maintenance which are much more expensive than for a normal car . 
  immigration laws are civil laws . 
  would you call someone who does 55 mph or kph in a 50 area a criminal ? 
  if not , you ca n't call an illegal immigrant a criminal either . 
  immigration laws are civil in nature , not criminal . 
  would you call someone who breaks the speed limit or does n't wear a seatbelt a criminal ? 
  if not , you ca n't call an illegal immigrant a criminal either . 
  the problem is that you look at migration on personal level , thus failing to see the bigger picture . 
  sure , we can sympathize with some dude born in shitty country who wishes for a better life in a civilizaed country . 
  some of us have even been that guy .
