  is this satire ? 
  maybe they were loyal to him then , but a lot has changed about erdogan 's regime in the last few years . 
  let 's just hope for the best - erdogan gets fucked , secular rule in turkey is restored . 
  also , i doubt erdogan 's police is able to sustain a prolonged fight with the army . 
  turks are used to coups , i think they 'll be fine . 
  erdogan was going to go down sooner or later , and apparently it 's happening now . 
  unfortunately , the army is the only institution powerful enough to give the middle finger to erdogan and restoring secular and democratic rule . 
  let 's just hope this goes down without bloodshed . 
  i do n't care enough about approval ratings to follow them for every government . 
  i 'm also not saying the french government is good , i actually think it 's very crappy , but i 'm not saying that because they have a low approval rating . 
  judging a government by approval ratings is like judging a math teacher by how much his students like him instead of how much maths they learn from him . 
  obtaining a high approval rating is easy for a government , they just have to go full populist , and there are 3 steps towards that : 1 . 
  tell the masses what they want to hear ( cut immigration , tax the rich , raise minimum wage etc , whatever people want to hear at a particular time ) 2 . 
  find a perpetual scapegoat . 
  if you just tell the masses what they want to hear they will soon realize you 're bullshitting them , so you need a perpetual scapegoat to blame for your inability to keep your promises . 
  this can be anything that the masses dislike or feel disconnected from ( the eu , other countries , minorities , immigrants , opposition , previous government etc. ), 
  give out freebies . 
  the masses love freebies , so make sure you give them a lot . 
  does n't matter if it 's unsustainable and you fuck up the economy , the effects are not immediate and the government that comes after you will have to deal with the aftermath and clean up the mess . 
  and since the masses have a short memory , you can safely blame the government that has to clean up your mess for incompetence . 
  these are mostly minors we 're talking about , minors are easily victims regardless of ethnicity , especially if they come from poor families . 
  imho , the criminals , regardless of their ethnicity do not deserve a fair trial , the cops should have gone medieval on them , beat the shit out of them , line them up , make them dig up a trench then fill them up with lead like fucking pi\u00f1atas . 
  what i find even more impressive than his dedication is the fact that he 's 90 and still going strong . 
  i know a few people who made it past that age , but they were pretty much vegetables by then . 
  putin has 80-90 % approval rating . 
  hitler was probably in that area as well . 
  high approval ratings = / = good government . 
  i did n't understand most of it either , only the part where he said `` i went there when iliescu was in ... '', 
  [ he said something about iliescu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiozvu-jeu8 ) , so he did offend romania . 
  most likely multiple ethnicities , they basically kidnapped them off the streets , i doubt the criminals gave a fuck about their ethnicity . 
  some were taken from their families , because the criminals promised the families they would have to do easy work for lots of money ( we 're talking about extremely poor families ) . 
  i do n't know if they 'll be returned , the child protection service will have to evaluate their families and decide if it 's safe to return them . 
  yup , apparently a gypsy gang is responsible . 
   if this was possible , then the eu would be the problem , not the solution . 
  eu membership implies both benefits and responsibilities . 
  if post brexit uk would be able to maintain the benefits without sharing the responsibilities , the eu would fail as a project . 
  did n't notice that though ( maybe because i 'm not a chick ) , but i 'm sure they also polled women , so it must be something more than just eastern european chicks . 
  the foreign men i see acting all desperate to get eastern european chicks are usually turks . 
  this is what you get for appointing morally questionable characters to the top of the eu . 
  same goes for juncker , i know he 's funny and all , but we should remember he made a lot of rich people very happy and made a lot of money himself by making those people happy . 
  with sweden and germany i 'm not surprised , just with spain . 
  they 're in the gutter basically and still care more about others . 
  it 's interesting ... 
  you 're evaluating the problem in the wrong way . 
  the eu has no interest in closing the irish border , from the eu 's point of view it would be a total win if the uk just got into an eea type deal , because they would still be in the single market , still have free movement of people and still pay to the eu budget , vurlt without having any power to influence eu policies . 
  the problem is that britain does n't want to pay money to the eu and more importantly it does n't want free movement of people . 
  this creates a huge problem with the irish border , because having an open border with ireland does n't mean just irish people can travel freely through it , but any eu citizen can as well and then just simply take a plane or ferry to the mainland uk . 
  if the uk wants to `` control its borders '' as brexiters claim , this essentially leaves them with only two options - either they introduce mandatory passport checks when travelling from ni to mainland uk , or they reinstate the irish border . 
  whichever option they would choose would upset either the unionists or nationalists . 
  there 's simply no way around it , the people who they want most to get rid of are unskilled workers and criminals , who generally do n't give a shit if they have proper papers or not and even if they deport them , they could easily return to the uk via ireland . 
  most jobs in germany that do n't require you to speak german are at the extremes - either shitty jobs at the very bottom , either very well paid jobs at the top of multinationals ( and if you have the resume for such a job , it probably means learning german would n't be a difficult task for you anyway ) . 
  you would have to know enough geography and history to pass the bac with an 8 or more for these subjects as well as in-depth knowledge of how public institutions of both romania as well as the eu work ( yes , there are questions about how various eu institutions work ) . 
  it would be difficult even for someone very passionate about romanian culture and history , not to mention someone who just wants to get a romanian passport . 
  other citizenship tests are jokes in comparison - the us one any retard can pass ( it 's a lot more difficult to get a green card than to become a us citizen ) , the uk one is a bit more complicated but still covers only major events and people in the history questions and is multiple choice , so it does n't require you to actually talk about shit . 
  the waiting period is irrelevant . 
  you need to learn romanian before you can even think about taking the citizenship test , and i do n't mean `` salut '' , `` ce faci coaie '' and `` pula mea '' , i mean being able to discuss philosophical topics with ease , basically c2 level mastery , which is much more difficult to achieve than it seems . 
  this alone would take anyone who is n't a language learning genius at least 5 years . 
  then you have to study romanian history and geography and in great detail , as you have to be able to talk about significant historical figures and not just stephen the great and mihai viteazu ' , but also eminescu , cosbuc , caragiale , vuia , cantacuzino family etc. 
  then you have to know shit like when and where the first romanian school was founded , exact dates like when michael abdicated , be able to name rivers in a random geographical region or even county etc. 
  to make things even worse , knowing all this shit does not even guarantee you 're going to pass the test as it is n't scored and the interviewer is supposed to base their decision on a subjective evaluation of you ( i.e. 
  they can fail you if they do n't like your accent or face ) . 
  does n't work , you still have to pass the citizenship test which is designed to be close to impossible to pass . 
  obtaining romanian citizenship is very hard for those without any romanian ancestry . 
  it happened after pretty much every territorial change : wwi , wwii , break-up of ussr , break-up of yugoslavia , divorce of czechoslovakia etc. 
   when bj gets a responsible job bj still better than no job . 
  next step is to appoint farage as head of the brexit negotiations team . 
  this is gon na be fun . 
   i think they are called sharks in romania i do n't know what the drivers are called ( if they 're called anything other than just scammers ) , but the devices they use to make the meters charge more are called `` monkeys '' . 
   so it 's all about insurance companies protecting their incomes through forced by the law selling of their services . 
  no it 's not about that . 
  i do n't know how it works in russia , but in romania we have two types of car insurance : rca and casco . 
  rca covers third parties and casco covers damage to your own car . 
  only rca is compulsory and it makes perfect sense , because even if you have a crappy old banger you can still wreck a fucking ferrari with it , and if your car is uninsured , you can sell all your properties , max out all your credit cards , suck dick for money for the rest of your life and still not be able to pay for even half the cost of the ferrari . 
  also , not to mention if you cause an accident that results in loss of life , then the compensation is in the several hundreds of thousands euros range for each victim . 
  compulsory insurance is the only way to make sure affected third parties actually get their compensation . 
  you mean by a guy with a crowbar ? 
  usually , yes . 
  however , our train operators have some radio system they use constantly , so i guess that 's how they avoid colliding with each other . 
  our passenger rail transport is probably going to die soon anyway , since $ 10 domestic flights will start later this year . 
  considering how many wars , hatred and problems religion has caused over the course of history , i think in 2016 religious beliefs should belong strictly to the home and church . 
  modern society would have never been possible if christians had kept the same standards as in the middle ages . 
  i agree . 
  it 's perfectly legal to go out wearing flip-flops and shorts , but if you work at a bank and show up like that , it 's pretty much guaranteed you 'll get fired . 
  if i want my employees to abide by a certain dress code , no government or court should have the ability to tell me otherwise . 
  compared to the burka , yes , but i think employers should have the liberty to set dress codes for their employees , for example if you work at a bank it 's not acceptable to show up in shorts and flip-flops , yet if you are a muslim woman it 's somehow acceptable to show up with that rag over your head . 
   one rail system that is controlled by one guy , for a train running between andria ( 100k population ) and corato ( 50k population ) is simply not acceptable , a human error is bound to happen . 
  most of our rail network is single track , yet we do n't have such accidents . 
  of course it is n't ... in normal countries ... in germany/austria ( especially germany ) , even if you wander around some residential neighborhood with a camera , there 's going to be some grumpy old lady threatening to call the cops on you . 
  they are very paranoid , especially old people . 
  funny , because there was a romanian company a few years ago that did a complete street view map of vienna and some other austrian cities and they did n't blur shit . 
  unfortunately , the company went bankrupt due to the lack of a viable business model and they have pulled all their websites offline , including norc.at . 
  but of course , if its a small company few people ever heard about , legislators do n't give a damn , if it 's google , everyone goes apeshit . 
  i agree . 
  still looks stupid tho ... at the very least unapologetically non-european . 
  yeah , who gives the shit if the constitution is observed , right ? 
  would be cool if they had some language learning books . 
  there is a huge problem in timisoara with the gypsy real estate mafia . 
  it 's a complicated story , but to put it in simple terms , it goes like this : 1 . 
  timisoara has many historic building which were confiscated from their rightful owners by the communist government after wwii . 
  after the collapse of communism , the rightful owners or their descendants have had the possibility to reclaim confiscated property .
