  for europe , you need to translate your website into many languages before you can reach the same number . 
  there are also larger differences in local legislation then there are between us states . 
  the eu is working towards integrating the market more , but it will take a long time before we can catch up with companies like google , microsoft , apple and facebook . 
  especially when they keep buying european startups ;-) . 
  brand awareness also spreads faster in the us . 
  if you run an add on national tv in the us , people all across the country will see it . 
  it 's also more common to know people that live in different states across the us , so word of mouth could actually reach the entire country . 
  for europeans it 's quite uncommon to move to a different country and there is no eu tv . 
  that 's the thing , most tech startups will be bought by microsoft or google and now also facebook . 
  btw you probably also know the swedish one , which is behind candy crush . 
  spotify is also swedish . 
  the finish company you see there is behind angry birds . 
  the largest in terms of sales is also not necessarily the most well known . 
  edit : i forgot apple . 
  which is one of the reasons why nl is so far behind ( only one of them though ), 
  yeah , canadians too . 
  we 're not even the biggest smokers in europe . 
  i mean , ` scholieren ' are high school students ... 5 % is extremely high for that . 
  windmills are n't that efficient ( yet ) compared to let 's say hydro . 
  on friendly relations yes , but a defensive pact is a bit more than a friendly relation . 
  and given russia 's invasion of the krim , etc. 
  it is the country we will be most likely defending against . 
  can we exclude them both ? 
   the moment we take our eyes off , you guys start fighting and next thing you know , either genocide happens or somebody want to go conquer russia . 
  what century are you living in buddy ? 
  eh it was talked about ? 
  and it is in most election programs . . iirc most parties want to undo part of the previous budget cuts . 
  less credible yes . 
  but all other nato armies combined would still be enough to defend against russia . 
  i think you both can agree that it 's the swiss german speakers that have the real impediment, 
  ah right there . 
  i thought you meant that they put down sgpj instead of sgp . 
  no they did n't ... 
  to be fair , it seemed like they negotiated terribly . 
  it mostly seemed vvd policy . 
  the combination vvd , cda , cu and sgp would n't sit well with d66 voters . . it 's like you pick the most conservative parties and try to mix it with the most progressive party, 
  what colour do you suggest ? 
  edit : i guess they could have used purple . 
  i think gl is more likely tbh . 
  i do n't think d66 will want to form a coalition with 4 conservative parties ( vvd , cda , cu and sgp ) . 
  do n't think d66 would want to work with cda , cu and sgp . 
  not unfair if the rest of the country absolutely hates the candidate . 
  in the unlikely case that pvv ( populist right ) becomes the biggest party , he will 100 % be left out of the coalition . 
  well only sgp is that extreme and it has only 2/3 seats, 
  i think it 's a popular position . 
  also , it 's not like we do n't want them to contribute , we want them to get informed and then contribute . 
  it 's a win for him if he becomes the biggest party , but he still would have a chance to become pm . 
  he 'll just be a bigger pain in the ass . 
  it would definitely not be the first time the biggest party is left out of the coalition . 
  yeah but it 's also the first time ( in my life anyways ) that there are this many parties . 
  it 's insane . 
  most people do n't know which person on the list to vote for , things i 've heard people do : vote for the first person on the list , because that 's the person you know . 
  vote for the first woman on the list . 
  vote for the woman who would just not get a seat according to the polls so she gets a preferential seat . 
  vote for the last person on the list , because ??? 
  vote for a person in your city vote for a young/old person because ??? 
  vote for someone with a funny name . 
  randomly pick someone from the list pick someone who stands for the issues you find important ( this one very few people do ), 
  i did n't see the thingie in your flag , so i was assuming you 're dutch and i was utterly confused until i read the other comment . 
  i hate that picture , because they conveniently leave out spanish and catalan, 
  right you need 50 % + 1 seat to have a majority , but i think everyone gets the point right ? 
  which is impossible . 
  the biggest party in the latest polls has 17 % of the votes . 
  his party has 15 % . 
  and nobody wants to work with him . 
  you need 50 % to form a government . 
  [ long long ago we were called the kingdom of holland . 
  it 's not that weird that this is still present in some languages . ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_holland ) . 
  it was a short while . 
  but there is a long history of referring to the netherlands as holland . 
  double the score of finland !, 
  yeah that first pic does n't show you much . 
  the light flash can distort eye colour especially when you try to remove the red eye from a flash . 
  i 've had that happen to me as well . 
  the foto is from a fake source him being ` the negro from venlo ' . 
  here 's an article on that : https://www.google.nl/amp/www.volkskrant.nl/archief/de-neger-van-venlo~a3051195/amp he has one indonesian grandparent btw . 
  those are just regular lenses . 
  mine also have a [ slight ] ( https://www.healthable.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/contact-lens.jpg ) blue tint as well so you can see them in liquid . 
  yes his hair looks ridiculous , but you should n't make shit up . 
  i think those are just normal contact lenses which have a slight blue tint so you can see them when you put them in liquid, 
  no python 2 return 0.4 if you divide 1 by 2.5 . it does return 0 if you do 1/2 though . 
  difference is 1 and 2 are both integers so it returns an integer . 
  python 3 returns 0.5 in the second case . 
  nope . 
  that is not what python does . 
  neither on 2.7 or 3.6 ... 1/2 .5 = 0.4 on both . 
  in python 2 it does return 0 for 1/2 though . 
  maybe that 's what you ment ? 
  most of the states it was only 2 years ago though . 
  they 're quite late to the show . 
  the netherlands was first in 2001 ( 15 years ago already ! ) . 
  then belgium 2003 , spain and canada 2005 etc etc. . . 
  it 's also later then all scandinavian countries . 
  it 's a good thing what finland did , but it 's hardly setting an example . 
  downvotes are for relevance too , not funny jokes you on a serious topic are n't relevant and hence downvotes . 
  it 's mostly small towns i think . 
  i live in a city centre and the only thing i notice is things getting more expensive and more hipster-ish , the latter i do n't really mind . 
  small shops , butchers and bakeries are still open . 
  though many of the small shops and butchers arent the old dutch ones , but many are opened by immigrants and their descendants . 
  in a way , they might be bringing back some of the old traditions of small shops .
