  i just gave examples about how the government is able to create wealth . 
  if you make ignorant statements about how a government is unable to make any wealth at all you can expect people to comment about it . 
  i know , which is a crude measure for for amount of money made . 
  as all goods and services bought by end users should equal to all value added in a country . 
  not a lot of economists have ever believed in this trickle down effect, 
  just because they do n't participate in the free market does n't mean they do n't create additional wealth . 
  take three fictional example countries a , b & c . the three countries are exact copies of eachother except in country a , public transport is in hands of the government , in country b they privatised it and country c has no public transport what so ever . 
  ticket prices are the same and costs are the same in both countries a and b. 
  in country a the profits or losses of the public transport go in or out of the government budget . 
  in country b the profits or losses are for the shareholders of the transport company . 
  would n't you say that country a and b have more wealth than country c ? 
  ( assuming no large losses in the transport sector ) . 
  would n't you say it does n't matter in this case how wealthy the country is depending on transportation being provided by the government or a private company ? 
  a government provides goods and services which adds to the wealth of a country . 
  another example would be : imagine a country with a tiny government that does n't do anything . 
  then all of a sudden they buy out every single company in the country , such that now everything in the country is owned by the government , but aside from ownership nothing changes . 
  this country does n't now suddenly have all its wealth evaporatated to 0 . 
  no it is n't bullshit . 
  gdp far from perfect that does n't mean it is bullshit . 
  it 's measures the total amount of money made in a country and when that goes up it 's a good sign . 
  it 's an american thing to use that in the english language . 
  it does n't make sense to call it something else , because people do it in other languages . 
  nope that 's not it . 
  although most expats are white . 
  there are plenty of non white people at my university who i 'd consider expats . 
  do n't know the exact definition but you can get a dictionary yourself for that . 
  the way i use them : expats come to a country for a specific job or company they work for . 
  they have been hired and asked to relocate and will leave after they get a new job . 
  they might stick around after which they become immigrants . 
  immigrants are there to stay usually . 
  there might be migrants for economic reasons . 
  but they start looking for a job when they are already there and they usually are not planning to leave anytime soon . 
  but since this is english and americans do that in english , it is an american thing to use that english phrase, 
  probably a lot of retirees in spain , but here in amsterdam we have a lot of british expats, 
  well it 's more of a problem for gibraltar, 
  or in dutch : van de regen in de drup . 
  which is exactly the same proverb, 
   its not contained to that part . 
  thats just not part of the current discussion . 
  also , you ca n't deny that if he was white the chances of him being stopped would have been close to zero . 
  its not contained to that part . 
  thats just not part of the current discussion . 
  general appearance you can change so its less of an issue for me . 
  he 's 31 . edit : anyways , why would it matter so much ? 
  i drive in the expensive cars of my parents and in laws all the time and no one ever questions that . 
  why ? 
  it 's because i 'm white . 
  you might have missed the reason for the original discussion in the netherlands which this article is referring to . 
  [ this guy ( a dutch artist ) ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=typhoon&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=wc8&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjork3w-qtnahweorqkhtj3caeq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=671#tbm=isch&amp;q=glenn+de+randamie ) was complaining about constantly being pulled over because his skin colour did n't match with his expensive car . 
  now does he look like a low-life ? 
  this is n't a discussion about profiling people who look like gangsters , it 's innocent people getting harassed for no apparent reason , outside of their skin colour . 
  not really , she calls for an entry ban for everyone that calls for violence against members of the german parliament . 
  which includes erdogan, 
   sevim dagdelen , a member of the bundestag , demanded that `` anyone in turkey who calls for violence against members of the german parliament should get an entry ban '' to germany . 
  `` this includes president erdogan , '' she told the german newspaper `` bild am sonntag . '', 
   the duisburg-born politician has a 100,000 euro ( $ 112,000 ) bounty on her head , the paper reported , following a resolution adopted by the german parliament on june 2 calling the massacre of armenians genocide . 
  yeah , but then you check rented mercs specifically . 
  not just random asians who drive expensive cars . 
  the reason this discussion started in the netherlands is because a dutch artist complained about being pulled over all of the time because the police find it suspicious that a person of color drives such an expensive car . 
  there was literally no other reason for him to get pulled over . 
  it 's degrading though , when you get stopped by police officers because they do n't trust a person of your race driving an expensive car . 
  it just shows that you need to draw a line somewhere and you obviously can not do everything that helps fight crime . 
  in this case you want to mistreat every member of a certain ethnicity because there are more criminals amongst them . 
  i 'm not saying that those algorithms dont work i 'm saying that the racial profiling that has caused this upstir does n't work . 
  namely , stopping dark skinned people in expensive cars because that looks suspicious . 
  no ... like i said earlier :  because you are discriminating against an entire race , because a few might be criminals . 
  harassed might not have been the best choice of words , but you get the point . 
  the netherlands is n't israel . 
  what about the innocent that are constantly harassed ? 
  because you are discriminating against an entire race , because a few might be criminals . 
  plus , it does n't work . 
  it 's a bad argument . 
  hypothetically , putting the entire population in cages will reduce crime by about 100 % . 
  does n't mean it 's a good thing . 
  it 's an extreme example , but shows not all means are justified . 
  put laws in place so they ca n't . 
  why make it worse ? 
  eh , we can also pressure the government to give insight in how corporations use the data . 
  sure , if you 've proven that they are terrorists already , but this is for suspected terrorists and that is one big grey area . 
  just because the biggest corporations may sell meta data , you want all data to be available for the government ? 
  yes but it says colonized or controlled by ... 
  so the control should classify it at the first or at least as partial control . 
  it 's wrongly labelled as europe . 
  it 's a part of france ( just like a few islands there that are french or dutch ) they are however not a part of europe . 
  just like the most eastern part of russia is n't europe and parts of turkey are in europe but not labelled as europe in this picture . 
  not to mention part of turkey that they highlighted is in europe . 
  it 's not that common knowledge actually . 
  maybe it is if you spend enough time in the comments section of r/europe, 
  if you travel though several european countries you only need to pick up one sim card . 
  other then that not really . 
  that 's a relatively quiet intersection compared to op 's pictures, 
  btw : most of the companies on this map do n't operate in the us or as it goes with many game developers , you know the game but not the company . 
  some of them sell business products so will probably not be well known . 
  also the map is very outdated , a lot of these companies have been sold . 
  here 's the list : btw if you want to know the companies , though it 's an old map : norway : [ fast is know a part of microsoft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsoft_development_center_norway ) sweden : the company behind candy crush ( apparently largerthan spotify ) finland : company behind angry birds iceland : company behind eve online denmark : company that creates gaming engines estonia : skype latvia : a [ social network ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/askfm ) lithuania : do n't know the logo russia : russian search engine belarus : gaming franchise ukraine : dating websites ( cupid.com , flirt.com , benaughty.com ) poland : polish online auction website germany : company that buys and starts online start ups . 
  netherlands : online sales of consumer electronics ( only sells locally ) belgium : online payment company ( has since been bought by a french company ) uk : online clothing store ireland : online betting websites france : online advertisement company switserland : online auction company austria : a fitness app that has been bought by adidas czechia : most famous free virus scanner ( has since been sold ) slovakia : virus scanner and firewall hungary : [ is a provider of software as a service and cloud-based remote connectivity services for collaboration , it management and customer engagement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/logmein ) . 
  also the owners of lastpass romania : information website about software slovenia : some mobile childrens app listed on wikipedia as a british company [ croatia : i 'm unsure what they do ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in2 ) serbia : mobile game developer from top eleven - be a football manager bulgaria : educational software greece : also educational software . 
  turkey : online shopping site italy : online clothing store spain : online travel agent portugal : [ not sure , something with augmented reality ] ( http://www.ydreams.com/ ), 
  it 's because the consumer market is still very divided . 
  in the us it 's easier to get 300 million potential consumers .
