edit : although i 'm not saying i 'm pro or against, 
  there is still a difference in starting a war and helping after the us already went into battle . 
  edit : although i 'm not saying i 'm pro or against, 
   in fact aside from uk support not sure who else has helped in any meaningful way . 
  a lot more countries than you think . 
  in [ afganistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/participants_in_operation_enduring_freedom ) for instance , among others : france , uk , germany , the netherlands , italy , spain , poland and romania . 
  these have send troops in the 1800-6000 men range . 
  and then you have a lot of countries that send less troops . 
  edit :  by and large europe ( except maybe uk ) has left defending the world at large from potential threats ( islamic extremist , russia , china , north korea ) to the u.s. 
  this is just ignorance . 
  ( btw , what kind of threat do you honestly think china is to the us ? ), 
  i mean , donations can include man power . 
  that 's why i said this :  when it 's really needed , things will be different though . 
  when answering a poll like that people keep in mind the likeliness for something to happen . 
  or i think they do . 
  from an american view point : of course we 'll help to defend europe , they are right next to russia and the middle east !, 
  from an european view point : protect the us from who ? 
  the canadians ? 
  ( and btw , as far as i know , europeans have send troops to all us 's wars the last decade ), 
  when did the europeans ` need to come through ' ? 
  it has n't been necessary in recent history . 
  the guy said :  fight to protect [ ... ] against foreign threats not donate when natural disasters hit , which we do though . 
  part of the surprise was that the government still seems very conservative , even though most of the country was highlighted there as the more progressive part, 
   increasingly squandered potential for superpower status . 
  but i feel like a large part of the europeans do n't really want to become a superpower if that means political integration . 
   there was even a poll last year showing europeans would expect americans to fight to protect europe against foreign threats but when asked how likely they 'd be to fight for america , the number was much smaller . 
  when it 's really needed , things will be different though . 
  however , it 's highly unlikely that the us would need europe ( or the nato ) to help fight to protect the us . 
  mainly because the us 's army is huge and the only borders are canada and mexico . 
  dedicated to europe , but not exclusively for europeans , 
  i can assure you , our news coverage of the us does n't go much further than us elections and us foreign policy . 
  ( netherlands ) . 
  did they have norse food in that particular food festival or something ? 
  are n't those also the most populated areas ? 
  yes same as the dutch ` special provinces ' : aruba , bonaire , sint maarten , sint eustatius and saba . 
  they have so much more content than the mainland . 
  at least it will have have golden trump signs when you pull up to the toll booths, 
  now or at the height of their time ? 
  since they are american comic book companies and culture was less global when comic books were big ( before the internet ) , i 'm assuming it 's mostly an american thing . 
  most days you have an average day at work . 
  some times you have a bad day at work . 
  the day after your bad day you 'll probably have an average day ( because most days are average ) . 
  compared to your bad day , the average day is a lot better . 
  so even by doing nothing , you 'd perform better after a bad day . 
  -- in context , spain had a really bad time before . 
  now it 's doing better , that does n't mean it 's because of the lack of government per se . 
  it * could * be attributed to regression to the mean . 
  ( i have n't studied this example of spain thoroughly so do n't want to make any strong statements ), 
  the government apparatus is still going on with it 's day to day . 
  so public debt is rising as there is no budget control from the federal government . 
  an clear example of regression to the mean is the following ( though not exactly the same ) : there was an airline that measured how well pilots performed . 
  they decided to scold pilots after they performed badly and praise pilots after they performed well . 
  after each scolding they saw that pilots performed better , but saw that they performed worse after a praise . 
  so they ** wrongly ** decided to stop praising them and increased the scolding , because apparently that helps . 
  so what is happening here ? 
  an average pilot on a bad day will probably perform average the day after , because he 's average . 
  also after a good day he will probably perform average . 
  so all they were seeing was regression to the mean . 
  if they did nothing , the day after a bad day they will probably perform better and after a good day they will probably perform worse . 
  because most likely an average pilot will perform average . 
  that 's true , but would n't your travel from the home office to the client count as work ? 
  either way , consultancy is not a job where you work from 9 to 5 in the first place , so i guess it wo n't matter much in the end . 
  i work in academia , so it does n't really matter what they 'd count as working hours for me . 
  either i get my work done , or i do n't . 
  nobody checks what time i come in or go out . 
  as it should !, 
  if you work in a fixed office job , you can choose where to to live and where to apply for jobs . 
  both, 
  there is some scientific evidence it works though , but what i remember from a few years back they are expensive . 
  you use them during the day so your body knows it 's day time . 
  makes me wonder , are those blue lights you can buy popular in finland ? 
  they mimic the wave length our eyes/brain responds for controlling the melatonin levels ( not sure about the exact mechanism but it 's also the reason why looking at phone screens and laptops is so bad for your sleep cycle ), 
  over prescription of strong contraceptives is also a problem though ( diane among others ) . 
  it can be a killer for the female libido among other problems . 
  send them back as in , arrest them and hand them over to turkish authorities . 
  i 'd take greece over egypt and syria any day . 
  they fled with a helicopter to greece . 
  they were arrested for illegal entry into the country but have n't been sent back yet . 
  they have asked political asylum . 
  than have n't studied it well . 
  a refresher then : if markets work well , then no they should n't interfere . 
  but lots of markets are n't efficient . 
  if there are negative externalities the market will over produce . 
  like overfishing , it up to a government to prevent it ( by capping how much you can fish or raising taxes on fishing ) . 
  if there are large informational asymmetries , maybe they can ensure information sharing . 
  this is why false advertisement is illegal . 
  they should ensure competition in markets etc. 
  in case of the credit crisis with large debt overhang , debt relief or debt restructuring is an option although it has moral hazard problems . 
  the us handled this better . 
  the us and eu both forced banks to lower leverage ratios and recapitalise . 
  where the us forced banks to raise equity , in europe banks just sold of parts of their balance sheets which prolonged the recession more . 
  lastly there are situations that you might not want to leave up to profit maxjmizing firms , like hospitals . 
  in which you completely blow past the point of governments being able to increase welfare . 
  yes i 've read them . 
  seems like you just want to spend your time insulting people , instead of educating yourself on public economics . 
  but i guess the raging hard on you get from insulting people on the net prevents from that . 
  in the case of tax havens , yes probably . 
  12.5 % is still a large amount if so many companies settle there . 
  yes that 's one to many, 
  dude wtf are you ranting on about ?
