  i think it says non-white party , or i can just not find what you mean . 
  anyways . 
  the non-white party i think he referred to is a party formed by two dutch politicians from turkish decent , who according to some market themselves as the party to vote for if you 're not white . 
  they had another prominent member who was of suriname decent , but she quickly split and formed her own party . 
  and in a more abstract form this probably goes back millenia . 
  economic depression  the masses get poorer  the masses are unhappy  the masses want change  someone promises change  the masses follow that someone . 
  [ a source ] ( https://www.google.nl/amp/amp.livescience.com/33652-americans-brits-accents.html ) . 
  there are many more if you google it, 
  and apparently american english is closer to what the brits spoke a few hundred years ago than british english, 
   the role of trump 's advocate , i see what you did there ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  yes, 
  move to the nordics and spent holidays in spain, 
  you have n't noticed the large movements of the scandinavian people in the summer yet  ? 
  given that the government of poland was discussing whether the [ teletubbies ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6698753.stm ) were appropriate because the purple one might be gay , that should n't have been a surprise . 
  we have experience in stealing land from the sea . 
  also i 'm not so sure on whether i agree in taking the uk into this union . 
  i was never worried about that ... just gross values are a bad way to compare countries . 
  yeah contribution per capita minus eu subsidies is what you should be looking at ... a group of a 100 people that contributes 50 $ is less impressive then a group of 20 people contributing 30 $ . 
  edit : i 'm not trying to make italy look bad , in none of my comments . 
  but just offering perspective . 
  i 'm not saying they 'll be poor , i 'm saying a list of countries by gdp is not useful to compare countries within the eu as it will mostly coincide with population size, 
  it does n't make any difference for the list . 
  but it has implications outside of list making ... 
  the only reason it is the fourth is that it has big population ... 
  in fact , that top 4 is almost the as the european countries by population if you exclude russia and turkey . 
  which is why i said 40 % heritable ( which implies 60 % environment ), 
   seems to be some validity behind the thesis that iq is hereditary `` some '' validity , you say , but it 's already the consensus among geneticists that iq is hereditary . 
  educational attainment estimated to be 40 % heritable ( not sure how much iq is specifically , you need more qualities than iq to be good in school ) and they 've already identified quite some locations in the genome that are highly associated with educational attainment , but the majority have very small effect sizes . 
  there has also been some evidence that there has been negative selection against these causal variants in the last century . 
  you can find it worrisome or you can not care . 
  the debate is controversial , but the science is just what it is . 
  i 've always had this plan in the back of my head to move to a nordic country , have kids there and then after 5 years move back . 
  or just stay depending on how i like it ... parental benefits in the netherlands is kind of shit . 
  maternity leave is okay , but paternity leave is pretty much non-existent ( 3 days or something ) . 
  and daycare is very expensive . 
  so have the netherlands and finland . 
  iirc finland never used the 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  netherlands started rounding in 2004 , they also used to do rounding with their former currency before the euro . 
  for 99 % of purchases i use a card . 
  when i do have cash , all coins go into a penny jar at home , except for 1-2 cent ones i accumulate when i 'm abroad , those i just throw away . 
  the majority in the netherlands pays by card as well . 
  especially now that just tapping your card has become so common , it 's so convenient . 
  i just through them away ... 
  i never accumulate enough for them to be worth anything . 
  so that 1 won coin is worth 0.08 cents ? 
  that 's useless, 
  the netherlands does n't use them either . 
  everything is rounded to 5 cents , like we used to do when we had guilders . 
  i have no use for 5 cent coins either though . 
  they 're just annoying . 
  small chance he ends up in government , nobody wants to form a coalition with them . 
  given that the results were 51.9 % -48.1 % , you ca n't convincingly say a hard brexit is what the voters want . 
  it shows a highly divided country . 
  a small majority is unhappy with the status quo , but almost half of the people wanted to stay . 
  this leaves room for finding a middle ground ( either by staying and renegotiating or leaving eu and staying in the single market ) . 
  city state or not , they still have more than twice the inhabitants of tuvalu !, 
  and monaco has less than half the population of reykjavik . 
  that 's how you 'll always be disappointed :(, 
  got ta keep that austrians out right !, 
  at the same time they saved europe ( together with canada , the uk and russia , though the latter afterwards destroyed eastern europe ) . 
  it was mutually beneficial , which is always the case when dealing with allied countries . 
  you ca n't really see the two seperate though . 
  a lot of the root causes of ww2 lie in ww1 . 
   the dollar is a side-effect of being the biggest economy . 
  well and a direct effect of the bretton woods monetary system . 
  they were the biggest and most stable shortly after ww2 . 
  thus in the new world economy the deal was : us upholds the gold standard , every other currency will peg it 's currency to the us . 
  in order to peg your currency to a foreign currency you need to buy massive amounts of that currency . 
  so that really enforced the dollar to being the undisputed international currency . 
  though the euro was getting stronger up until -- you know -- greece happened ... 
   many currency backed themself with us dollars after getting out of the gold standard . 
  no this was an international agreement long before that . 
  us dollar pegs to the gold standard , rest of the countries peg to the us dollar , that was the deal that was struck ( bretton woods if you want to google it ) . 
  the us benefited a lot from that deal , but well our fathers and grandfathers were n't forced into that deal . 
  in reality ww1 and ww2 destroyed europe and gave the us an advantage over europe politically and economically . 
  well it 's just one character off , or does change the meaning a lot ? 
  the dutch never really tried to convert local populations as far as i know . 
  they also did n't really pressure the locals to learn dutch , at least not like the english did . 
  spain , portugal and greece mostly . 
  it was cartoons and games for me , but same point really . 
   the first color has a 0.5 bandwidth , then it jumps to 4.5 . 
  that 's ridiculous and is not how data should be categorized . 
  the second colour has 1 bandwidth . 
  why should it be linear ? 
   there 's nothing to gain from this map other than that the u.s. has more homicide is n't that enough information already ? 
  o wow totally forgot about that . 
  have n't done that since i was a kid . 
  we celebrate two days in the netherlands , 25th and 26th . 
  and very few celebrate christmas eve on 24th as well . 
  usually one day you go to one side of the family and the other day you go to the other side of the family . 
  now with divorced parents being more common young couples like myself try to squeeze seeing 4 families in that short period of time . 
  luckily our country is quite small . 
  we do n't have traditional christmas foods , but most families will cook something fancy . 
  o did n't know they were classified as a different languages . 
  did know about the frisians in denmark and germany . 
  not true though . 
  maybe you mixed it up a bit . 
  the closest language to english is frysian , but the closest language to frysian is dutch, 
   this is also effecting your interpretation of wilders comments . 
  yes if moroccan in this context is being used to refer to a set of physical characteristics people that emigrate from morocco all share .
