  ( which i do n't think actually exists , pretty sure moroccan is n't a race and there are multiple races within morocco ) then his comments are n't fair because as you said they would apply to moroccans regardless of how westernized they are or how hard they work to change and integrate . 
  on the other hand if he 's using as a short hand way to refer to a cultural group his argument is fine , imprecise and lazy , but not racist . 
  yes moroccan is n't a race , it is a nationality . 
  you are just transforming this into a pedantic discussion which is n't useful at all . 
  does it matter if he 's racist or ` only ' discriminating against people of a moroccan descent ? 
  ( if you 're of moroccan descent you automatically get the moroccan nationality ), 
   immigrants are not entitled to live in europe by some law of nature except wilders was n't talking about immigrants . 
  there are n't many new immigrants from morocco . 
  they immigrated decades ago after being invited by europeans to come work here . 
  he 's specifically targeting immigrants who came here legally and their descendants , most of whom are dutch nationals with a dutch passport . 
  stem cells still contain dna , they are undifferentiated yes , but they do contain dna . 
  they do n't get that from other cells . 
  with a bone marrow transplant for instance , you get stem cells from another individual . 
  however , the tissue type must match and then still you need immunosuppressive meds . 
   because people were literally starving and freezing to death, 
  i think they do n't count all years . 
  we have mandatory english , german and french for at least a few years , then you get to drop french or german afterwards . 
  well , the uk pushed their languages more on their colonies than the netherlands for instance did . 
  i think they do n't count all years . 
  as in the netherlands you have english , french and german mandatory for at least a few years . 
  then you get to drop french or german afterwards . 
  true , i learned a lot of my english from watching cartoon network . 
  studying french does not mean we speak it well . 
  i had french , german and english as foreign languages . 
  one i 'm fairly fluent in , the others ... let 's just say i know how to order two beers . 
  we 're blond , not ginger : / . 
  well most of us anyways . 
   christmas trees christmas trees do n't have anything to do with christianity :(, 
  but the responsibility and planning of it makes it so that you can take better care of yourself if you end up single again . 
  not in younger generations . 
  related fact : women under 30 make more money then men now ( after controlling for education etc ) . 
  but older generations , it 's still the case . 
  it 's also difficult to change if you 've been a housewife for so long . 
  and there are many more women working part-time then men . 
  if your immune system would n't destroy them somehow , their dna is not your dna , so , i think , slowly but surely you would n't be the same person anymore . 
  which , seems to me , is mostly a cultural by-product of having women doing the bulk of the housework . 
  that username : / . 
  do you speak dutch or is it a coincidence ? 
  some thing when they were 1 $ . 
  then i punched myself in the head when they were valued at 200 $ . 
  now they are in the thousands and i keep thinking i should have bought them when they were 200 $ . 
  now i 'm just afraid the bubble is gon na burst so i put it out of my mind . 
  some thing when they were 1 $ . 
  then i punched myself in the head when they were valued at 200 $ . 
  now they are in the thousands and i keep thinking i should have bought them when they were 200 $ . 
  now i 'm just afraid the bubble is gon na burst so i put it out of my mind . 
  those specifically would be filtered out after a psych eval . 
  it should n't matter for fully emotionally stable people . 
   and the implication that trump is homophobic that 's pretty much the idea people get when he chose mike pence as vp . 
  plus the banning of trans people from the military does n't help, 
  this [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_estonia#world_war_ii_and_the_estonian_ssr ) explains it better, 
  it 's funny how in the us liberal only means socially liberal , while in the rest of the world , liberal just refers to [ liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism ) in general . 
  in the spanish language , yes . 
  in the english language , americans means citizens of the us . 
  it 's just a language difference . 
  well yeah ... in the caribbean, 
  we have [ that one hill in limburg ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/ac_vaalserberg.jpg/1920px-ac_vaalserberg.jpg ) we like to call a [ mountain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ), 
  does n't matter now , because you can roam for free in all of the eu with all eu providers . 
  sure , but i still fail to see how it 's a proof of the us lobby when the minority of flag carriers in the eu flies with boeing, 
  how is that proof ? 
  do you think airbus does n't lobby ? 
  not the truth tho , bus loads of them go to the zaanse schans , volendam , rotterdam and some even to eindhoven . 
  lol , this seems like a bad way to categorise them . 
  15-30 % and 30 % + , only one country in the last category , which is exactly 30 % . 
   except the right to adopt kids as a couple . 
  which is a pretty big thing considering gay men ca n't biologically have kids with each other, 
  registered life partnerships wo n't change right ? 
  so that 's not past tense . 
  i got free entry tickets to a party once , upon entry you were suddenly forced to donate 5 $ to charity . 
  suddenly it did n't feel like free entry . 
  ( also the charity was a kinda shitty over donated charity ), 
  also , if something is a calculated risk , then even if you 've calculated right and understood everything there is still a chance you lose . 
  otherwise it would n't be a risk, 
  the article is in english . 
  the vlog is in dutch but it does n't explain anything . 
  it 's just a vlog . 
  i 'm glad you like it here . 
  so what 's your opinion on dutch-chinese take out ? 
  to me it tastes nothing like food in china , though i have n't been there in 15 years and i find it strange that so many chinese immigrants cook this food . 
  i wonder if they eat similar food themselves . 
  explain how that makes the us more progressive or left than europe . 
  i 'm not saying the us has less limits to free speech . 
  i was never talking about that , you brought it up . 
  us has almost no limits to free speech , most european countries put the limit at hate speech , inciting hate or encouraging discrimination . 
  in the netherlands geert wilders could say pretty much anything until he said he was going to take care of getting less moroccans . 
  and even then he was found guilty without getting any fine . 
  explain how that fact makes one country more or less progressive or explain how that makes the us more left wing . 
  because i ca n't . 
  also you 're linking to a court case involving turkey , like that provides any usefulness . 
   the eu might have gained a couple of more years , but it will not survive . 
  this is not a fact at all, 
  so your two points are the lack of media coverage of eu elections and the number of meps ? 
  the first thing is not a fault of the eu but the media you consume and a general disinterested public . 
  the second point is hardly a reason to leave the eu . 
  you 're not stating facts at all , just a personal prediction of yourself . 
  no , peace and piss are english words so most people pronounce them like they should be , and they 'll have a different pronunciation . 
  preferring limits to freedom of speech ( against hate speech ) or gun rights -- is that less progressive in your eyes ? 
  also , drug laws and homosexual rights have less limits where i 'm from and i do n't see how that is not progressive . 
  i mean , it makes it controversial in an extra way . 
  tax evasion is one thing , but a government owned company doing tax evasion is wrong on a second level .
