  and if you gon na say something racist , at least do n't deny being racist . 
  you 're welcome ? 
  yeah , idk who 'd want to take those idiots either . 
  edit : but seriously . 
  my point was : the correct thing to do would probably be some sort of counseling . 
  teach ppl how not to be dicks . 
  treat them like human beings , ffs . 
  but apparently this requires too much time or money . 
  so the only `` viable '' alternatives are a ) ignore , b ) prison , or c ) deportation . 
  that 's crazy and stupid . 
  how does this relate to the discussion ? 
   you had your life threatened for not conforming to a religious belief system in high school ? 
  i had my life threatened for being a guy with long hair . 
  i 've had my life threatened for being friends with the wrong people . 
  one guy at my school had his life threatened ofr being fat and having a stutter . 
  even as an adult , i 've been assaulted and had my life threatened for rallying for the wrong soccer-club . 
  i 've been assaulted for dressing and behaving `` like a woman '' ( i 'm not gay , trans , or whatever - my assailant just thought i was ) . 
  idk why i 'm even telling you this . 
  this is none of your business . 
  go back to hating muslims . 
  what do you think `` integration '' means ? 
  streamlining the whole population into uniformity of opinion and belief ? 
  pfft , good luck with that . 
  i suggest you start with the bavarians . 
  i do see both sides . 
  i 'm not saying `` all germans are racists !!! 11 '' . 
  but many are . 
  not `` evil '' . 
  not `` nazis '' . 
  just racist . 
  and i agree : the people despise crime . 
  but most despise crimes committed by foreigners more than crimes committed by german nationals . 
  immigrants are held to higher standards and expected to be better citizens than most of the native germans will ever be . 
  that 's hypocritical . 
  i changed it to `` abused '' . 
  i 'd like to add : either way - it 's not far off from the shit that i ( and many others ) have had to endure during high school . 
  nobody ever called for my abuser 's deportation . 
  'cause `` boys will be boys . '', 
  - you know ? 
  / u/mchonkers got the point i was trying to make . 
  there 's so much shit happening in our streets every day . 
  and people chose to ignore it . 
  every day . 
  it 's not their business . 
  they do n't give a shit . 
  `` well , that 's bad . 
  but what 're you gon na do ... '' - two drunk teenagers pissing on a passed-out homeless guy in front of the train station ( `` b/c it 's fun , lol '' ) ? 
  hundreds of ppl walk past and look the other way . 
  - someone burned down a housing facility for refugees ? 
  well , politicians need listen to the people and to take their fears more serious . 
  - rivaling soccer fans vandalizing pubs and bashing their heads in . 
  meh ... drunks will be drunks . 
  it 's saturday afternoon - what 'd you expect ? 
  - a guy threatening another guy with a hammer and making racist insults ? 
  in the middle of a busy street , in broad daylight ? 
  dozens of people walk by and just ignore it . 
  - a guy got stabbed by neo-nazis b/c he wore a shirt with a political slogan ? 
  well , he probably had it coming . 
  what was he doing in that part of town anyways ? 
  everyone knows it 's a no-go area for lefties and foreign-looking ppl ... 
  but a muslim abusing a christian guy b/c of conflicting religious beliefs or habits ? 
  unacceptable !!!, 
  throw 'em out !!!, 
  people could just choose to ignore this shit - like they do with all the other shit every day . 
  but they do n't . 
  b/c `` muslim '' . 
  and b/c some people are racist assholes ( even though they might deny it ) . 
  surprisingly it does n't , no . 
  even though most ppl do n't have a problem tolerating the native-german assholes around here , they are remarkably intolerant when the perpetrators are in some way * foreign * . 
  two punkass teenagers urinating on a passed-out homeless guy in front of the train station ? 
  not my business - look the other way ... muslim immigrants spitting on a christian immigrant ? 
  kick them out !!!!, 
  maybe it 's b/c ppl are bigoted racists ? 
  well ... 
  most ppl do n't have a problem tolerating the native-german assholes around here . 
  two punkass teenagers urinating on a passed-out homeless guy in front of the train station ? 
  not my business - look the other way ... muslim immigrants ~ ~ spitting on ~ ~ abusing a christian ? 
  kick them out !!!, 
  just no . 
  what you just said is stupid and you know it . 
  they might not talk as much shit as you 'd like them to . 
  but neither politicians nor newspapers are gagged by leftist media or political correctness , or whatever you 'd like to make / r/europe believe . 
  again : you 're being delusional . 
  i suggest you get your head out of your arse . 
  read some actual newspapers . 
  watch major political talkshows . 
  check out the news-websites , esp . 
  the comment sections ( spoiler : 80 % of the comments will be delusional rightwingers whining about how their views are being censored b/c political correctnes and liberal media ) . 
  look at the policies that are currently being debated and made in germany ( spoiler : asylum / refugee rights are to become more strict ; deportations to be handled quicker ) . 
  if you 've done all that and still feel like the mainstream is too liberal and overly tolerant , then you probably are in fact a `` racist shitbag '' ( so do n't get offended when ppl call you that ) . 
  no offence . 
  just saying . 
  please , get out of your bubble . 
  just take a look into one of the the major german newspapers ( zeit , s\u00fcddeutsche , faz , welt ) and you 'll see : you can talk shit about islam and muslims as much as you want . 
  if you 're really feeling oppressed by a tiny minority of lefties and their news-outlets , your perception of reality is seriously distorted . 
  yeah - and please also kick out 1/3rd of the native german population b/c they are also huge dicks who do n't live up to `` our societal standards '' . 
  thanks !, 
  nah , i think you 're mistaken . 
  but once they can live on their own and amongst their own , they will bother other people a lot less . 
  just like your average bigot german citizen .
