  1st - i was asking a genuine question ( where does a certain piece of information come from ) . 
  i 'm not sticking up for anybody . 
  2nd - who raped whom ? 
  i did n't say anything about rape , nor did the article . 
  3rd - yes , i 'm german . 
  but i do n't see how that 's relevant to the discussion . 
   the most likely is that they came in with the tide of refugees . 
  if you think so , fine . 
  you 're probably right . 
  but honestly , i do n't think that 's that important . 
  i do n't want to argue who these people are or why they 're here . 
  maybe i should n't have responded at all . 
   tourists ( which covers the friends and family thing ) have been coming to germany for decades without an incident like this . 
  sooo ... let 's just call this unlikely . 
  well , depends who these tourists are and what they 're here for . 
  during the 2006 soccer wold cup , there were lots and lots of ( european ) tourists who came to germany to : watch soccer , get drunk , vandalize nightclubs and cities , molest and harass women , start fights . 
  it was a crowd of 1000 people , most of whom were just there to get drunk & celebrate the new year . 
  just random people . 
  among this crowd of 1000 random people where approximately 180 who are suspected of the crimes . 
  and 31 of these suspects are known by name * to the police * , because they were stopped and their data recorded by the police that night . 
  nobody said that they all knew each other . 
  i did n't make a statement as to what ther actual status is . 
  just that there 're many more possibilities besides them being refugees . 
  also : no , there 's no need or requirement to speak any german at all when you come here to visit friends or family , as a tourist , for work-related reasons , or to study at a german university ( many universities offer masters or doctorate programs exclusively in english ) . 
  so you 'd be in favour of deporting german criminals as well , if it were feasible ? 
  since thay ca n't be deported to another country , could n't they just be locked up forever ? 
  or forced to live in reservations ? 
  but which is which ? 
  countries ' reputations for being this or that have always been more on the `` feels '' side of things , rather than being based on facts . 
  one of us also has reputation for great philosphy and engineering , the other for colonialism , global warfare and their backwards attitude towards monarchy . 
  no , you 're mistaken . 
  there was a crowd of ~ 1000 drunk people who gathered in front of the k\u00f6ln train station that night . 
  among that crowd were `` groups of north african men '' who are suspected of various crimes , mostly theft . 
  the police are looking for about 180 suspects , 31 of which are known by name . 
  exactly my reaction when the brits / englishmen came over for the soccer world cup in 2006 . 
  what do you expect from those savages ? 
  of course they 'd get drunk , molest women , and vandalize the cities ... 
  where in the article does it say that they 're suspected of rape ? 
   both their phones were traced back to refugee camps . 
  source ? 
  i could n't find that bit in the article . 
  idk , i 'm not an expert . 
  i 'm just wondering why many ppl here apparently think that non-german criminals should be treated differently than german criminals ? 
  so you are against spending tax money on state-prisons / prisoners ? 
   stolen mobile phones tracked down in refugee camps source ? 
  ca n't find this bit in the article . 
  edit : so , apparently this is a known fact that 's been reportet by other german news outlets ( e.g. 
   who entered the country illegally . 
  where does it say they were illegal immigrants ? 
  also : rape ? 
  nowhere in the article does it say whether they 've been charged with a crime , nor what crime they 're suspected of . 
  are you just pulling this stuff out your arse ? 
  on another note : why should they be deported , instead of being tried for their crimes like any other person would ? 
   i wonder what should be done with them . 
  same thing that would be done to a german who sexually harasses or steals from women ? 
  this exactly . 
  man , use your imagiation . 
  they could be international students , tourists , visiting friends , been born in germany to tunesian or maroccan parents who live in germany as students or have a work-permit , etc etc, 
  i said it in another comment : those people joined is to to form an * islamic state * . 
  they no longer identify as citizens of any existing states . 
  they 're fighting for a state-to-be . 
  islamic nationalists are just as much a thing as kurdish , uighur , basque , ... nationalists . 
  they all do n't have an existing state . 
  nonetheless they fight for their own state and identify as a nation . 
  as far as i know , it is not clear which territories is are claiming for themselves exactly . 
  they do , however , reject the existing states and borders ( especially those in the middle east and northern africa , which had been introduced by british and french colonialists ) and want to conquer and unify all the territories that they claim are historically muslim land . 
  so they 'd be nationalists for a state-to-be - not any existing state . 
  also they 've formed a strong ethnic identity that revolves around common history , mythology , religion , language , culture , and lived experiences . 
  so i think they fit all the necesssary criteria . 
  yes , that would be racist too . 
  it has nothing to do with `` white guilt '' btw - at least not in my case . 
  all i 'm saying is : the practice of treating foreigners any different from citizens is inherently racist . 
  maybe i misunderstood your comment , but i want to say one thing : if the paris attacks were indeed carried out by the `` islamic state '' , then they were in fact committed by nationalists : * islamic * nationalists , who are fighting for an * islamic state * . 
  reducing movements like is to religion and religion alone is a gross misrepresentation . 
  nationalism is a huge factor in what they 're doing and why / for what they 're doing it . 
  yeah , that 's just ... like ... your opinion ... man . 
  well , why not ? 
  the only `` good '' reason for treating foreigners differently differently from the native population is this : because they 're foreigners . 
  that 's racist . 
  if people think it 's ok to do so - fine . 
  we could argue about it or just move on and accept that there 're different opinions on the matter . 
  either way : * denying * that this practice is inherently racist is just stupid . 
  i do n't think i advocated for anyone there . 
  i , too , think that those guys are huge assholes . 
  i was talking about the reporting on this stuff in the german media , which has big racist undertones . 
  it ' true . 
  i 'm not saying that to offend or insult anyone . 
  when i call someone `` racist '' , i mean it . 
  also , i did n't say `` you are a racist shitbag ! '' . 
  i said `` if you do x , y , z - then you probably are ... '' . 
  there 's a difference . 
  * omg , some random dude on the internet called me a racist , just b/c i said some racist shit !, 
  i 'm being oppressed by political correctness and communist-liberal media !, 
  buhuuuu ... * this is the real problem : people spew racist stuff without even realizing it . 
  when someone calls them out for their racism ( note : not `` censoring '' them . 
  just telling them : hey , that 's pretty racist . ), 
  they get all upset and defensive ( `` muh freedum of opinion ! '' ) . 
  i do n't have power to censor anyone - and i do n't want to . 
  ppl can be racist as much as they want . 
  but pleeaaase : think about what you 're saying .
