how many ? 
  usa can be taking 100000 syrians minimum with the green card programs they already have . 
  how come the usa is not taking these refugees like the vietnamese ? 
  they armed the rebels and now the rebels are terrorizing the population . 
  you talk like muslims and british are two groups that do not overlap . 
  is that how it really is ? 
  there are born in britain british muslims right ? 
  are the british muslims considered foreigners who should leave like the jews of germany ? 
  let more what ? 
  they are human , some are good , some bad . 
  if you think they are any shittier than the all very enlightened and moral people living in europe , you know the ones that feel happy if a boat of migrants drown and never ever commit crime , you do not really understand european people . 
  because sweden is not filled with rapists and not everybody wanting to flee war is a rapist ? 
  you want everybody to close borders and stop tourism because some tourists rape , steal and do crime ? 
  you will still read about violent crime , rape and maybe even terrorist attacks committed by british , french and other europe citizens . 
  the news reports crime , not normal people carrying on with their normal lives . 
  reading about the rapes commited by english pedophile mps who make stupid expense claims means all english are pedos who steal , amirite right wing shills ? 
  how many germans are protesting for a referendum on the refugee issue on the streets of germany ? 
  are you even german and which party do you support ? 
  germany elected merkel and the cdu so before they can vote these politicians out they have to deal with what the current government decide since they elected them . 
  all germans ? 
  are most germans stupid savages or is it just the neo nazis ? 
  i assume most normal germans are not burning down public buildings that is built , maintained and repaired by their own tax money . 
  she said syrians right ? 
  why does it seem like everybody outside germany has a terrible , polemical view of the situation yet people who actually live in germany do not ? 
  they are not going to use it . 
  better late than never to share this . 
  lol coontown and r \\ europeans straight up brigading now ? 
  not a recent immigrant , second generation so she is british . 
   the baby can and must absolutely be thrown out with the bathwater if the few bad eggs i think this is naive . 
  who are the bad eggs and who should be thrown out ? 
  all immigrants ? 
  i support a tighter policy . 
  the problem is that there are huge muslim communities from pakistan , iraq , iran , syria , who fled and settled in europe , got british citizenship and the ones born here are still getting radicalised . 
  you can not throw citizens out unless they commit treason by leaving to join a jihadi terrorist group . 
  many of the british born pakistani bring their pakistani born pakistani families over , what is incredibly poor social engineering is that some communities have completely insulated themselves . 
  they do n't report crime , the women do n't leave the house , the children leave school young , some do n't speak english at all , the men are in gangs , they shop at pakistani shops , pray 10 times a day at the mosques . 
  that is the cancer . 
  the kids do not stand a chance because they are taken out of education early and struggle on the fringe of society , causing trouble , if not as a terrorist then a thief . 
  you can not throw out entire communities or people and the politicians are too scared , lazy , apathetic to do anything to solve the problem as it grows bigger . 
  you are from singapore , your country has a successful policy of integrating muslims and immigrants as it is small , perhaps you can suggest some solutions of what singapore does right , but europe is much larger and complicated . 
  there are those who have integrated well in european society , i will be one of the minority in r/europe to say , but my dentist is a lovely second generation iranian and there are many well integrated , productive moderate muslim members of society who adapt to the europe lifestyle . 
  i do not know how serious you are that cricket or sports teams are absolute tests of patriotism . 
  there are so many asians , americans and africans who support european national football teams living in their own country . 
  i have dual swedish/uk citizenship and i support sweden because i was born and raised there . 
  one group 's crime does not diminish the severity of the other group 's crime . 
  see my other posts i am all for immigrants who respect laws , language and culture , the chinese , japanese , south americans , australians come here and integrate ok . not misogynistic and backward muslims who start pedophile gangs . 
  this is why the bavarian school warns the girls . 
  in england the pakistani muslims got away with child sex abuse for 20 years because the police did not want to investigate their sex gangs . 
  all the sex gangs are made up of muslims who target non muslim girls . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9253250/rochdale-grooming-trial-police-accused-of-failing-to-investigate-paedophile-gang-for-fear-of-appearing-racist.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rochdale_sex_trafficking_gang https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/derby_sex_gang https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peterborough_sex_abuse_case https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telford_sex_gang https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxford_sex_gang https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bristol_sex_gang, 
   you are the reason euro is so weak and will collapse within 20 years . 
  til / u/scimitar1 is the reason for the weak euro and eurozone crisis , not ecb 's monetary policy or a greece exit . 
  you see the `` war on terror '' as legitimate pretext , i do not buy into that spiel . 
  `` terrorists '' is a term that gets misused to justify extrajudicial state violence , it used to be `` communists '' . 
  usa does not use the same disproportionate force on american terrorists like the boston bomber or the white supremacist church gunman , they give those terrorists a long and public trial . 
  the civilians getting bombed and getting their homes destroyed as collateral damage in pakistan are no different from civilians in sweden or romania . 
  did they find bush 's weapons of mass destruction ? 
  bombing civilians in drone attacks on terror suspects does not contribute to homeless refugees at all right ? 
  did you read , that is why i said refugees from countries with sharia law is the problem . 
  the immigration process should be strict . 
  make them learn about alcohol , beer and wine , ban the niqab like france , monitor the mosques . 
  if they do not like and protest , tell them to go to uae or qatar . 
  those countries are rich and muslim . 
  usa starts wars in vietnam , iraq and afganistan and europe has to take in the refugees who flee for their lives ? 
  it is disgusting that your comment is downvoted and the comment above is upvoted . 
  really r/europe ? 
  refugees from the vietnam war integrated successfully . 
  immigrants from south america , usa and china integrate successfully . 
  the refugees from countries that have strict sharia law is the problem , when they come to europe they must be told that we do not recognize sharia law as law , they should be monitored , the mosques should be monitored , they should study and pass culture and language tests or face repatriation . 
   people need to be killed . 
   usa guy here what a surprise . 
  do n't leave usa ok . 
   adapt to the culture of the society which gave them shelter i want to see this as a condition for immigration from countries which practice sharia or else how can they integrate ? 
  too many come and behave like they are still in pakistan , afghanistan and syria , they want to live according to sharia law and consider the european lifestyle haram . 
  somebody said it is like going to watch football and getting angry that they do not play hockey . 
  honour killing happens outside india , if you look at the wikipedia article every country has cases of murders usually involving the muslims . 
  gays have been bashed or disowned by their family for being gay in for example muslim and catholic communities , the westboro church is infamous for doing this . 
  i am not well versed as you , [ is honor killing really not religious ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing ) a muslim man in court said he has to be faithful to allah and murder his daughter for rejecting arranged marriage or breaking curfews or something . 
  are fights with high body counts among the catholics , christians , hindus , muslims and sikhs not because of religion ? 
  no , they should not kill more , the economical justification is that more lost youths who have no education or jobs will be prone to radicalisation . 
  [ china had the cultural revolution which was anti religious ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_china#20th.e2.80.9421st_century ) . 
  they burned and destroyed religious texts , idols and places of worship and jailed relgious leaders . 
  a long time after that they had a stigma associated with religion . 
  there are still fundamentalist muslim terrorists in xinjiang . 
  they had problems with fundamentalist christians a long time ago in the taiping rebellion . 
  [ india has religious violence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_violence_in_india#modern_india ) , they believe in honour killing , tribal fights and rapes , child marriage , because of religion . 
  in the west people do n't really care unless they rape tourists because they are not terrorizing us , they terrorize people in their own country . 
  edit : / u/jamsambuck  i do n't see indians and chinese kill and terrorize as many people as muslims i think you make a big mistake in assuming there are no muslims in china or india . 
  this is false . 
  there are muslims in xinjiang , china . 
  muslim is a religion not a nationality or ethnicity like swedish , indian or chinese . 
  i have seen blonde muslim converts in sweden . 
  needs more nice bums ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   his prophet was n't good are there any good prophets ? 
  all religion has outlived usefulness . 
  now we have fundamentalists and crazy extremists who are criminals that use religion as an excuse to form mafia like terrorist groups and recruit aimless youths who will believe anything if you promise to feed them and give them a brotherhood . 
  that is the reason why terrorism is so big in third world countries , it is easy to recruit an army of child soldiers into a muslim jihad terrorist group because they have no food , no education , no future . 
  there are many aimless youths in europe now because of immigration from muslim countries and shitty integration . 
  that is the cancer .
