the idea of large banks relocating to madrid is er ... yeah . 
  laughable . 
  these guys like stability and prosperity , spain offers neither of those . 
  if they do relocate it will be to a northern country . 
  calling it now - this wo n't happen . 
  6 months, 
  because the cayman islands is a tax haven , you ca n't actually do business there or set up a hq . 
  britain is a large market in itself and is very well suited for global headquarters . 
  only for financial service companies . 
  anyone who does n't work in financial services does n't give a damn about it . 
  then scrap it altogether and watch european companies flock to the uk . 
  i said `` english speaking people '' . 
  you really think france could have beaten germany without the uk , canada , anzac ? 
   france and uk would 've won without us help . 
  that 's not an opinion i 've ever heard from a historian . 
  america is generally credited for turning the tide of the first world war on the western front . 
  considering that france was saved from the germans [ not once ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i ) but [ twice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_2 ) by english-speaking people , you 'd think they 'd be a little more gracious . 
  edit frenchies are pissed off at this post . 
  [ happy trafalgar day , frenchies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_trafalgar ) rule britannia . 
  unless they claim asylum . 
  if they claim asylum it may be impossible to deport them , even if they commit a crime . 
  he might feel differently once constantinople is back in christian hands . 
  fuck turkey . 
  `` i do n't hate black people , just curly black hair and thick lips '', 
  why do you hate the working class so much, 
  `` a hurdle '' . 
  hardly . 
  hundreds of thousands of people from the rest of the world have come to the uk to work in the nhs , including members of my family . 
  why should it be any harder doing so from the eu ? 
  i suspect you 've got a lot of your information from the bbc/guardian . 
  i assure you eastern europeans will still be flocking to work in the nhs , come what may . 
  remain lied a lot . 
  how many times did you see people on tv promising a recession if we left ? 
  how many business leaders pledged to leave the uk following a brexit vote ? 
  both sides lie in political debates , but when one side controls the media it 's easy to forget that . 
  this . 
  a bunch of people * who were n't in the government * made promises about what the government could do . 
  obviously they ca n't keep such promises because they do n't have the power do . 
  you may as well run a story about the green party not being able to implement their manifesto . 
  remainers control the entire media , the house of commons , and most of the government . 
  let them pretend that this one bullshit promise - * made by people who had no power to implement such a promise * - somehow invalidates everything . 
  how the hell does brexit mean that people ca n't immigrate to britain to work ? 
  that is so bigoted and ignorant . 
  england is a right-wing country . 
  do n't like it , lump it . 
  not like those honest remainers eh ? 
  just look at how fucked up our economy is , how many foreign firms have pulled out !, 
  erm ... 
  because only stormfronters want to deport foreign criminals , right ? 
  do n't you hate it when your point gets btfo but you still feel an urge to reply ? 
  next time i advise just moving on and finding something else to get pent up about . 
  if you 're from a country that tortures criminals , do n't commit a crime that 'll get you deported . 
  i have no obligation to care about the welfare of someone from a foreign country who has raped , assaulted or killed someone . 
  the guardian is irrelevant . 
  nobody important reads it and it 's editorial stance is so corbynite it 's a laughing stock . 
  it makes it very difficult to deport foreign criminals . 
  god damn italy get your shit together . 
  he could be using a proxy . 
  i doubt an american would care enough about brexit to troll reddit over it . 
  the human rights act does n't actually do anything . 
  i do n't think anyone believes that the uk will become a brutal police state once it 's abolished . 
  unpopular ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i think most people think that if someone from a foreign country commits a crime , they should be forcefully deported , regardless of what might happen to him . 
  nothing . 
  member states constantly ignore it and no punitive action is taken . 
  trump is polling 33 % among hispanics , that 's 6 % up on the 2012 election . 
  there 's no reason at all to assume that hispanics will always vote democrat , they have the same social issues and opinions as whites . 
  the polls are trending towards trump at the minute , though there are always outliers in either direction . 
  i followed anthony wells ' blog on uk opinion polls throughout the brexit vote . 
  he basically said that pollsters had things like referendums for exactly the reasons you set out , so they have no way of knowing how reliable their polls are , and it was the same with the scottish referendum too . 
  you think that `` gbp value '' is a metric of economic progress ? 
  i think we 're done here chap . 
  ironically that does not make any less wrong . 
  that was a civil war between parliament and the monarch . 
  it had bugger all to do with popular protests . 
  no great surprise to me that a remain voter is ignorant of our own history . 
  protesting has never done anything . 
  the only value it serves is as a precursor to a violent revolution , which britain has never had . 
  it has nothing to do with maths and everything to do with statistics . 
  the way that most people think about the brexit vote is that it was 52/48 . 
  but yes , if you want to be pedantic the number of people who voted in support of the eu was only 16.141 million , or 34.74 % of the eligible electorate . 
   it 's estimated that if another vote happened , voting remain would win by a landslide ( due to what happened / still is happening to the uk economy ) . 
  going to need a source on this , because the economic boom from brexit , coupled with the remainers lies unravelling , suggests that support for brexit is probably higher now than it was before the election . 
   oh not to mention ... theresa may as pm ... yeah , that did n't go down well with the british public ... [ the last polls show the conservatives 11 % and 12 % ahead of labour . 
  ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/ ) . 
  do you live in the countryside ? 
  right , but we can safely assume that 48 % of british people are dissatisfied with the brexit vote , so it 's hard to see the point of this . 
  uniforms are cheap as shit though . 
  prices in ukraine are very low and the government is a big buyer . 
  because our society refuses to defend itself , instead we have to defend some nebulous concept of `` western values '' . 
  peoples ' clothing reflects the culture that they 're from . 
  if a native society decides that it wants to preserve its cultural identity , it has every right to enforce it . 
  presumably most of them would ignore the european court of human rights . 
  they probably do n't work . 
  and men in their culture wo n't try to interact with them , since it 's forbidden . 
  they avoid men from other cultures entirely . 
  i used to live in an area where i 'd see one or two of them a week , it 's actually kind of creepy . 
  being dressed head to toe in black cloth with only a slit around your eyes exposed , is quite strikingly weird . 
  ah yes , the famed hills of east anglia .
