these comments make me sad . 
  western europe isnt trying to stop anyones economical growth , we applaud it . 
  if you get richer we dont have to pay as much money to the eu which is the primary concern of people in my country about the eu . 
  this attitude by the polish is really disappointing though . 
  i thought poland was a responsible nation of people who were trying to better their country for themselves instead of blaming other people when it doesnt go fast enough . 
  this sub makes me feel so much more negatively towards poland . 
  i always kinda feel bad for germans on the internet ( / r/europe specifically , it being so extremely pro-eu ) . 
  you always have to make these comments because all the southern european delusional people blame you for everything . 
  i just wanted to say that loads of dutch people ( and prolly also lots of scandinavians but i dont know that first hand ) feel the same way and i personally would like to say that i completely agree . 
  also this sub made me so much less pro-eu . 
  so many southern europeans blaming northern europe for their own , entirely homemade problems . 
  and all that after we helped them . 
  at least eastern europeans positively suprised me . 
  im proud of the fact that we are a country that has managed to sustain its own culture rather than being dominated by one of the three great european powers that are close by . 
  i am proud of the fact that we value competence and pragmatism over soaring principles that are impossible to reach . 
  i am proud of the fact that despite our pragmatic nature , we dont leave any of our citizens behind and we dont get influenced by what other countries consider `` proper '' or `` ethical '' . 
  lastly i am proud of our solid trading and scientific culture that has sustained us since our independence . 
  i am overall pretty proud of my country haha . 
  haha im from rotterdam and i would ` nt want to live in amsterdam/utrecht those cities feel so cramped and claustrophobic to me . 
  worst for me would be living far away from a city though ; zeeland or drenthe come to mind . 
  well to each his own i guess . 
  my experiences with turks are very different . 
  for reference i know about 50 turks well enough to occasionally get invited over to their house and ive lived in a neighbourhood with lots of turkish people for 5 years . 
  i know no dutch turk who is indistinguishable from a non turkish dutch ( wo ) man . 
  id say about half of all turkish people i know are in the process towards full integration ( but as of now they are still predominantly very nationalist turks ) , the other half are overcompensating in their turkishness . 
  one of my friends who fit in the first category had his cousin over from turkey and he asked me to show her around in the city and our neighbourhood . 
  she was appalled at how conservative most turks here were and told me that turks werent like that where she was from ( mediterranean coastal city ) . 
  tl dr you are being too optimistic about turkish integration imo . 
  some are trying some arent but only a small number are actually very close to an ethnic dutchman . 
  respected in the sense that you can openly talk about them and try to gain new followers yes . 
  respected in the sense that i cant look down on them or their followers no . 
  this will be interesting because i think there will be pretty big cultural differences between european countries . 
  since you use your credentials as a law student i feel the need to respond as a fellow law student/legal professional . 
  while your comments are not baseless they are very much rooted in the german way of thinking about law . 
  i will start with the positives . 
  i agree completely that the american constitution is not even close to perfect and doesnt warrant the reverance some americans feel towards it . 
  i completely agree with your third point and only disagree with your first point in the sense that procedural rules for admission to the constitutional court can also be in a law other than the constitution . 
  now for the negatives . 
  your second point inaccurately assumes that the human rights are set in stone . 
  a country can , and should , themselves decide what rights they deem so essential that they need to be protected by the constitution . 
  the eternity clause is just undemocratic it is essentially forcing your descendants to think the same way you do . 
  that is very much not what democracy is about in my opinion . 
  your fourth point shows a , to a dutchman , a shocking amount of paternalist thinking . 
  lying and proclaimation of falsehoods about a person are protected by slander and defamation laws . 
  your main point is that people need to be protected against lying politicians and political ideas . 
  you bring up hitler as an example of a demagogue that lied to his people to get elected . 
  this is , in my opinion , untrue . 
  you advocate regulation of thought and emotion in order to make another dritte reich impossible . 
  but in order to do that you bring an orwellian superstate ever closer . 
  from a military pov the us of a is by far our most important ally . 
  economically its germany and culturally its flanders . 
  canada is more emotional and based in gratitude from wwii . 
  thats my opinion at least . 
  for the netherlands : i think germany first ( we are basically their freight forwarding agent/transporter and they are our most important hinterland ; also they usually have the same interests as we do in the eu ) , belgium second ( flemish are our closest cultural connection ) and canada third ( they are our boys from overseas ) . 
  i agree with lots of the other comments but i 'd like to give you an extra reason some americans might not embrace at least some more social democratic elements in their life : you tie leftist values in the economical sense to progressive idea 's . 
  let 's take a catholic working class person from one of the solid red states with a wife that is a waitress . 
  lets also say that this person will vote for his own interests . 
  the plans regarding economics people like warren and sanders have would greatly benefit him but he considers abortion murder . 
  he goes to a democratic convention and people tell him that its a womans choice whether she wants to abort or not . 
  the man finds this crazy since it gives no reasons why abortion would not be murder . 
  he now has to either vote for a party that will greatly disadvantage him economically or he has to vote for a party that wants to commit mass murder ( in his view ) . 
  if a party had all the right ideas on every other subject but wanted to commite mass murder on fellow citizens , would you vote for them ? 
  because i wouldnt . 
  the same kind of argument can be made for loads of other social issues . 
  this is because the democrats hold coastal views and they want to be as progressive as the people of california or new york . 
  thats just not acceptable to loads of people from other states and will never be . 
  i have to preface this by saying i dont really follow eastern european politics but i saw the slovenian leader in the media once a while ago . 
  i dont remember where but he was speaking about the austerity measures his country had to take to fulfill his international obligations . 
  he seemed very reasonable and down to earth . 
  slovenia has been my favorite eastern european country ever since . 
  i see you commenting heavily on this thread so i thought id give you some source material ( dont know if youve studied law so i will explain it in laymans terms ) . 
  he tries to get his supporters to discriminate against moroccans which was the biggest difference with all the things he said before . 
  another key difference was that he does n't target islam in general but moroccans specifically . 
  keep up the good work citing the constitutions of other coutries but dont forget to mention the article in the european convention on human rights . 
  i love reading your responses to people saying this wouldnt happen in their countries ( very debatable ) . 
  we ( the dutch ) do n't have single payer healthcare . 
  we have a hybrid system that relies on regulated competition . 
  the basic package , including everything the healthy human needs health care wise ( except , controversially , dentistry ) , is cheap ( 80 euros per month ) and socially funded and does not have those very low lifetime maximums etc ( we do have maximums but to my knowledge only people who need excessive and rare healthcare actually run into those maximums ) . 
  you are forced to have at least the basic healthcare package . 
  if you however also want other things to get covered ( for example contact lenses ) your premium will go up heavily . 
  as for the californian who asked for advice to his lawmakers : make sure they include the insurance companies in their process . 
  dont let them go all nordic welfare state on you when they try something like this for the first time . 
  the nordic countries have good systems because they perfected theirs for a long time but those are not guaranteed to work in your country aswell so : give it time !, 
  also congratulations on california being the western europe of the united states :d . 
  ok , since a lot of other europeans have already helped you in regards to the cities you mentioned ( i agree about the dropping zurich part ) , i will try to help you further . 
  i have worked for about a year for a travel agency and i will give you the greatest hits so to say . 
  our biggest seller for honeymooners was the cobblestone-streets-package . 
  it consisted of a city low countries ( usually either brussels , bruges , delft & leiden or amsterdam ) then prague and vienna . 
  it was a huge hit . 
  most people loved it because it is fairy tale like for americans ( or so ive been told ) . 
  you can also go for a heavy culture trip with paris , barcelona , rome and florence ( if you want to extend it i would go to amsterdam and/or london aswell but this is already fairly little time in each of those cities ) . 
  you can also do a party tour which goes london-amsterdam-berlin ( or you can do the island tour which goes to some of the islands in the mediterranean ) but i would not recommend it for a honeymoon . 
  then to the cities you said you wanted to see : for a honeymoon i would only really recommend rome out of those 3 . 
  berlin is a great city but one of its most praised aspects is its nightlife . 
  and thats probably not your main concern when planning a honeymoon . 
  some people also think it is one of the greatest places for a ww2 experience but i would say poland is better if you want to do that . 
  if you like the cold war as an historical period berlin is the place to be however . 
  to summarize : berlin is a great ( and often overlooked ) city but i would not recommend it for a honeymoon . 
  zurich is simply not a major attraction in europe . 
  i assume you want to go there because of personal attachment .
