regulation - the mother of invention ? 
  it is actually not bad . 
  inside , the temperature is rather comfy provided you are wearing outdoor clothing . 
  you also sleep on raindeer furs which isolate you against the ice bed nicely . 
  makes them partially edible . 
  no worries . 
  the best thing is that you can never really tell because the language makes them sound so happy and chirpy all the time . 
  for sure . 
  no way we want to be the next target of that schweinsteiger cyborg thing the germans built . 
  that thing looks pretty much indestructible and our mighty air force only flies on office hours . 
  this time , argentina took belgium first to close that road . 
  by having you pay your debts like any normal country or what do you mean ? 
  you are as far as i know free to leave the eu if you wish . 
  `` colonization '' ? 
  if i could give you more upvotes , i would . 
  ca n't blame others too much though . 
  it is so easy to become captain hindsight in these matters and forget that it took a lot of capital and knowledge from the new owners to make the few salvageable companies worth keeping . 
  it does make it harder in my opinion . 
  moving decisions farther from the individual is as far as i know generally considered more authoritarian rather than more classical liberal . 
  the people 's party stopped being liberals a long time ago and are now our most eu-hugging super state-friendly party . 
  this is not very popular . 
  obviously , you have not met our green party . 
  they are basically far left socialists sprinkled with magical fairy dust and occasional outbursts of authoritarianism . 
  pretty far from the normal european green parties as far as i know . 
  i doubt it , but if so it is because the liberals are not liberals , and has not been for some time . 
  not sweden to the best of my knowledge . 
  awww man . 
  sorry to hear . 
  proof ? 
  not that i doubt you really but it would be nice to be able to present some hard facts to others . 
  i do not . 
  others do i guess . 
  god god yes . 
  you are churning them out like some kind of programmer factory over there . 
  and they are quite good by comparison . 
  who hates bulgarians ? 
  i have never really heard anything bad about bulgarians in general . 
  the closest thing i can think of are some lame jokes about your 80s olympic female athletes in strength based sports being borderline male from doping . 
  2 years ago , sweden had basically no beggars . 
  now , there is at least one per entrance to any semi major store , and they are almost all romanians . 
  this builds an image in the general public of romanians being very poor and possibly untrustworthy due to suspicions of beggars being organized somehow . 
  for myself , most romanians i have associated with outside of romania are hard working computer scientists or craftsmen , both equal or better in skill than their western europanm counterparts . 
  especially in terms of how much they work . 
  insane amount of regulation , bureaucracy , some corruption , mindless borrowing of money spent on useless stuff , politicians are doing all they can to prevent the readjustment etc. 
  basically , they are doing everything the baltic states did not do . 
  those are recovering very well now . 
  greece will not , because people want recovery without the pain of the readjustment . 
  i approve of this message / swede, 
  they basically showed up this year . 
  they are at every other minor convenience store , even 5 km outside a minor city center , and i am not even kidding you . 
  i saw 20 or so in the city centre today , and my city is like 150k inhabitants . 
  they were basically nonexistent/invisible 12 months ago . 
  his is the default look . 
  everyone else is deviations from the norm . 
  -37 degrees last night . 
  `` unnecessarily cold '' , according to my relatives , but they are used to the occasional cold snap . 
  both the far left and the pirate party are sceptic as well . 
  sd is mostly sceptic because of their nationalism . 
  that is actually a good question . 
  i am guessing : * we are in the habit of using our native languages at work * there is usually at least one or two per workplace who kind of suck at english which creates problems for management if you bring in non native speakers . 
  i am guessing more than 1-2 in typical low skilled jobs . 
  * customers are often native , and management expect that the customer expects that your representatives are native speakers more or less . 
  swedes most often get a semi-free pass in norway because of the language and culture similarities , and they are used to lots of swedes going over there to work these days . 
  there are usually some positions where english is enough . 
  throwing a few applications around does not hurt . 
  google `` work in norway '' or similar . 
  you need to speak norwegian or possibly swedish for most ( not all ) positions though . 
  sorry about that . 
  ok , lets see than . 
  i can find two that are founded after 1950 and are not mergers of way older companies . 
  hexagon - looks like the only genuine pioneer , tele2 - got it 's kicks from the end of the government monopoly on phones . 
  convinced yet ? 
  why is there almost a complete void of large companies started after 1950 ? 
  compare with for example usa . 
  i assure you there is a huge difference . 
  ( autoliv is a merger , not sure when the parts were founded ) . 
  okay , bring on the list then . 
  so , to conclude . 
  sweden was a good place to start a business in before 1960 . 
  sweden after 1960 was at least an ok place if you had already got a large size company . 
  fun fact 1 : before 1960 when these companies were founded and grew , sweden had a very ( classical ) liberal relatively low tax economy . 
  fun fact 2 : no similar big companies have been founded in sweden since then . 
  always finland . 
  our brothers in the east . 
  they are all we could strive to be , yet somewhat weird but by god we love you . 
  / sweden, 
  excuse me , you are in recession * because of * austerity and reforms ? 
  what would you have prefered ? 
  free money for all and no changes at all ? 
  when estonia found that they had severe public finance problems in ( i think ) 2008 , they manned up , cut spending and took the consequences . 
  one year later they were back on track with real economic growth of 2 % , rising to 8 % the year after . 
  very impressive . 
  watch and learn pigs-countries . 
  swamped with applications . 
  thanks to everyone who responded . 
  sorry if i did not manage to reply to some of you in person . 
  first round completed , 6 people remaining , 2 open spots in my department , also a few more in other departments . 
  what the hell happened in eastern germany ? 
  gender based plague ? 
  i can not get credit for referral actually since i am a manager and we do not get that at all .
