  especially not when it is actually me hiring . 
  i do not want to be pinpointed too much at this stage because hr would probably make my life difficult if they knew my ways of recruiting but let 's just say southern part for now . 
  we drink more coffee than that . 
  my group has a `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' agreement with the building management . 
  they pretend not to see the private coffemaker/firehazard ( makes good , strong filter coffee ) which we installed , andfor that we promise to not use the bear traps in public rooms anymore . 
  there are plenty of online courses . 
  if you are a developer , i estimate one day for the basics , 2 days for the slightly more advanced but also very useful stuff ( nested queries , how an index works ) and 1-2 more days for a bit of database management and optimizations . 
  thanks , i hope so . 
  one of my top 3 merits so far since i turned to the dark side of management is that i have only had one developer quit in my organization last 4 years , and he wants to come back now . 
  i dare say it is not too horrible to work here . 
  okay . 
  rough numbers from our latest hirings : from 2700 $ / month to 5500 $ / month . 
  as i said , it depends on how good you are . 
  2700 $ / month is a really junior developer , middle of class , no previous outside of school software development experience ( open source , extra job , spare time hacking , whatever ) , no additional applicable skills . 
  normal swedish taxes , vacation rules and whatever apply of course . 
  google or / r/sweden is your friend if you want to know what that means in terms of benefits vs real money in hand . 
  no worries . 
  comments there are a bugger to get right in the first place . 
  verified , so lets do it . 
  submit your cv in a pm . 
  wanted : . net developers to sweden . 
  * senior or junior , whatever . 
  we will adjust your assignments and your salary accordingly . 
  but please be good at what you do . 
  * if you are just an awesome developer , and only know java/c + + that might be okay too . 
  * being a bit of a generalist in the area of computer science and software engineering is a merit . 
  * you need to know at least the basics of sql and database handling . 
  * 9 to 5 99 % of work days . 
  can be adjusted to suit your rl . 
  ( developers tend to piss off if i piss them off with overtime , and that costs us time and money . ), 
  * speak and write english . 
  your reddit post history will be used to verify your language skill claims . 
  employer is a quite well known swedish company with  1000 employees . 
  the group you will work in is 20 or so people . 
  and yes , i am serious . 
  thanks to user/iiowoii for the inspiration to post it here . 
  you are not helping !, 
  fun fact : they are . 
  and 96 % of the asylum seekers arriving in sweden have no proof of identity which is really weird since that number is lower in other eu countries . 
  maybe there is some kind of stealthy passport destruction device installed on the bridge to denmark . 
  fun fact : swedish law actually requires you to pay for your family members upkeep if you wish to reunite with them here . 
  in practice , 95 % are not required to pay for their upkeep . 
  weird . 
  i do not think i have seen this reported in swedish media . 
  this one must be the most idiotic one yet . 
  huge negative effects if it is uncovered , slight advantage if successful . 
  not to mention the estonia thing . 
  because few people want to live in somalia and while finland is taking few asylum seekers , some are arriving via the un refugee program i am guessing . 
  given that the above arguments are sound as assumptions :  poverty so if we give them more money , it will stop ? 
   social isolation what do you want , forced friendships ? 
  forced employment at a nice and integrated workplace ? 
   cultural differences so , what about this one then ? 
  give them a brochure ? 
  please note that i am not saying any kind of racist bullshit that immigrants are lesser people or any crap like that . 
  i just want to know about your proposed solutions given the premises . 
  i laughed , then sighed . 
  have an upvote . 
  how is it that free trade requires a treaty anyway ? 
  just trade . 
  it is not hard . 
  finland , doing it right . 
  * naked in-the-sauna fistbump *, 
  a nice illustration on why you should never wage war on the balkan peninsula . 
  it is just as bad as attacking russia or fighting bearded guys in mountains . 
  never do any of that that , guys . 
  -40 c at worst . 
  no worries . 
  that being said i loved your post . 
  what the fuck do you mean saturday is sauna day ? 
  every day is sauna day !, 
  are you telling me you basically clean yourself for real just once a week ? 
  you are a disgrace sir , and i hereby revoke your finnish citizenship . 
  yours sincerely / tornedaling, 
  i would have thought the hungarians were spooning primarily with the austrians but perhaps that ship sailed long ago . 
  anyway , happy for you guys . 
  while i agree with you , there are practical problems with this approach . 
  where do you send them off to ? 
  they often refuse to tell us where they are from , or give contradictory information , plus their country of origin often refuse to take them back because they a ) do n't want the troublemakers back and b ) they want to extort money from sweden to take them . 
  now , any sane person would basically say something like gtfo or off to a labor camp north of the arctic circle and work for your living . 
  you are free to leave for home at any time . 
  it has to be more desirable to go home than to stay . 
  otherwise , this wave of mostly economic migrants will never cease . 
  most are actually . 
  we do n't care about your religion , your fika traditions or whatever much , unless you are obviously here to commit crimes ( you will get a talking to and unless you say where you are from and that country accept to take you , we can not show you the door ) . 
  also , our job marked is fucked up by unions , the political parties and the `` company union '' , making sure that low skilled , non swedish speakers can not ever ever get a normal job . 
  `` because they care '', 
  yup , that 's about right . 
  / swede, 
  all of these comments make me remember why i love finland . 
  at least not in the saunas i frequent . 
  it is already happening , numbers of swedes leaving sweden is at an all time hight . 
  tax increases galore and busted school system are not helping either by the way . 
  what did you just say about salmiakki ? 
  finnish hit squad is now en route , and those guys do not fuck around . 
  you can reapply for asylum after 4 years i think , and possibly get it for humanitarian reasons . 
  if not , 4 more years and repeat . 
  the cops do n't really want to repatriate people since the earns them a shitload of `` racist over violent pigs '' comments from the media . 
  currently at 1271 persons per day on average ( last week ) , about 4.5 % of the swedish population . 
  the government is looking at setting up tents to try to solve the immediate issue of housing . 
  did i mention that before this took of we already had a housing crisis due to horrible regulation of the housing market ?
