  lithuanians got a lot bigger since then , eh ? 
  if something smells lebanese to you ... you might be right . 
  `` spain to catalonia : you 're not special '', 
  you can still do that now , a few days ago my girlfriend and i were taking a stroll in the area , and just where the photo was taken some junky whispered `` cocaine , cocaine ? '', 
  as he crossed paths with us . 
  we 're bad at being born . 
  sucks, 
  i drive a fridge ( read : white car ) but i actually like dark blue a lot better . 
  the sarcasm was lost in this one, 
   i wonder what makes france 's economy so concentrated in paris and germany 's so diffuse across several peer cities ? 
  possibly history , germany is made up for multiple former * freie und reichsst\u00e4dte * and other small states , which made the country a lot less centralised today . 
  france on the other hand has always been much more centralised - as has been my own country . 
  italy , in a way , is kind of like germany ... at least the northern cities . 
  the 2004 quinta do noval vintage nacional goes for $ 1100 , so 26 for a regular bottle does n't seem that bad , 
  you never know when lithuania might do something funny , eh ? 
  that `` you '' was plural , for sure . 
  that 's precisely why russia wants to `` integrate '' ukraine . 
  keeping people like these will erode the european project by giving voters to nationalists like wilders and le pen who seek to destroy what we 've built . 
  these are not refugees , these are simply illegal aliens - send them away . 
  crikey , i really regret clicking the ` play ' button, 
  sempre, 
  that 's what he wants , so he could play the victim and gather more support for his stupid referendum, 
  andorra is n't the same shade as portugal either , but that 's not the point , the point is that they are lagging behind in western europe . 
  and the running joke . 
  mostly that, 
  this wo n't end well, 
  why would anyone want to harm him ? 
  comedy gold everyday for free , it 's glorious, 
  portugal je slavija ( you too andorra , do n't try to hide in the mountains ), 
  that 's ... interesting, 
  it 's a great joy to have something new about erdogoon everyday . 
  makes the whole day a lot funnier , thanks . 
  in tr\u00e1s-os-montes it 's mostly because it 's further inland and behind mountains , thus blocking winds from the ocean which usually make the weather more temperate . 
  compare aveiro , viseu and guarda . 
  interestingly though , that sentence was not from romans themselves since they pronounced ` v ' as a ` w ' ( in english ) . 
  it is thought to be a sort of joke made in the middle ages or later , probably by monks who knew/spoke ecclesiastical latin rather than classical latin, 
  and you , apparently , do n't know what year you 're looking at , because you 're showing up to 2015 and he said the 2016 figures . 
  still spamming reddit over this topic ? 
  why do n't you go do something produtive instead , hypocrit ? 
  yep , they choose the ones who broke ukrainian law . 
  seems pretty normal to me, 
  i should n't have laughed , but i did, 
  `` o sultan , turkish devil and damned devil 's kith and kin , secretary to lucifer himself . 
  what the devil kind of knight are thou , that canst not slay a hedgehog with your naked arse ? 
  the devil shits , and your army eats . 
  thou shallt not , thou son of a whore , make subjects of christian sons ; we have no fear of your army , by land and by sea we will battle with thee , fuck thy mother . 
  thou babylonian scullion , macedonian wheelwright , brewer of jerusalem , goat-fucker of alexandria , swineherd of greater and lesser egypt , pig of armenia , podolian thief , catamite of tartary , hangman of kamyanets , and fool of all the world and underworld , an idiot before god , grandson of the serpent , and the crick in our dick . 
  pig 's snout , mare 's arse , slaughterhouse cur , unchristened brow , screw thine own mother !, 
  so the zaporozhians declare , you lowlife . 
  you wo n't even be herding pigs for the christians . 
  now we 'll conclude , for we do n't know the date and do n't own a calendar ; the moon 's in the sky , the year with the lord , the day 's the same over here as it is over there ; for this kiss our arse ! '', 
  we always make vacations in amesterdam because of the red-light district , so essencially we 're just returning you the money . 
  no need to thank us dijsselbloem . 
  please tell mieke sexypants i 'll be there next sunday . 
  best regards . 
  where 's portugal ? 
  everyone knows portugal is honorary slav - we have slavonic accent , slavic economy , slavic attitude towards eu 's future , and even slav-level amount of diabetes !, 
  i guess that 's the point, 
  that works , thanks, 
  `` this video is unavaliable '' :(, 
   ( portugal honorary slav again ! ), 
  ` portugal caralho ' would be a good guess, 
  how 's english fluency over there in lviv ? 
  i 'm always a bit afraid of needing to ask anyone for help and not being understood, 
  do n't spoil the joke guys :(, 
  hopefully he can join the two latvians and bulgarians , the four portuguese and the nine poles . 
  they could form the `` mighty one digit brigade '' and phone luxembourg to mock their lack of troops . 
  both at the same time , some more than others . 
  made sense ? 
  good , it 's not supposed to . 
  thank you , it 's something i wanted to know since we have so many of you folks living here , i myself have an ukrainian family living a few floors up from my flat . 
  top notch guys, 
  portugal can into eastern europe now ? 
  you might be right , sardinians are also genetically unique within europe , so it 's entirely possibly the nuragic civilisation also spoke a non-ie language . 
  and i forgot another one , tartessian , which ironically was spoken in my own country . 
  no one knows for sure whether it was non-ie or not though . 
  illyrian was an ie language , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  excluding the caucasus region , basque/aquitanian/iberian ( assuming they were indeed related ) and etruscan are the ones i know for sure , but there could be other languages i 'm unaware of . 
  there was also the language spoken by the pelasgians in greece , which is probably a substratum in the greek language and appears to have been non-ie ( still uncertain , theories abound ) . 
  but who knows really , there were multiple waves of farmers coming from the se who settled in europe since the neolithic , they probably spoke all sort of unrelated languages . 
  then then merged with different types of hunter-gatheres in different proprtions and none of them left any written records . . so it 's possible there were dozens of unrelated language families before ie languages arrived . 
  hardly credible , there 's also another theory that basque is related to the non-ie caucasian languages . 
  you might also want to read on the vasconic substratum theory in wikipedia , or its relation with the old iberian language spoken in eastern iberia during the classical period - that 's a really solid one . 
  for an area that was only firmly established under roman control `` so late '' , nw iberia does have a ridiculously high amount on inscriptions . 
  because that does n't happen now / s, 
   my take of a iberian confederation flag if it adopt a ** dual monarchy system ** thanks , but no thanks . 
  flag looks good , but it 's too spanish for anyone in portugal to accept if federalism were a thing , regardless of what meaning you give to the colours . 
  yellow armillary sphere on yellow background is bad though . 
  also , the crown is missing a cross, 
  how do you say ` hideous ' in * iberianfederalist * language ? 
  and be recognised by no one . 
  sounds like a great plan , i wonder what could possibly go wrong, 
  imagine how many multinationals are going to be affected by brexit , and the sheer pressure the british government would face . 
  / s not that it matters , because catalonia wo n't leave spain until the constitution changes anyway, 
  have n't seen portugal that big since i last played europa universalis iv, 
  and this is why i wanted to live in aveiro - where the 25 is - instead of lisbon . 
  or porto, 
  `` shame on people who have different views from mine '', 
  it was n't him , as far as i know that had its origins during the peninsular war , which went very badly for the french . 
  in fact it 'd be pretty ironic if dumas said it , considering he had african ancestry,
