you are right , and deserve an upvote so people can read this, 
  [ historia civilis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucv_vlhiwvbh_fr9vbeuiy-a/featured ) is an awesome channel , definitely check it if you like learning about the roman period, 
  yeah , who cares about a few dozen million victims ? 
  surely we can look beyond that, 
   most ~ ~ of corrupted ~ ~ politicians would be killed in stalin 's time . 
  that 's why . 
  fixed it for you, 
  i do n't think portugal hates or is hated by anyone , really . 
  maybe we hate spain , but we also love them . 
  such is life when you only have one neighbour , you get a sort of stockholm syndrome, 
  nw iberia is a very rural place with a relatively fragile economy , and an aging population - young people move away from it rather frequently because they find better economic opportunities in madrid , barcelona , etc. 
  le\u00f3n , and norte/centro in portugal have similar issues despite some locally important cities near/by the coast , like porto , braga or coimbra . 
  the folk from [ old le\u00f3n ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/kingdom_of_leon_1037.svg/1200px-kingdom_of_leon_1037.svg.png ) is disappearing, 
  belgium does n't seem particularly happy either, 
  i actually really like the swedish one . 
  \u00c5land 's is also very melodic and pleasant, 
  it looks even better in real life , arguably one of my favourite spots in the country , especially at dawn . 
  the view from sameiro is equally good http://cdn.olhares.pt/client/files/foto/big/776/7768855.jpg, 
  western europeans ' are boring as hell , nearly all the anthems are named `` the song of * something * '', 
  no compulsory monocle , and top hat ? 
  i 'm disappointed, 
  yeah , but maybe less expressive, 
  the phrase was n't new , legend has it that it was shown to the roman emperor constantine before he ordered his soldiers to paint the chi-rho on their shields before the battle of milvian bridge . 
  it became associated with christianity ever since , we just followed along . 
  whether our kings used it in a christian or royal way , i do not know . 
  but since our coat of arms has a ` cross ' anyway , i do n't think it matters much, 
  good job , estonia, 
  if we ever got to a point in which there was an attack per week in europe , would any of you expect all countries ( eventhough it 's not the actual national governments who decide this ) to light up one of their national monuments in ` solidarity ' ? 
  whether we like it or not , the more common something gets , the more used we get to it , and the less we `` care '' - might not have been the best choice of word . 
  it 's a way humans adapt to tragedies and move on . 
  besides , the closer such a tragedy hits , the more it affects us , which is why a terrorist attack in pakistan does n't strike us as much as one in paris or so, 
  i believe the portuguese motto is mostly associated with the armed forces , eventhough it 's originally from * os lus\u00edadas * , an epic poem by lu\u00eds de cam\u00f5es . 
  the royal motto ( pre-1910 ) used to be * in hoc signo vinces * , meaning `` in this sign you shall conquer '' , the sign referring to the christian cross . 
  personally i 'm a big fan of it , eventhough i 'm agnostic and not a monarchist, 
  this might be my favourite so far . 
  how touristy is it ? 
  so ... how hard is it for a foreign civil/hydraulics engineer to find a job in czechia ? 
  it is , although i 'm biased since that 's where my family comes from . 
  if you visit porto make sure to drop by braga and/or guimar\u00e3es , they are roughly 50km away and worth the time to visit, 
  from my personal experience i can say that ukrainians pick up portuguese pretty quickly , i 'm yet to meet one that did n't have basic fluency , and some spoke really well , and with a very understandable accent . 
  obviously my experience might be anedoctal evidence , but it 's what i 've got, 
  i 'd love and hate to use that, 
  unfortunetly it 's not a country i know much about , but here 's a few things ( i think ) i know . 
  it 's mostly history-related stuff : * the rus ' - coming from somewhere near lake ladoga in russia - traveled/traded by using rivers , including the dnieper . 
  they took kyiv in the 2nd half of the 800s and founded the kievan rus ' . 
  this would expand and cover a lot of eastern europe * volodymyr the great converted to orthodox christianity by late 900s , supposedly because both catholicism and islam would n't let him get shit faced with alcohol . 
  a sensible choice * proximity to the eastern roman empire ( byzantines ) influenced their early culture and architecture * attacked by pechenegs and other turkic groups , finally overran by mongols . 
  * after the mongols were given the boot , poles/lithuanians took control of most of the territory . 
  they were catholic , but in the end most people remained orthodox * cossacks originated as people who fled oppression and adopted a freer lifestyle ( i believe that 's the origin of the word ` cossack ' ) based on nomadic traditions from the steppe . 
  as far as i know most people were welcomed to join , under certain conditions , ie orthodox christianity * the zaporozhian sich formed their own political identity and fought numerous wars against the polish-lithuanian commonwealth for the liberation of their territories * the zaporozhian gave a badass response to an ottoman sultan who demanded their submission * ukraine was subject to russification , making the language mostly common in rural areas than within cities . 
  this is still felt today causing issues in the political integrity of the country/society . 
  i still do not know how insulting it is to address an ukrainian in russian , if at all * holodomor * migration was/is rather common , there 's a significant community here in portugal that 's either the 2nd or 3rd largest in the country * ukrainians seem to be very hardworking and proficient at learning languages, 
  depends on what 's being considered as europe , ie islands and whatnot, 
  and carl xvi gustaf is the crusader king , that 's where paradox took inspiration from to make their games / s, 
  yeah , i know a few people who moved to ireland in 2016 and they basically say that getting a job there is relatively easy ( for civil engineers anyway ) . 
  i thought about doing it myself , but i 'd never go without the gf, 
  as usual we 're like eastern europe in the far west . 
  the world is a spheroid after all, 
  to be fair , immigration of skilled and educated people is a lot better than near-illiterate foreigners , odds are the former will integrate more easily, 
  heavy dutch accent as expected , but that 's ecclesiastical . 
  thanks, 
  was it in classical latin , or that rubbish ecclesiastical version ? 
  technically the only actual latin peoples are in italy , the rest of us merely adopted the language and broke it a lot, 
  yeah , thousands died and millions were left homeless . 
  really nasty business, 
  i wonder if the figures changed now that we 're in 2017, 
  but ... i do n't even use hair gel :(, 
  it 's an april fools thing guys - cpt obvious, 
  current flag on a blue/white background would have been good . 
  i 'm not a monarchist , but the current colours are hideous and make no sense, 
  portugal 's trust recovery was enormous . 
  `` 8 or 80 '' as we usually say , there 's no middle ground between depression and euphoria, 
  those are some nasty drugs you 're taking . 
  or maybe it 's the distance , you 're on the wrong side of the atlantic whereas europe is on the right side , afterall . 
  yes , i am , and i do live in lisbon . 
  you might want to visit from now until early-to-mid autumn , the weather is really good . 
  there will be a very large horde of tourists in lisbon and the algarve though . 
  seems like you had a bad experience with a particular group from turkey . 
  do n't let this stop you though , most people are much nicer than that . 
  i 'm eager to visit poland with my gf when time and money allow, 
  yeah , they are just like any other central/eastern european population . 
  whoever the original ` hungarian conquerors ' were , they left little genetic impact on modern hungarians possibly because they were so outnumbered by locals . 
  yeah it 's awesome , my slavic brother . 
  we should also change the country name from portugal to portuslav, 
  ` portugal je slavija ' is pretty much a motto by now, 
  he 's from guinea-bissau , not angola , 
  yes , it ends up not being good for them either as many have no conditions to actually make a better life for themselves without benefits . 
  our rubbish economy does n't help them either , but politicians should know better . 
  from my experience , and others ' might be different , it depends on how well integrated the family is . 
  i 've met people who basically always lived in the bad parts of the burbs and clearly consider themselves angolans/whatever , whereas others are better integrated and are just like any other native person , and no one would see things differently . 
  an exemple would be africans playing for the portuguese nacional team ( football ) or in the olympics . 
  ca n't say much for ukrainian 2nd gen immigrants as the ones i 've `` met '' are schoolchildren - ukrainians are a much more recent group . 
  that 's not what i said , i made a comparison between two immigrant communities , and you 'll be hard-pressed to find anyone who 'll say angolans make better immigrants than ukrainians around here . 
  now that you mention it people who move from angola are generally seen as more hardworking than the ones who were born here ( 2nd gen immigrants ) . 
  i suppose this applies to most ethnic groups , though , as people who have the iniciative to move abroad on their own should be , on average , more willing to act and get a better life . 
  everyone 's welcome , but i 'm yet to meet a kiwi here, 
  i 'll be honest , i 'd much rather see ukrainian immigrants on the top than angolans , they are so much more hardworking and easy to integrate . 
  they also learn the language really quickly , and speak it with a surprisingly good accent ( portugal je slavija ) . 
  angolans , despite speaking the language , have a hard time integrating , tend to live next to each other and have a reputation for lazyness . 
  and lets not talk about crime .
