[ overview of refugee centers burnings and suspects ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/tsm6rpx-uajltu4gqroigwg/htmlview?pli=1#gid=0 ) edit : yes , the list is from some rightwing nutjob but he provided legit sources . 
  destabilizing iraq led to is which is destabilizing syria . 
  first , us & uk staged a coup against the democratically elected prime minister of iran mosadeddegh who wanted to nationalize the iranian oil industry which was a big no-no for the uk . 
  the islamic revolution of 1979 was a direct consequense of that coup . 
  then the us supported the mujahedin in afghanistan against the sowjet union , which led to al-qaida . 
  without western , namly us and uk intervention , there would be no political islam . 
  remember that . 
  bombing iraq , libya and supporting anti-assad rebels followed . 
  if you can bomb libya and iraq , you can also bare the consequences of your actions . 
  bombing these two countries directly led to the current refugees crisis . 
  uk should leave the eu . 
  the word neger nowadays has a negative connotation but for older generations it 's ( was ) just another word for black people . 
  this whole media storm again exaggerates things . 
  herrman did n't use neger as an insult . 
  in fact he wanted to show how well certain people integrated into german society . 
  i think the idea is , that imf loans should be transfered to the efsf so that the debt can be forgiven . 
  also , i 'm struggeling to understand why debt restructering would be benifical to greece in it 's current situation . 
  the greek expenditure on interest payments in percent of gdp was [ 3.9 % ] ( http://www.debtclocks.eu/eu-ranking-expenditure-on-interest-payments-in-percent-of-gdp.html ) . 
  that 's still lower than in portugal , italy , hungary etc. 
  the problem is that no privat investor is willing to lend greece money because it 's likey that greece defaults on it . 
  that is the reason why the eurozone stepped in ... 
  can anyone explain to me why debt forgiveness would be beneficial for greece in it 's current situation ? 
  as far as i can see , solely the debt from efsf and bilateral loans can be forgiven . 
  ecb and imf debt must be paid back , especially because ez members have no say in the other institutions 's debt . 
  but clearance of debt from the efsf and ez countries is n't scheduled before 2020 . 
  so , which problem would debt forgiveness solve ? 
  pay back schedule to ` germany ' ( european financial stability facility ) is n't starting before 2020 with most payments coming even later . 
  also it is worth noting the interest rate with 0.5 % which is almost nothing . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i entered both . 
  google translate : `` essentially , it is a business that designate critics as dirty : turkey gets from the eu a lot of money to improve the situation of refugees mainly from syria in the camps . 
  in return , the turks should finally ensure that fewer refugees to leave for greece . 
  so it provides for a so-called action plan , which the european commission had negotiated with turkey . 
  especially for chancellor angela merkel would be the long-awaited signal domestically that the number of refugees returning . 
  europeans therefore are also willing to give discount on their values for the good behavior of the turks . 
  the already planned visa liberalization for turkish citizens could come something more . 
  in addition , the stalled accession negotiations should now be quickly revived , although the human rights situation in the country is far from satisfactory . 
  on sunday europeans and turks want to seal the deal . 
  eastern european countries are asked to pay too bad : a few days before the deadline , there are fierce fight over money . 
  blame it on the germans - and deliberately . 
  it is clear that turkey should get three billion euros , according to the commission the money is intended for the years 2016 and 2017th what is less clear where the sum is to come . 
  eu commission and many smaller eu members pushing to see only a sum of 500 million euros from the eu budget . 
  the rest should pay the member states according to the usual distribution key . 
  the duty would therefore especially the donor countries : in germany so would total about 540 million euros , 420 million to the british , they say . 
  but led by germany , donor countries provide cross now . 
  they insist to finance the entire amount of the eu budget . 
  theoretically , i do that when the so-called `` contingency margin '' attacks , quasi the hitherto unencumbered last nest egg in the eu budget . 
  especially for emergency and hardship cases among agricultural and structural aid would then be less money there . 
  the highlight : with this money otherwise benefit primarily the newer eu member states in the east , the cross arise regularly in the refugee issue . 
  the germans therefore see such a move quite as educational measure , it became clear as the meeting of the ambassador on thursday . 
  to prepare the summit . 
  when the eastern european members already do not want to participate in the reception of refugees , then it would only be in solidarity , to become more involved in the financing of the common problem , it is said of the german side . 
  merkel 's stance in the eu share a few chancellor merkel has long been upset about the blockade mainly of eastern europeans in the distribution of refugees . 
  even the hard-decided distribution of 160,000 refugees from italy and greece came only against the resistance of some eastern european countries to the rest of the eu . 
  slovakia threatened to to appeal to the european court of justice . 
  the new polish government declared after the attacks of paris , that they no longer feel bound at the decision . 
  even now make the eastern european states pressure to remove even the most delicate regard to refugee quotas , which should be located in the four-page final paper with turkey . 
  the member states `` underline the need of resettlement programs , '' it says timidly . 
  the germans want a stronger wording , the eastern europeans want to emphasize the passage completely . 
  in the eu , berlin is with the hard-line stance in financing not have many friends , once more . 
  on friday afternoon , a solution should be sought now again . 
  german eu officials want it if necessary but take a chance on it to draw without an agreement on financing details in the summit . 
  high-ranking eu officials criticize the attitude of the germans . 
  `` if they can make billions for the refugees in their own supplementary loose , they should consult desem amount within the eu do not , '' it says . 
  but apparently they misunderstand : merkel it 's the principle . '', 
  this proves again that the british have the best sense of humour edit : word , thanks , 
  this is just false and really bad journalism . 
  she was n't drugged but was just drunk . 
  the words `` stop it , stop it '' and `` no '' was directed against the two men filming her and not the sex itself . 
  there is strong evidence in form of videos showing this . 
  it 's not about what germany wants or does n't want . 
  to remain inside the trading bloc comes with mandatory regulations such as freedom of movement . 
  and to restrict that is the main aim of the brexit campaign , is n't it ? 
  making money from selling stuff is one side , but on the other side poland got ... uhm ... the products they bought ? 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  so a ceo expressed his views on current political events in a weekly e-mail to his employees . 
  this is common practice at every newspaper or media network . 
  spiegel : you sound disappointed , which is surprising . 
  poland is doing quite well : the economy is growing and by 2020 , your country will have received some 80 billion euros from european structural funds . 
  it is the eu 's largest beneficiary . 
  waszczykowski : and the eu is the greatest beneficiary of polish membership !, 
  we are a market of almost 40 million people . 
  you 've earned an enormous amount of money from us ; the germans alone have sold 55 billion euros worth of goods in poland . 
  ** we see the money from the structural funds as compensation for opening our market . 
  wont ' t happen . 
  merkel does what she 's always doing : nothing, 
  and as usual german politiciens will stay silent and ultimately will chicken out . 
  they do n't have the guts to speak openly and frankly against such accusations since it would n't be long for someone to denounce them as aggressors . 
  why not . 
  count me in . 
  no one in germany has a phobia of inflation . 
  this is a myth which keeps getting repeated here . 
  overall germany is just following keynesians economics . 
  save and do n't overspend in good times . 
  they look like kids, 
  do n't forget italy !, 
  it seems that the uk is desperately looking for new partners since brexit . 
  a mix of deep rooted anti-semitism ( like in most europe ) , victim mentality , economic degradation , a political culture of being subjects of authorities ( no democratic experience ) and huge propaganda effort . 
  after all germans apparently needed a scapegoat for the lost world war and the disastrous economic situation in the weimar republic . 
  normandie really is a gorgeous region .
