  a big thing in international relations that i was n't really aware of before , is that the only thing which scares the united states is a fully-allied russia and germany . 
  nobody is saying that 's going to happen , but then again nobody can say what alliances will look like 50 years down the road . 
  germany somehow seems unaware of its latent power capabilities - its probably the second most powerful country in the world . 
  that most germans ( and most americans , actually ) could hardly believe that the us was spying on germany in some small way ( this was no project ) actually goes a long way regarding the friendship between our two countries . 
  that germany spies on the us should also come as no surprise , but it goes to show that the work of relations between nations is never done , and there is a small amount of damage that needs to be repaired , and i think we 're on the right track . 
   every single soundbite and talking point the americans are bringing up itt has been covered and debunked . 
  i could jump in but i 've got troll engagement fatigue . 
  nothing has been ` debunked ' - that 's like saying nafta was debunked or some such nonsense . 
  i 'm against ttip , but i admit that the only reason i 'm against it is ` my feelings ' - i.e. 
  my subjective opinion is different than my objective opinion . 
  are europeans always going to say things like this  when you 're inculcated with exceptionalism since birth , there is a high probability you 'll become impervious to fact and reason when you grow up . 
  probably . 
  different factions of western civilization have been fighting for power and dominance at least since the time of the romans , yet europeans today , who have an amazing amount of relative power due to that 2,000 years of warfare , act as though history began when kissinger began serving as nixon 's national security advisor . 
  c'mon , let 's start talking seriously - let 's start talking about the things that should be changed ( such as a more globally-engaged european civilian actor , closing guantanamo , or palestinian statehood ) , as opposed to the majority of the way things in the us-led international system are which we should be grateful for every day . 
  after all , those global public goods are n't going to provide for themselves . 
  the good that the us navy does every day is off the charts . 
  just a bit more realism , i reckon , is what i 'm talking about . 
  do you mean you wish more of the super-vocal 10 % or so minority would understand that ? 
  you would think that a portland-seattle-san francisco ( maybe vancouver , possibly stretched to las vegas ) trip would be the go-to vacation for europeans . . well that 's mine anyway !, 
  oh , i would never [ * dream * ] ( https://imgflip.com/s/meme/evil-plotting-raccoon.jpg ) of it !, 
  you 're on a first name basis with some blog writer you 've never met before ? 
  this is just the same stereotypes dredged up for content . 
  quite useless . 
  what are you basing this comment on , re : ` christiann schoolchildren ' and ` us evangelicals ' ? 
  do you have any source , or is this just something you pulled out of your ass ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  well ok then, 
  all i know is i 'm not asking where all that gold came from . . 
  that would be epic . 
  never mind * all * he got right, 
  this was a particularly bad thread . 
  you bring the level of conversation down with your bullshit on / europe , i 've noticed, 
  tagged you as #wouldratherdiecashmoney $, 
  on the anniversary of 9/11 last year , ard ran a two hour long documentary about how 9/11 was a conspiracy , heavily featuring such folks as alex jones . 
  extremely trustworthy , i do n't think so . 
  he 's a structural realist - and structural realism is very unpopular in the european academy , because it not only goes against liberal institutionalism ( the idea that institutions such as the eu will solve problems of nationalism and wars ) , but it also goes against the popular-in-europe themes of post-nationalism and post-modernism . 
  mind you , i tend to agree with mearsheimer on most matters . 
  for example , many europeans would be aghast at mearsheimer 's 2010 talk/article [ why is europe peaceful today ? 
  ] ( http://mearsheimer.uchicago.edu/pdfs/a0055.pdf ) , because mearsheimer believes it is nato and the ` american pacifier ' that has led to peace in europe today , rather than european-built institutions . 
  i mostly agree . 
  i can tell that you 're unfamiliar with mearsheimer , because i literally have never seen a german praising mearsheimer before - only the opposite ( and always with hugely superficial arguments , obviously coming from a place of emotion ) . 
  mearsheimer claims to be correct 75 % of the time , and i would say that is not far off . 
  germans hate mearsheimer when he 's talking about germany , and love him when he 's talking about anyone else . 
  with that said , i 'm a fan of his . 
  and you guys talk about a centralised and integrated ` eu army ' . . 
  then treat yo self, 
  you spent a lot of money in any event . 
  why not just buy a used one from last year off ebay for half the price ? 
  hey we just had some uk cats rolling up in 4 wheelers shooting hand cannons at isis during breakfast , that 's a start, 
  i got busted in germany for downloading that movie . . best 250 euros i 've ever been forced to spend, 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to prove , but if i were president i 'd be careful about appointing you as a foreign policy advisor, 
  you 're being obtuse and acting like power as a concept in international politics does n't exist or something . 
  you think i do n't ( fucking ) agree that in theory ' a sovereign country should n't have to ask for permission from another country if it wants to do something ' ? 
  you should n't just brush-off the event which so far has led to the deaths of 6,000 ukrainians and displaced 1 million . 
  whether we agree with russia 's actions or not is n't the point , the point is russia 's perspective , and the main reason russia is doing what it is doing today is because the eu was going forward with an association agreement with ukraine . 
  anyway , full eu membership is of course not available to chine in the same way it possibly would be with ukraine , so apples and oranges . 
  the german author , who is the director of carnegie europe , fully justifies his claims . 
  his comment is on the ` remarkable resiliency ' of the idea of an ` eu army ' , and i agree when he ends his post with the note that such talk is just a ` theoretical thought experiment on phantom armies ' . 
  he talks about the continuum of european independence vis-a-vis the us , importantly highlighing this is not just a black and white question , but also that ` full ' independence from the us is neither likely ( possible ? ), 
  nor desirable . 
  importantly , techau indirectly refers to madeline albright 's famous ' 3 d 's ' , and how the us is actually not very concerned anymore with ` duplication ' ( csdp duplicating functions performed by nato ) when he writes  it is important to stress that today , this old divide is basically irrelevant . 
  even the united states , long critical of the eu 's common security and defense policy , has now embraced a very pragmatic approach that whatever leads to more european capabilities is welcome . 
  this is actually a major new point for researchers of the transatlantic relationship , and speaks to trust and respect . 
  but techau is basically just spelling out why the idea for an eu army is , in his words , ` remarkably ' resilient . 
  using the word remarkably in this context means he disagrees with its resiliency , and spells out his case . 
  he talks about how there are two usual suspect counter-arguments when the question of european independence from nato/us , how the ` shock ' of war in europe has once again spurred calls for greater european military autonomy capabilities , and how the european reaction to such calls is predictably split between variations of the same two arguments . 
  there is nothing new about juncker 's call , nor the reaction to it - the difference between ` atlanticists ' and ` gaullists ' . 
  these two positions have been written about extensively during the last decades . 
  actually , for my own reasons , the following paragraph is actually more important than it may seem , because this is a forecase of a strong , fair and responsible europe engaged in important humanitarian operations throughout its periphery ( an area where i think that more attention in europe should be focused upon and will become so )  others , like myself , argue that more eu independence will not only enable europeans to take on some of the tasks in the union 's neighborhood that the united states is less willing to carry out these days . 
  greater eu autonomy will also make the europeans more interesting military partners for the united states , thereby strengthening atlanticism , not weakening it . 
  that such a move would also give europeans a little more influence over u.s. decisionmaking would be a positive side effect . 
  the author goes on to go a bit deeper into the question of why the resilience of the idea of an eu army is ` remarkable ' , and i have basically the same opinion that he does - that it is simlply distasteful for citizens of any country ( or continent ) to be dependent upon another for their own security . 
  but he points to the reality of the situation , which is that europeans will be effective when acting with their nato hats on , and other ideas of effectiveness divorced from washington are not convincing . 
  saying that the ` atlanticists have won ' , the author puts the final nail in the coffin of the question of why he uses the word ` remarkable ' in describing the idea of the resilience of an eu army - its resilient because of gaullist pride . 
  the eu army idea is not resilient because it is realistic , but just for pride . 
  and i understand that , too , but there 's just nothing that the us and europe can do right now to change that , though the author does mention that this may not be the case anymore in the long-term . 
  the user above seems to ignore this point when writing  it seems that his position is pretty much that because of how things are at this exact moment , that 's how things will have to be forever . 
  the phrase ' a long time to come ' does not mean ` forever ' . 
  techau ends on the simple point that we should best just be realistic . 
  the reason i just responded as i did above , is that all of the director of carnegie europe 's remarks have been written about extensively for a very long time . 
  i feel like i should n't even have to say that . 
  with the exception of the shift of american perspective of european development of capabilities , which is an interesting evolution . 
  for / u/tabulae to simply claim that he can dispute from the gaullist perspective and have that argument be ` on as firm a footing ' as the atlanticist perspective is not a serious argument . 
  are you serious ? 
  this right here !, 
  you should go to southern spain and do [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmdhrvvs5xw ), 
  easy , poland, 
  this is the key phrase - ` can we * fix * it ? ', 
  if not , there 's your answer . 
   they see the results of such speech in other middle eastern countries . 
  the results seen in other middle eastern countries stem mostly from the policies of those governments . 
  for one , they 're pessimistic unlike the liberals etc. 
  who are optimistic . 
  they believe that the structure of the international system consists of nation-states , and that institutions offer a false promise . 
  so they look at the level of the nation-state to explain international politics , and how issues of power can explain state behavior , because a state wants first and foremost to ensure their survival , which is where militaries come in . 
  money is power , because that money could potentially be used to build a military , and such considerations are what drive the decisions of politicians . 
  there 's more to it , but this goes very much against the ` post-national ' or ` post-modern ' thesis that many europeans subscribe to today ( structural realism is very unpopular in europe , more popular in places like the us , russia and china ) . 
  if wars start breaking out in eu countries , how could the eu possibly be post-modern ? 
  that 's sort of what i meant . 
  though i think that open hostilities breaking out on the island of cyprus is very unlikely ; aside from the nato membership of all parties involved and other factors , that the west ` tolerates ' the ( unrecognized ) existence of the turkish republic of northern cyprus assuages most impulses towards violence .
