  human rights ) or global public goods . 
  this is why he has never written an academic paper in the field of politics - he could n't get published , because he 'd have to go through the peer review process , and his arguments are so full of gaping holes that whatever he would write would most likely get rejected every time . 
  chomsky is basically an ( neo ? ), 
  anarchist . 
  its clear what he stands against , but i ca n't help wondering what exactly it is that he stands * for * . 
  so , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  and germany has done a hell of a lot to right the wrongs transgressed in hitler 's last stand . 
  and i agree that its a very difficult subject - should denying the holocaust be legal in germany/austria/france today ? 
  the way i see it is if people are allowed to air such idiotic ideas , and likely thereby ruin their reputation , their arguments that they truly hold can be more properly dissected and refuted , and refuted at a very high level . 
  the idea is that once people who may hold ` holocaust denial ' tendencies can see that the guys espousing holocaust denial are totally full of shit , they will throw away such tendencies - thereby leading to a healthier society . 
  you write  and let the ones who oppose the freedom of religion ** ( or any freedom ) ** know : your time will be over - sooner or later . 
  then you write  [ those expressing an opinion you do not agree with ] should have their teeth kicked in before being sent to jail . 
  so what you 're saying is that sooner or later * your * time will be over ? 
  if germany does n't think that it as a society can handle idiotic holocaust deniers that it has problems ... as it stands now such opinions are just pushed underground and are n't dealt with as properly as they would be if it were not illegal . 
  but here you just prescribe ignoring the problem and recommending violence and groundless incarceration . 
  i ` hope ' your time will soon be over . 
  i 'll leave that point alone . 
  but i take it you believe ( as i do ) that holocaust denial should n't be a crime in germany and mein kampf should not be banned ? 
  this is the most politically correct thing i 've ever read in my entire life . 
  people laughing at animal cruelty, 
  you 're reddit cool, 
  i 've never been on a bus in europe where you get anything for free . 
  and why would anyone ` scold ' the bus driver for telling nervous jumpy fingers to stop pressing the door button ? 
  and who in their right mind would want to ` loot ' cheap turkish bus muffins ? 
  and why was i just called a motherfucker ? 
  so many questions . . 
  ( figured here was a good a place as any to butt in on / europe ) my issue with the relatively common european position on israel expressed by grass is that it never includes a balanced look . 
  i mean you have to be critical of the palestinians to an extent , even if not to the same extent as israel , otherwise you 're just basically saying ` they 're not white and educated , they 're stupid , they do n't know any better . 
  sam harris puts it better [ why do n't i criticize israel ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx-upcrejhc ) i disliked the poem , because apart from it just being political commentary , and not a real poem at all , it was too fucking one-sided . 
  did you really steal a bunch of shit ? 
  are you a thief or what, 
  just purchased robert kaplan 's ` the revenge of geography ' today . 
  the question is whether geopolitics trumps economics ; if it does , than structuralists have greater explanatory power , if not , liberals are more correct . 
  this is the first time i 've seen the phrase ` geo-economics ' , but the fact that ` geo ' is in the title goes to show that more and more people are becoming skeptical with the post-modern thesis and are accepting that we have not transcended history , but are living well within the midst of it . 
  i suspect that we will also be seeing a resurgence of structural realism in lieu of liberal institutionalism ( or rather , first realism , then liberalism , as opposed to blindly libeling realists as warmongers and liberals as peacemakers as seems to have been the prevailing wisdom in europe since especially the turn of the century or so ) . 
  meritocracy is more of a guiding principle for domestic public policy , usually functioning within a system of governance like democracy . 
  just saying, 
  yeah its a bit distasteful how a man as brilliant as [ erikson ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erik_erikson ) can just be swept aside as ` psychobabble ' on here and it gets upvotes . 
  that he won a pulitzer prize is even just a sidenote in his biography his work was so astounding . 
  though i do n't want kids right now , the reasons i do later seem to be perfectly described by erikson . 
  and if / u/right _ in-the-pussy thinks that parents are n't asking their kids to help with chores around the house or walk the fucking dog then i do n't know what to tell him, 
  cyprus is not a member of nato , turkey will not allow it , so what are you talking about ? 
  that 's only one of a myriad of factors . 
  * slightly embarassed, 
  some of you guys do n't like him much , i reckon you may think he 's a faux intellectual and such , but i ca n't find too many things to disagree with him on . 
  whoa , shots fired, 
   the thing that got me riled up about your comment was the juxtaposition of germans and their government . 
  yeah this is something i 'm specifically working on , because a lot of times over the last decade many have done the same thing about juxtaposing americans and the american government , and if i do n't like it when people do it towards me so i should n't do it to others . 
  i admit when i said ` germany ' above , that was kind of a short-hand for a vocal minority in germany ( as inaccurate as even that statement is ) . 
  i reckon a lot of the time , those criticising things in the us may sometimes say ` americans ' when what they mean are ` conservative american republicans ' . 
  for example , the same thing goes for russia - nemtsov was such a wonderful man , and if i criticize ` russia ' or ` russians ' in one fell swoop , i 'm necessarily criticizing who he was and all those in russia who agreed with him . 
  i do n't care , i was talking about the article specifically , not the general topic of ` spying in the west ' . 
  and do n't get me wrong i really , really like the general stance germany has on this . 
  i 'm very against the idea of the level of domestic and foreign spying the us is engaged in . 
  however , germany 's reaction to all this includes an element of hypocrisy ( though it is probably mostly non-hypocritical ) . 
  the element of hypocrisy in the reaction of germany is what i 'm talking about . 
  can you give a link to that text ? 
  germans : ( crickets ... ), 
  i meant institutionally , in terms of eu governance . 
  i was talking about the topic of federalisation . 
  the whole point of the eu is to diffuse power , rather than aggregate it . 
  finally we could get the cops involved . 
   that 's right , and the answer to that can not be the usual leftist reactions of tolerance and understanding . 
  by doing so , liberalism would undermine itself little by little . 
  we have a right to set limits . 
  ** we feel too guilty in europe -- our multicultural tolerance is the effluent of a bad conscience , of a guilt complex that could cause europe to perish . 
  ** the greatest threat to europe is its inertia , its retreat into a culture of apathy and general relativism . 
  i am dogmatic in that sense . 
  freedom can not be sustained without a certain amount of dogmatism . 
  i do n't want to cast doubt on everything or question everything . 
  liberal dogmatism is based on what hegel called moral substance . 
  that 's why i am also against every form of political correctness , which attempts to control something that should be a part of our moral substance with societal or legal bans . 
  the `` effluent '' ? 
  damn , shots fired !, 
  i did n't mean to write confusingly . 
  when i wrote `` i hope this is n't the start '' i sort of meant that a greece that misses an imf payment could lead to a greece possibly leaving the emu , which then could possibly lead to a greece exit from the eu far down the road . 
  it is sort of crazy that we 're all sort of half-expecting greece to go back to the drachma . 
  that would really be the first set-back of the european project , and - as slavoj zizek called it - its ` inertia ' . 
  it 's really starting to get a bit more uncertain than i realised . 
  a doc student in germany who taught us a class on eu governance awhile back , said one day to our class with utter certainty in her voice ` greece will * never * leave the eu ' . 
  i thought that statement was way over the top , because how can you know what will happen in 10 , 20 , 50 years . . 
  i hope this is n't the start , and that greece ` will ' be able to collect those few billions during the next 18 months or so to keep on an even keel . . it 'll be really big news if greece actually does miss its imf payment coming up here . 
  c'mon greece !, 
  you can do it !, 
  c'mon greece - there 's nothing to it !, 
   questions are fine , but nobody should be throwing their 2c in if they are not familar with the topic at hand . 
  someone on / europe needs to come up with an unofficial rules list for americans , and this should be like number 3 , with maybe a short intro including `` its possible to browse the sub without commenting '' . 
  would be epic, 
  dare we say that - europe and europeans are . . interesting ? 
  i would n't call him an ` avowed ' marxist , that 's actually a misrepresentation of his position , though he certainly does have a soft spot for some tenets of marxismm ( do n't we all ? 
  is that a fucking pun ? 
  yeah , they like it how you really stick it to the man !, 
   you 're oversimplifying what is an incredibly complex nation and conflating your assumptions about life in the united states with the actualities of living there . 
  but / jebusgobson is a mod of / shitamericanssay , what would his many fans think if he took a nuanced position about the us ? 
  surely , the ` evacuation of east prussia ' does n't account for all of the pows taken by the allies during ww2 ? 
  so then , how many ? 
  i do n't really think that in the nazi war machine allowed its soldiers much freedom of mobility to surrender , no ? 
  what a shit joke ;-), 
  i 've got to start a / jebusgobsonknowsitall subreddit . .
