has russia done anything culturally interesting in the last 60-70 years ? 
   here in norway , you pay a small sum remind me again how much norwegians pay in taxes , and how much a beer costs in oslo ? 
  i 've made a screen shot , and i 've tagged you on res . 
  anytime you make a comment , i 'll reply with the screen shot to let other people know what kind of person you are . 
  i 've been in europe 5 years , and i 'm coming back home this week . 
  if americans have really turned into that which you 're representing . . than not only will i return to germany , but i 'll start agreeing with europeans when they talk smack about americans instead of defending the us ( and ` americans ' ) at every turn - as i have this whole time . 
  pathetic . 
  are you done ? 
   go invent rectal choking . 
  it annoys me slightly , that these words - ` crafted ' by / u/hstark , were put together into an english language sentence , and that it now exists . 
  your opinion will never be taken seriously on / r/europe again , fella . 
  brilliant, 
  oh for christ 's sake, 
  interesting how we sometimes like to hear good things about our countries and do n't like to hear bad . 
  remember that next time you 're about to start talking politics with an american student . 
  he was also cut off at the end by jk , and it seemed like he was about to say something really nice , like he could n't finish his point before jimmy cut to break . 
  it 's about the meaning of words . 
  anyway , ` morons ' is n't a strong enough word to describe isis . 
  using the same word to describe tipping , which could be used to describe isis . 
  12 upvotes . 
  here 's another , mate . 
  do n't talk about the us as though we 're all republicans , dude . 
  clearly , you have not eaten $ 13 worth of [ taco bell after a night of binge drinking . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyxswjzsypa#t=34 ) i 'm not saying better . 
  i 'm saying - its a contender . 
  [ calm your tits , rick . 
  thanks for the level-headed comment . 
  i do n't know all of the details that i should about the argument , either , but coming from the point of anti-americanism in europe , i would never support something which would make that rise . 
  i think that it may very well be possible , that this agreement would actually lessen anti-americanism in europe , if i am right in that it would be at least as beneficial to europe as to america . 
  i think it may very well remind people that america is n't such an evil empire that some young folks think it is today , if they start to see their parents talking about how it 's overall a good deal for europe . 
  they might see older siblings getting good jobs relating to the agreement , etc. 
  and though i 'm not european , i 've been here for five years , just had a meeting with my doktorvater which makes me consider coming back here early next year for the long haul , and i have a masters in european studies from a danish university . 
  so i like to think i 'm somewhat an american voice that europeans would at least grant a little grudging respekt ;-), 
  i know its a touchy issue , i myself do n't even know all the details . 
  but , for example , regarding the secrecy issue , savannah jeff has already explained why this is so ( its so with all such governmental negotiations , and always has been , so why would ttip be any different ? ), 
  if you guys would just back up your statements with sources , you would n't hear from me . 
  and i do n't care if you do n't appreciate my comments based on nothing but my nationality - that 's your problem , not mine . 
  the way i see it is , after having lived in europe for five years , europe is in trouble and europeans seem to want to deny it away and just put faith in the eu . 
  the ttip may be exactly what europe needs to get back on its feet again - instead of tottering on the precipice of a third european recession , as the eu is today . 
  personally , i do n't see any professional future for me here , because of these structural economic problems , but i tried . 
  that gives me a dog in this fight to a certain extent - i have an opinion . 
  and exactly what you 're doing to me here - putting me in a box and informing me there are things i ca n't do because of my background , is a microcosm of the problem . 
  you do that instead of taking my words on their own merit . 
  and i want nothing to do with that philosophy . 
  someone described it as ethno-national conservatism . 
  i just do n't like seeing a brilliant commenter being down-voted based on nonsense . 
  here are some sources , giving the background to my opinion , which is that the ttip may very well be more beneficial to europe than the us . 
  [ europe 's economy : the world 's biggest economic problem ( oct ' 14 ) ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21627620-deflation-euro-zone-all-too-close-and-extremely-dangerous-worlds-biggest-economic?zid=307&amp;ah=5e80419d1bc9821ebe173f4f0f060a07 ) or just the [ general section on europe from the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/sections/europe?page=1 ) yeah , it 's bleak . 
  but it 's also the truth . 
  are you done ? 
  its annoying seeing the orange mail indicator, 
  who is ` they ' ? 
  nevermind . 
  you act as though your general statement , i.e. 
  that people are n't paying attention to politics , is something new just because you just became aware of it . 
  just saying , next time , do n't pull statistics out of the ground . 
   no matter which way uk goes , no matter how obstructive uk has been , the eu has integrated more and more . 
  the treaty of lisbon enabled the european commission to be more political than ever before . 
  uk did n't stop that . 
  integration will go on , there is no way back . 
  with our without the uk . 
  man , that 's a scary tone that 's being taken here . 
  if i were british , i would n't want anything to do with it . 
  for me personally , ` european greens ' is not a political place i take seriously . 
  i do n't take much of left-wing european politics seriously ( in germany , the left called for eur 1,000 / mo. 
  for every fluechling / refugee . 
  where would * that * money come from ? ), 
  and the european left does n't seem to realize how close it is on a lot of issues to the european right . 
  they certainly both hate obama . 
  anyway , fuck ` european greens ' , long story short . 
  who are you that you think you know what `` most '' americans know and do n't know ? 
  i think you 're probably still a teenager . 
  you write like one would . 
  nothing against that , but you should n't write like you know more than you do is all i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not sure which of my questions you are responding to , or why - if you responded at all - why you did n't acknowledge the others . 
  of course , i like this guy , and i like conyers . 
  but that is beside the point . 
  who do you mean by ` they ' ? 
  do you know ? 
  if you 're american and have irish roots , and you say this to an irish person , they will probably self-immolate out of anger . 
  not sure why ( do n't care ) . 
  i have heard of such things . 
  just let it go , man . . let it go . 
  can you stop being a thing ? 
  you say ` they ' . 
  who is ` they ' ? 
  ` they ' are the exact same people , negotiating the ttip ? 
  where is the connection ? 
  are you so sure of what you 're talking about ? 
  do you realise that this paper is from 2009 , using data that is at latest from the bush administration ? 
  i do n't trust anything you write , because you.don ` t.give.a.fucking.source . 
  if you make a statement , find the original source and post it , would you already ? 
  why is that such an alien concept ? 
  you idiots down-voting savannah jeff are down-voting the only voice of reason here . 
  and who knows what the hell / u/christ0ph means when he says that americans never `` wanted a neoliberal administration . '', 
  neoliberalism has to do with economics , with the idea of free trade , and a governmental administration deals in all areas of running a country , not just the economic side . 
  so already , this comment reeks of bs . 
  did you see how barroso [ reacted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pzh2q9ibhs ) when putin was ` fashionably late ' for some dinner the other day ? 
  what a little bitch . 
  i do n't know how europeans put up with him .
