  it does n't ` just ' end on a tone of putin does n't know what he 's doing - for me , it more ends on a tone of ` we ca n't explain this , but let 's try ' . 
  realism is the lens through which to understand this conflict . 
  in lieu of writing my opinions , contrast this video with this article : [ ` why the ukraine crisis is the west 's fault : the liberal delusions that provoked putin ' ( sep/oct 2014 issue , john j mearsheimer ) ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141769/john-j-mearsheimer/why-the-ukraine-crisis-is-the-wests-fault ) i 've stood behind everything mearsheimer says on international politics , and i 'm not going to stop now . 
  edit : here 's an excerpt  putin 's actions should be easy to comprehend . 
  a huge expanse of flat land that napoleonic france , imperial germany , and nazi germany all crossed to strike at russia itself , ukraine serves as a buffer state of enormous strategic importance to russia . 
  no russian leader would tolerate a military alliance that was moscow 's mortal enemy until recently moving into ukraine . 
  nor would any russian leader stand idly by while the west helped install a government there that was determined to integrate ukraine into the west . 
  re : the rest of your points , all of them are valid . 
  but i say let 's keep a cool head , let russia know we take its actions very seriously , and use all of the non-lethal tools at our disposal . 
  i have a friend here in germany , she 's from eastern ukraine , and she 's visiting her parents in late september for a few weeks . 
  if the situation were so bad , that that would n't be * possible * for her to do ( as in , if her parents had to flee fighting ) , then we would be talking about a different situation . 
  if instead of russians sort of mocking prisoners from the ukrainian side by making them jump up and down for its own sake , slapping a few on camera , and berating them in russian - it were a * real * prisoners of war situation ? 
  human rights abuses and the whole nine ? 
  then that 's a whole different scenario . 
  we 're not there , and it does n't look like the conflict will escalate out of control into full scale warfare . 
  as such , if my friend can still go home without too many worries , lethal aid in this case is premature . 
  as a side note , i hope this conflict sees germany grow into its boots as an actor with real power to help shape events and outcomes for the positive . 
  and right now , germany has ceased treating putin like a child and is beginning to stand up to him . 
  good for you , germany . 
  we sure could use some help !, 
  - keep it up , we trust you : we also need you . 
  the work is never done , the end of history wo n't come sometime soon anyway , and we need to talk seriously about how to work together to achieve humanitarian and liberal outcomes through using realist means . 
  such as the use of hard power that is the levying of economic sanctions . 
  maybe we 'll even see a surge in interest in realism in the european academy . 
  realism - nobody likes it , but it 's the most correct lens we 've got , and that 's the tragedy . 
   i do n't know or really give a shit what the us will or should do . 
  i do know that europe needs to protect and welcome ukraine into the free world . 
  of course , in the case that it is not the us , but it is europe , that undertakes certain action regarding the crisis ( such as sending german-made , french-made , british-made weapons ) , then i would have not much business with an opinion . 
  whether for or against , i would feel like ` let europe do what it wants ' . 
  it 's the involvement or non-involvement of the us that i have a strong opinion about . 
   but ukraine ? 
  this is the core of what europe is about when you write this man , i do n't think i 'm wrong in that this would be the liberal position . 
  liberals , believe in the inalienability of global human rights , in the good in human nature , that people deserve to be happy , that needless suffering can be prevented by the use of technology and power . 
  there 's a lot of good in liberalism . 
  wilsonianism is another good word for what i mean . 
  but the opposite position is realism . 
  europeans were always asking why the us spends so much ( 700 billion/year ) on defense . 
  europeans said that this money could go to health care , to education . 
  many liberals in the us said that . 
  * i * said that . 
  and i still say that . 
  ( 400 billion seems a happy medium , then we 'll see from there ) the thing is , that liberalism is what got us - at least partially - in iraq . 
  i know europe had it pretty rough during at least half of the entire 20th century . 
  but to my mind , this is kind of a wake up call , that there is a real need for defense budgets in the relative stratosphere , for an american population that is proud and patriotic and holds liberal values that is willing to spend so much and take action when no one else will . 
  to lead . 
  now we 're seeing the end of an era , of absolute unipolarity . 
  russia is reminding the world that it 's not out of the game , it just needed a few decades to get its legs from out underneath her and start to stand on her own two feet again . 
  russia is also reminding europe , that it is more powerful than europe seemed to realize , and then europe 's next thought is a realist 's worry , in that you can never be sure about the intentions of another state . 
  russia is not a benevolent hegemon in the same manner that the us is . 
  i mean , if russia catches a boat full of pirates at sea , there 's a fair chance that the russian navy on site - after capturing the pirates after a fight i guess - may very well just de-arm them , put them back in the boat , rig the boat with enough c4 to blow it sky high , let it drift for twenty minutes out of shrapnel range , and press the button . 
  what we should be very careful about , is any action at all . 
  we should definitely look at all the angles and think think think . 
  and foremost , for me anyway , i think such conflicts should be approached from a realist perspective . 
  liberalism definitely has a dark side . 
  sorry about that , and my tone and what not . 
  i would n't exactly stand behind the few posts above , word for word , if i had the choice . 
  it 's just the this guy is absolutely talking about the possibility of the start of a great conflict between the us and russia , and that 's actually the last thing we need right now . 
  i mean , how much time did we spend talking about ukraine , or crimea , this time last year ? 
  how about the year before that ? 
  putin is doing what he is doing , because he knows that ukraine just is n't that important to the overall liberal international system . 
  ( for example , aka direct us interests ) putin threatening ukraine does n't have so much , in the end , to do with american interests . 
  ( it 's not as though the ` fight them over there so we do n't have to fight them over here ' arguement works in this situation ) i support the way in which obama is approaching this whole situation , and being really careful . 
  the last thing we need , i mean my god , the last thing we need is to be sending arms which are to be used to either kill russian-backed ukrainian rebels , or even russian soldiers themselves . 
  the implications are huge . 
  a really * bad * idea . 
  now arming the pesh merga in iraq to fight is , that 's an idea i can get behind . 
  again , though , apologize about the tone . 
  i wrote that in the middle of having a few friends over and should have concentrated on not sounding like an asshole . 
  sorry if i did . 
  why is it the responsibility of the united states , to arm ukraine ? 
  what i 'm saying , in the end , is that i 'm sure you guys would have been feeling the same as me - flabbergasted , dumbfounded , dumbstruck , speechless - heading day after day all these guys like krauthammer and including him pushing the us towards war . 
  anything from him - for me - is the same as reading the writings of a hypocrit . 
  because , in my opinion , iraq was against the best interests of the us , and not only that , but clearly so . 
  so i come across something he wrote , my visceral reaction turns into such a response . 
  i would hate that fucker so much , but i do n't want to suffer needless negative emotion and that story , so i do n't let him negatively affect me personally ... 
  i just look at everything he says or writes as garbage . 
  and you guys should too . 
  i guess you do . 
  ( again , sorry if i seemed condescending ! ), 
  i guess one thing i 'm referring to is ` hidden agendas ' . 
  sometimes its difficult to figure out where the truth ends and where a person 's possible hidden agenda begins . 
  to know the author 's work who is writing an article , an article which contains opinion ( or very strong opinion ) this is also where the media comes into play - is the article written from a neutral standpoint , or - for example rt or fox news - is there a general message you should be aware exists before spending time with articles from such sources ? 
  all i 'm trying to say , is that charles krauthammer was one of these iraq cheerleaders , and people should know that . 
  just like citing rush limbaugh does n't work . 
  not a reliable source . 
  what i have more interest in , actually , is knowing where krauthammer 's opinion exists in reality . 
  does he really think that obama is so stupid , that he has n't given a lot of thought to krauthammer 's exact position ? 
  are there any * reasons * that obama has n't chosen to go in that direction ? 
  of course - we are talking about matters of war , it does n't get more serious . 
  people are talking about how there was a chance a month ago or so , for the ukrainian side to ` defeat ' the russian-backed rebels . 
  that may be so , but that would be short term . 
  russia will * still * be there - and what ? 
  do we want a russia that feels indignant and angry because 1,000 russian-backed rebels were killed in a ukrainian military offensive ? 
  a ` surge ' , of sorts ? 
  how would russia react to such an embarrassing defeat ? 
  it 's a similar situation with bush , where bush said something , and he had to go through with it - otherwise he would appear weak . 
  i do n't think that sadamm hussein even believed bush when he said saddam had 48 hours to leave iraq , otherwise we were invading . 
  * had * bush reneged on that threat , he would have looked * very * weak . 
  putin is in a similar situation , in that he does not want to look weak . 
  * that * would be a very bad thing , for the russian people to see .
