  austria is a joke . 
  it is n't even a member of nato , because its little constitution says it ca n't join a military alliance , though its sure that austria enjoys basically all of the benefits of nato membership . 
  got to hand it to them . 
  why say something so silly in the first place ? 
  anyway , i thought we were done here . 
  throwing my hat in with / u/savannajeff, 
   that 's all i can say without knowing any details of the treaty . 
  fuck catholicism, 
  if you 're 18 and you 're lucky enough to have a new car that you need for your job that pays you only minimum wage for which you have to drive across the country a few times per year ... 
  if you said that you often make childish comments quite often , then you 'd be getting warmer . 
  in the end - i digress . . you 're just too darn edgy for me . 
  even your suggestion ... man , that was pure blade-edge . 
  fun fact , site named thefacebook.com recently launched . 
  i have you tagged in res as ` asshole ', 
  cool - i know i can come off as a dick sometimes , i do n't mean it , i just have n't been home in ` far ' too long is all . . do n't worry about that quatsch i said , whatever it was in the first place, 
  ;-) i love you guys !, 
  sheiss egal about all that other shit bro , you guys are alright by me ;-) i 'll not talk too much shit in the future eh ? 
  all best , and lets drink some beers this weekend in europe . . / do n't forget about halloween next friday . . surfin 's gon na be good !, 
  you 're so cool m8, 
  imo there 's almost no difference in the world views , manners of thought , and cultural heritage , between most canadians and most americans ( at least ) from the west coast , the pacific north-west , the northern mid-west and the north east . 
  to clarify , i meant that in two areas . 
  the first has to do with the average european everything else being equal , from which i 'd exclude those countries . 
  then , you have the level of professionals . 
  if we 're talking about the $ 92,000 dollar salary range , once you start earning that kind of money in europe , you may start wondering if there are greener pastures elsewhere ( i.e. 
  switzerland or the us ) . 
  that 's where europe 's brain drain problem comes from . 
  source : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jx3tf/edoardo_campanella_oct_2014_come_home_europeans/ i do n't mean you guys right now , but in 10 years or whatever when you have specialist and technical knowledge/ability that earns you close to six figures in europe , i guarantee you you 'll at least take a look at possibilities in the us . 
  if you could make double what you earn , and live somewhere like northern california , you do n't think you 'd make the jump ? 
  i would exclude the french , british , scandinavians , and maybe the dutch and half of germany from that statement . 
  while secretly wishing you were a dual us/eu citizen ;-) ** edit : ** such down-vote , wow , many eye roll , wow , is very of edgy , european so cool wow !, 
  welcome to london - one of the most important hubs in the multipolar economic universe . 
   with european policymakers still struggling to save the continent 's common currency from ruin , they must now confront what could be an even bigger economic problem . 
  europe 's economy is on the brink of a catastrophic skills shortage . 
  despite an extremely underutilized labor force , approximately 27 percent of job vacancies created each year in the major european economies go unfilled because of a lack of appropriately skilled applicants . 
  by 2020 , the continent 's digital sector alone will be short 900,000 professionals , whereas the dynamic german economy will experience a shortage of one million workers skilled in science , engineering , mathematics , and technology . 
   some policymakers have acknowledged the looming problem . 
  the outgoing european commissioner for youth and education , androulla vassiliou , recently stated that the skills shortage will damage `` the aspirations of europe 's young people and , ultimately , our future prosperity . '' so far , however , they have chosen the wrong means for addressing it . 
  the eu has taken steps to loosen immigration policies in order to attract skilled foreigners from around the world . 
  but it would be far more efficient , politically and economically , for europe to focus on reattracting talented europeans who have left the continent to work elsewhere . 
  remigration -- not immigration -- should be brussels ' top priority . 
   europe is faced with a serious brain drain problem . 
  since the introduction of the euro , more qualified workers have left europe than have newly arrived . 
  in the pre-crisis years , the 15 countries that adopted the euro currency exhibited , on average , a net loss of around 120,000 postsecondary-educated workers each year . 
  they were mainly attracted by the united states ' higher salaries , world-class universities , and efficient bureaucracy . 
  in the years leading up to the great recession , from 2000 to 2008 , italy lost around 1.5 million professionals -- many of them with very advanced skills . 
   the euro crisis worsened this hemorrhage of talent . 
  in recent years , europe has witnessed an exodus of highly qualified professionals from ireland , italy , greece , portugal , and spain -- the countries hardest hit by the crisis -- in search of better opportunities abroad . 
  each year , 100,000 skilled professionals are leaving portugal , responding to a call by prime minister pedro passos coelho to his country 's jobless to move abroad . 
  and the search for better opportunities is no longer confined mostly to the united states : europeans are increasingly migrating to africa and south america as well . 
  given that europe 's higher education system is predominantly funded by national governments , this migration pattern is especially devastating : in financial terms , each skilled worker who leaves the continent represents a significant failed investment . 
   to reverse the trend , the european commission launched the blue card initiative in 2011 , modeled on the u.s. green card program that grants visas to foreigners who wish to work in the united states . 
  brussels hoped to attract 20 million highly skilled workers , with a special focus on engineers , corporate strategists , and biotech workers . 
  but the results have been an embarrassment . 
  in 2012 and 2013 , the eu ultimately granted fewer than 20,000 visas -- a pittance compared with the ongoing exodus from southern europe . 
   there is little reason to expect a dramatic shift in these numbers anytime soon . 
  even if europe 's economy improves , talented immigrants will still likely find other regions of the world more enticing . 
  europe 's regulatory barriers to innovation and linguistic fragmentation are deterrents , as is the rise of populist parties , which are sometimes xenophobic , across the continent . 
   that 's why european policymakers should focus more on the advantages of remigration . 
  at a time of economic stagnation , return immigration would be more politically palatable for the european public ; it would also be more economically efficient . 
  for one , thanks to their strong emotional attachment to their land , returnees are generally more dedicated and committed to improving their communities . 
  immigrants , by contrast , tend to struggle with integration and are less engaged in the political life of their host country . 
  further , they often send a significant chunk of their earnings to their home countries in order to help their families . 
   returnees also arrive in europe with new human , social , and financial capital . 
  thanks to their professional and educational experiences abroad , returnees often foster the transfer of new technologies and encourage fruitful intellectual exchanges with the international labor force . 
  if they have accumulated savings abroad , returnees can also help establish innovative new businesses , adapting successful models that they encountered during their years abroad . 
  and unlike immigrants , who strategically move to countries where attitudes toward innovators are already positive , returnees tend to possess the emotional resolve to bear the costs of disrupting socioeconomic systems that are characterized by a strong immunity to change . 
   european policymakers should design policies to attract fellow citizens who are currently living abroad . 
  returnees should be offered tax credits , preferential tracks to enter the job market , and special access to credit to run a business . 
  to keep costs down , these reintegration policies should be targeted at specific age groups and skill sets . 
  engineers , scientists , and digital entrepreneurs below the age of 40 should be a priority , because they are the most likely to set up new companies and boost the growth of the economy . 
   nevertheless , the most brilliant emigrants wo n't be persuaded to return solely on the basis of financial incentives . 
  they will also want to feel that europe offers them the best opportunity to realize their potential . 
  this will require structural changes to the european economy : european policymakers should remove regulatory barriers to innovation , open up insular universities to innovative research and teaching methods that are used abroad , and encourage continuous intellectual exchange between the private and public sectors . 
  in general , europe 's conservative attitude toward innovation and entrepreneurship needs to profoundly change . 
  rather than be fearful of economic dynamism , europeans need to embrace it . 
   engaging the european diaspora will not necessarily be a panacea for europe 's economic challenges . 
  there are at least two reasons why . 
  first , eu member states will not evenly share the benefits of remigration . 
  those countries that are most in need of human capital will struggle to create attractive environments for returnees . 
  indeed , if southern europeans return to europe , they might prefer to move to the more stable countries of northern europe . 
   second , remigration will inevitably be a source of social tensions . 
  those who have never left the country might resent the preferential treatment offered to returnees and could challenge their privileges . 
  for that reason , it will be important for european policymakers to make investments in order to avoid widening inequality , not only in terms of income but also in terms of human capital . 
  for example , governments should fund lifelong learning programs and other employment training programs . 
   ultimately , europeans need to acknowledge that only radical reforms can reverse the tide of the ongoing brain drain . 
  it wo n't be easy to lure the most talented europeans back home , but the continent has no other choice . 
  otherwise , talented people -- regardless of the passports they hold -- will shy away from europe , to the detriment of the continent 's present and future economy . 
  maybe he 's just lonely ? 
  can you give me a tl ; dr ? 
  you have had a reddit account for two months , during which you have racked up a grand total of ... minus 58 karma points . 
  you * are * a child , which is why i am speaking to you as though you were a child . 
  are you still posting on / r/europe with your dumbass ? 
  look at how much you 're being downvoted in this sub . 
  almost everything you unfortunately post is downvoted . 
  maybe you would be a better fit over at / r/european ? 
  see - that 's what i mean . 
  stop that . 
  edit : / u/idle _ villager wrote `` it means that you 're too stupid to be insulted '' . 
  then deleted . 
  what a guy .
