  and it plays it again in slow motion . 
  and i think a mass execution one guy with a pistol . 
  sick . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's just some angry american kid who does n't have a girlfriend . 
  somehow i do n't think you 'd have the presence of mind to troll with us military personnel walking briskly towards you with a black helicopters in the background . . 
  so maybe if merkel wants to drop bombs in the middle east , she just has to do some serious mental gymnastics ? 
  problem solved . 
  nothing you just said is wrong , but europeans ' ( or germans ' ) `` feelings '' are getting hurt by your meany little post , so they down-voted you . 
  they would rather think they are the most perfect global actor , and anything you say to the contrary will get you a lot of ` what-about-ism ' and other deflectory bullshit . 
  i gave you an upvote , though , eh ? 
  ha , i do n't support censorship . 
  in the summer of 2010 , i had rt on my television for six months or so . 
  it was such bullshit . 
  then i discovered reddit a year ago , right around the time rt was banned . 
  i was like ` thank god the people over here see the propaganda bullshit i saw ' . 
  so when someone links directly to an rt article , i do n't take the story seriously . 
  this post seems like a very interesting story , and i would really like to read about it . 
  my point is that another source , not rt , should be used to relay an interesting story . 
  and this story is definitely quite interesting . 
  fuck rt. 
  you germans have a tendency to forget , that the main reason us troops were stationed in germany at first , and a remaining reason that has perhaps diminished but not dissolved over the decades of the cold war and into the 20th century - is to reassure our european allies that they will not have to worry about being invaded by germany again . 
  another reason , is to keep russia in check . 
  third reason , force projection . 
  fourth , prestige . 
  of course , germany can ask the us to leave . 
  but one part of the reason that germany will * not * ask the us to leave , at least anytime soon , is that germany does not want to engage in behavior on the international stage that starts making other states , other european states , nervous about germany and germany 's intentions again . 
  not once have i ever heard this important part of the calculus of us troops being stationed in germany - mentioned by a german when talking about the 40,000 us troops on german soil . 
  whatever , you 9/11 truther, 
  of course you do n't want to * think * that germany , your country , is running a predatory scam on europe . 
  that does n't mean that it is n't . 
  it 's so perfect , and what i would call `` very german '' . 
  you have full plausible deniability . 
  you can just say `` well if the southern european countries could get their act together and read an economics book , then the currency would be valued properly . 
  what can we do ? '', 
  the thing is , that germany * always * knew that these countries would have problems with their economies . 
  this meant that germany * always * knew , when they were discussing the idea of a shared currency during the '90s , that this would be the case - and , precisely , that this would mean the currency would likely be artificially deflated which would in turn mean good things for german exporters and good news for the german economy . 
  i mean , this scam worked so well , that germany did n't even get hit so much during the 2008 recession . 
  a little kurzarbeit here , a few euros thrown over there , and home free !, 
  riding waves . 
  the question of how important germany 's scam actually is , to the current general bad economic outlook for europe is debatable . 
  but to say  the euro does not seem to have anything to do with the current development . 
  seems to me to be basically flat out wrong . 
  also , no sources to back up this assertion . 
  ( i can give you the official us report on the situation , that germany * slandered * as being ` incomprehensible ' , if you want a source from me ) and this  already before the euro germany had a strong export industry . 
  is just the most superficial analysis . 
  regardless , should n't there be a rule against linking to rt articles ? 
  do n't brush . 
  * wash * . 
  all things considered , the least russia can do in this situation is treat the ukrainians who want to move to russia and become russian citizens relatively well . 
   the whole country would know and be extremely angry . 
  yeah , unless putin would address the situation by reassuring his dear folk that , no matter the truth of the story , the story is just `` a provocation '' . 
   the operation for invading crimea officially started before yanukovich lost majority support in the parliament , thus it invalidates one of mearsheimer 's key arguments - that putin had no intention to invade crimea , but reacted to the situation as it developed . 
  do n't you think that putin , as well as a very large number of russians probably ( how big , i do n't know ) , had the re-annexation of crimea on their minds for at least the last decade or two ? 
  annexing entire regions is not an action that comes out of thin air , and just because they do n't write about it as an officially held-public position does n't mean that they did n't have their eye on it . 
  reacting to a situation as it develops , and exploiting a situation in order to achieve long-held goals are two different things . 
  anyway , it seems that you are arguing that ukraine 's location as a border state with russia is not that important to russia . 
  * of course * it is . 
  whether ukraine becoming integrated with the eu and a possible nato candidate is a threat to russia , well as mearsheimer says , it 's not up to us what russia deems as a threat . 
   the operation for invading crimea officially started before yanukovich lost majority support in the parliament , thus it invalidates you say here , ` officially ' . 
  what about ` unofficially ' ? 
  do you know , or are you just guessing ? 
  [ russia and the menace of unreality : how vladimir putin is revolutionizing information warfare . 
  sep 9 2014 , * the atlantic * ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/09/russia-putin-revolutionizing-information-warfare/379880/ ), 
   the whole article falls apart on close inspection . 
  no , it does n't . 
  you did n't do one thing to refute mearcheimer 's article . . you just took issue with two tit-tat little details that i 'm sure could be argued about on both sides . 
  the article is about putin and realism , not the spanish american war , cuban independence , the medals awarded to soldiers who participated in the invasion of crimean , or 8th graders . 
  way to ignore the article in total , while somehow making an argument that you think is against the article in total . 
  yeah but you 're ruining the german guy 's fantasy about one day waging full scale warfare against the us with all that logic . 
  do you think putin would be doing what he is doing if ukraine had nukes ? 
  are you guys talking about a ` euroarmy ' as though thats possible ? 
  i mean , if you want to be taken seriously ... 
  got ta do better than that on this sub you gon na be dropping sieg heil bombs w / that flag, 
  - mearsheimer is not a joke . 
  ( there 's at * least * a 50 % chance that the potus reads the articles that mearsheimer writes and has published in such publications as * foreign affairs * and * the national interest * . 
  how could such a person you call a joke , be able to claim such a thing ? ), 
  - i 'm sure stephen walt would say pretty much the same . 
  ( and he 's definitely not a joke ) - if you can explain why you disagree , feel free to do so . 
  this video is bullshit . 
  i can see why people are confused . 
  first , this guy in the video ( who 's probably not studied ir ) says that only in late 2012 did putin `` shift political strategies '' ( whatever that 's supposed to mean ) from `` economic growth to anti-western paranoia , conservative christian orthodoxy , and a russian imperial revival of nationalism '' . 
  this is a meaningless statement . 
  ok , so that ` era ' was supposed to have started around the end of 2012 ( date of article flashed briefly ) , to `` skip ahead to the end of 2013 '' . 
  ok , - we have n't missed anything here , have we ? 
  ( i know i know , ` explained in 2 minutes ' ) but anyway , this is the part of the video that 's biggest bullshit :  when the government falls thats when he invades to annex crimea ; he gains a huge popularity boost in russia it works out for him wonderfully politically . . * and he gets addicted to it * . 
  and that 's why , shortly after , he starts supporting these pro-russia separatist rebels . . oh , really ? 
  he started supporting the ` pro-russian separatist rebels ' - what - simply because he was * addicted * to the feeling from a boost in domestic political approval numbers ? 
  that 's so superficial . 
  and it sort of paints putin as this two-dimensional simpleton who somehow ca n't control his own emotions or something . 
  what this video is about is using liberalism to explain international conflict . 
  liberals believe that economics trumps geopolitics , while realists think that geopolitics trumps economics . 
  putin , according to this video , was chugging along fine , a nice integrated piece of the liberal international system . 
  then , for some reason , he started acting as though geopolitics was more important for him ( and russia ) than economics . 
  to explain this , liberalism is at a loss . 
  so , it just gives the explanation - that putin is not a rational actor . 
  that putin was 'em otional ' , and he did something against his own best interests , is the simple ( almost * too * simple wink wink ) way that liberalism explains things it ca n't explain . 
  the video finishes on the guy telling us that putin 's actions are clearly `` not in the long-term strategic interests '' of russia - again , highlighting the supposed irrationality of putin . 
  the guy then says that putin has no strategy , and ends by saying that putin just `` got pulled in '' . 
  the tone it ends on is that putin has no idea what he 's doing . 
  such liberal institutionalist bullshit .
