  the * implications * is what i am most interested in . 
  and it is these implications , that i 'm not sure you have fully thought out . 
  ok , so in lieu of us going back and forth - can you give me a source , a paper , written by someone else , that essentially describes your worldview/opinion ? 
  me , i will here give you a source , a paper , which describes my basic worldview/opinion . 
  press , h.m. sapolsky . 
  come home america : the strategy of restraint in the face of temptation . 
  * international security * , vol . 
  ] ( http://www.dartmouth.edu/~dpress/docs/press_come_home_america_is.pdf ), 
  first of all , i do n't even have to look to see that you are posting something about noam chomsky . 
  and chomsky , for better or worse , is a left wing anarchist . 
  but i could tell that about you , already . 
  you only listen to those people who make arguments that make you feel good , and you have n't done any research - hard , dedicated research - reading those opinions who you do n't agree with right now . 
  this is very common with reddit , and young people who are very left-wing . 
  what country are you from ? 
  if you do n't live in the us , then you have no idea what it is really like from the media . 
  anyway , i 'm not sure that you realize that you are advocating that western values such as doing what we can to stop genocide - should be ignored . 
  you do n't seem to realize how superficial your argument is . 
   second , they would n't be able to commit the genocide without western technology rwanda , the genocide was committed with machetes . 
  do you have any printed sources , of opinions of at least one other person who has written an article on the topic - who agrees with you ? 
  or is this just all your personal opinion . 
  i see a lot of holes in your argument , that you do n't seem to see . 
  should we live in a world , full of genocides happening all around the world ? 
  maybe , next year , in total - according to your worldview - we 'll have ten or twenty million people with their heads cut off all around the world at various hot spots ? 
  after all - it 's for a good cause , right ? 
  for the building of those nations done by the inhabitants themselves without western intervention ... no ? 
  chavez was a [ human rights abuser , ] ( http://www.hrw.org/news/2013/03/05/venezuela-chavez-s-authoritarian-legacy ) too . 
  or is that just contextual ? 
  5-6 days in paris , jan 2007 , best vacation of my life . 
  had the best pizza of my life , stayed at the peace and love hostel , hung out with a bunch of australians . 
   to be fair chavez is a hero . 
  first , that 's a very biased statement , ergo it can not be `` fair '' to say that . 
  second , chavez 's ability to do the good things he did , to whatever extent he did , for the poor of venezuela was based entirely off of selling oil . 
  selling that oil on the markets of the liberal international system set up by the us . 
  yet , you argue against the very existence of those markets . 
   then you want to criticize other countries that are more free ? 
  usa is n't murdering reporters in the street or throwing politicians out of office by decree for being `` anti-american '' . 
   if one country is worse than the other , does n't mean you should only criticize one of them . 
  this is the basis of ` whataboutism ' , pure and simple . 
   the first step to solving a problem , is realizing there is a problem . 
  when someone tries to help you overcome your problem and you refuse to accept that you have a problem you 'll become very defensive and even aggressive towards the other person . 
  the same principle works for nations . 
  that is my whole point . 
  why ca n't you understand this ? 
  in other words , you think that russia * should * be treated like a ` slow ' child , as merkel as of late has been accused of treating russia similarly to . 
   not so much after patriot act you lost me here . 
  you made some good points above , but this is an inaccurate statement . 
  you try to summarize a huge topic ( i.e. 
  levels of freedom in the united states as enjoyed by 350 american citizens ) with a * cutesy * little jab about the patriot act ? 
  i have n't heard * anything * about the patriot act being specifically invoked in the media in ... well ... a long time . 
  your information you are using to make points is old , outdated , and inaccurate . 
  that makes me suspicious about all of the rest of your argument points . 
  skeptical . 
  and i feel pretty good about - now - not taking your opinion very seriously . 
  you had me a little bit interested in your first and follow up posts in this thread , though . 
  what a shame you could n't retain accuracy and true logical conclusions based on an analysis of all perspectives . 
  so , are you a full supporter of the non-intervention of western governments in rwanda during the rwandan genocide of 1994 ? 
  this was clinton 's policy . 
  so , you * would * be in agreement with clinton 's policy vis-a-vis rwanda in 1994 . 
  although , clinton later said that his biggest regret during his presidency is that he did n't intervene . . 
  i wonder how far your doctrine of non-intervention and neo-isolationism goes , is all . 
  ( it 's ok - a * part * of me is a neo-isolationist , too . . another part not , i 'm ambivalent , but at least i * admit * that i 'm ambivalent . 
  you seem to be advocating a position of strict non-humanitarian intervention on the behalf of western governments . 
  what about is ? ), 
  are you done ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  can you give me a break ? 
  also ,  as you have yourself people travel , this sentence makes my head hurt . 
  roger . 
  tomorrow night is a huge goa party for me , should be sweet !!, 
  here 's one of my favorite [ music performances ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xj3l5f_the-pogues-the-body-of-an-american_music ) of all time . 
  ( i remember seeing this live on television when i was a kid ), 
  where did you come from - twice now is it ? 
  is n't it almost 1am on a friday night in ireland right now ? 
  do n't you have better things to do ? 
   but i enjoy discussing my views with people that have differing ones . 
  me too bro . 
  it 's just that sometimes - nothing to do with you - i sense on this sub especially that sometimes people give arguments that are n't in good faith . 
  five years in europe has given me a nose for sensing certain points of view people sometimes try to get across without explicitly saying it . 
  ( which was my problem with op 's title/thread in the first place ) then again , i know i can come across as too touchy/sensitive sometimes . 
  i 'll keep that in mind for next time . 
  have a good weekend this one , and as my last side-note , here 's to shane macgowan, 
  yeah , that was an insult . 
  but it was n't towards you . 
  i reckon my point was that i thought i gave a pretty decent argument and a source backing up my assertion . 
  and for me we had moved past - ok - my `` perceived '' insult of you towards me ( i 've lived in europe for the last five years and have a masters degree in european studies from two european universities , currently a phd student in europe ) . . and then i wake up today and someone else jumped in with his 2 cents without adding anything of substance . 
  it happens a lot on here . 
  the topic of this sub is really interesting to me , but i see a lot of half-truths on here . 
  furthermore , people on here just jump on you because of the little american flag , without saying why - usually , because they do n't have a reason why , they just like jumping on you . 
  when i make statements that i know may seem ` controversial ' , i 'm always sure to back it up with a first rate source , but time and time again , people just ignore it , and its frustrating . 
  that 's what i originally meant when i said op could do better . 
  as a side note , other people have called out op on this thread for misrepresenting the information he presented . 
   your knowledge of the euro and eu seem very limited and misinformed . 
  i even gave a source from which i based my opinion on . 
  the authors of that article wrote  indeed , our argument complements economist barry eichengreen 's conclusion in his book exorbitant privilege that the u.s. dollar will persist as the main global reserve currency due to lack of a fit alternative . 
  you seem to be arguing against that , but you did n't give any sources for your opinion , and your response added up to - for me - ` europe as a whole is economically quite strong ' instead of ` europe is so strong the euro will take its place alongside the dollar as reserve currency ' . 
  there 's just too many problems with the euro , in my opinion , for people to make arguments of where it will be in a few decades . 
  it 's probably the number two currency in the world , all things considered , but the differences between the dollar and the euro for me do n't add up to concluding what you did . 
  that 's why i asked for sources . 
  i 've never heard anyone make that argument before . 
  ** edit : ** i 've also lived in europe for the last 5 years .
