  first of all , it 'll likely create an enourmous amount of jobs , and would breathe some dynamism into the european economy . . 
  i seem to remember reading on / r/europe today an article about europe actually legitimately being in an economic depression . 
  you got wrecked, 
  you 're so brave with your opinions , and your opinions are so prevalent , because you do n't have a job !, 
  you 're just a university student . 
  now your story becomes more clear to me . 
  i guess you 're also quite young , eh ? 
  good to know - now i can completely ignore your opinion as one coming from a little student revolutionary who 's mommy/government buys him his food and pays for his rent and probably has n't worked a day in his life . 
  oh you cute little thing you !, 
  let the dutch population bloom to 350 million people in a counterfactual scenario and tell me what your crime statistics would be * then * . 
  it 's impossible to tell , but my point is that it is * much * easier to run a society of 80 million like germany , than 350 million . 
  do i like the situation in the u.s. about cops ? 
  not the stuff i read about in the media , anyway . 
  do i like the idea of giving isis the norwegian brevik treatment with ps3 and cool games and all ? 
  about as much as i like reading about all this news lately . 
  who 's going to `` wipe out '' isis ? 
  ever heard of illegal immigration ? 
  think such people could n't  start a terror cell right here in europe and breed 10 of their kind . 
  if they wanted to regardless if your suggestion were implemented ? 
  no , your choice of words was n't exactly * sinister * , it was more just one big steaming pile of uber-liberal bullshit . 
  my point is that such extreme political views can come from a place , not of rationality , but of personal problems . 
  if a person 's political views are the result of an individual 's personal background , then how can they be defended by others ? 
  furthermore , if that person is writing from a place of anger and refuses to seek some sort of treatment , then why should we have to be subjected - time and time again - to this person 's opinion ( i.e. 
  the austrian emperor will rise again ! ), 
  when the real story behind that opinion has nothing whatsoever to do with international politics ? 
  ok , give me the snuff . 
  have you ever watched actual real snuff while masturbating ? 
  i 'm pretty sure those are n't simple fetishes , but signs of an antisocial personality disorder . 
  and my comment is n't for you , it 's for the people who read your comments , and so they can get a better idea of who it is that is trying to spread the ideas you subscribe to . 
  yeah , but to be fair / u/gingor , you also highly like rape porn and snuff porn . . 
  a really important article , and nothing in it i can see to disagree with , or that i am suspicious that it may be over the top . 
  however , such an article will likely not receive much or any attention on / r/europe , because this sub is more of a cheer-cheer spirit event for europeans , rather than a true reflection of reality . 
  reading between the lines , i reckon you mean : `` sometimes yes ... sometimes no . '', 
  well , at least now i understand the german ` understanding ' of putin a little better . . it all comes down to german national interest trumping germany 's claimed liberal and humanitarian ideals . 
  alles klar !, 
  change the world through reddit sitting in your chair !, 
  jesus christ , you 're a mod of 75 subreddits ? 
  you have anything better to do with your time than reddit ? 
  c'mon mate , you 're making / u/aschebescher feel bad by using facts and logic . 
  ca n't you just let him write things that make him believe that germany is better than usa ? 
  do n't you dipshits even read the article that you 're commenting on ? 
  the phone call was between clinton and kofi annan . 
  i 'm sure they had encryption . 
  and we 're talking about a bnd ( or whomever in germany ) who somehow broke that encryption . 
   this thread will be run over by americans . 
  ( leaving ), 
  this was already posted elsewhere on / r/europe today anarchy guy, 
  timothy snyder 's [ opinion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bey-edbm0k&amp;t=3711 ) on the ` alleged verbal agreement with gorbachev about nato expansion, 
   in linguistics or politics ? 
  politics, 
  i was talking about the difference between listening to someone 's opinions and taking those opinion seriously . 
  if you take chomsky seriously , that 's fine . 
  i do n't , and i gave an example of why . 
  most of the people on the cable news networks are political analysts of one stripe or another with reputations - should i take them all seriously ? 
  good thread anyway mate, 
   well , ok , they 're not reviewed in the same way as one would review a physics or chemistry paper , are they ? 
  sure . 
  just as rigorous , just different fields . 
   besides , what chomsky is doing is not so much political science as political commentary . 
  that 's my point, 
   there is no peer review process for political writing of course there is . 
  all polisci academic journals are peer reviewed . 
  that 's pretty basic . 
   he is a political academic , and has lectured and run classes on politics . 
  according to [ this source ] ( http://www.quora.com/what-is-noam-chomsky-like-as-a-professor ) ( which i just found after a few minutes on google ) chomsky only taught a political science course at mit about once a decade . 
  the one this the source i used wrote about this particular polisci class chomsky taught as being co-taught with two other professors , one from mit besides chomsky and one from harvard . 
  i just really do n't like it that because he uses such imprecise language , if you really try to examine certain things he says , a lot of it ends up sounding good but being basically indescipherable . 
  when i said academic paper , i meant a paper published by a legitimate academic journal subject to peer review . 
  usually but not always such papers are structured around theory . 
  i actually wish that chomsky would attempt to explain himself according to normal rigorous academic standards , because at least then we would know exactly where he stood in terms of scientific political language . 
  for example , is chomsky best described as a neocolonialist ? 
  post-modernist ? 
  free-market/green/post-left etc. 
  anarchist ? 
  anarcho pacifist ? 
  we do n't know , because he is n't an academic in terms of politics - he 's more of a critic/journalist/public intellectual . 
  neil degrasse tyson once said that he supports the idea of a person expressing their opinions without subscribing to a particular idology , because grounding one 's self to a particular theory brings baggage and may allow others to pigeonhole etc. 
  that person . 
  i wish actually that chomsky would attempt to vigorously explain himself in terms of serious political science , but that would likely entail chomsky to formulate an entire theory of how the world works , probably incorporating elements of other theories and his own ideas and using case studies to test his hypothesis , but he 's likely incapable ( such an endeavor is incredibly difficult and takes years ) because he is n't a political theorist , he 's a linguist . 
  anyway , i appreciate the opinions of public intellectuals , critics and journalists ( for example , thomas friedman fits into the same general category ) , its invaluable for a democratic society for such people to be able to freely express their opinions in public , but i take them less seriously than i do academics . 
  i do n't like chomsky anymore , because he says things like this ( 8:49 )  . . same with , take a look at the conflict with china , the maritime conflict , where is it taking place ? 
  is it off the coast of california , is it in the carribean ? 
  it 's off the coast of china . 
  that 's where we have to protect what we call ` freedom of the seas ' - in china 's waters . 
  this is part of the concept that we basically own the world , and we have the right to do anything we like , and nobody has a right to stand up to it . 
  now in the case of ukraine . . 
  i could n't find an exact match for the phrase ` china maritime conflict ' . 
  it is not a maritime conflict , it is a maritime ( territorial ) dispute . 
  using the word ` conflict ' , and saying that it is taking place ` off the coast of china , implies that this is a bi-national us-china conflict . 
  it is actually a multinational dispute between no less than 6 countries in the region like japan , south korea , taiwan , etc. , but naturally chomsky does n't say something like ` it 's off the coast of china , japan , taiwan , south korea , etc. ', 
  at the very least , it seems like chomsky here is implying support for the idea and right of a chinese invasion and takeover of taiwan , something most of the world i guess hopes will never take place . 
  he also ignores the question of whether china would allow safe and open sea lanes through the south china sea if the us followed his advice and completely retrenched from any issues involving the south china sea . 
  he seems to be saying that this decision is the right of china and china alone whether or not to extend this right to its neighbors . 
  in structural realist language , the us enjoys the ` freedom to roam ' globally . 
  i wonder how europeans would feel if china enjoyed such freedom , roaming all over the atlantic . 
  not to mention other obvious problems with using grand sweeping phrases like ` basically own the world ' . 
  thats the language of hormonal teenagers , not a world famous serious academic ; then again , maybe using such language is exactly why he 's so famous . 
  that 's my point about this guy - i think that he achieved fame by giving up the position of serious people taking him seriously . 
  if he 's taken seriously in the field of linguistics ( and i know that in many/most linguistics departments in europe , ` chomsky ' is a dirty word ) , he is n't in the field of politics . 
  chomsky just ignores huge concepts , such as western values ( i.e.
