  the thing is , on the power side - to confront a global power like russia that 's been slowly recovering from collapse 25 years ago takes a * lot * of power . 
  if push comes to shove , the us has that ability . 
  ( with so many negatives , more on that in a second ) europe/eu do * not * have that independent ability . 
  in fact , europe has been free riding on the us to provide * its * security since god knows . 
  paying the bare minimums and playing games to see just how little european countries could pay on defense while european politicians get voted in promising even * less * spent on defense , and so on . 
  so , here we see russia flexing its muscles in action it deems moral/justified . 
  europe does n't . 
  so what i see , is europeans making liberal arguments , of the inviolability of european borders , of sovereignty , of `` you ca n't just drive tanks across a border and start shooting ! '', 
  we have to do something . 
  america !!, 
  we need your military !, 
  the thing is , the us has a different relationship with russia than does europe . 
  we look at russia through a realist lens , not a liberal one . 
  it is very important for the us to have a good relationship with russia , for international political reasons . 
  ( as opposed to , for example , gas ) russia is very - and increasingly - capable of giving the us a great many headaches . 
  what i mean by that , is that there is the possibility of a second cold war . 
  lord knows all that russia today that you europeans love so much and have in every hotel room in germany that has satellite has gotten the russian people ready to be anti-us or virulently anti-us . 
  the stakes with a state like china or russia are very high concerning us policy . 
  we have to be very careful not to antagonize russia ( through its perspective , right or wrong or whatever ) any more than it feels ` the west ' already has . 
  so , those are all concerns - because europe need 's america 's military to stand up to russia . 
  by that , i mean just its existence is enough . 
  ( if you actually * have * to use the us military , you 're ( the president 's ) pretty much doing something wrong ... the threat should be good enough ) __ ok , with all that said , none of that would * matter * , if europe had enough of a military deterrent to deal with russia themselves . 
  they ( you ) do n't . 
  that 's why i brought up funding . 
  that is n't my argument . 
  yeah but did you see that picture on donald rumsfeld with a triangular pupil ? 
  american university of rome [ tuition ] ( http://www.aur.edu/admissions/tuition-fees/ ), 
  first of all , i 'm talking about a 18 year old canadian person . 
  i 'm not talking about , for example , a 22 year old canadian who just graduated college . 
  also , in college , you can study abroad for a semester . 
  but that 's not what we 're talking about . 
   i feel like this is a massive issue in the us and likely canada too , people know nothing about other cultures except from books while most middle class families in the eu have likely seen at least a third of the other eu countries . 
  well , now we know how you feel , i guess . 
  it would be nice if within a few hundred kilometers there were three or four different countries to visit in north america , but there is n't . 
  furthermore , do you really think that visiting a few countries here and there with your parents for a few days makes you into this sort of culture superhero ? 
  guess what - you do n't see * any * of that country 's culture if you have n't lived there for at least a few months . 
  you were just a tourist . 
  and if you think that `` most middle class families in the eu have likely seen a third '' of other eu countries , you 're wrong . 
  i 've been to china , and while it was eye opening and i came back with the belief that all humans are exactly the same , that was pretty much my opinion beforehand . 
  but that was really a time where i experienced a different culture . 
  most european countries have pretty much the same culture . 
  anyway , i * hate * the argument , that simply because you 've visited a place , you * know * it . 
   not even speaking the language when you get there . 
  and do n't give me this bullshit . 
  most people i meet in northern germany have a very hard time with english . 
  i 'm from the us , and have lived in germany for the last five years . 
  i know how hard such a move can be from experience . 
  that 's why i answered op 's question , that he should do his bachelors in canada . 
  he should infer , that afterwards , maybe he can do his masters in europe , but it 's not even worth mentioning because that 's such a long time into the future . 
   to move and live in another country half way around the world ok , i 'm not going to spend so much time here . 
  first , it 's different for europeans moving to live in canada or us , than the other way around . 
  the language component is huge , and it 's not like north americans grew up on shows from belgium . 
  ( like the simpsons ) huge culture shock . 
  then , there is no ` need ' behind the move , it 's just for ` broadening personal horizons ' . 
  it is different if you are moving for a job , moving with your family , etc. 
  he 's going to be away from his family in a strange country for a long time . 
  what do you think the chances of success are ? 
  is there a reason why almost nobody does their bachelors in a foreign country ? 
  yeah , guys , i ` get it ' . 
  it * is * possible to move half way around the world . 
  but are you saying that you recommend he ( try to ) do it at 19 , considering that he 's * canadian * with all the opportunities canada offers its citizens for higher education ? 
  my point is , you have no idea how difficult it is to move and live in another country half way around the world , about which you know nothing and you know nobody there . 
  just relax , you 're in one of the greatest countries in the world . 
  look up montreal . 
  because anything out of the politically correct zone makes germans ` ashamed ' , apparently . . 
  first , i hope you 're not endangering your canadian citizenship . 
  second , for a bachelor program , unless you 're going to learn a foreign language ( really learn it ) , your choices in english are limited to pretty much the uk . 
  and tuition there is crazy expensive . 
  if you 're starting to think about universities , you 'd better start thinking about universities in canada . 
  you are in no way prepared to move and live in a foreign country . 
  well , yes - and no . 
  yes , because of all obvious reasons , but at the same time , nato actually would work more or less with the us out . 
  it would clearly be * much * weaker . 
  i do n't think this will ever happen , and apart from the side of me that has a tendency to think ` who cares about the europeans ? 
  let them deal with it ' . . nor do i think it should . 
  ha , a well informed level-headed comment with minus 3 . 
  thank god this subreddit is n't in charge of economic legislation in europe , there 'd be global devastation in 15 minutes . 
   because they obtained it by means of force and if we approve of that precedent we 're back in an era where wars of conquest are normal . 
  that increases insecurity for everyone . 
  so maybe you europeans should spend more than 1 % gdp on defense - if you take it so seriously . 
  ha how pathetic  . <, 
  it 's not worth searching for , but it is a piece of evidence which answers the question of ` why we fight ' . 
   but one response by europe rather than 28 is a big deal too . 
  you europeans should start asking questions . 
  for example - * is * it a big deal ? 
  if the eu did n't exist , you do n't think europe would at least have a free trade community , through which an economic forum would have been established that would allow for such actions as europe-wide sanctions towards certain deserving belligerent nations ? 
  the eu , by itself , [ is more of a small power , akin to a nation such as sweden or argentina . ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1468-5965.2010.02128.x/abstract ) . 
  the eu is not a superpower . 
  yeah , but you have this all wrong . 
  there are two wars going on - the one you see on television ( or , the ` so-called ' war ) , and the war of realism vs. liberalism/idealism . 
  russia is approaching the conflict from a realist stance , and the us - and * especially * the eu/europeans , are approaching it from the liberal view . 
  thank the baby jesus that obama tempers this with his realist impulses . 
  listen , i 'm not willing for the us to plunge into another cold war with russia over the dreams of some ukrainians . 
  i do n't see why crimea should n't now be an official part of russia . 
  and i 'm certainly not willing to start something with russia , over liberal arguments given by europeans . 
  it was bullshit that the eu started negotiations with ukraine on eu-ukraine association agreement in the first place !, 
  * that * was the trigger that started this whole mess . 
  ukrainians need to live with the fact that they are not important enough for the us to start another cold war with russia over . 
  * that * is what makes putin a first class strategist , and not some idiot getting emotional and irrational . 
  yeah the main video they have out , professionally edited , shows them doing drive bys on the highway with aks , with the camera man sitting next to the shooter in the back seat .
