  wtf ? 
  i also see that you were downvoted to oblivion - not because you did n't contribute to the discussion , but because people did n't agree with you . 
  your tone at first was slightly aggressive , but you make a fair point ( i.e. 
  about european defense spending ) . 
  europeans have no good answer . 
  so they have to hem and haw . 
  that 's what this guy was doing . 
  furthermore , i ca n't almost believe , that every year the united states just gives poland 27 million dollars . 
  how much money has the united states given poland , say , since the turn of the millenium ? 
  27 times 14 is something like $ 400 million dollars . 
  close to half a billion . 
  what the hell could we have done in america , if a project or projects on us soil had received this money ? 
  just that alone , it seems to me that giving poland even one penny more for at least a decade would suit me just fine . 
  we need a president one day who will be willing to do such things , for example , to pull our troops out of germany and south korea ( but * especially * germany ) . 
  we need a president who treats europeans and koreans like adults instead of children . 
  especially in the case of germany . 
  it 's the devil we do n't know , as opposed to the devil we know ( meaning , the international system with an engaged united states - the u.s. 's so-called ` grand strategy ' - warts and all , is ` the devil we know ' . 
  the ` devil we do n't know , is a disengaged , retrenched , or even neo-isolationist united states . 
  this analogy is given in [ brooks et . 
  ` do n't come home america ' ( 2012 ) ) . 
  ] ( http://belfercenter.ksg.harvard.edu/files/is3703_brooks%20wohlforth%20ikenberry.pdf ) but you know what ? 
  we 're americans , goddammit . 
  we should be ok with ` the devil we do n't know ' . 
  i know i am . 
  after all , it might be an adventure . 
  great point . 
  you 're not saying anything interesting anymore . 
  there 's nothing to reply to anymore . 
  it 's annoying seeing the orange mailbox indicator . 
  stop replying to me . 
  germany is actually surprisingly ` understanding ' of putin , when compared to opinion in other western european countries . 
  the nsa revelations really blowed their socks off ... or , rather , the germany-usa spy scandal allowed the germans to collectively groan in unison at the united states for a protracted period of time in a fit of schadenfreude !, 
  for - most likely - the first time since the end of ww2 ( ! ), 
  what a confirmation of this name calling and negative opinion forming decade long anti-us/anti-bush/anti-war / anti-military media spew-out orgy !, 
  the nsa scandal ( and mostly , the stupid tapping of angela merkel 's cell phone ) , seems to have served as the confirmation that the germans needed all along in order to make that first move of breaking the chains off germany 's self-perceived servantly slavely status/relationship vis-a-vis the united states . 
  or , at least , that 's the way that * some * people in germany will ` sort of feel ' . 
  but , with the putin-ukraine-crimea war , we see in action the result of this ` great distance ' that germany feels towards america . 
  indeed , germans do n't even call the country that . 
  they call it `` us-america '' , and say `` us-american '' in conversation . 
  which is not the demonyn for america . 
  i think this has something to do with some sort of misplaced self-perceived identification with the bolivian farmer , and that the us should n't claim the right for itself the name chosen for the entirety of colombus ' discovery by martin waldseemuller , a noted geographer , and mathias ringmann , a schoolmaster . 
  ( whom together named it after amerigo vespucci ) i think we may actually be witnessing the beginning of the end of the euro , which i would predict will break down within ten years , maximum . 
  the nations are simply not dynamic enough , economically . 
  and once you see germans turn against the euro ( for example in a similar fashion as occurred in the uk 2010-present ) , that 'll be it . 
  back to the deutschmark !, 
  better than the drachma !, 
  with that being said , it would seem that , between the two - i 'd much rather try in the usa to make my riches and happiness and love when compared to europe . 
  european weather is simply too harsh to be able to relax for long stretches of time . 
  seasons in the us are so crisply defined . 
  and it is * this * advantage of the usa/canada which northern europeans will never admit , but all intuitively recognize . 
  during the loooong winter in parts of northern europe , for example it seems to me that beer is absolutely a necessity . 
  i do n't get a similar feeling in the us until the deep of winter , which lasts only a few weeks . 
  this feeling , in northern germany , may last months . 
  the famous flensburger bier brewery in flensburg , northern germany , attests to the zest with which germans are famous for attacking cool , smooth pilsner in a manly fashion . 
  and as cool as they look and as good as they feel ploping those plop-tops open with a `` plop !, 
  i do n't see how they really have a choice . 
  in five years of living in northern germany , i can not remember a specific time that a northern german complained about the weather . 
  in fact , the first time i recall , was a few weeks back when a polish girl with whom i was acquainted with referred to parties in hamburg in november , and made a comment about the grey skies and dreckliche weather . 
  i was struck by how foreign hearing a person say this to me felt , while also being a topic i myself complain briefly to others at rare times about . 
  it was then i sort of realised , that no german has ever confided in me their distaste for schleswig-holstein weather , no matter how rainy , windy , late-november blow-abouts deep into the night on any given night ( in any manner , anyway , other than totally cursory ( i.e. 
  under the breath for just a second , like during a fresh night-time gust of wind to the face ) ) and in that moment , i realised with full comprehension , that the usa/canada side is * definitely better * than the europe/uk side , - if for no other reason , than because weather trumps all . 
  because we 're just on a planet hurtling through space at an alarming rate . 
  in the end . 
  and if we were presented in a counterfactual scenario with all needs possible taken care of , nice house , car , everything we could like to live ( $ 200,000 / annual salary for life for doing nothing , etc. ), 
  - i guarantee you that , given a few weeks to consider where to live in the west , if made to choose between living in the usa or living in europe , a demographic of 18-50 would absolutely skew towards the usa . 
  if for no other reason , than for the weather . 
  because , from a certain perspective , weather is the absolute most important element in international politics . 
  perhaps , it should be known as the great predictor of general ideology/national history national present national future . 
  so , my point is , that from an even * more * slightly skewed perspective than mentioned above , it 's not the german 's fault they ` understand ' putin . 
  it 's just 1,000 years of german weather . 
  a redditor for a whole 12 days ? 
  how much are they ( for example , rt ) paying you to be their shill and spill/spew out nonsense on reddit ? 
  is that like , sixty bucks a day , to what - just chill on reddit and post garbage about political topics ? 
  trying to skew public opinion towards putin , are we lad ? 
  oh no - noooooo wayyyyy did russian-backed separatists within eastern ukrainian territory shoot down a commercial passenger jet . 
  thaaaaaats nooooot the truuuuuuuuuuthhhhh , maaan ... know whaaaat happened maaaaan ? 
  ukraine did it , to blame it on 100 % innocent russia and make the wittle wuskies a wittle bit less popuwar ... 
  totally worth it , right ? 
  those ukrainians ... the country where regular foot soldiers are capable of stalin-esque dastardly deeds such as this !!!, 
  they framed us , ya see ? 
  it was the cia , yeah , miiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwww i hope that you earn at least 50 american dollars per 8 hr shift , you 're pretty ass is certainly worth more than twenty , buddy . 
  if only reddit had a 21 year old age limit ... 
  oh , you 're an expert on realpolitik , are you ? 
  an american kid on reddit , inferring that you grasp the kissinger school of international politics . 
  i would bet money that you 've never read a single piece of writing that kissinger wrote . 
  my problem is that you were spreading faulty information , through insinuation . 
  the price of the coal has gone down - not because germany buys mtr coal - but because of the american fracking revolution . 
  and it 's bullshit propaganda to claim anything else . 
  i 'm trying to set the record straight , even if nobody else sees this bullshit , than for your own future reference . 
  it seems to me , that it 's almost an * evil * idea , that the u.s. is devastating small parts of appalachia - and at such a high level that the actual price of coal worldwide is being driven down - just to sell that coal to germany and not even use it domestically . 
  and that is not what is happening , as your initial comment inferred . 
  get your facts straight and people like me wo n't bother you . 
  yeah , come on reddit just to say `` i 'm apathetic , i do n't care '' . 
  what a pathetic excuse for a moral stance . 
  yeah , right , the ukrainian side shot down that plane . 
   it 's time to rethink your life / u/noktoque may have a point, 
  you do n't understand . 
  what i am saying , is if you simply say `` i do n't care !, 
  '' , than this is the opinion of a child . 
  and i have no interest in engaging in political discussions with children .
