  well , letting russia use naval and air bases in cyprus , at any rate . 
  does cyprus allow every navy a base in cyprus too ? 
  everything you said is true . 
  the amount of wishful thinking on this thread is staggering . 
  how people can simply say the eu could possibly have an ` army ' , obviously without doing * any * research on the question , is beyond me . 
  i guess it just has to do with the age-old distaste at the notion of reliance upon the us for issues of security and defense . 
  he 's, 
  a perfect description of reddit, 
  then we all become structural realists ( again ) and greece suddenly becomes one of the most important countries in the world ( again ), 
   offensive : qvm ( qualified majority voting ) through the european commission and european parliament . 
  the parliament representing the interests of the people ; the commission representing the interests of the european union as a whole . 
  everything the csdp does requires unanimous voting . 
  if even one country vetoes , the civilian or military operation is kaput . 
  the same would go for a theoretical ` eu army ' , though an ` eu army ' is most likely not going to happen in anything except possibly the long term . 
  in my view , its best to concentrate on nato , because its the only game in town . 
  stop being a douche, 
  agreed . 
  more than some americans want to admit , too . 
  the transatlantic relationship . . that and moving back to europe soon . 
  bought a ticket yesterday, 
  you have a point , though this is part of the spending vs. effectiveness debate [ alain c. enthoven . 
  us forces in europe : how many ? 
  doing what ? 
  * foreign affairs * . 
  ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/24563/alain-c-enthoven/us-forces-in-europe-how-many-doing-what )  distinguished senators ask , `` what should we tell our constituents when they ask why we should keep american troops in europe 30 years after the end of world war ii ? '', 
   the answer remains what it has been throughout that period : because it is in our best interest to keep them there . 
  a free and independent western europe , aligned with the united states , is vital for our national security and well-being . 
  the u.s.s.r. and its warsaw pact allies have large and effective land and air forces in eastern europe . 
  if our allies are to be able to preserve their independence , nato must have in-place forces of equal size and effectiveness , and be able to match the pact in a mobilization . 
  if the nato alliance does not provide such forces , a major imbalance in military power will be an intimidating factor that can not help but influence our allies ' freedom and political alignment over the years . 
   american forces are necessary because they help maintain the balance , and also because they demonstrate the seriousness of our commitment . 
  some say , `` let the europeans provide for their own defense . '', 
  our nato allies do pay most of the cost of that defense . 
  european nato members have about 3.3 million military personnel on active duty . 
  the united states maintains about 320,000 military personnel in europe , about ten percent of the european total . 
  however , our allies would not provide themselves an effective defense without a substantial u.s. contribution . 
  they do not have the necessary leadership and unity . 
  although europe has aspirations toward autonomy and cohesion , these hopes have not been realized and may never be . 
  by far the most important unifying factor is that each is an ally of the united states . 
  american leadership is the glue that holds the alliance together . 
  wars * between * eu/nato members is obviously a non-issue . 
  however the need for collective european security action is probably at its highest point ( was n't too important during the cold war with the us doing the heavy lifting ) . 
  there ` are ' threats in the neighborhood , with reference to sea lanes/prosperity , a possibly less-reliable us ( retrenchment vs. deep engagement us grand strategy debate ) , and less resources for defense and security in europe ( e.g. 
  libya ) . 
  but first things first , anything like an actual european army , ready to go , would take * at least * half a century . 
  the eu itself did n't fully develop until 1992/1999 ( euro ) / 2009 . 
  merkel was the only one i 've ever heard put a prospective time frame on such an idea , which she put at 2050 . 
  so , something to keep in mind . 
  so let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  for at least the next half century , europe will be basing its security around nato and the us , which is a good thing . 
  without a unified foreign policy ( which is doubtful in any event , just looking at world history and not ` nationalism ' per se - a ` dirty word ' - but the nation-state ) , leaders of a country would have to be insane to give up the last bastion of sovereignty - defense - to a far-flung country like bulgaria , cyprus , etc. 
  ( i.e. 
  veto power ) . 
  however , its good to have official discussions like this in the public arena . 
  to take it one step at a time , we 're talking about a 2 % gdp defense spending threshold , the pooling of resources , and the like , but i 'd say the most important thing right now is to slowly change the opinions of europeans on the issue of security and defense . 
  time and time again , for example , germans will say ` there is no threat ' and things like ` we do n't need a military ' . 
  on campuses in germany , its even almost verboten for military personnel to come to the campus and talk about defense and security issues with students - you 'd likely see small protests and the like . 
  what i heard over and over in germany , of the question ` what should we do ? ', 
  the answer was ` we need a new system ' . 
  in my opinion , that 's wrong . 
  iraq definitely messed a lot of things up , but at the same time , i think that europe just needs to get a little bit more serious about its own security . 
  i 'm not saying ` so ' much , and i do n't want europe to become like the us - i want europe actually to really invest heavily in civilian ( as opposed to military ) missions around the world , humanitarian relief , etc. 
  but as we saw in the phillipines , the us provided an * aircraft carrier * , apaches , etc. 
  humanitarian relief work is a huge endeavor ( just ask the us navy ) . 
  i admit it does get a little hairy - for example , would protecting possible victims of boku harum in africa be a humanitarian undertaking ? 
  its the easiest thing in the world to protest a nato conference , but its a bit more difficult to offer a compelling alternative while putting yourself in the position of the president/prime minister/chancellor who is responsible for keeping the people of their country safe . 
  at the recent munich security conference , german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier basically said that germany 's foreign policy/security policy today was ` absolutely correct ' . 
  this , in my opinion , in not totally wrong , but i also do n't see any steps forward with those comments . 
  on the other hand , some of ursula von der leyen 's comments have been welcome . 
  public discourse is the first step , and actually , thats what we 're doing right now . 
  i 'm sure they did n't hate each other , probably just disagreed on some politics ( like pretty much every family ), 
  flirting with the limits of integration . 
  the whole point of the european union was to diffuse power , not to aggregate it . 
  even though its popular , saying that an institution ` cares ' or does n't , which is a human emotion obviously , leads to misunderstanding some of the time , because the reader can feel a meaning unintended by the poster, 
  this is written by christopher hitchens ' brother , peter . 
  try as i may , i can not bring myself to agree with him when he 's making a point or involved in a debate . 
  must 've been quite a few interesting conversations over the hitchens ' dinner table over the years at any rate !, 
  if you do n't want users to think you 're implicitly referring to people , do n't use personification when referring to the ` government ' . 
   as turkey is now slowly awakening from its 90 years long political coma , the country is returning to its historical position . . oh man . . 
  correction : on a sunday, 
  apologies !, 
  i meant [ robert kaplan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_d._kaplan ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_eqwoyockc, 
  kind of like / u/ltburtreynolds here on / r/europe  . <, 
  people always point to the 1991 book about japan , but that was a long time ago . 
  its almost too easy to point to that and just discount everything he says imo . 
  and i give kudos to him , to even * try * to look ahead and see what possible future scenarios might look like - its like trying to tell the future . 
  i could also just as easily point to predictions he made that pretty much came true , which people at the time thought were ludicrous ( such as russia making a play in ukraine ) . 
  i particularly see his critique on the post-modernism theory compelling , and i do n't like it when europeans pretend they achieved peace in europe mostly alone with the us playing the role of the useful idiot . 
  i think his is a voice well worth listening to , whether one likes what he says or not . 
  he certainly can back it up with a logical argument !, 
  calm down , have a doughnut . 
  that seems to be the majority opinion on / r/europe , but as there is no reason for a political scientist to not take robert kagan seriously , and kagan is now working with friedman . 
  i 'm skeptical of the wisdom of just brushing stratfor aside with a wave . 
   and americans fetishize our heritage i think ` fetishize ' is too strong a word . 
  people have identities , so what . 
  no need to paint the minority as the majority . 
  i always thought the gema notices on youtube videos in germany were about more than just artist royalties . . 
  what do you mean ? 
  edit : nevermind , clearly you 're an autist and i 'm kind of afraid of you actually . 
  so weird,
