  this post probably wo n't get much love on / r/europe, 
  what do you mean ? 
  most of your posts on / r/europe are some bullshit . 
  could you stop that please ? 
  send tears first . 
  every post of yours on / r/europe is bullshit . 
  you need to stop . 
  dumbass, 
  you said this  you must also remember that the us is probably the most right-wing country in the world which was incredibly stupid . 
  and why would you call * anything * a quote `` bastion of civilization '' ? 
  is that a new phrase you learned last week on the playground ? 
  and american higher education ( yes , you do have to pay money for college in the us and the uk ) beats the pants off the vast majority of european countries . 
  in germany , if you write your professor and email , be prepared to either a. wait a few days for a response , or . 
  b. not get a response at all . 
  you europeans really disappoint me frequently on this sub with your childish remarks . 
   criticism  amy chua 's other thesis and her conclusions have been disputed by george leef [ 5 ] of the john locke foundation , who proposes that many other factors may account for ethnic violence , including the most simple motivation of pure racism . 
  [ 6 ] leef includes in his review :  nothing does more to reduce violence and many other social ills than the rising standards of living that capitalism alone makes possible . 
  what a tragedy it would be if nations were to forego the tremendous long-run benefits of capitalism out of fear that there might be violence in the short-run against those who take advantage of business opportunities the earliest . 
  all that world on fire proves in the end is that governments can not be depended upon to prevent violence against people who have been , for whatever reason , demonized by others . 
  that 's nothing new . 
   andreas wimmer and brian min , criticizing the book , state :  by contrast , our analysis shows that what has been observed in recent decades may simply be more of the same old story . 
  although history never repeats itself , the same process patterns may be operating at different times and in different historical contexts ( cf. 
  collier and mazzuca 2006 ) . 
  the dismemberment of empire and the formation of the nation-state have led to wars since the time of napoleon . 
  the patterns of warfare in the caucasus and the balkans in the 1990s resemble those on the indian sub-continent in the 1940s , those of eastern europe during and after the world war i , and so on . 
  the return of the `` macedonian syndrome , '' as myron weiner ( 1971 ) has called the intermingling of ethnic conflict and irredentist wars , explains such recurrent patterns of war much better than any variant of globalization theory . 
  to treat them as a fundamentally new phenomenon , brought about by the end of the cold war or increased globalization , represents yet another example of the widespread tendency among social scientists to perceive their own times as unique and exceptionally dynamic ( on `` chrono - centrism , '' see fowles 1974 ) . 
   they also note that several studies support a variant of the democratic peace theory , which argues that more democracy causes a general decrease in systematic violence , at least for the most democratic nations . 
  however , intermediately democratic nations do have a higher tendency for conflicts such as civil war than autocracies . 
   it just gets annoying as hell after a while . 
  this, 
  definitely not * just * these obvious antifa kids who act that way 3 seconds after they meet me, 
  you 're funny . 
  would finger-fuck asshole while reading chomsky aloud to . 
  edit :  why are you so riled by my comment ? 
  because everything you wrote was somehow a bit wrong . 
  you made grand statements about ` your solution to the problem ' and did n't back any of it up with anything other than guesses . 
  i referred to you making unfounded guesses as pulling them out of your ass . 
  then i wrote what i thought was wrong and why . 
  no emotion involved . 
  i bet you 're the kind of guy who thinks [ this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2e1uweqqwj0#t=454 ) ( in german ) is totally true . 
   ( if you can not read it , it is not my problem ) even if i could n't read german , i know how to find google translate . 
  oh yeah , and how about you go fuck yourself ? 
  see ? 
  this is exactly the tone i 'm talking about . 
  you write :  may i just remind you of some of the i remember seeing the berlin wall come down live on television . 
  were you even born then ? 
  and you use a sarcastic tone as though i know - what ? 
  - nothing about the history of the world in the last 30 years ? 
  the rest of your comment is written with this smug , dismissive tone , which seems to be a tactic used by at least many germans that i 've noticed to side-step an issue but make themselves feel like they just gave a legitimate argument somehow . 
   furthermore it is a domestic issue to try to avoid any form of power politics , since it is en vogue in germany that germany should not be doing any form of that . 
  germany finally has a minster of defence who is telling germans the truth about the importance of military defence , but it 's going to take a lot more than that . 
  i think that the current the current status quo in germany to be pacifistic and spend as little as possible on defense is not only bad for germany - its bad for the world . 
  it has a * suspiciously very convenient * side-effect too - lots of money available for harz iv-type programs and the german social welfare state . 
  as such , it seems to me that you think you 're making an argument with this ( rather unlettered ) sentence , but what you 're actually doing is just stating the current situation . 
  should i subscribe to something simply because it is ` en vogue ' ? 
  than why use that as an argument ? 
   lastly it seems that the armed forces in germany did not attract the brightest in the recent decades . 
  seems to who ? 
  you ? 
  source ? 
   it is not that much about how much money is spend on defense , contrary to what has been propagated a lot - especially by people from the other side of the pond . 
  do you have a source for this assertion , or are you just pulling it directly out of your cavity ? 
   rather it is paramount that this ridiculous mismanagement gets to an end . 
  i guess that - at least talking about the west - military mismanagement is a problem throughout , to greater or lesser degrees . 
  it 's not exactly a controversial position to state that you want it to `` end '' . 
  however , that issue is surely only one small piece of the pie , and you somehow talk about it like its a panacea . 
   even if the german government doubled the defense expenses , ** i bet ** the result would not be a competitive army , but just more billions wasted due to retarded management . 
  source ? 
  ass ? 
  you hit it on the nose with a hammer . 
  that 's a big reason that i 'm soon leaving northern germany after 5 years here . 
  and - i do n't mean about the actual ` fact ' of roughly 30 % of the german population sympathizing with putin in that way , i mean that about ` that they would ' . 
  i 've met some great people here for sure , but i 've met a ton of jerks here too , assholes abound , ( at a much higher percentage rate than the states ) and there 's so many people that i can just * tell * would  sympathize with putin in that way these 30 % you 're talking about , they 're always confrontational somehow when they learn my nationality , and trust me - many of these guys i see around here would never know , meaning i certainly do n't go up and talk to [ people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umoptiryzro ) stand out as [ pretty obviously anti-american . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xvzorpc24u ) but along with that , i feel like i actually do n't talk to * people * , in a more general sense , because when i do many times its this struggle . 
  and if i feel as though i have to act in such a way , why would i want to stay ? 
  sometimes , it 's absolutely not the case !, 
  and that 's great . 
  meeting fair-minded folks who do n't immediately want me to apologize for mcdonalds ' . 
  but too often with people over here , i just have to wade through too much bs . 
  my prediction is that germany will continue to have problems attracting the best and brightest from around the globe to immigrate to germany as professionals , and that the [ brain drain problem ] ( http://phys.org/news/2014-02-merkel-german-scientists-brain.html ) will continue , unfortunately . 
  as a side note . 
  the police were out in force patrolling the area around the hamburg hauptbahnhof today . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2e1uweqqwj0 ) jajaja, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.the-american-interest.com/blog/2014/10/02/german-troops-stranded-in-afghanistan/ ) is why germany needs to start considering that if it wants to be taken seriously , it itself has to start taking seriously that power = economic + military . 
  this is what you get when you have a pacifistic domestic media machine . . tyrants walk all over you . 
  maybe if the german military had more than 4 operable and functional aircraft , putin may have thought twice in the first place . 
  one thing putin knows for sure , is that whatever he does - less than full-scale ground invasion - he does * not * have to worry about the german military . 
  just curious about the customs laws on that . 
  is that actually legal ? 
  legal only for norwegian citizens ? 
  i know its legal for danes to cross the border into flensburg but figured norway might be a bit different . . 
  it 's a bingo !, 
  dear lord would you just shut up already ? 
  some kid on reddit made this comparison a year ago , not a real estate agent you . 
  dumb . 
  i was n't making an ad-hominem ` attack ' , i was poking fun at your naivety . 
  i think that / u/bananasplit2 might just want some entertainment . 
  the us takes bananasplit 's advice , totally cuts off saudi arabia from any arms/support/military funding , as such saudi arabia starts its own nuclear program with that oil money and has nukes within a short while , other countries who do n't like saudi arabia do the same , and pretty soon we have ourselves a little nuclear arms race in the middle east . 
  [ / u/bananasplit2 's reaction ] ( http://replygif.net/i/187.gif ),
