  and here , we see why i like europe . 
  i 'm going to save this back and forth and show it to people to explain my ambivalence about the us . 
  yeah i should n't have pasted it i guess, 
  i have no idea . 
  a [ report ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/german-intelligence-blames-pro-russian-separatists-for-mh17-downing-a-997972.html ) from the bnd from last october edit : btw , the comments on that spiegel article i linked are . . interesting . 
  maybe one comment ( no . 
  15 ) by user ` sgt.petrenko ' dated 10/20/2015 is relevant ? 
   thing is even if russian terrorists could get that launcher buk from somewhere of ukrainian army , it 's not enough to shoot the air target . 
  because one launcher -- it 's just a piece of aa complex . 
  there also might be radar station , target tracking station etc. 
  all information about target and launch parameters must be prepared there and after that delivered to the launcher . 
  all this job could be done only by russian military . 
  and one more thing : to use that launcher is not as simple as drive your mama 's prius ... it 's like landing an airplane -- only professional operators can do it . 
  only experienced aa-specialists who know this systems . 
  did n't the official german report state that germany thought the buk was stolen by rebels from official ukrainian stockpiles ? 
  edit : bnd report does not equal official german report . 
  got it . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  they have a program i think wherein if you invest 10,000 euros into the bulgarian economy , they will offer you citizenship . 
  the women are outstanding , too . 
  let 's just concentrate on getting to 2 % . . that alone will i guess take a decade or so , so lets not get carried away talking about 2.5 % or 3 % . 
   if you want to grovel to these people go ahead . 
  i 'm not groveling , i 'm talking like an adult . 
   so what do you disagree with exactly ? 
  your childish attitude . 
  just talk like a man , not like a little boy who just learned swear words . 
   did the us play a minor part in wwii according to you ? 
   did russia win it all by itself ? 
  you do n't deserve much more of an answer . 
  but i guess what you 're doing here , bringing up ww2 , is a good example of what europeans find annoying about ` americans ' , because you sure are annoying me right now . 
  no , according to me , the us played a major role in ww2 , and russia did not win it all by itself . 
   you agree with the author of this book and his methodology ? 
  first of all , the author is a woman you dumb cunt . 
  second of all , as i 'm a phd student in germany , currently stateside for a few months , i 'm contemplating writing an email from my official university email not only to her of complaint and protest , but to the university of konstanz of complaint . 
  i may even try to get my department to write a letter with me over her shoddy research methodology , actually , but that would be more of a project to try to get together over the next few months or so . 
  this book and its faulty methodology really pisses me off . 
  though , none of that is any of your business . 
  klaus is in ze haus jaja, 
  this is a step in the right direction . 
  its just that i know where you 're coming from , and i wish you 'd write it in a way that did n't make me cringe . 
  why write `` desperately seeking approval from your eurogods '' ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  anyway , do you know who andrei markovits is ? 
  he 's my one of my favorite academics . 
  he talks about european ( and especially german ) anti-americanism . 
  i had to deal with some of that shit for five years in germany . 
  in the end i just started to realise that a lot of it had more to do with young european people being insecure and latching onto a concept that made them feel like they were fighting or something . 
  its so stupid , it stopped bothering me . 
  but i 've been banned from shitamericanssay with every reddit account i 've had , i 've always stood up for the us here on reddit and during those five years , and i was usually always the only american around , so do n't talk to me about trying to seek approval . 
  it 's just that you sound like an idiot , and you make us all look bad , so my point was that i 'd say something and maybe you 'd tighten up your style a bit . 
  i do n't think its going to happen , but yeah . 
  and , by the way  i think well we 've discovered the problem them , have n't we ? 
  there 's a reasonable general area of building up a military of course before you start to look like a threat to neighbors , which i 'd estimate to be at the very least , say , right around 2 % gdp ? 
  of course if you want to keep on swearing at people on the internet and using hyperbole , you can . 
  the norwegian machine, 
  this is a well-known issue , and i do n't know why you 're posting this question here . 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  ` yes ' ? 
  when / u/emperornewclothes asked `` why does that bother you ? 
  '' , its obvious that its the lack of respect on a personal level , i 'm not sure why ask such an obvious question , such statement ( ` ahh . . america you say ? 
  blah blah ) as though you 're just a caricature of the country you 're from or something . 
  so i was at this club all nighter in northern de awhile back with an outdoor area , and in the morning sun , having a good time talking with some great people , a guy overheard me speaking english . 
  inserting himself , he asked if i was american . 
  he said he hates americans , so i cheekily responded in kind saying i hate germans . 
  he realised he got the government/people thing a bit wrong , so then he said ' i hate the american government ' . 
  again , i responded in kind saying that i hate the german government . 
  then , he started talking about 9/11 . 
  i kind of cut him off pretty quick , initially saying ` why do you have to bring that up ? ', 
  he was getting quite agitated/animated , so i then continued to say something like ` ok . 
  we do n't know each other , and this is an ambush . 
  you do not do this . 
  if you want to talk about this stuff - you call me up , make a plan , sit down somewhere at a cafe or somewhere , have a coffee , have a beer , and talk - * like a man * . 
  his demeanor changed instantly , all anger drained , and he realised he was in the wrong . 
  i left with my group a little while later , and when we were in the front waiting for our van taxi , i saw the same guy , and he looked at me and smiled , and had kind of a glowing respectful aura about him when he did . 
  long story short , after awhile i get pretty good at dealing with such rudeness in drunken situations like that , because i felt i kind of had to . 
  that sort of rudeness is not something that anyone should feel they just sort of have to ` take ' , but nobody wants a heated situation either . 
  and by the way , girls like it when you can de-escalate a situation like that !, 
   well we just got this probelm there called democracy no need to get flippant . 
  what i think we may want our european friends to realise a bit more fully , is that at a basic theoretical level , the larger your military , the less chance you will actually have to use it , because possible aggressors are more likely to be dissuaded and would be more open to diplomacy and ` staying home ' . 
  in that way , a more robust military is causitive of a greater likelihood of peace over the medium and long terms - as long as we 're not talking about a state with revisionist objectives/agendas ( i.e. 
  a western state , in this context ) . 
  not to discount what you 're saying , i 'm not trying to pick a fight , and i protested in the streets against iraq . . but to play devil 's advocate , the us and europe were both equally pacifist during the 1994 rwandan genocide . 
  dude , stop all these posts with all your hyperbole . 
  i do n't know what the fuck you 're trying to say . 
  obviously you have an opinion , just write what you think , and stop with all the childish sarcasm and what you think are witty remarks - they 're not . 
  just write a comment out like a normal person . 
  there 's war raging in europe right now at this fucking moment in case you have n't heard , thousands have died so far , thousands more likely to in 2015 . 
   extrapolation, 
  its a difficult opinion to try to explain briefly , i 'll give you that . 
  another way to say it , is ( in terms of an all but certain rise in violence in europe over the coming years ) if one is against the proximate cause in this case - right wing extremism , would n't one then * necessarily have * to be then ( even more ? ), 
  against the ultimate cause - in this case a huge influx of legal as well as illegal immigration ? 
  i 'm not sure why people are n't talking about illegal immigration . 
  ya 'll think all those river of immigrants all got to the auslaenderbohoerde and got on paper ? 
  this article is misleading . 
  the author seems to paint with a wide brush , and tries to mix together noted ( and most famous ) neorealist theorists john mearsheimer and stephen walt with random bloggers on the internet . 
  it is a lie to imply that walt or mearsheimer or any other intellectual proponent of an ir theory believes the cia was behind maiden . 
  what mearsheimer did say , was that maiden was a coup and should have been treated as such . 
  this article is totally fucking useless , dont wast your time . 
  it is inevitable that more stories like this are going to come out . 
  ` right wing extremists ' did this , did that , assaulted a group , etc.
