  ok i agree , but here the thing . 
  let 's say that company has hired both roma and chinese people in the past . 
  consistently the chinese people have had a better work ethic than the roma . 
  is it not the logical option to choose a chinese person if their cv is exactly the same . 
  i know it is wrong , but is it illogical ? 
  if it 's a fact that gypsies on average commit more crimes then chinese people , it is still illogical to say gypsies are on average worse then chinese ? 
  no , i mean it the other way around . 
  it 's not that people blame all the `` immigrants '' for the things that are happening , but if something like this happens it is much more likely done by `` immigrants '' . 
  i get what you 're saying , but it 's hard to stay objective if your preconceptions are being confirmed every time something like this happens . 
  we always used to buy them in belgium so i do n't think so . 
  for future reference , it is better to just use two colors instead of three . 
  it makes the map much clearer . 
  i think it 's because it 's a good idea and you will only consider it instead of just doing it . 
  apart from the telephone tapping , i do n't see a problem with any of this . 
  someone wants to know why his country is not listed . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  i can smell the sugar from here . 
  [ we also use bolus to describe other things than buns if you can believe it . 
  [ we also have dark brown bread . 
  you should visit / r/mapporn more often , 
  and portugal , and turkey , and the baltic states . 
  not that i find vox pops any better , but at least that requires some effort . 
  quoting tweets is just lazy and incredibly subjective . 
  i 'm more suprised about northern italy . 
  they both have about the same density , but the netherlands has always been following american trends closely . 
  the fact that journalist will quote tweets is what annoys me most about this whole twitter thing . 
  who cares what some random person on the internet has to say about a news item . 
  [ the real story of the flag ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_students%27_society#flag ), 
  yeah , quess that what this series is for . 
  all i knew was that it is the top country of the three baltic states . 
  is n't hugging between the two ? 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but there is like one offending comment in this whole thread . 
  i do n't understand what made you think people were offended here or that there would be a need for this meta comment . 
  a hug on the cheek ? 
  [ like this ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/a7eb2b145c8a64f06fb317ee1a8f8b34/tumblr_mimgvkafn01s6s665o1_400.gif ), 
  it 's not hard to buy alcohol in sweden , it 's just bloody expensive . 
  swedish women are not used to being greeted with kisses . 
  [ you have to use your imagination a bit . 
  it is supposed to look like an insect like alien . 
  no , i 'm not even kidding . 
  i guess he did n't know it obviously looks like a lion . 
  i only know mats junker . 
  how would you accurately measure prejudgment among people ? 
  damn , i might feel at home there . 
  frikandellen and windmills are danish ? 
  the writer is dutch actually , but yeah , i agree . 
  disliking the pvv is pretty neutral over here though . 
  first off , we are not talking about syrian war refugees because these people will get asylum and op is talking about people who do not get asylum . 
  when people talk about space they are talking about housing . 
  where are you gon na find 20.000 apartments every single year ? 
  do you not know that there is a massive housing shortage at the moment ? 
  but hey man , i guess we can just increase taxes and we will magically get all the money to pay for this without having any other consequences . 
  for your information it costs more than 30.000 euro per migrant per year . 
  though i guess it does n't matter if it 's 10.000 or 50.000 , we can just increase some taxes that you do not have to pay . 
  you know we have the same policy in the netherlands right ? 
  if you come from a country in war you can stay here . 
  so unemployment in europe ? 
  if you do not earn enough to make a living you have the right on social welfare . 
  some other criteria apply as well like you ca n't be here illegally , you ca n't be in prison , you have to live in the netherlands and you have to be looking for a job . 
  i do n't think you can really talk about having success or not . 
  it is used as a safety net for people who do not have enough money to live . 
  `` bijstand '' literally means `` assistance '' . 
  i think he means the tax on labour , not the wages in itself . 
  who said they did n't see this coming ? 
  everyone did , it 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  yes it 's the result of freedom of movement , but i 'm sure that 's one of the principles of the eu that wilders does n't like . 
  i do n't think that sentiment is entirely invalid though . 
  especially is sectors like transportation . 
  how do you know that this is going to get worse and worse and worse ? 
  and what exactly do you mean with the left comprimising ? 
  what is the solution in your opinion ? 
  i 'm sorry but a article on cbs news in never nsfl . 
  that 's not really mutually exclusive . 
  i could very well be that millions of tourists avoided turkey and went to greece . 
  or maybe , just maybe he just had a different experience than you . 
  well yeah that 's the problem with talking in absolutes , it 's never entirely true . 
  i would disagree that it is not fairly accurate as an exaggeration . 
  to be fair , every country has existed for a long time is some form or kind . 
  just because you named the country after a name given to the area by the romans does n't mean that the country belgium existed since then . 
  it 's like saying the current netherlands existed since the burgundian netherlands . 
  apart from the name the burgundian netherlands is just as much belgium as it is the netherlands . 
  typical belgian . 
  wants to show belgium , shows a map where belgium does n't even exists . 
  sometimes , but not always . 
  is anyone even sure this has something to do with the mh17 investigation ? 
  seems like a pretty logical follow up to the burning of other goods last week in protest of the eu sanctions . 
  if you want to pay some extra millions to the un so that they can pay their intern be my guest . 
  i 'd rather have them spend their money on real issues myself . 
  you are the worst . 
  you think it 's nice ? 
   then there 's the episode where alfred and a few of his friends get stuck in a well during winter and almost freeze . 
  this episode made the most impression on me . 
  alfred was stuck in the well with dolf who broke his wing . 
  there was a whole thing about dolf putting shoe polish on his beak because he got the beak from his white beaked mother while he wanted to me a crow like his father . 
  then there was the creepy ass cat who wanted to eat them . 
  it was such a heavy series for a child , but i loved every second of it . 
  we 're not sure yet . 
   and it works fine for discussion anyway . 
  it really does n't though . 
  finland has the most tourists ?
