  it does n't make any sense . 
  seems like a `` make the jews feel relevant '' addition . 
  is it just me or does it look the same as before ? 
  fine by me though , just skip the link flairs and we 're good to go . 
  yeah , the vast imagination of a teenager . 
  i tried to do cool patterns , but the swastika and penis were always fan favorites . 
  in the netherlands i could see this happening as a joke when someone was messing around in a lawn mower . 
  not sure about this instance though . 
  source : messed around with lawn mowers a lot . 
   we were beating the germans lol what ? 
  yeah , same for the netherlands . 
  most people would immediately chance the question to `` would i want to fight a war in afganistan ? '', 
  yeah ... no thanks . 
  it 's not a # 50 million stadium . 
  for reference , our new feyenoord stadium was projected to cost at least # 250 million . 
  it 's really difficult for me to argue about a secret/undetermined ip section . 
   countries with functioning legal systems do n't need isds does the us have a functioning legal system that protects foreign investors ? 
  let 's say the eu has a treaty about trading all kinds if cheese . 
  i go to the us and invest millions of euros to expand my moldy cheese company . 
  a few years later the us ca n't stand the smell of my cheese and puts a ban on it . 
  should i not be compensated for my investment ? 
  the us signed the treaty which allows the trade of all cheese . 
  can they just ignore it ? 
  yeah sure , but i mean when you build a stadium for 400 million quid , you do no lose 400 million quid , you own a 400 million quid stadium . 
  most of the money is invested in buildings and infrastructure . 
  not to mention the added revenue from the event and direct and indirect investments coming from the olympics . 
  what is the biggest problem ? 
  i hope we do get the olympics , i think if would be great for the country . 
  look at the euro 2000 , it was a huge succes and it was really great to experience an event like that . 
  why do you think it would be a nightmare ? 
  they did n't lose money hosting the olympics though ? 
  yeah i know , it was just a joke , 
  sorry , i meant the dutch `` chloor '' which apparently is chlorine , not chloride . 
  i obviously was n't talking about rubbing the chicken in salt . 
  * in my mind, 
  so you agree then ? 
  apparently we also made a coin about waterloo . 
  [ a $ 5 coin . 
  does the king 's face look fucked up or what ? 
  well it 's just one example , i 'm sure there are thousands of other products with possible environmental or health impacts . 
  and sure you can say that people in the us are doing fine , but we want to improve the health and environment here , not lower it . 
  well , the chloride chicken problem . 
  in the us you 're allowed to wash chickens in chloride and you ca n't in europe . 
  what 's gon na stop an american chloride chicken from entering europe ? 
  the chloride chicken is probably gon na be fine because it is a big news issue now , but what 's gon na stop pesticide oranges from entering europe ? 
  not to mention gmo 's . 
  the quality of products will be lowered , big companies can sue governments and if it is good for us then why is it secret ? 
  whoa , just now i figured out what anschluss really means . 
  ca n't believe that did n't click earlier . 
  the people ? 
  yes . 
  the contents of the trade agreement are not secret as there is n't a trade agreement yet . 
  the negotiatings are secret because it is impossible to create a trade agreement when every single sentence is being discussed in the open . 
  see every other trade agreement in history . 
  when they are finished every country can read the agreement in full and agree or not agree with it . 
  yeah only the big scary companies will make more money . 
  it 's not like it could help thousands and thousands of smaller businesses who have difficulties exporting overseas . 
  and here i though / r/europe was always brigaded by anti ttip people . 
  every time ttip is being discussed every sensible pro ttip comment is almost always heavily downvoted and unfounded populist stop-ttip comments are always upvoted . 
  apparently the ttip is a very touchy subject here which rarely allows any sort of discussion . 
  lol at the guy shooting bullets at the tank . 
  which steak ? 
  first the mod post , now this . 
  i 'm losing my sleep over this !, 
  they changed it for a few minutes . 
  if you mean the thumbnails in front of the titles , i do n't think they are very useful . 
  i get what you 're saying , but what do these topic flairs add that one would n't already know from the headlines ? 
  if that 's the case i agree with putting the categories in the sidebar like the russia filter . 
  putting the flairs front and center in the title in bright colors would n't be needed . 
  can i just ask why the people in favor think this would be an improvement ? 
  to me it seems fairly useless and only clutters the front page . 
  are there really people who look at that and think to themselves `` today i 'm only gon na read the opinion pieces and ignore the news '' ? 
  i understand that it could be useful at subs like / r/askscience , but here where 90 % is news , news about the eu or opinions about the news i do n't really see the how the flairs add a lot . 
  that does n't answer his question though . 
  i agree that it would be better to have a mod who is not controversial . 
  i know it is n't allowed here , but yeah i do think people should be able to say it . 
  if people can deny the armenian genocide i do n't see why the same would n't apply to the holocaust . 
  and yes , i understand that it idiotic to deny the holocaust . 
   someone got hold of the joint accounts password and took screenshots of the back room ok guys , fess it up . 
  who is the mole ? 
  i bet it 's that french guy with his fancy dual language comments . 
  yeah i know , i just thought it was funny . 
  congrats on catching drama on your first day !, 
  do you have a link to his comments ? 
  in principle i think everyone should be able to say what he or she thinks , even if it is ridiculous . 
  it should n't influence how someone is modding this sub . 
  i see , there 's a lot going on in the backroom it seems . 
  you chose a good time to post this . 
  could n't you drag down the american with you ? 
   by acting unanimously with out taking other mods wishes into account is n't this what he is often doing ? 
  is n't this why the previous mods left ? 
  the problems with / u/crnaruka are pretty overblown in my opinion . 
  sure he 's been a troll at times and may or may not have strong feelings about bosnia . 
  if you read his comment history though it is clear that in 99,99 % of the times he posts sensible , thought out comments . 
  he 's far better suited to mod this sub than the american , though i guess that also does n't mean a whole lot . 
  and someone who thinks we 're all idiots . 
  from the things i 've read in the leaks , his history on other subs and the fact that he 's moderating 135 ( ! ), 
  subs is enough reason for me to remove him from the mod team . 
  keeping a guy like that makes the whole mod team look dubious . 
  i think it works pretty well actually .
