  i always consider sweden as part of western europe . 
  am i still stuck in cold war rhetoric ? 
  and muslims ? 
  it 's not one of the most irriligious countries out there . 
  in global terms they are in the middle . 
  believe it or not , but the nothern border really is straight . 
  looks like the americas are in a different projection than europe . 
  apparently luxembourg did n't have a flag until 1830 , so yeah well before . 
  racist ? 
  the dutch flag used to be a lot lighter , with orange and light blue . 
  what empirical research did / u/decoy90 show ? 
   turks do n't care about the genocide one way or the other . 
  is that a good or bad thing ? 
  what about it ? 
  the dutch parlement has already recognised the armenian genocide in 2004 . 
  this motion is about urging the turkish to do the same . 
  what are you implying ? 
  that politicians just sit around at a table deciding what is true and what is false ? 
  that they are not looking at facts before deciding what they are officially recognising ? 
  iirc the dutch only had a couple of port cities in brazil . 
  they did n't have big pieces of land . 
  at the time there where like three luxembourgers and a donkey in the country . 
  what are they gon na do with even more land ? 
  how is this a forgotten genocide ? 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's the second most known . 
  unless you 're germany this works a lot better if you just name the guy . 
  this was big news in the netherlands so i think most knew who he was and cared about it . 
  though i certainly agree that thanking the french here on reddit is silly . 
  haha , that 's definitely not as bad as i feared . 
  though i 've heard papaoutai way too much to be able to still enjoy it . 
  i see , just being courteous then i guess . 
  was he from russia ? 
  so , which songs did you choose from the netherlands and belgium ? 
  you ca n't look at one partial fencing that does n't work and then conclude that fencing does n't work anywhere . 
  there are plenty of other examples where fencing does and has worked . 
  you really think a metal fence is a better deterrent than a miles wide moat ? 
  improving public transportation is also a way of reducing fatalities on the road . 
  not to mention that car density probably has a bigger influence than driven kilometers . 
  i assume you 're from greece ? 
  i think my grandparents are turning in their graves . 
  haha that reminds me . 
  apparently our prime minister also received a `` moonstone '' in 1969 . 
  they tested it a few years ago and it was n't a moonstone at all , but just a fossilized piece of wood . 
  they had even insured it for 100 thousand euros . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.kennislink.nl/publicaties/de-maansteen-van-drees ) we did also receive two rocks like op 's , so it 's all good in the end . 
  pretty sure france is a bigger influence . 
  but they also have regions with a ton of water which evens it out a bit . 
   coincidentally the problems end exactly at the borders of the state of ca that 's how stats per state/country work . 
  are you also surprised the water problems in china are exactly in the shape of china ? 
   because texas , new mexico , arizona are green states full of water . 
  like you said , water scarcity is not the same as lack of rain . 
  new mexico for instance has like 2 people per square km while at the same time have a huge fresh water river . 
  about the opposite of southern california . 
  how 's the freshwater river situation ? 
  i know we get a ton of fresh water from the alps . 
  you 're saying this to someone from the netherlands ? 
  how can the uk be yellow ? 
  they have even more rain than us . 
   at night you clearly see the difference what should i be looking at ? 
   then were are those millions of people right now ? 
  who ? 
  the people who died in de holocaust ? 
  well , they are dead . 
  denying the holocaust is in itself not hateful . 
  i also do not really care what the court thinks about things . 
  i do not have to agree with a court . 
  denying the holocaust is an opinion . 
  no idea what else it would be . 
  a lot of things offend and hurt people . 
  thank god that 's not a reason to be illegal . 
  people do not have the right to not feel offended . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't wrong to deny the holocaust , but i do think it should be allowed . 
  as wrong as it may be , banning wrong opinions sets a bad precedent in my opinion . 
  i personally think both should be tolerated , but only mentioning the armenian genocide would give me less shit . 
  well , even more european then . 
  because it 's in europe . 
  or at least part of it is . 
  ah finally . 
  come on belgians !, 
  call us dutch cheap one more time !, 
  i dare you !, 
  yeah 1.1 is a bit too broad for my liking , i just hope the mods have the same common sense as i do . 
  because of course i should be able to suggest some cultures are better then others . 
  some cultures are really shitty . 
  also russophobia is n't allowed here ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i 'm not allowed to have negative feelings or fears about russian policies ? 
  not to mention the fact that there are people out there that see sexism , racism or islamophobia in every discussion about immigration or other european policies . 
  i also think people should be allowed to say the armenian genocide was not really a genocide . 
  banning discussion about the issue is useless . 
  i personally know quite a few people who deny it and discussing it on here might give them more information to form an educated opinion . 
  much better . 
  well yeah , but who shot it is the question . 
  link to it in a comment . 
  a whole lot of people would argue about that though . 
  it 's all very subjective . 
  in the netherlands we have a lot of people who work parttime , more than anywhere in the world i believe . 
  and twice as many women work part time compared to men . 
  because they chose to , not because they are forced to .
