  yes , i 'm agreeing . 
  seriously . 
  even if you read the table wrongly like he does you can still conclude that the rich lost more than the poor . 
  i guess i never considered it a dictatorship . 
  though it technically is i prefer to call it a single party state . 
  a dictatorship without a dictator should n't be called a dictatorship . 
  i understand that it works that way , but at the same time i think it 's a bit worrisome . 
  though i have no idea if the have any influence in the talks , i just think they should . 
  the ddr was a dictatorship ? 
  yes , outside of the esm/esfs germany also has the most outstanding loans to greece . 
  though if i recall correctly portugal , spain and italy have more outstanding loans if you look at % of gdp . 
  which i find pretty remarkable because you always hear about germany and france , but these countries would have an even bigger problem if greece fails . 
  especially considering their economy . 
  kind of an odd point to make is n't it ? 
  how are the two thing remotely comparable ? 
  might be because you 're in the middle of nowhere . 
  where are you going to transport goods ? 
  the bigger factor is probably that the blue countries are the mayor european countries in terms of logistics . 
  they have the most advanced ports and have a lot incentives to invest in logistics . 
  yeah totally . 
  because even though we like to complain our government and education system are still a lot better then other european countries . 
  though i voted vvd so what do i know . 
  you ask 1000 danish people if their police is corrupt and then you ask 1000 turkish people if their police is corrupt . 
  then you compare the results . 
  how is that random ? 
  here 's the report . 
  http://www.qog.pol.gu.se/digitalassets/1455/1455551_2013_11_charron.pdf please come back if you found any `` random '' results . 
  if only they had read the table correctly . 
  what the report actually says is that the poor gained 347 % of their income and the rich lost 38 % since 2008 . 
  it 's the exact opposite of what the article is trying to conclude . 
  the 86 % is not about the poor getting even less money . 
  it 's the average joe who had a good job or a business in 2008 and lost it all . 
  they are the ones who lost 86 % of their income since 2008 . 
  eastern europe , estonia , belgium , scandinavia , germany/france/uk , italy and turkey for instance do not look random . 
  do they look random to you ? 
  all that domestic gas seems to limit our search for other energy sources . 
  we really need to invest in renewables and a nuclear reactor or two . 
  the difference between latvia and estonia though . 
  i think i spotted where all the coal in europe is stored . 
  how does this look random to you ? 
  oh god , the pet peeve of germans coming to the netherlands and talking german to everyone like we should understand what the hell you 're saying . 
  nein ich weiss es nicht , maybe you can talk english so we can both understand . 
  or even better , try some dutch !, 
  that depends on how you define how good an economy is . 
  sure there is more money in the spanish economy compared the polish , but the polish economy has been doing incredibly well compared to spain . 
  i 'm afraid this has nothing to do with social progressiveness and everything to do with money and not having enough jails . 
  abolishing short jail sentences is not going to be a magic formula that lowers the crime rate . 
  yesterday there was an interview on the radio with the maker of the documentary `` 9999 '' . 
  a documentary about mentally ill belgian prisoners who wither away in a prison cell , without any treatment and without an end date in sight . 
  if you want to look for social progressiveness , belgium prisons are not the place to look . 
  i would imagine not having a job and a shitty economy kind of dampens the mood . 
  another problem is the very narrow scale . 
  how much happier are dutch people vs germans ? 
  it could be 0.001 % happier or 500 % happier and you would n't see the difference on this map . 
  obviously not 100 % , but you can bet your ass a lot of people will stop smoking . 
  oh sorry i only saw the snow dude and nothing what he 's wearing looks like `` standard '' special forces gear . 
  honest question . 
  how can you objectively judge which european elite unit is the most elite ? 
  there is a lot of room between invading a country and doing nothing . 
  to think that the us does n't do `` little green men , us-style '' is pretty naive . 
  yeah we seem to have thing with calling things an apple . 
  yes , but gas is finite . 
  better to invest before we run out . 
  yeah , it also does n't help that we are so tiny . 
  i feel like this is something that has to be done through europe . 
  it makes a lot more sense to invest in hydropower in scandinavia or solar power in southern europe then relatively expensive solutions in the netherlands . 
  so why are you against an isds ? 
  were the thousands of trade and invest agreements that included an isds the past 50 years terrible ? 
  like which policies ? 
  well , it obviously matters to the people who do want it to succeed . 
  oh i personally think the ttip will be opposed by a few countries so it wo n't matter anyway , but the argument is that if we did public negotiations we would never have a finished agreement countries could vote on . 
  can you imagine how long it would take if every group could take their dump on the agreement ? 
  you are right that this is the strategy with these big trade agreement , but i would disagree with you that it is a bad thing . 
  if we did the negotiation in public we would never get a trade agreement between europe and the us . 
  norway would be heavily against whaling regulations , the netherlands would oppose cheese regulations , france would disagree with wine regulations . 
  on these small issues these countries could interfere negotiations . 
  if they can only vote on the big picture these countries could argue that sure they would lose on a specific market , but as a whole would benefit greatly . 
  try the subway ... 
  not really , we just want to have the final say in where our troops are going . 
  we would love to integrate weapon systems , tactics , procurements , maintenance etc. 
  we are in favor of military integration , but we are against a `` european army '' . 
   tbf , dutch roads got destroyed in two world wars so we 're starting from scratch . 
  this is just not true . 
   where do you think the seeds come from ? 
  monsanto ... 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  even if the fruits had seeds , no farmer is going to collect or plant them . 
  only on immigration though . 
   d66 wants to legalise weed and is pro-euthanasia would n't gl be a better match for d66 ? 
  those are definitely not `` breekpunten '' . 
  what makes them `` true right wing '' ? 
  the two parties only agree with eachother on a couple of issues , but are opposites on most issues . 
  they are pretty much in the middle . 
  i think you might also be detached from reality . 
  yes because the erdogan in 2002 is the same erdogan we have now . 
  not really , almost every party supports this decision . 
   and is pretty anti-immigration this election . 
  not really though . 
  unless you think every party is anti-immigration . 
  the pvda has been the muslim party for the past 30 years .
