  what would the alternative have been ? 
  objectively i want the option that prevents the most rapes . 
  subjectively i want the rapist to be punished . 
  in the end i think i want the court to be objective though . 
  i was n't commenting on the motive of the troika , i was talking about how tsipras wants to reform greece . 
  of course i would n't like it , but greece just has no way to pay for those high pensions . 
  they already spend an insane amount of money on pensions at the moment . 
  in 30 years the amount of people over 65 will have more than double . 
  there is just no way they can pay for this without serious reform . 
  in the netherlands we have huge pension funds and even we can see that there will be problems in 30 years so we adjust accordingly . 
  greece has near zero funds and huge expenses and they think they can pay for this with economic growth ? 
  i 'm sorry , but they are living in a fairly tale if they really believe that . 
  that 's essentially how tsipras won the elections . 
  he wants to get rid of the austerity measures and at the same time he wants debt relief . 
  oh sorry , debt relief and investments . 
  unless you 're willing to lock them up for the rest of their lives , it is best to release them when they have the best chance of reintegrating . 
  locking people up increases the chance of recidivism , so by not locking everyone up they are essentially making sure less people are being raped . 
  at least that 's what the experts tell me . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  do you know cases of non muslims who have been punished more heavily ? 
  the prosecuter said the ruling reflected precedent for how the country treats juvenile offenders . 
  he was 17 at the time . 
  it is fairly normal to not convict children harshly because locking them up has a worse outcome to society . 
  i still ca n't figure out how greece managed to rake up so much debt and still think that only debt relief will solve their problems . 
  this is the most ridiculous thing i 've read all day . 
  do n't you realize that this website is nothing without these volunteers ? 
  if these volunteers feel like the owners are not cooperating well and fired the only admin that did cooperate why should n't they be allowed to protest this ? 
  the day is already over ? 
  the land of turks . 
  why is austerity in the case of greece a mistake ? 
  nah , we just moved them to finland in case of an emergency . 
  how are the greek problems caused by the european marketplace ? 
  yeah , but the netherlands and greece do not have a relationship like new york and mississippi nor do i want such a relationship . 
   the northern european countries should write a check and end it . 
  yeah , and keep writing checks the next hundred years . 
  and because it 's just the biggest news at the moment , regardless of our money involved . 
  sure it can work , but does a small government also supply the same services as the big governments or do the people have to supply that for themselves ? 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  what should those comparisons show ? 
  some of which tax burdens ? 
  greek financials are not greek ? 
   as a consequence of the `` bailout '' greece 's debt , which was almost entirely in private hands , now is almost entirely the problem of the european taxpayers !, 
  because taxpayer money was n't used to pay greece , it was used to shift the debt from the private entities holding it ( who received that money ) into the hands of the eu and other countries - meaning taxpayers . 
  yeah , but everyone knows this . 
  you really think people thought the eu was just gon na give money to greece without costing the taxpayer money ? 
  and what do you mean it was n't used to pay greece ? 
  your own source says 42 % is going straight to greece . 
  buying greek debt is also means you 're paying greece . 
  what is the difference between `` loaning '' greece 10 billion and buying 10 billion of greece debt ? 
  well to be fair there were no `` good deals '' for greece . 
  and letting them default 5 years ago would have been a better european project ? 
  but that would have happened anyway . 
  yeah , it 's not really that simple . 
  when a revision is made they do not simply say that the gdp grew from one day to the other . 
  they recalculate the gdp for the past years . 
  so yes the dutch economy `` grew '' 3 % in 2014 , but also in 2012 and 2011 and so on . 
  the dutch economy has really grown the past year whether you calculate it in the new or old way . 
  though if you can show me some politicians who really though the revision was real economic growth i love to have a laugh . 
  if i have to believe the financial expert i heard on the radio that would have been a lot worse for the european economy . 
  these past 5 years banks and other institutions have had the time to disconnect greece from the other european countries . 
  a default greece now has a lot less influence now on spain for instance that it would have had 5 years ago . 
  the temperature in toronto is pretty comparable to that of ukraine as it is also further inland . 
  i guess you 're right about winnipeg , though in my defense i thought there was nothing but wasteland between toronto and vancouver . 
  i was also taught catholic values in school . 
  in my experience the difference between hollanders and vlamingen are really not that big . 
  sure there are differences , but not more than between hollanders and friesen for instance . 
  yeah , but nobody lives in those parts of canada . 
  the climate in vancouver and amsterdam is pretty comparable and on about the same latitude . 
  should this prove that the eu is a shitshow ? 
  removing which posts ? 
  what makes this a loaded question ? 
  `` do you reject or approve proposal of 3 institutions '' seems like the least loaded question i can think of . 
  who do you think caused this if i may ask ? 
  this is not really rumours and gossip . 
  i 've heard this on the radio for more than a week . 
  the ecp have been `` giving '' the greek banks billions the past week to keep up with the withdraws . 
  i guess technically correct , but the one is not like the other . 
  subs need to be moderated , leaving everything up to down voting leaves a big mess . 
  depends on what kind of news article it is . 
  some of you guys will eat up anything . 
  is it mod bash day or something ? 
  what the hell are you calling him an idiot for ? 
  he made this thread to keep all the discussion in one place . 
  if you wanted the latest news you can either blame the other users for not providing it or maybe you could visit bbc or something . 
  are you most people ? 
  are you talking about the people who think this is offensive ? 
  the point is that people are being killed for making a mohammed cartoon . 
  cartoonists are making these `` cartoons '' in protest to show that they will not be censored because of terrorism . 
  are forced to do what if i may ask ? 
  i wonder if the suicide rates in greece went up the last 5 years . 
  [ the edit button i think ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zj6nizb.png ), 
  with the big boys yes . 
  i 'm fairly certain there was post on here a couple of months ago that showed scandinavia + the netherlands in the 90 + percent though . 
  i though the unemployment graph was a bit cheery . 
  at last some light in the darkness . 
  that africa line is going to reach infinity in a hundred years . 
  i highly doubt the average dutch tourist asks were the nearest smartshop is but i guess stereotypes do n't have to be correct . 
  well yeah , that too . 
  of course its unrealistic , but that 's not the point . 
  he argues that if mein kampf is banned , the quran should also be banned .
