  they are not driving alone ... 
  no , he was mocking his nationality , not his race . 
  if he was a french guy , gordon would have said he had a banquette in his pants . 
  well , the vast majority does care , but does n't find it racist . 
  it 's a variation on `` bless you '' that people say when i tell them my dutch name . 
  not racist at all . 
  you can if you have been doing it the past ten years to everyone you meet . 
  no one knows the `` true '' origin of zwarte piet . 
  acting like it is a fact that he represents a black slaver is wrong in my opinion . 
  i very much agree , that 's why i added `` the way you implement austerity is important '' . 
  it 's a fear of bad economic times ahead . 
  it 's a self fulfilling prophecy really . 
  they see people around them getting fired and because they expect more unemployment they spend less . 
  however , them spending less is actually one of the causes for this additional unemployment . 
  people who do n't spend while receiving the same paycheck they received the past ten years . 
   they acquire mysql databases via cne access . 
  can someone explain what this even means ? 
  i do n't think austerity itself is a bad thing . 
  if you receive less money you should spend less money . 
  i understand that the way you implement austerity is important , but is not implementing it any better ? 
   the survey you are trying to take is either not live or not available to you . 
  yeah , it 's pretty flauw . 
  rotterdam is a great place for modern architecture . 
  rotterdam is a great place for modern architecture . 
  good thing we are learning german for you guys . 
  better then being confused with germans . 
  no offense . 
   eu selling off to big pharma and tobacco companies your source : [ a triumph for vapers , smokers and ( most importantly ) common sense : the european parliament rejected the medicinal regulation for e-cigarettes ] ( http://www.ecigarette-research.com/web/index.php/2013-04-07-09-50-07/133-a-triumph-for-vapers-smokers ), 
  like i said :  people who agree with the premise are more likely to flock to the thread . 
  you 're also ignoring the fact that my comment is the most upvoted comment here ? 
  you are exactly the reason why i comment that much in this thread . 
  because i disagree with every argument i hear about vote hiding . 
  if i do n't voice my opinion , mods might start to think most people are in favor of vote hiding . 
  that 's the problem with threads like this i have found . 
  people who agree with the premise are more likely to flock to the thread . 
  those are not the same people though , it does n't mean anything . 
  it might as well mean that his comment made more people check said comment . 
  if you try it out , you still would n't know how it works . 
  how scores help . 
  people like to have feedback on their comments . 
  having a lot of downvotes might be an incentive to rethink their comment . 
  people like to know that people have read their comment . 
  if they ca n't see if people read their comment there is no incentive to keep commenting . 
  people are more likely to comment if their opinion is downvoted or the wrong comment is upvoted . 
  people like to read `` good comments '' and will skip reading comments without a value . 
  i am not afraid of change itself . 
  i 'm afraid people here are gon na try stuff that failed in my other subreddits . 
  but this assumes that people with an opposing opinion will be automatically downvoted . 
  this is not my experience at all . 
  in 99 % of the case you will see two opposing opinions in the top comments . 
  it also in my opinion wrongly assumes the a significant amount of people do not decide for themselves . 
  i think there are more people who dislike hided votes than there are who can not decide for themselves . 
  by a large margin . 
   even if / r/europe does n't have a particular problem with downvoting , surely introducing some of these measures would be helpful in any subreddit ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  i hear this a lot . 
  i think `` bandwagoning '' is overblown immensely on reddit . 
  i do n't think it is relevant in any of the hundreds of threads i 've read on / r/europe . 
  even if it happens , why do people care ? 
  i can smell the confirmation bias from here . 
  ah yes `` bandwagoning '' , also known as `` populair opinion '' in some societies . 
  it 's really a non issue in my opinion . 
  and this somehow stops people from supposedly downvoting anti eu comments ? 
  i do n't really see what problem this would solve . 
  since when is non-previous-score-influenced-voting a problem ? 
  that was n't my point , but what would hiding points do then ? 
  downvoted anti eu comments would still be downvoted all the way down . 
  how would something like that be objectively `` proved useful '' . 
  enough time for what ? 
  why would that stop people from downvoting ? 
  i 've seen upvoted comments who had nothing offensive in them , besides just being the minority viewpoint . 
  upvote/downvote can be an incentive to join a discussion . 
  not having points does not add any incentive . 
  and no , i do n't mean `` karma whoring '' . 
  and i do n't think suspicion is enough . 
  firstly , you assume that there is a significant group who do not come to an independent conclusion if they can see the points . 
  secondly , you assume that there is significant amount of comments that allow an independent conclusion . 
  which in both cases is not correct in my opinion . 
  how would hiding votes for one hours help the supposed hivemind and independent thinking ? 
  it would only `` help '' 10 % of the readers . 
  i propose we first find out if there is really a problem and if would really help anything . 
  if it only `` helps '' 10 % and annoys 20 % , it seems to be useless . 
  but does it really or is this just assumed ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/ensrt.gif hiding scores does not improve discussion , it hurts discussion . 
  people like to know if their opinion is heard , no one wants to sing in the desert . 
  i also do n't think that is has been proven that genuine anti eu comments that contribute to discussion are being heavily downvoted . 
  we ca n't just willy nilly change the whole voting system based on a suspicion . 
  wait , did you seriously link to something he said ** one year ago !? 
  ** why ? 
  why do you care so much ? 
  very true , but is calling people names an opinion ? 
  you 're more than welcome . 
  silly joke , but here you can be upvoted one day and downvoted the next for the exact same comment . 
  i do n't think there is a `` downvote culture '' 2 . 
  he made it seem like he did n't want to comment because he was afraid he would get downvoted . 
  karma should n't influence you in commenting your opinion or not . 
  i believe they tested it at / r/dataisbeautiful . 
  it worked the first few weeks , but after that the upvote/downvote average went back to normal . 
  i 'll see if i can find it . 
  ** edit ** : well now i feel silly ... [ it was me .
