  there are no better alternatives i can think of . 
  it prevents new mods from hijacking a sub and keeps control of the sub with the people who made it . 
  yep . 
  yes , you can remove the mods under you in the list . 
  apparently we are n't allowed to talk about it . 
  that 's some juicy stuff . 
  or did he ? 
  was `` the brown person '' also taken ? 
  yes , that is also a theory . 
  either one could be correct . 
  we have a few `` planning bureas '' , this is what the oldest has to say about it :  no planning  literally translated , cpb in dutch means ` central planning bureau ' . 
  this has been a misnomer from the start , as cpb has never been engaged in economic planning . 
  it analyses the effects of current and future government policies . 
  hence , our english name : cpb netherlands bureau for economic policy analysis . 
  however , because cpb is so well known in the netherlands , we keep the name our founders gave us . 
  tomatoes in dutch cuisine is almost non existent . 
  especially compared to spain and italy . 
  we also produce every tomato in greenhouses so the quality is higher compared to tomatoes grown outside . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers , but i 'm certain we do that a lot more than spain an italy . 
  so no offence , but why would someone who almost never posts here be a good mod for this sub ? 
  1 ) every trade agreement is always in secret , it would n't work otherwise . 
  2 ) yes , once you sign a treaty you can not make laws conflicting with this signed treaty . 
  does n't that make sense ? 
  3 ) what else do you suggest ? 
  i think it has something to do with eurovision voting , but i 'm not sure . 
  it is unrecognized , but recognized when performed abroad ? 
  that does n't sound right . 
  yeah , the song was also pretty good . 
  and she was gorgeous . 
  that 's why democracy is the worst form of goverment , except for all the others . 
  it sounded pretty good for a jostie band . 
  yeah that has to do with noise and air pollution . 
  it is allowed to build temperary lanes that are only open a few hours a day , but when you want a permanent lane this opens a whole other can of worms . 
   the only thing i found awkward was all the people driving on the shoulder of the highway behind the white line . 
  huh ? 
  i rarely see that happen . 
  do you mean on a [ `` spitsstrook '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z6g1dnr.jpg ) ? 
  where people can use the shoulder during rush hours . 
  this is only allowed when there is a green arrow . 
  if by `` stupid '' he means `` does n't show the whole picture '' then sure . 
  everything is relative , compared to germany we certainly have a more relaxed and easy attitude towards life . 
  amsterdam is not representive of `` who we are '' , but neither is groningen , den haag or maastricht . 
  i 've been in a lot of places with a lot of different nationalities and `` relaxed with an easy attitude towards life '' is exactly how i would characterize dutch people compared to the other nationalities . 
  who ... cares ... ? 
  the schengen area is not part of the eu . 
  it 's just an agreement between european countries . 
  you are . 
  in the top right corner . 
  well , at least the country is . 
  yes , but it 's the system that is rigged . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  good luck arranging helicopters for every single ambassador . 
  well , the plane was n't filled with all ambassadors so they did good here . 
  although not all people have a proper representation , having 1 party in charge does make sure the country is being run directly . 
  just look at belgium or the netherlands to see that having 10 different parties just ends up with endless `` polderen '' . 
  yes its fair , but certainly not ideal if you have a country to run . 
   this can hardly be called democratic , no matter which side you are on during these elections . 
  i think in principle it 's a pretty democratic system . 
  voting for your own member who represents your own district makes a lot of sense . 
  the effects the system has on the political landscape really negate that though . 
  you 're left with a mostly two party system where any other vote is just a waste . 
  btw , the uk , the us and canada are in some odd company with their fptp system . 
  it 's them , half of africa and a bunch of islands . 
  it 's not normalized , that 's why he does it . 
  to get in the papers . 
  not all , only the bad apples . 
  i might have picked the wrong activity . 
  he said `` then we will arrange that '' in the same way as you would arrange a sunday bbq , hence the laughter afterwards . 
  by sending them back to morocco , not by chopping their heads off . 
  he also said be wanted less pvda . 
  that does n't mean he 's inciting aggression and violence against pvdaers . 
  who are you and where are you from ? 
   we respectfully request that the u.s. government deny mr. wilders 's entry due to his participation in inciting anti-muslim aggression and violence , you can say a lot about wilders , but to say he 's inciting aggression or violence is just nonsense . 
  saying the demands may have come from a certain person without any proof is bad journalism . 
  [ apparently it is ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sluice ), 
  in dutch a lock of hair is `` lok '' , a lock on a door is `` slot '' and a lock in a river is `` sluis '' . 
  oh man , if we only thought about that earlier . 
  we should stop wars . 
  i ca n't believe we had n't figured that out yet . 
  expect that 's exactly what he 's saying and what these 3 comments are saying . 
  he does not want to learn german before getting asylum . 
  maybe you should argue with these people instead of just assuming yourself that they are wrong and are not willing to listen to others . 
  which people are you talking about ? 
  i 'm sure he was talking about european countries doing the typical african slave trade . 
  this would be at the bottom of the list of things the netherlands has to apologize for . 
  come on dude , could n't you think of something worse ? 
  in the context of ww2 and its horrors this was certainly understandable . 
  which slave trade countries did n't apologize ? 
  comments like yours make this subreddit worse every day . 
  haha definitely . 
  shit , i even have a danish last name . 
  in the netherlands the support has been between 85-95 % in [ the last 50 years ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wmekg47.png ) . 
  though it 's probably mostly because of [ koninginnendag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s05ia7v.jpg ) . 
  no , it is a little more than 5 % . 
  it 's definitely not a robinson projection ( it 's one of my favorites . ), 
  because europe is slanted to the right instead of to the left with a projection centered in the americas . 
  i actually think they used a horribly mutated goode projection . 
  god , even a mercator would have been better . 
  yes they are less religious than most other countries , but to say they are one of the most irreligious is not a correct representation i think . 
  a country that is 65 % religious is not part of the `` most irreligious countries out there '' .
