  he knows it 's never gon na happen , but if he thinks the quran is inciting violence it is not such a big leap to ask for a ban . 
  whether you agree with it or not . 
  why not ? 
  yeah , but if you use wilders followers in an argument you win every time :(, 
  but those are fundamentally different things . 
  inciting to violence and freedom of speech do not belong together in our society . 
  i can say wilders is an asshole , that i hate white people , but once i tell everyone that they should killed all white people i have crossed a line . 
  wilders is a hypocrite for only addressing the quran and not the other books . 
  i do n't think he is a hypocrite for addressing freedom of speech and banning inciting to violence at the same time . 
  i do n't agree with banning the quran , though i do wonder if the book would be allowed to be published today if you made it scientology themed . 
  i think you misunderstand the intent . 
  the intent is that he does not think that people should be censoring themselves because of violence . 
  you probably think he does this solely to hurt your feelings , but the violent reactions are the reason he does this . 
  if no one got murdered for making a cartoon this would not even be an issue . 
  ok , but do you agree with this video or not ? 
  why is it misguided ? 
  people are being killed for the sole reason to censor drawings from muhammad . 
  why is going against this violent censorship misguided ? 
  he wants to ban the quran because he thinks it incites violence . 
  inciting violence is against the law . 
  do n't you think freedom of speech has limits ? 
  the freedom of speech does not include incitement , which wilders is referring to . 
  there are certainly some aspects of the koran that people could see as inciting violence do n't you think ? 
  it 's an interesting subject to discuss . 
  of inciting violence is against the law , then why is the koran/bible allowed ? 
  though i guess some would argue that those books are not to be taken literally and seen in context . 
  are you a christian , atheist , finn or swede ? 
  do you want me to look up all the cartoons solely made to insult you ? 
  mohammed comics are in the spotlight because people are being kills for them , not because they insult a certain group . 
   also really nice , that he 's using public resources for this . 
  yeah , that 's how it works in a democracy . 
  we even pay his salary . 
  why do you say this if i may ask ? 
  yeah , you never hear wilders and islamophobia in the same sentence . 
   it targets specifically them except it does n't , cartoonists target everyone , be it jews , christians , buddhists , atheists etc. 
  so what if they feel insulted ? 
  things insult me , things insult you , things insult everyone . 
  insulting people is not the point , the point is that people are being killed for being insulting . 
  being insulting in protest makes a lot more sense to me than censoring yourself because it might insult people . 
  in which you would be doing exactly what these extremists want you to do . 
  if they are already being alienated by a stupid cartoon i do n't even want to know what other things we do to alienate them . 
  i think the moment people started getting killed for making a cartoon was the moment this became something other than merely being rude or not . 
  apparently it did n't air today because of a `` misunderstanding '' and the broadcaster is `` looking into the problem '' . 
  it will be aired on wednesday or so they say . 
  if it was n't wilders i think a lot of people would agree with this . 
  ignoring the fact that he probably mostly does this just to get in the news he wants to do this to support the notion of freedom of speech and not having the right to not be offended . 
  that this causes such a stir kind of proves his point . 
  i would even support this if this was only in protest at what happened at carlie habdo . 
  i think you are overestimating the importance of foreign students and how much wilders would care about maastricht . 
  is the uk exempt from the quota ? 
  also why is france against ? 
  seems like they would get most of the refugees if italy decides to give them visas . 
  that 's how it is done currently i think . 
  denmark does not use the `` first past the post '' system . 
  this is to show what it could look like if they had the same system as the uk . 
  first past the post means that the party that has the majority of votes in a district gets the seat . 
  this means that oranje got 8 % of the total votes , but in only 2 % of the districts they got a majority . 
  well , let 's say i 'm easily amused . 
  something new : [ lil ' kleine & ronnie flex - drank & drugs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_swivbesd50 ) pretty catchy if you ask me . 
  is n't that the second round voting system ? 
  that when a party gets 15 % of the votes they also get 15 % of the seats in the house . 
  in the netherlands we had like 8 parties who all got a decent amount of votes so there were no big parties . 
  i do n't know how it was in the other countries though , i 'm sure some of them also had two or three big parties like the uk and still chose for proportional representation . 
  weird , guess i misread that somewhere . 
  still though , with second turn voting you still need 50 % of the vote , not to mention the smaller parties would n't get a chance . 
  but was n't that also the case in the other european countries ? 
  anyone know the reason why almost every other european government agreed that proportional representation was a better system and the uk is still stuck with this ? 
  wow , that 's some terrible and yet probably very effective campaigning . 
  is second turn voting really that much better ? 
  sure , on paper at least 50 % voted for their representative , but that 's only because there is no other choice . 
  ~ ~ ukip still would n't get a single seat as they would n't even reach round 2 . ~ ~, 
  my point was about threads about immigration , not about this one particular video . 
  if you consider that propaganda , you might as well consider every ttip , eu , euro , touristy thread propaganda . 
  immigration is a big issue here in europe and a lot of people have strong feelings about it . 
  claiming most of the immigration threads are propaganda filled with bigoted views is a bit narrow minded . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm asking . 
  op is talking about immigration threads and then the french guy says he can delist those links to keep this subreddit clean of propaganda . 
  how is talking about immigration propaganda ? 
  so what are they doing actually ? 
  / r/europe does n't say anything . 
  i 'm always suprised how many i see here in the netherlands . 
  i see a few teslas every single day . 
  people can just charge it at home . 
  how did that happen ? 
  do you get a tax cut or are you guys just that rich , 
  there are quite a lot of power sockets in the streets here . 
  [ looks like this ] ( http://www.denhaagdirect.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/img_8805-300x225.jpg ), 
  i do n't know what kind of definition of `` beaten '' you 're using , but they are being hit and kicked multiple times . 
  how is that not `` being beaten '' ? 
   i did n't see anyone actually being hit or kicked , at any point so you do see it now ? 
  saying someone is being hit does n't mean they have to be knocked out . 
  call they slaps , punches or smacks , they all mean she 's getting hit . 
  the eu is something that formed with hundreds , if not thousands of agreements . 
  it 's not comparable with this i think . 
  but yeah , not impossible . 
  you should watch it again . 
  ah , the answer to everything . 
  yeah , i also do n't see it happening . 
  not that i 'm against it , but so many countries voting on such a huge bill seems nearly impossible . 
  why is the provision there in the first place ?
