  so this one is n't released yet , but 's like planet earth of the netherlands . 
  [ here 's the trailer . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpxahm00vuy ), 
  the second to last was better for you guys ? 
  yeah , but everyone knows that the last war never counts . 
  oh thanks . 
  i did n't know it 's been an issue for so long, 
  pff , who does n't like snert ? 
  because ? 
  how is that relevant to this post ? 
  dammit op , for a second there i was ashamed that i did n't know we had a war with austria that had been devastating . 
  damn op , you 're gon na do us last are n't you . 
  i agree . 
  they have fewer cars per thousands people than sweden or france ? 
  i 'm pretty sure op is aware of the `` per thousand people '' thing . 
  i like the factsheet , but [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zfgrijm.png ) is just a terrible way to split data . 
  what the hell is dit ? 
  more like less than 1 % ... 
  you want to join the low countries ? 
  no it 's not !, 
  you obviously have to go one of our prime attractions . 
  visit the `` three-country point '' a place where , yes really , three countries meet . 
  it is also the highest dutch point in europe at a whopping 322 meters !, 
  because they fourth biggest iirc , bigger than spain al least . 
  damn the lidl and aldi are everywhere . 
  i mean they are countries that you can compare with the us , i do n't mean that they are countries that are similar to the us . 
  where ya at yo ? 
  also where you can find a delicious dutch threat . 
  well one did n't cause a world war so there 's that . 
  sure , but if you compare europe as a whole with the us , our biggest countries would not equal your biggest cities . 
  that comparison would n't make any sense . 
  it just reminds me of the bus . 
  and you have a connection with the benelux because you once owned us right , 
  values of france , the uk , spain and germany are western european values . 
  i think european culture is superior to other non european countries . 
  that does n't mean i think one single european country has a superior culture than an other european country . 
  the french are known to appreciate their own culture the most . 
  guess it 's not true . 
   taking the population centers ( and their surrounding areas ) of the u.s. would be a better comparison , imo . 
  like california , texas , new york and florida ? 
  france germany and britain are most comparable to the us . 
  choosing italy over spain would have made more sense , but it is certainly not an illogical selection of four european countries . 
  why do you think europeans have such an uncritical view of communism ? 
  also , you think a lot of europeans think stalin was a good guy ? 
  it really depends on the location though . 
  heineken and hertog jan are favorites here . 
  allo allo is great dude . 
  what are you talking about ,, 
  i just googled frikadellen and those are not frikadellen !, 
  frikadellen do n't look like hamburgers dammit !, 
  til heimwee comes from the german word heimweh . 
  wait , are we bad drivers ? 
  terrible joke . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ laughed, 
  about us ? 
  i can honestly say that i have never tried it . 
  i do n't like to gamble . 
  sure it does . 
  even though he 's technically correct . 
  a whole lot of people call the netherlands holland and nobody really cares . 
  they do n't even call themselves dutch so there 's that . 
  we also got our ass handed to us though ... 
  there is enough terrible cuisine for both of us . 
  damn , you 're almost dutch . 
  i know , they are both . 
  why did n't you keep it `` what is the best thing about ... '' ? 
  that 's pretty good . 
  i thought it was one of the least flexible languages in the world . 
  snails and frogs . 
  mmmmm . 
  were does he talk about people scorning southern europeans ? 
  it 's in the title , but i ca n't see it in the text . 
  does anyone know if they pulled the plug ? 
  yeah i was surprised how european cucumber time was . 
  thought is was a typical dutch word . 
  ** netherlands ** * cucumber time, 
  was it ever open ? 
  i live in a flat , cold country and do not use a mountain bike nor do i wear a helmet . 
  this seems to keep the sweating to a minimal . 
  yeah , also our pm is called a mp ( minister president ) . 
  i am , damn i thought our pm was paid $ 130,000 . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  we do n't have 225 mp 's , we have one . 
  ok yeah it looked very dutch . 
  i was n't aware that you could choose provences . 
  ps : i know , does n't work on my ipad . 
  my apologies , but where is your flag from ? 
  cool , nice place to live by the way . 
  oh really ? 
  where in st. maarten ? 
  i lived there for a year . 
   the number of university students who do n't care about really understanding the subject matter and only care about passing the typical requirements is too damn high in both greece and the netherlands . 
  how is this gaming the system ? 
  though obviously you will find people in all countries that game the system , that does n't mean that it is not more prevalent in some countries . 
  no it 's `` legal '' everywhere , but all the loud and annoying british and americans are in amsterdam . 
  cool , why frisia ? 
  not that there is anything wrong with that . 
  amsterdam \u2260 the netherlands : /, 
  the stereotype that there is nothing wrong with gaming the system and having a sense of entitlement rather than a sense of responsibility . 
  not really .
