  is n't it a small part of it though ? 
  looking at the win/lose ratio is always a bit silly to me . 
  you can win 100 wars against tahiti , but if you lose a world war you 're still fucked . 
  that everyone is smoking weed . 
  sodom , sex , drugs , snobs and pimps . 
  same here !, 
  robbedoes . 
  talk about being pedantic . 
  yeah i broke one once . 
  use a big hammer though . 
  pretty cool !, 
  still need to add some dutch islands ? 
  5 german coins : /, 
  wait . 
  heracles ? 
   much confusion is due to many in and outside the usa referring to the united states of america as `` america '' the is no confusion about that at all . 
  and pretty epic . 
  i assume `` niderland\u00f3w '' means the netherlands , 
  i was gon na tell you what `` blind '' meant in dutch . 
  yeah it 's definitely better for your ankles . 
  i really miss the smell though . 
  there nothing better than a wet grass field . 
  we have rubber in the turf and the smell is just terrible when the sun is out . 
  edit : turf 1 . a. 
  a surface layer of earth containing a dense growth of grass and its matted roots ; sod . 
  an artificial substitute for such a grassy layer , as on a playing field . 
  turf field is a grass field is it not ? 
  grass will do just fine without the nutrients of leaves though . 
  he fought the english and french and scored several major victories against them , the best known probably being the raid on the medway . 
  killed by a cannonball, 
  fun fact . 
  they are now real bridges . 
  we build them : http://www.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/euro-bridges-an-uncommon-monument-to-the-common-currency-a-795930.html, 
  wtf , they said i 'm french : /, 
  yeah well , right back at ya . 
  your wiki article :  pride can also manifest itself as a high opinion of one 's nation ( national pride ) and ethnicity ( ethnic pride ) . 
  i agree with you that people should n't pat themselves on the back for other people 's actions . 
  i can be proud of the accomplishment of a friend though . 
  inwardly directed emotion means that you do not express it . 
   with a positive connotation , pride refers to a satisfied sense of attachment toward one 's own or ** another 's choices and actions , or toward a whole group of people ** , and is a product of praise , independent self-reflection , or a fulfilled feeling of belonging . 
  really ? 
  you ca n't be proud of other people ? 
  hear , hear . 
  do you think staying neutral in wwi was a proud moment ? 
  come one guys , we ca n't just leave out 1988 . 
  haha , i guess i 'm now a dutch ambassador and speak for the whole country :  the good news is that the dutch , who already spoke rather unfavorably about us , change their minds . 
  i welcome in particular the transformation that has taken place in their awareness of our involvement in world war ii . 
  in 2100 years i have witnessed the ceremony in driel ( september 17 is not only the anniversary of the soviet aggression on poland , and also le anniversary of operation market-garden ) . 
  heart swelled when i heard the praises of the gene sosabowski and his brave boys . 
  too bad the brits still do not apologize for our cast aspersions on the man who saved the asses reportedly elite british troops ... 
  awesome !, 
  i can finally tell my mom i made it . 
  they translated bleached jeans to steamed jeans though . 
  if i could choose between having a permanent europe flag or having a different country 's flag i would choose the permanent flag . 
  it does n't matter at all , but that 's what this thread is about . 
  even if they were in the eu i still do n't see the need to have a single country 's flag on the snoo dude . 
  even if it was in europe i still do n't see the point of a single country 's flag . 
  this is / r/europe , i prefer not to have a single country 's flag on there . 
  i 've never seen a polish guy on a bicycle . 
  if anything you can see them walking on roads that are n't made for walking . 
  bleached jeans everywhere . 
  what did you expect ? 
  that the allied powers would go to war with russia ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  they saved our ass in the wwii , thanks guys !, 
  they work hard , drink a lot of alcohol and the women still wear those bleached jeans . 
  for goverment tweets maybe , i was talking about twitter as a whole . 
  direct informal communication with fans/friends/followers . 
  think mini blog . 
  because a lot of media likes to make him look worse than he really is . 
  i say this as someone who opposes almost every standpoint he sets forth . 
  [ here 's an interesting write up about it . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/edwest/100024237/geert-wilders-is-not-far-right/ ), 
  ah yes , great counterpoint . 
  i 'll be honest , they are the least welcome group . 
  but that has nothing to do with them being `` foreign '' or being muslim . 
   if you automatically disrespect me do n't expect anything like respect in return . 
  good point , this is exactly the reason why wilders is so popular . 
  they 've had enough of the automatic disrespect . 
  not that high if you know his real attitudes . 
  pretty sure i never said white people do n't commit crimes . 
  that 's just a load of bull . 
  calling them moroccans has nothing to do with them being welcome or not . 
  fyi 99 % of dutch moroccans have a moroccan passport . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think calling them surinamer , antillian or moroccan makes them any less welcome . 
  and yes , i consider them all dutch . 
  yeah , if anything indonesians are the people who integrate best . 
  that 's a pretty unfair conclusion . 
  there is no denying that moroccan youth creates a lot more problems than other groups . 
  pretty sure it 's ~ 17 % , not ~ 33 % . 
  shallow and pedantic . 
  cheaters !, 
  i do n't see how anyone outside of the uk could oppose it to be honest . 
  yes , he 's from wilders 's freedom party . 
  they are pretty `` anti-europe '' . 
  ideally it should happen like you said . 
  i just do n't think it works that way in the real world . 
  it sucks that we ca n't just have a rational discussion on this subreddit without one being downvoted heavily . 
   they might meet a roma at a job interview and then decide not to hire this roma and grant him a way out of poverty because he is of a roma , which is something he can not control . 
  this poor guy who 's lived in some ghetto all his life , this guy who is perfectly qualified for the job being turned down because of racism .
