  edit : it was marked nsfw when i saw it . 
  no i 'm pretty sure you are misreading my point here . 
   not saying the police are n't doing bad things  let 's not act like anyone there has clean hands . 
   edit : [ here is ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/beljsy1cmaanjfo.jpg:large ) a picture of berkut in action . 
  oh , nasty protesters !, 
  and here is [ a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9wkwwwkszc ) of the protesters in action . 
  we can do this all day you know , that was kind of my point . 
  very true . 
  does anyone have an answer that will appease both sides ? 
  i also saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuo53xezkm8 ) . 
  not saying the police are n't doing bad things , but if you see this you can hardly blame them . 
  let 's not act like anyone there has clean hands . 
  depending on how you define killing i would definitely say the nazis killed more . 
  saying way more is definitely not correct . 
  let 's just say they are both pretty bad . 
  pretty good . 
  you call it sinister and creepy , but is n't it also pretty reasonable ? 
  russia has a very direct influence in ukrain compared to the eu . 
  if russia wants ukraine to side with them , why would n't they use this influence ? 
  i understand both sides in this issue to be honest . 
  pretty sure there are thousands of government officials and only one bill gates, 
  i was talking about the very broad statement of / u/deatvert . 
  chance russia in the eu and it would still be correct . 
  pointing out a country does something only because it benifits themselves is redundant . 
  does anyone have any video of these unprovoked attacks ? 
  i have yet to come across a video like that . 
  i 'm not saying it did n't happened , i just want to see it . 
  i lumped them together because those two are the `` military adventures '' he was referring to . 
  not because they are similar or have the same motive . 
  just like mali and libya are also very very different . 
   their future lies not with the eu or russia , but by working upon themselves . 
  i very much agree with this . 
  in all honestly though it seems like a political nightmare . 
  it like a poor belgium on a terrible location . 
  what do you think would be the ideal government situation ? 
  i almost think that it would be best if the government was both pro eu as well as pro russia . 
  does this really need proof ? 
  even if he was n't a government official i think it is pretty interesting to see the russian perspective in this whole ordeal . 
  it could be an interesting debate which would fit right in here at / r/europe . 
  ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ how ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ survey ^ ^ ^ doing ? 
  makes a lot of sense man , thanks for the explanation . 
  i appreciate it a lot . 
  that reminds me that there are very few antipodes on earth . 
  because earth is so top heavy , 99 % of the time when you would do this experiment it would be land vs water . 
  is n't that also what the eu is doing ? 
  probably not the smartest move to say this before the games ... 
  not sure if variants is the right word . 
  like in one m3 there are an enormous amount of variants of the combination temperature and pressure . 
  17.1 c and 826.2 pa is the combination and a variant would be 17.1 c and 826.3 pa. 
  does this mean the ground temperature and pressure or also higher up ? 
  i assume it is a easier to get the same combination at opposite ends if you 're 10 km in the sky . 
  what is a fun fact . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  i guess my edit was correct ? 
  are you saying that there are so many variants that this will always be true at some point on earth ? 
   i 'm not to up to date with french tabloids but is the last line a subtle dig at them lying about stuff ? 
  well , all tabloids are known to lie are n't they ? 
  hollande and the woman are denying it so it 's their word vs the word and pictures of the tabloids . 
  do n't you think there is a bit of a difference between iraq/afghanistan and libya/mali/car ? 
  it might be interesting to know that the un mali mission is led by dutch former minister bert koenders . 
  it might explain some of the willingness of the dutch . 
  no problem dude . 
  anomaly means the temperature compared to the mean temperature . 
  so both in the sahara and the polar region it is 8 decrees higher than normally these past days . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  slovenia and the polar region are indeed both + 8-9 celsius . 
   i 'm about half-way through this , and going to need another day or two . 
  i hope the delay does n't upset too many people !, 
  you said monday !!!!, 
  you forgot to add a link . 
  is `` neger '' used as a slur over there ? 
  hey !, 
  i thought real australians did n't use the word shrimp !, 
  roger . 
  or as we call it in dutch : `` groundapple '' ( aardappel ), 
   even if a language borrows words from two other languages , it would n't necessarily follow that it borrows two words for each concept ; it would be likely that it uses one word from the most appropriate language . 
  i can only talk about dutch , but that 's not true . 
  for 99 % of the french words we use , we have a dutch counterpart . 
  something something my cold dead body . 
  so it 's germanic language with a majority of romance words ? 
  does n't that mean that they have a lot more words ? 
   from country to country , they directly blame immigrants , rather than the banking system , for their financial and social problems . 
  good one . 
  someone who understands that temperature changes gradually . 
  i think you are misunderstanding me . 
  there can be a religion with atheists , but atheism itself can not be a religion . 
  just like theism in itself can not be a religion . 
  it is merely a classification of belief or lack of belief in god . 
  atheism can inspire a religion , but atheism itself can not become a religion by definition is what i 'm saying . 
  in the same way you could say that communism is a religion . 
  yes , but a group is not necessarily a religion . 
  but atheism does n't have an organized collection of beliefs , cultural systems and world views . 
  by definition it can not become a religion or am i missing something ? 
  i think it would be a great idea . 
  good luck convincing france . 
  yes ? 
  is he wrong though ? 
   i 'm not emperor of the world , i 'm just one person involded  superiority-complex what ? 
  yes , because it is out of style , that 's the reason . 
  it has nothing to do with white privilege , it has to do with facts .
