  she said that the water was restored . 
  this can happen when a broken pipe has been restored . 
   these are the rooms they 're giving to russia 's most disliked media groups to report on the olympics . 
  ftfy, 
  i would love to see the journalists do their job and show me how terrible these accommodations really are . 
  for the time being i have only seen the same exact five tweets ( photos ) being repeated over and over . 
  we are talking about the facilities . 
  the bbc , cnn , new york daily , the guardian , the washington post , fox news , metro all have an article about these five tweets . 
  you really think it 's just a case of `` being funny '' ? 
  you 're seriously judging these olympics by a handful of photos ? 
  there are 12000 rooms and five pictures give you the impression that they are shitting on it ? 
  a broken curtain , an open door , and a missing door handle . 
  if that 's all they can find i guess it 's not all that bad . 
  really ? 
  a broken curtain , an open door , and a missing door handle matter just as much as the facilities for the athletes ? 
  i suspect that them being american media has something to do with it . 
  sure , but some people seem to be judging sochi by these handful of photos . 
  while in reality everything looks great , especially for the athletes . 
  [ like you can see in this video . 
  ] ( http://nos.nl/os2014/video/606243-journaille-op-schoolreisje-in-sotsji.html ), 
  totally not biased or anything . 
  it 's 50/50 , who 's being delusional ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  of course this does n't apply to every single polish guy . 
  i can say from experience though , that this is the case with 99 % of the polish guys who are available here . 
   but you cant say - i will hire a polish guy and i expect him to work and not complain . 
  i can , and people here do . 
  also , water is wet . 
  if it contains different upvoted opinions it is n't a circlejerk by default . 
  or could there be multiple circlejerks in one thread ? 
  it depends on what people mean with `` predict someone 's behaviour '' . 
  i can probably predict to a certain extent that if i hire a polish guy , that he will work hard without complaining a lot . 
  i ca n't help but suspect that all you polish guys voted for yourself at the `` who are the most attractive '' question . 
  we have the second silliest accent ? 
  what the hell guys . 
  well , turkey is a very controversial topic it seems . 
  9 % is quite a lot actually . 
  / r/soccer for instance only has 2 % . 
  is this thread a circlejerk ? 
  it is n't . 
  maybe you mean that russia is not as popular as the eu ? 
  for what ? 
  for assuming / u/cbf86 only uses reddit as his newssource or for assuming / u/cbf86 thinks that nothing was ready ? 
  pretty sure he was either being sarcastic or he was pointing out that there are two sides to this story . 
  according to our olympics team the accommodations are a lot bigger and better than previous years . 
   [ if you look at the housing at the other games , the rooms here are bigger than we have ever had . 
  these are beautiful apartments with spacious rooms and a spacious bathroom . 
  better than this i have never seen . 
  yeah , a very `` gezellige '' city , 
  well , this is interesting . 
  she has the same exact feelings of not belonging and not being accepted as you do . 
  what do you do ? 
  instead of seeing the similarities you ridicule her for being spoiled and selfish . 
  why ? 
  because she is white ? 
  and you are complaing about people being judgemental ? 
  depends on how you define outsider . 
  if i go to limburg ( an other dutch provence ) i will be seen as an outsider . 
  hell , even if i go to the next town i 'm seen as an outsider . 
  cool , where are you moving to ? 
   we americans aha !, 
  you 're being pedantic . 
  you know exactly what i mean . 
  sigh, 
   i even a few people flat-out tell me that i was n't italian , but that i was american . 
  this is a position that i do n't understand , and that leads me down a very dark mental path . 
  i do n't want to lead you down the dark path again , but why exactly do you feel that you 're italian and not american ? 
  seeing that your mother does not speak italian and your name is german i assume only your grandparents are italian . 
  as someone with dutch , belgium , scottish and german blood , it is difficult to understand this mindset . 
  being born and raised in america with the language of the country makes you american in my opinion . 
  sorry is this offends you , i 'm just interested in why you feel this way . 
  sure dude . 
  what comparison do you think is better ? 
   saying that just american football cares about tactics and whichever player is playing in what position is incredibly stupid and ignorant . 
  when did i say this ? 
  there is just a huge difference between telling demaryius thomas which route he has to take every single play , or telling arjen robben how he has to play for 45 minutes . 
  robben has a whole lot of freedom in how he wants to attack , thomas has very very little freedom . 
  maybe i played in more european servers then , because i heard about it constantly . 
  i know quite a lot about soccer actually . 
  if you think they are similar , i 'm afraid you do n't know a lot about american football . 
  does n't that also happen with the world cup ? 
  it 's because they the most expensive commercials . 
  it has nothing to do with money , it 's about how the game is played . 
  you really think the same applies to soccer ? 
  there are not a lot of sports were runs are planned out like american football . 
  which other sports are as meticulously calculated and planned ? 
  is the same way some americans think about soccer . 
  their sport is the best , other sports suck . 
  quite silly if you ask me . 
  chess is not like chess , chess is chess . 
  you know how comparisons work right ? 
  if there ever was a sport like chess , it would be football . 
  american football is a great game . 
  they took the survey last year ... 
  what 's wrong with holland ? 
  the sun is not bad i guess . 
  balin ? 
  so uhh ... are there uhh ... pictures of her in uniform ? 
  yes , considering that . 
  of course .
