  makes sense to me . 
  did you also read that in the telegraph ? 
  here 's a guardian article : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/20/cinnamon-intake-food-argument-denmark  but scientists have now discovered that too much of the most commonly used type of cinnamon , cassia , can cause liver damage thanks to high levels of coumarin , a natural ingredient found in the spice . 
  experts now recommend a tolerable daily intake ( tdi ) of 0.1 mg of coumarin per kg of body weight per day . 
   as a result , the eu has laid down guidelines for the maximum content of coumarin in foodstuffs -- 50mg per kg of dough in traditional or seasonal foods that are only consumed occasionally , and 15mg per kg of dough in what it terms as everyday fine baked goods . 
   last month , the danish food authority ruled that the nation 's famous cinnamon swirls were neither traditional nor seasonal , thus limiting the quantity of cinnamon that bakers are allowed to use , placing the pastry at risk -- and sparking a national outcry that could be dubbed the great danish bake strop . 
  so eu made a exception for food like the danish pastries , but the danish food authority did n't use it . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i know what you meant . 
  my first thought was n't the act of sex when i saw that question . 
  though i do n't think a 17 year old having sex with a 14 year old should be considered `` rape '' . 
  i agree that it 's not a very relevant question for this sub though . 
  if you immediately think of rape then i guess the question is a bit creepy . 
  what 's creepy about it ? 
  staff ? 
  are you scottish ? 
  i picked britain , their english accents are the most hilarious . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ picked ^ ^ ^ germany ... 
  i can say that i find clowns generally creepy , but i ca n't say someone is creepy because he 's a clown . 
  oh yeah , i did n't upvote any of them ... 
  sorry i misunderstood . 
  how do you teach atheism though ? 
  like teaching to not believe in god ? 
  since when is gibraltarian a race ? 
  serbia is a recognised sovereign state , gibraltar is not . 
  yeah , i do n't support it right now , but in the future they are more than welcome . 
  i picked you because you started the survey . 
  i do n't recognise the others . 
  i assume they mean atheist as in `` not believing in god '' . 
  so if you are indifferent you still fall in that category . 
  kind of depends on how you define `` atheist '' . 
   southern europe is basically a bunch of morons with nothing but demeaning where did you read this ? 
  really ? 
  how is portugal , spain and italy `` all negative '' ? 
  did you even read them ? 
  you mean from my country right ? 
  [ `` de herdertjes lagen bij nachte '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wztopt7fph0 ), 
  i never said it was a good thing . 
  all i said was that it reduces prostitution . 
  it 's funny how the dutch stereotype of guys not paying for a date is seen as greedy , while in reality it is the lack of greed from the women . 
  i 'm pretty sure pink reduces prostitution a whole lot . 
  is some case you will win if the opposition does n't show . 
  do n't know if that 's the case with all courts in the us though . 
  it does for them northern folk . 
  [ one of my favorites on the left ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8fnwb4b.jpg ), 
  that must smell ... 
  heroes ( the series ), 
  obviously they are different , but the differences have nothing to do with issue that we are discussing . 
  we are talking about looking at a war in a nationalistic frame , our nation vs an other nation . 
  this in not different from viewing a war with `` tribal frame '' , our tribe vs that tribe . 
  oh really . 
  before nationalism people treated each other equally ? 
  there were n't different tribes , communities , clans or cultures ? 
  it 's just an other word for the exact same thing . 
  no they are normally driven immediately to the other country . 
  i mean even if you know the car is in tajikistan , you 're not going to go there to collect your stolen car . 
  nobody does though . 
  i agree with you that if you want a better historical understanding of a war you should let go of the nationalistic frame . 
  however , i do not think you only have to limit yourself to one frame when looking at a war . 
  there is the objective historical understanding of a war and then there is subjective emotional understanding . 
  especially because the war is pretty fresh , historically speaking . 
  op says the tweet of cameron make him sick and that belgium was in the wrong in that war . 
  i ca n't for the life of me understand how people can have such a response . 
  even if you think the war was bullshit , hundreds of thousands of people died because they were protecting their country . 
  remembering them is nothing but respectful . 
  op seems to think that cameron is somehow part of the same `` elites '' as the elites in the war . 
  that it is sick that these elites first force them so fight their useless war and then act like they are heroes who brought freedom . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is the same `` us and them '' thinking that he disagrees with . 
  to historically understand a war you do not only look at which country did what , but that does n't mean you have to use that frame when looking at the people who fought in that war . 
  my grandfather died in indonesia . 
  can i not say that i respect them for fighting for their people and at the same time say that i despise the reason for this fighting ? 
  and then drive to tajikistan ? 
  no is was n't . 
  what ? 
  i 'm sorry , but that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  in what kind of fairy tale world do you ( he ) live in where you reject the nationalistic frame ? 
  and that the only season for war is because the `` elites '' want it ? 
  germany invades your land and the british come in the fight them . 
  are you really going to say `` oh , i do not view the world in a nationalistic frame so i just see `` elites '' using the `` common people '' . 
  everyone was wrong in that war . 
  even us for having a nationalistic frame '' . 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  they would be too late if they were . 
  it 's kind of like `` eui '' in `` fauteuil '' . 
  having the support of all member countries . 
  i obviously agree . 
  some people here are quite uptight when it comes to joking about people who are not white . 
  i still do n't understand how the jokes are racist and not just stereotypical jokes about people from a certain country . 
  i guess they would also think our `` belgians are dumb '' jokes are racist if belgium was a country in africa . 
  99 % of his jokes are about white people . 
  well , we make fun of everyone . 
  what are you doing in zoetermeer ? 
  why should we give them candidate status if we do not want them to join ? 
  except the most important one . 
  if that was the only thing we got out of this , sure . 
  first of all , the eu is not a charity , it is first and foremost an economic union . 
  trade and economic stability should be the main two pillars of the eu . 
  comparing this with the marshall plan is silly to say the least . 
  would the us do the marshall plan if it was n't in their best interest ? 
  they are .
