  i agree , we should . 
  because energy comes mostly from oil . 
  oil is finite . 
  using as little energy as possible is a good thing . 
  because not allowing 5000w vacuum cleaners saves a shit ton on energy . 
  it means that europe has to buy less oil from saudi arabia . 
  seeing that oils is finite , it seems like a pretty good idea to make your energy needs as low as possible . 
  you are not allowed to buy 5000w vacuum cleaners . 
  surely wasting less energy saves money ? 
  wait , how does this waste millions ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  why does he say that sweden stands out ? 
  switzerland and israel have a comparable population but more billionaire per capita . 
  why do n't you just bring you atm card ? 
  any meastro or visa debit card will work . 
  you prefer tails ? 
  unrelevant username . 
  no i 'm pretty sure they are in the german dictionary . 
  if only it was that easy . 
   in 2008 , she went to greece to harvest oranges and gave birth to a girl there . 
  she actually intended to name her stanka , but since nobody at the hospital understood that , she called the baby maria . 
  she said she had no money to acquire papers for the child . 
  one of the women helping with the harvest offered to take care of the child and promised : `` you can pick her up her anytime . '', 
  she never took any money for the girl , says ruseva . 
  she worked for another few days in greece , and then she returned to nikolaevo , she says . 
  yeah , that seems totally reasonable . 
  i wonder how that happens . 
   to make matters worse , the couple have reportedly been collecting child benefits for a total of 14 officially registered children , six of which must have been born within a 10-month period , according to the information that they provided . 
  really ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you have the same y words as we do . 
  i 've never seen a real gi joe , we all had action men, 
  real gi joe ? 
  not action man ? 
  haha , why are you saying ypsilon and not just how you say `` y '' in a regular word ? 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rnpmvgu1mc ), 
  i 'm a bit surprised by the labor party . 
  i guess the pvv stole all their lower educated voters . 
  you would be surprised . 
  trade was our main business and we used the local language to communicate . 
  a citizenship is pretty permanent . 
  the smaller you are , the less influence you have . 
  sure , but so do other eu members . 
  is s/he ? 
  countries do not blindly follow germany . 
  yeah , being one of the most densely populated countries has its drawbacks . 
  that 's what annoys me about this whole discussion . 
  we are racist because we do not link black pete with slavery . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
   makes a car several thousands of euro 's more expensive than any other country in the world . 
  i think denmark would like to have a word with you . 
  i agree with everything you said , but honestly , there are 8 million !, 
  cars in the netherlands . 
  can you imagine how cramped the roads would get if having a car would be cheap ? 
  also , car sales are not low because of bpm , it 's because of the crisis . 
  close enough . 
  apparently yes to `` belief in god '' and no to `` abortion '' . 
  i got norway . 
  the reason i did n't get denmark was because of the `` confidence in armed forces ? '', 
  question . 
  there 's a difference between cooperating with the nsa and being spied on by the nsa . 
  i know right , what was he thinking ? 
  i can only answer that with a mildly racist remark , so i 'll just pass . 
  i disagree . 
  skin color is a pretty easy way to tell if a child is really yours . 
  if you do n't have any children and you are walking around with a different color kid , i would rather have them check it out . 
  you ca n't use being poor as an excuse to sell children . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not saying it 's true , but this surely does n't prove that it is n't . 
  oh her parents only sold the girl and was n't really abducted . 
  that makes me feel much better . 
  what did the racists say ? 
  i missed it . 
  taken or sold ? 
  you can get a very basic oma fiets for $ 100 , but any `` luxury '' bicycle will easily cost $ 1000 . 
  i guess other countries just do n't spend as much on bicycles . 
  damn , great britain . 
  [ what happened to your bicycle production ? 
  ] ( http://issuu.com/coliped/docs/european_bicycle_market___industry_/21?e=1475043/5326982 ), 
  yes , but it does mean that it is less bike friendly . 
  i mostly go to the province of ascoli piceno , so no big cities there . 
  there is one long bike road along the ocean though , but that 's about it . 
  where are you from ? 
  i 've been in italy a lot of times , but i do n't think i 've ever seen a bike lane there . 
  it 's the first time that the planning is punishable . 
  it used to be that only the fighting was illegal . 
  was brussels really the capital of the kingdom or was it the capital of south brabant ? 
  the hague if we start from the republic . 
  maybe they counted the spanish netherlands as being the original netherlands ? 
  brussels was the capital at that time . 
  they switched the government between brussels and the hague every year . 
  i do n't think they switched capitals every year . 
  when was brussels ever capital of the kingdom ? 
  i thought they were only the capital of south brabant , not the whole kingdom . 
  i 'm 99 % i 've heard it in church . 
  maybe some regional variation of `` dienaar '' . 
  i know what you said and i said that what seems like racism to an outsider is not racism . 
  but general racism is not comparable with zwarte piet at all . 
  what american racist traditions are we talking about here ? 
  which excuses are exactly the same as american racists used ?
