  disclaimer : i only drink the mass produced beers . 
  oh man , the brein lawyer sound like a complete dumbass . 
  hope the judge sees the light in this case . 
  does a morning after pill count as an abortion in soms countries ? 
  that does n't mean there were more dutch than german people . 
  i think there were more germans than dutch people there at the time . 
  four dutch universities are doing the same . 
  i think it 's a global thing . 
  pretty awesome if you ask me . 
  is n't golden downer filled with random neonazis ? 
  not more than the other colors . 
  also seeing that there are a lot of 50 % colors i doubt they were all around the + -30 % range . 
  your title is just as much bs . 
  we were invaded in wwi ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  crossposting is not a bad thing . 
   ( about the size of russia )  the people speak dutch . 
  do you need a hint ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  have fun !, 
  your username combined with that comment is a bit sad . 
  it 's even a public pitch . 
  they do n't need to pay a cent . 
  oh i 'm not denying it is racism . 
  maybe just a tiny bit less unfounded . 
  that pass is more expensive than the three country pass . 
  do n't the roma fall in a special section or something ? 
  which is mildly racist ... 
  it is mildly racist because it implies that it 's a bad thing . 
  white anglo-saxon protestant ? 
  except for the mildly racist part . 
  if you go by / new it will stop at 1 month . 
  they are not gone though , you can search for them or see them at / top . 
  i would take the 5 days package . 
  flights are pretty expensive and traveling by train is a lot more fun in my opinion . 
  what ? 
   prouder history , with a bigger heart , with a greater resilience . 
  said every pm ever . 
  am i missing something ? 
  [ it says it 's $ 353 . 
  this is the best thing ever . 
  that slow messi looking dude . 
  edit : [ jacques brel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za_6a0xnmyw ), 
  [ andre hazes - bloed , zweet en tranen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5levqek_3ws ) nobody mention volendam dammit !, 
  i only know this from the game rome total war , where you can play as the macedonians . 
  macedonia used to be a roman province which included parts of greece , bulgaria and the republic of macedonia . 
  greece still calls that part macedonia i think . 
  that 's all i know apart from being a former part of yugoslavia of course . 
  but having the ability to buy some premium services does n't necessarily mean that they slow down the services if you do n't pay . 
  you can still use the services with your base contract . 
  so everyone gets 1 mb/s and if you want bigger bandwidth or whatever for youtube you can pay extra ? 
  they are not blocking off content , they are offering `` premium service '' for certain content . 
  not that i see it happening , but is that what you mean ? 
  so ... the providers have to sell their services at lets say 1 mb/s to all users ( net neutrality ) and are allowed to ask a higher price for 8 mb/s ? 
  is that the `` kill net neutrality '' you are talking about ? 
  did you even read the captions ? 
  the headline does n't say that , read it again . 
  i do n't necessarily endorse that part , i was mainly referring to the same tax rates for all eu part . 
  if those countries wanted to though , could n't they tax those companies before the money entered the netherlands ? 
  the netherlands has different tax rates because we are a trading nation and have good relations with other countries . 
  surely you do n't expect us to have the same treaties as bulgaria ( no offence ) . 
  maybe spain should do something about taxing that facturation ? 
  are you really expecting that it is illegal what they are doing ? 
  no , but life did go on for most people . 
  and that 's what these pictures show . 
  it 's not something i concluded from these pictures . 
  surely you did n't think i meant that everything was fine and dandy during the occupation . 
  however , between 1941 and 1944 life did just go on for the majority of the people . 
  people went back to work , back to school etc etc. 
  i doubt they could use it for that . 
  netflix could surely sue for unfair competition . 
  it 's not possible to end poverty . 
  but is prioritisation really that bad ? 
  it 's not like it will disconnect for people without priority . 
  just lower bandwith or something i assume . 
  yeah i wonder though if the connotation to that flag is n't worse now that it was at the time . 
  suriname should be dutch , not spanish . 
  maybe i 'm reading this wrong , but has n't prioritisation always been allowed ? 
  the only thing that changes is the roaming costs . 
  i do n't really understand the negativity . 
  showing only the good side of the occupation can be seen as propaganda . 
  why do you guys care that it 's from daily mail ? 
  i think they are awesome pictures . 
  it shows that for the majority of the people life just went on . 
  i especialy like the german kino . 
  if only hitler went there . 
  surely you implied the spanish government . 
  color experts ? 
  that is not surprising . 
  the norm is set at the maximum that is measured in europe . 
  and as you can see from the map , we are at the max . 
  i would have to check that , but i 'm pretty certain that 's not the case . 
  i think the polution is n't as bad as it looks in this map . 
  it might as well be a 0.001 % difference . 
  you have to understand that they use a scale to see the differences . 
  it 's not blue = good red = bad , it 's red is less good than blue . 
  red can still be very healthy . 
  i do n't know what the exact differences are , but red can be 0,0004 % worse or 40 % and you would n't see that on this map . 
  iirc our health is comparable to scandinavian countries . 
  having 15 million cars in such a small country probably also helps .
