til http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism , 
  looked it up and it 's 120 per kid here and that assumes you pitch in a few day . 
  but 95 % of the kids stay so the cost is spread . 
  yeah , agree 270 seems like a lot . 
  ( but i have no idea if it 's an apple to apple comparison . ), 
  maybe the big difference is that the parents association here self organizes it and in belgium they just outsourced the whole thing to a company . 
  holland is the same for the lower grades . 
  the default is ( was ) the kids go home for lunch and over time there were more families with 2 working parents . 
  they paid extra to help watch the kids who stayed at school ( and they are supposed to help be a lunch time monitor once or twice a year ), 
  `` bum fucking egypt '' is how i 've heard it . 
  i used this for the 1st time last week on the train for a round trip between schiphol and leiden . 
  problem one , it 's to damn easy to leave the train in schiphol and forget to check out ( and therefore get charged a penalty . ), 
  luckily , i remembered while waiting for the bus and went back . 
  # 2 , it 's a good bit of money and you do n't rely know if it 's being accurately debited . 
  ( i recall reading that some news paper reports did some analysis saying that this is the case and to the detriment of the public ) # 3 the sensors break and it 's not that obvious . 
  i use the ov card rarely enough that i pay extra attention but i think if i did n't i 'd miss it . 
  # 4 for the casual user nonitntuatuve and for visitors it 's totally nonitntuatuve . 
  quickly walking through schiphol i overhead lots of people trying to figure it out . 
  ( i guess in summary , it might be ok for very regular users but hard for everyone else which j think will lead to decreased use . ), 
  the quote that made me think it would be interesting to share here :  `` the rich world is rich , but the governments of the rich world are poor . 
  europe is the most extreme case : it has both the highest level of private wealth in the world and the greatest difficulty in resolving its public debt crisis -- a strange paradox . '', 
  thanks !, 
  never thought of looking there . 
  i 'll have to check out my local turkish store but the genco in oud zuid is n't to out of the way . 
  actually , it seems to depend on the municipality . 
  some ( mine ) do n't give you anything . 
  welfare and unemployment are two different things . 
  with every paycheck , you pay into the unemployment and build up time on it . 
  when you get fired , they give you money based on that . 
  eventually , you run out of unemployment benefits and then you are on welfare . 
  that 's what this line in the article is trying to highlight . 
  `` welfare is paid to people who do not , or no longer , qualify for unemployment ( ww ) or incapacity ( wao ) benefits . '', 
  to get the citizenship you have to take a few tests ( which include some conversation ) at at the a2 level . 
  i sort of agree but you can easily live somewhere and still not fit it . 
  my favorite `` dutch '' food in holland is actually indonesian . 
  specifically the sate . 
  ( i guess this is the same as saying that i love to get indian any time i goto england . ), 
  yes !, 
  when i drive to back to holland from italy , i bring back huge bags of risotto rice . 
  we make it all the time ... which would be a bit expensive if i only bought the rice here . 
  i was confused about this for years whenever i went to an italian restaurant ( outside of italy of course ) . 
  where they hell do they get off calling this creamy stuff carbonara ? 
  and what worse , is this is carbonara to most non-italians . 
  there 's got ta be a term for that . 
  you could make the same argument for the headline that the nytimes editor gave the article . 
  the article talks about southern italy in general , giving examples from many areas and yet the title specifically mentions naples . 
  maybe they just did n't see it . 
  link to previous . 
  i do n't think that 's the authors main point . 
  ( that there 's nothing to see in the south ) . 
  he is saying the opposite . 
  his main point , i think , is that there is lots to see but the `` typical '' fucked up ness of italy 's central and southern ( local ) governments is n't marketing/facilitating tourists . 
  the local northern governments do that themselves and hence the majority of tourists go there . 
  in summary . 
  1 ) the government is fucking up a potential good thing . 
  2 ) come see southern italy . 
  ( i flew to sicily and drove around staying at b & bs for a week . 
  it was pretty awesome . 
  i second suggesting people visit . ), 
  amsterdam is nice . 
  this always makes me laugh . 
  i have a hard time getting used to it . 
  i do n't know what but it seems that the problem is mafia corrupting in hand with local politicians ... so something that makes it hard to keep that hidden . 
  it 's just frustrating that this is nothing new yet rarely talked about . 
  this movie was so enlightening ( in a bad way . ), 
  i read the book it was based on and it was even more depressing . 
  i honestly have a hard time wrapping my head around how this situation exists without it being actively pursued by the eu . 
  ( btw , the book is referenced in the article . ), 
  i 'd suggest reading this book . 
  [ gomorrah by roberto saviano ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gomorrah_ ( book \\ ) ), 
  was that chick falling intentional ? 
  did a duck just land on her shoulders ? 
  someone brought a puppy from a moroccan vacation and then traveled around nl visiting family and friends and infecting them . 
  ( my partner is a vet , it was big news ), 
  or maybe its because you have to register to read the article . 
  wow , i would never have guessed as the quality and feel between tj and aldi are do different . 
  lots of the tj stuff is tj branded and lots of it is really good/different . 
  the only time i really goto aldi ( in nl ) is when the have cheap tools on sale ... ) http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/aldi explains a bit . 
  yeah , hot sauce here sucks . 
  are you saying aldi and trader joes are the same ? 
  everything from trader joes, 
  i think , usually , if your sell your ( main ) residence and then buy another ( main ) residence with the profits within a certain amount of time then the profit is n't taxed . 
  seems fair to me . 
  you do n't want to discourage people from moving ( for example , if they need to move to get another job its bad to tie them down to where they live . 
  i think that a story about one ( 1 ) person can be indicative of what 's going on around him . 
  obviously there 's more than just this going on . 
  pri is , in my opinion , pretty balanced in the way they report and at the end of the program they highlighted counterpoints . 
  i forget who said it ( in the article ) but it was mentioned that people in greece are looking for someone to blame and that this guy fits the bill in a lot of ways . 
  do you think he intentionally inflated the numbers ? 
  it was greyed out on the phone app i read it on . 
  chill , i did n't write the article . 
  i just tried to summarize based on the piece . 
  there 's definitely lots of nuance i left out ... the piece is 20 some minutes long and sorta tries to talk to both sides . 
  would definitely be interested to hear more from . 
  properly getting rid of industrial waste is expensive because you actually have to do something so that it does n't damage the environment . 
  the mafia shows up and says , `` we are legit and we 'll get rid of your waste for less than that other guy '' . 
  they get paid and take the waste . 
  then they just find a hole and dump it . 
  bad things then leak into the environment . 
  this [ book ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gomorrah_ ( book \\ ) ) gives a good primer,
