  time to make a kickstarter ... 
  i 'm grabbing my accordion , time for some removal . 
  kek, 
  so you 've come all the way from podgorica ? 
  whoa , i might have been a little too aggressive when i called them lunatics , sorry . 
  i see that they are just ignorant . 
  my bad . 
  no , those are just his lips ... 
  we should totally get rid of him together and we can be friends !, 
  in a comment above , you clearly said serbia should n't be blamed for srebrenica , why the change of heart ? 
  and you have to remember that nationalists are a vocal minority , so you might think that nearly all of us are insane - we 're not . 
  i do n't really care about rs , but damn , kosovo is tough . 
  i guess we 'll have to accept our fate . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  i 'm all for stoning him , but ` allahu ackbar ' is a bit tasteless . 
  well , france and germany did hit it off very quickly after ww2 , wish we could do the same . 
  so , he 's in belgrade . 
  most of us do n't support war crimes , no . 
  sorry you 're related to lunatics . 
  i 'm fine with wikipedia , bro , it 's fine . 
  however , as / u/sljpi said , the hague found serbia innocent of genocide - the same tribunal that ruled oluja legitimate . 
  they are the standard for what counted as a crime in yugoslavia , and what did n't . 
  croatia and serbia have been pronounced innocent , so holding serbia accountable for what we are discussing is wrong in the eyes of international law . 
  in the end , shit happened . 
  milosevic has been disposed . 
  we have changed . 
  nothing that happened during the bosnian war should or can stop serbia from eu integration . 
  there are serbs in bosnia and herzegovina , which as i recall , is not in the republic of serbia . 
  i clearly stated that there were volunteers from serbia , but that most of the fighting was done by serbs from bosnia . 
  should i blame you and your family for the kla ? 
  or bangladesh ? 
  my nationality has nothing to do with this . 
  it seems like people only have two options - either ` dindu nuffin ' or ` serbs are satan + hitler + sadam + stalin and then hitler * again * ' . 
  i condemn the act but jesus christ , i do n't remember 7 million people gathering in srebrenica to kill innocents !, 
  and as / u/jeroenemans said , you 're german . 
  you should know best that not every german participated in the holocaust - a crime much more massive than this one . 
  people who did n't kill , did n't kill - simple as that . 
  bonus points - my mother 's family is german . 
   i just do n't agree with showing videos of it a video shows the action , a picture just shows the result . 
  video is superior in this way . 
  i do n't get why you do n't like videos , it 's such a strange thing to say . 
  i would n't blame serbia for this , though . 
  these crimes were committed by bosnian serbs , and volunteers from serbia . 
  granted , the only reason the rest of serbia did n't partake are sanctions , but it still did n't . 
  not only are most people innocent , most of the ones who are n't were n't from what is today serbia . 
  there are deniers and apologists , but we cringe and judge them when they support these crimes . 
  for over a decade , the majority vote has been given to parties that are very pro-eu , and that oppose the genocide . 
  implying people do n't care at all just because they live a normal life is kinda stupid , though . 
  i care about jasenovac and have strong feelings about it , but i do n't cry all day . 
  well , it is relevant to recent events , it is n't really graphic , and it is clearly labeled as nsfl , so i do n't see the problem . 
  i 'm working on it , man !, 
  nobody cares about morals . 
  ah yes , the importance of morals in international politics . 
  you * might * be exaggerating the public support for putin . 
  it may seem like it , but only because people who like him are much more vocal . 
  nationalists tend to be that way . 
  this is true for the anti-nato sentiment as well , but i think even pro-eu people tend to dislike it because of the 1999 bombings , which i think is a fair reason not to be pro-nato . 
  do you honestly think that it would be a ) beneficial to serbia to condemn russia 's actions and b ) actually important to russia ? 
  take a look at these two countries and tell me - which one do you think is more powerful ? 
  which do you think would be more capable of negatively , or positively , influencing the other ? 
  while i do agree that all ex-yugo people tend to be dishonest about their crimes , how do you propose it had * anything * to do with russia ? 
  as far as i know , serbia is n't invading any neighboring countries at the moment , and as far as i know , the official policy has been , for over a decade , very pro-eu . 
  i bet they will conquer other planets and rename them because roman gods are haram . 
  hahaha wow . 
  russia , china and india . 
  these guys are out of their minds . 
  i just knew it was gon na be serbia ... 
  i wonder who , though ... 
  uhm , do you not have eyes ? 
  as soon as possible . 
  but the name sucks , just keep it as it is . 
  it was a prank, 
  the contradictions and doublethink are strong with these ones . 
  ^ ^ ^ gib ^ ^ ^ consantinopole ^ ^ ^ back ^ ^ ^ doe, 
  hey , i do n't * want * to , but a man 's got ta do what a man 's got ta do ... 
  we love you , mirko . 
  never change . 
  * sigh * not all of us want to remove kebab . 
  i 'd tap that romania ass for the temisoara, 
  ouch . 
  see my flair ? 
  i 've heard these people speak . 
  in real life . 
  i * know * they are stupid . 
  somehow i hate him more for this than displaying a nazi flag . 
  i 'd personally make him eat his own lungs . 
  stupid people do n't need money to be stupid . 
  `` the art of war is of vital importance to the state . 
  it is a matter of life and death , a road either to safety or to ruin . 
  hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected . '' -- sun tzu , the art of war, 
  dae serbs were literally hitler and everyone else was perfectly innocent and serbia is minirussia waiting for their chance to sodomize babies kosovo is n't srbija dae dae, 
  well , he still was responsible ( although other ` allies ' were enablers as well ) for a socialist regime , which is why i am not a fan despite the fact serbs were n't directly oppressed by him . 
  i agree with nearly everything you said , but arguing that the kla should be respected because some albanians do is n't particularly valid . 
  they were terrorists fighting a dictator - milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  nobody was in the right . 
   i would not focus on what happened there , because blaming albanian people now you did exactly what i predicted people would do . 
  ` isolated incident ' , ` not all x are like that ' , ` it happens all the time ' ... 
  i know . 
  but , this is * video-fucking-evidence * of an incident that i do have a reason to be angry about , and blame a * couple * of albanians , and the vast number of people in the international community , such as yourself , who would rather have us sit with our thumbs up our asses and ignore videos such as these . 
  fuck that .
