i would n't mind that . 
  for the record , i do n't hate anyone but i am sort of offended by this . 
  the ottomans practiced something called '' tax in blood '' . 
  very young boys were taken from non-turk , non-muslim families and practically brainwashed into forgetting their origin and being an elite army for the sultan - jannisaries . 
  asides from that , it was n't uncommon for soldiers to rape and murder without consequences . 
  on multiple occasions , churches were destroyed and people forced or pressured into converting to islam . 
  sure , the ottoman empire was no third reich , but i am tired of it being represented as this theme park fun land by western media . 
  i doubt it . 
  we 're nice to them , but they have no opportunities here . 
  we can barely get jobs ourselves . 
  i have no idea what we are doing better than the westerners , but i 'm very proud of our relationship with the refugees . 
  actually , yelling is disturbing public order in serbia . 
  so , while they might not have had the right to commit assault , the law shares their annoyance , and they should expect some decency from us . 
  i often criticize refugee behavior and am anti-immigration , by the way . 
  but , serbs have a tradition of hospitality . 
  these people have already arrived , so it is our job to take care of them . 
  food , clothes , and of course - peace and quiet when they want to sleep . 
  on vacation , amirite ? 
  unfortunately , that is how a lot of people think . 
  i , myself , do n't think this way . 
  however , ignoring these opinions , both the extremist muslims and extremist nationalists , is downright stupid and idealistic . 
  reality is n't a nice place all the time , but we have to deal with it , or we die . 
  something something russia serbia brothers something something, 
  hungarians are much more similar to the local population of the countries they were sent to than syrians are today . 
  it would have been just as bad an idea to send hungarians to syria as it is to have syrians in hungary . 
  in that case , what is ` okay ' would have been the opposite - because such vast differences between populations ( not just skin color , which is the least important ) do n't tend to work out in the modern world . 
  edit : they were taken in by some african and south american countries , which might not have been ideal . 
  other than that , the countries they went to are a perfectly suitable choice . 
  yes , and they kill them humanely , and they do not endanger their population . 
  their haggis must taste of hypocrisy . 
  as far as i know , they had to accept ukrainian citizenship . 
  i have , and they did take foreigners prior to the minks agreements . 
  they no longer do , and all the foreigners that had joined it already needed to either leave , or take ukrainian citizenship . 
  it is off-limits as far as i am aware . 
  well , you need ukrainian citizenship . 
  how easily you can get it , i do n't know . 
  i hope that they follow the secular route like bosnians and albanians have . 
  a shame foreign nationals ca n't fight in the ukraine war because of the minsk agreements . 
  edit : on ukraine 's side , that is . 
  this is just one instance . 
  besides , who throws the first punch is irrelevant . 
  we know there will be a fight , it 's common sense . 
  the only way to stop it is to stop mass immigration . 
  hard to have values in the grave , my man . 
  the first generation is usually not problematic and is actually quite nice , but not everyone is a chip off the old block . 
  world policing always works in our favor , right ? 
  it 's good to finally find another like-minded moderate in this thread . 
  there are too many generalizations , and everyone just assumes that saying ` this was to be expected ' means ` this was the immigrants ' fault ' . 
  it is the fault of the arsonists and the fault of policy makers who paved the way for it . 
  last time i checked killing people and not allowing them into your home is n't the same . 
  it is n't our responsibility to risk our safety for others , but it is our responsibility not to kill people . 
  both are a reaction to an outside group that is viewed in a hostile manner . 
  immigration * is * to blame , even if europeans were the ones fleeing to the middle east . 
  put two people who hate each other in a room and they will fight . 
  except these immigrants chose to come to europe , and their presence has n't had many positive effects . 
  radical opposition to mass immigration is to be expected anywhere on earth , no matter who is migrating where . 
  is arson the right answer ? 
  but allowing more immigrants to settle is n't , either . 
  i 'm surprised that you , as someone with a germany flair , think that nazis are an issue in germany . 
  they are clearly just a very vocal minority . 
  i do n't support those actions , i just support the end to mass immigration . 
  no holocaust required . 
  the holocaust was caused by prejudice and hatred . 
  the aversion to mass illegal immigration is n't either - it 's common sense . 
  that 's because you are near the sweden level of self-loathing . 
  ever heard of the kingdom of prussia ? 
  who are you calling anfry you fucking kraut ? 11 ?? 
  you ca n't have a war if only two or three people want it . 
  they used an opportunity , they did n't create one . 
  it 's not that simple to start such a war . 
  but , if it helps you sleep at night , keep believing the opposite . 
  i agree with you , though i 'd be slightly less optimistic about our current state of affairs . 
  either way , democracy is the way to go . 
  the rise of nationalism only goes to show that people did n't feel the brotherhood and unity that you seem to believe * everyone * loved . 
  relying on one man to keep a country stable is idiocy - the person will eventually die , and things will go to shit . 
  it was like fixing a sinking ship with a band aid instead of abandoning it . 
  we all drowned because we hoped it would last forever . 
  i 'd say you missed the point , but that would be giving you too much credit . 
  edit : also , [ this . ], 
  ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/rudolfsgnad.jpg ), 
  it was a dictatorship , you said it yourself - a one party state , ruled by one man . 
  you can like him or hate him , it does n't change the fact that he was a dictator . 
  many people like fidel castro , but that does n't mean that he is n't one , either . 
  i could never call a socialist movement responsible for a dictatorship heroic . 
  the last person that was absolutely right about anything , in my opinion , is pavle kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107 . 
  we can all hitler salute and burn each other 's flags * together * !, 
  moscow . 
  bring lots of ammo !, 
  but the azov guys have ustashe within their ranks , how could i possibly feel at home in this right wing paramilitary organization ? 
  everything else is perfect !, 
  in case it 's necessary - / s. 
  interesting - in serbia we have a clear distinction between : pisana - written ( letters ) aka cursive \u0161tampana - printed ( letters ) aka print i really , really hope we never give up cursive for as long as we use paper - it 's just much easier and faster . 
  i 'd center the coa and maybe ditch the eagle and keep the ocila . 
  much simpler and badass . 
  edit : something like this https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/flag_of_serbia_ ( alternative ) . svg, 
  jokes on you , bia serves the austro-hungarian eu nato american reptile illuminati gmo government , they love me . 
  too bad the author was a nazi , but it 's all in good fun , right ? 
  i * might * have visited the building he stayed at in belgrade ... and i * might * have rare , old books in german just about him ... 
  ah as a whole is pretty awesome . 
  prinz eugen marsch radetzky march kepi blanc ( essentially panzerlied , but whatever ) mar\u0161irala kralja petra garda , of course !,
