sick flow ititsi !, 
  tough not even a single rhyme ... 
  factbot : throw us a rap song about europe facts !, 
  hey , at least we are good in alcohol tasting , 
  explains why viru gates has so many flower sellers !, 
  google `` polish lessons whit life is boris '' or sth similar . 
  basically polish looks like random combimation of random letters which are not vovels , and polish words have a lot of z letters . 
  not polish enough , needs z instead of a, 
  maybe he was considering which dlc packs he would buy . 
  war , war never changes, 
  i imagined latvians creating new temp lane at the side of the road for trucks to overtake them, 
  can besti join too ? 
  or are you also bigoted ? 
  because it flys on power of mother russia ? 
  when you need something that shouldnt work , but somehow does . 
  ex cccp/russia is where you should let it designed ... that plane on good weather condition can fly at 40 km/h ... and on really good ones it can pretty much hover in a place or even fly backwards when its controlled by a really good pilot ... 
  this one stalls when speed is below 40 , while small cessna ( really small compared to it ) stalls below 80 km/h ... 
  meanwhile estonian airforce : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_air_force, 
  they still cant beat our 2 an2 's [ they are so fast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdiddu-19di ) !, 
  that you can essentially fire from it like you are in a helicopyer, 
  so for japan to enter eurovision , they should let europe to invade them ? 
  all you need is a tsunami ( to damage cooling systems , like hiroshima ) or idiot `` overclocking '' the reactor ( chernobyl ) . 
  you can always build a wider one . 
  tough based on my ksp knowledge it would need more stages for equal delta-v / s, 
  til that macedonia is in europe next to greece ... for some time now i tought it was somewhere in asia ... 
  raindeer sausages whit cheese is my favorite sausage type, 
  yeah , and they/we even have wife carring championships where there are different tehniques ( eg estonian way ) and winner gets booze/per wife weight ratio.just normal sports in ne europe . 
  depends from the type of sauna . 
  eg egyptian 50 \u00b0 saunas are too cold to be in for more than a minute or two , while 100 \u00b0 sauna is slightly better . 
  cause that 's how you torture finns and balts ... 
  imagine having dragged onto stage of 2000 people for a random speech , that 's how talking whit strangers feels to us, 
   bottle of vodka 2 truckloads of vodka, 
  either finland ( whit our alcohol prices/system ) or latvia, 
  its natives who do those crimes , our lord and savior black ( black as near iraq ) people dont commit any kind of crimes !, 
  in estonia : kv.ee and http://www.city24.ee/, 
  can esti take swedens place and become/join nordic ? 
  i would prefer it to be turned into some kind of museum , but i dont support its demolition, 
  i am local ( i live outside of tallinn ) and for me snowy old town beats other seasons, 
  i walk past it almost weekly  its on voorimehe street , and the street enterance is next to that italian pizza place in old town center . 
  might be estonians who would build it  [ estonian sauna in camp bastion ] ( https://ukforcesafghanistan.wordpress.com/2011/04/06/estonian-troops-dont-quit-the-sauna-even-in-helmand/ ), 
  estonia has 3 lions , nordic confirmed , 
  what does anal probe does/gives to subject ? 
  50-couple hundred years of misery, 
  someone should link `` leto svet '' eurovision song, 
  whats your job ? 
  maybe office w\u00f6rk lifestream ? 
  arma2 ? 
  or stalker misery mod . 
  they are closest fps ` es you can play , imagine its the fall of soviet union while you play arma 2, 
  every time when my family takes a trip to latvia ( like every 2-3 years ) , on the road there talking themes goes to saldejums and 6 toe jokes . 
  its a word pretty much every estonian knows . 
  only 2 other words i know are iela = street and piena = milk ? 
  puff puff pass, 
  its also legal in estonia and it is really common here ... its 100 % legal to import it from sweden , but here its only allowed for personal use , but practically in every class ( atleast in my it profession school in capital ) there is atleast one snus dealer ... somewhere like 20-35 % of my class did that shit ... 
  i expexted something like a tent/overall burga/hijab/middle eastern clothes whit a coal furnace for heat source ... gon na add a tablet mount/solar charger/battery bank onto it and call it e-portable e-sauns !, 
  now i got business idea ... portable clothing saunas !, 
  we already have mobile vehicle based saunas like tru nordics have !, 
  there should be a show of northern european people competing/living whit southern european/indian people !, 
  and is a decent at protecting himself whit a 2x4 boards , cause a hedgedog gave him a tip how to position them so they dont break . 
  linn translates to city/town in estonia , so helllinn sounds like hell city/town, 
  we have cheaper alcohol , thats better than a useless mountain , right ? 
  pls give us that mountain so we would have one ... 
   lindan\u00e4s still would be better than under sweden nowadays . 
  last time i had to bring my own lunch was in first grade , and only because our cafeteeria was under renovation . 
  and last time i checked i studied near ( < 50 km ) from tallinn , which as far as i know hase n't been a part of sweden since great northern war . 
  estonia had its first school shooting a year or two ago ( 15yo kid took his father revolver ) , i know populatiin difference is massive but still ... 
  can estonia bring its 2 an-2 's , they can sort of [ work as helicopters ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdiddu-19di ), 
  someone should let xzibit to pimp those rides !, 
  citing wikipedia :  on 7 november 2015 the european commission ruled that the government funding given to the company had been in breach of the european union regulations and must be paid back . 
  estonian air , not having such funds , ceased all its operations the next day and immediately entered the process of liquidation . 
  [ 3 ] a new state-owned airline , nordica , entered operations the same day . 
  eu business economics conpetition something laws happened . 
  apparently our country supported too much of our national airline and closed it down, 
  lets join together and create finest country  lets turn nokia to e-kia , 
  i dont remember estonian airlines ( rip , killed by eu economical equality wankers ... ) having many accidents ( aside one helicopter crash in 05 near naissaar ) so we might got that going . 
  you know what helps against heat ? 
  more heat !, 
  basically estonian military unit in war zone ( 100 guys ? 
  until 2014 ( when they left from helmandy ) ) turned an old shipping container into a sauna . 
  supposedly trick is that when you go into 90 \u00b0 c degree sauna for 5 - 10 minutes , then for next 20 minutes 40 \u00b0 c desert temperature feels chilly . 
  makes somewhat sense , its not uncommon here to boil in 90 or 100 \u00b0 c sauna and then suddenly run out of the door and jump into a lake/pile of snow ... source : https://ukforcesafghanistan.wordpress.com/2011/04/06/estonian-troops-dont-quit-the-sauna-even-in-helmand/, 
  its quite comftorable , only thing that burns is your face , also nose if you attempt to breath trough your nose . 
  lets hope ww3 dose n't happen in next 50 years and russia wont invade us again ... 
  you have been banned from r/russia / s xd, 
  my so lives there , havent visited switzerland yet ( too expensive ) unlike most of the europe where your health insurance/social task goes off your salary automatically ( neto vs bruto salary ) , you have to pay ca 1000 euros every month for health insurance and you cant legally opt out of it ... public transport is full , unlike in here eastern europe where 50 % of the time everyone gets a seat , either next to another passenger or another free seat for bags . 
  its not uncommon for work to start at 7-8 , meanwhile here its normal for work to start 9 to 5 ... 
  tons of immigrants , both european and outside of europe . 
  switzerland is divided into 3 major regions , atleast language wise : german , french and italian + some minor roman language region also ) tough the good thing is that you can get a pretty decent salary ( around like 4500 euros , which my so gets while working in a disesel engine factory as a junior assembler/quality control ) thats all for now edit : also fucked up goverment system , whit all realistic power in 7 kings/queens hand ( eg there is a economy king/queen , a military one , etc. ... ) also major producers of luxury clothing/watches/items produces swiss knives , which is like as good for survival as a ak rifle or firestone rod thingy . 
  also no sea ... 1/10 for me ... i need sea to live ... 
  wan na work towards becoming finest ? 
  what about portugal getting into nordic ? 
  actually seatbelts can snap your neck in a car crash , but its more likely to happen whit cars that have safety cage built into it ( like whole interior is full of metal pipes ) or during really fast crashes . 
  basically sit down , and move your torso fairly fast forward ( make sure you dont hit your head somewhere . 
  if you relax your head muscles , do you notice how your head tilts forward after you stop accelerating your torso ? 
  basically imagine it happen in a 100 + km car crash and you have seatbelts on , if the car lacks crumple zones at that speed ( like engine bay crushing together ) , the stopping momentum/power will be faster , and cause you use seatbelts that means that seatbelt safety mechanism starts and stops seatbelt from moving forward . 
  when the force is long enough , it can basically snap your neck , or part of some neck bone , causing fast unstoppable death . 
  in 1980s a man created a hans device , cause some of his race car driving friends had passed away due to the neck snapping . 
  hans device looks essentially like a toilet seat put around your neck . 
  same whit estonia ... like 75 % have no religion or are atheists here ... 
  what does it stand for ?
