  the impact of the job reforms are yet to show in the numbers . 
  but hey let 's be positive for a change !, 
  so non-italian ships wo n't rescue migrants ? 
  i think that 's a crime , is n't it ? 
  more likely they stop patrolling the seas , which means they will abandon the operation triton , which in turn would be a bad sign for the overall union . 
  no matter how you look at this , it sucks for the eu which is held hostage by few ignorant morons nurtured by scumbag populist politicians . 
  i seem to recall that romani people are not originally gypsies , meaning that originally they were n't a nomadic culture . 
  i 'm sure your anectodical evidence is superior to any kind of polls/survey we 're going to read on the topic . 
  unfavourable view and anti-minority sentiment are not exactly the same thing . 
  it would be interesting to know how the questions were asked in the different languages . 
  i do n't have an anti-minority sentiment of muslims and jews but i do n't have a favorable view either because you know all religions are bullshit in my view . 
  so i guess you could say i have an unfavourable view of jews and muslims . 
  being watching too much game of thrones this one, 
  i 'm not questioning the effectiveness of the fed . 
  the problem with the fed is that the american system does not insulate monetary decisions from the political cycle . 
  even worse the fed has an unemployment target which should n't be a monetary policy driver because it is already a fiscal policy target . 
  now what happens if the us government and the fed have different unemployment targets , or even worse , dissent on how to hit those targets ? 
  so you see from one side the fed is linked to the political cycle because the president needs to be approved by the congress and on the other side the mandate includes fiscal policies that in most democracies are the exclusive prerogative of the government . 
  it is widely demonstrated that when the government makes the monetary policies disaster usually ensues but also the opposite ( the central bank making fiscal policies ) could be harmful . 
  one last thing : the fed effectiviness in re-starting the job market through qe is impressive . 
  but first we still need to see the long-term effect of its intervention and second it 's a strategy only applicable to the peculiar us economy which is very markets-centered as opposed to europe where the banks have a more crucial role in channelling the monetary policies run by the central bank . 
  the us fed shortcomings have often been linked to the way the president is appointed . 
  it is actually one of the worst central banks from a governance point of view . 
  indeed when they set up the ecb they took the fed governance as the example not to follow . 
  did i just read dick-tatorship ? 
  seriously , draghi 's face is priceless . 
  utterly confused rather than scared at first , almost commiserating after the initial shock . 
  were the targets set in a scenario of continuing economic growth ? 
  because i 'm afraid that europe could meet the target six years in advance only because it lost six year of economic growth . 
  on the other hand , would a sustained recovery reverse the trend ? 
  in this case the trial was for bankruptcy fraud , which is a crime . 
  so indebtness becomes a minor issue when there are criminal charges pending . 
  those seem rather arbitrary . 
  there are like 25 national parks and numerous other protected areas in italy and i see no reason why monte sibilini should make the list and the others should n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure this applies also to the other parks listed here . 
  that being said the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest looks a wild place relatively unknown . 
  i 'll spare you the obvious recent ( mussolini ) and less recent examples ( pick one of the infamous roman emperors ) . 
  i recall from my high school studies that josef radetzky 's rule ( yes , the one of the march ) over northern italy was pretty strict and sometimes cruel . 
  the funny thing is that the english wikipage ...  after his triumph in italy , he was made viceroy of lombardy-venetia from 1848 to 1857 - being the only one not of royal habsburg blood . 
  in spite of his success against italian patriots , even in italy he is not remembered unkindly : he was regarded as a fair ruler ( for an enemy ) and a gentleman who paid his debts . 
  ... and the italian wikipage tell two radically different stories . 
  i 'll stick with the italian version . 
  finally a map where italy is the same color of germany and of course they had to label it ` finland ' . 
  skopje and podgorica are too close to call ( and to click ) ... 
  no more and no less than any other people honestly to believe the contrary is rather racist, 
  anectodical evidence is no evidence at all, 
  italy is representative democracy which means that you elect individual that represent the nations , not your interest . 
  there 's an explicit veto of the imperative mandate for which officials are supposed to act in the interest of their electors . 
  that 's wrong . 
  elected officials should act having the interest of the nation at heart , not their voters/supporters . 
  it 's in the italian constitution . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as that and it probably varies region by region but those are two separate phenomena . 
  one is ruled by fear and/or it 's anti-state the other is ruled by convenience and in a way it 's pro-state because people want their caretaker in a position of power . 
  but in the end to be elected a politician would need both supports . 
  so he/she would need her/his loyal voters base and then seek the support of the local mobsters . 
  photographic evidence or other tricks is used by criminal organisation whether the honor system you describe holds for the so-called * voto di scambio * which means that at local elections elected officials compensate their voters base with favors . 
  so people do n't vote for a party but for their ` caretaker ' . 
  and that goes on a honorary basis . 
  i would agree to that but you could have spared us the southerners discrimination bullshit . 
  it 's not something cultural . 
  it 's just that a lower economic output is correllated with a greater corruption . 
  economic stagnation and corruption reinforce themselves in a vicious cycle . 
  so if you say corruption is more rooted in southern italy , that 's correct but northern italy is catching up rather quickly in the last three decades . 
  if you say that corruption is more rooted in southernes culture that 's plain bullshit . 
  could n't they have just unscrew the carriage wheel on the run ? 
  i mean , they were running in parallel to the carriage the whole time . 
  so they already know all these future children from muslim couples will embrace their religion ? 
  have they never heard of secularisation ? 
  why ? 
  because eclipses freak polar bears out ? 
  anyway they must have changed it since i posted the link . 
  i always click on ` suggest title ' and stick with it in order to avoid being called out for editorialising the title . 
  i guess also this approach has its drawbacks . 
  not my title . 
  it 's the telegraph 's . 
  but it 's not like it 's important * when * the guy was attacked . 
  what about transgender sons ? 
  and germans even less ... good for all of us ... 
  beware of the fijians, 
  chinese tanks are the cheapest . 
  it checks out . 
  it collided with the other helicopter so him stepping away from this helicopter triggered a sequence of events that led to the collision . 
  if he stays on board a different sequence of events is triggered and the collision never takes place . 
  there are rumors that state that bernard left one of the helicopters shortly before take-off because of weight issues . 
  people starting to call him a survivor . 
  the tragic truth is that if he stays on the helicopter , the collision with the other helicopter does not occur . 
  i ca n't imagine the survivor guilt and i hope he does n't come to see it this way , which i 'm afraid it 's the most rational . 
  which is my point . 
  if you speak from a german perspective about a eu problem you 'll always sound arrogant . 
  especially since you claim that the greeks are being arrogant . 
  they are fighting for the survival of their country . 
  germany and the rest of eu are fighting for the stability of the eu . 
  the stakes are different . 
  when the youth unemployment rate is 42.7 % ( 58.5 % if you 're a woman living in the south ) , you do n't have the luxury to regret career choices . 
  the problem is that you 're looking at this as if the germans are the only taxpayers that are required to step in to help our greek friends . 
  that kind of indignation borders on arrogance and hopefully that 's not what german officials bring to the negotiating tables . 
  a friendship that has been rejuvenated by putin 's visits to berlusconi 's luxury mansions where the two bonded over prostitutes . 
  execution is what they 're after . 
  they want to die martyrs , remember ? 
  they need to be compassionate with the non-muslims that are not far right , which luckily is the majority of europeans .
