no i 'm saying that italy is always late in applying * directives * but almost always sees eye-to-eye with the wider eu * policies * and for the greater part support them and make an effort to enforce them . 
  but in italy is always difficult to enforce rules , it 's not a matter of eu rules . 
  italy is very slow in converting european directive into national laws and get regularly fined for that . 
  other than that italy is one of the countries that more strictly follows eu policies . 
  or maybe you are referring to the current bickering on budget policies that followed the sovereign debt headwinds ? 
  in that context italy is getting more riotous ( leveraging on the changed political climate ) but it 's not in breach on any eu legislation at the moment . 
  since that seems indeed very far away ( but also the monetary union seemed very far away after the monetary crisis of 1991-1992 and then everything was said and done by 1998 ) , finding a common framework with members that are not all-in frustrates everyone else . 
  i believe that a member that wants to join only when it benefits from it and then withdraw when something is not clearly beneficial , that member is looking for a partnership , not for a union . 
  lately ?? 
  other ` rebel ' countries such as denmark have retained their monetary sovereignty ( which is only illusory as the krona is de facto pegged to the euro and the ecb ) and claim autonomy from the eu whenever the domestic agenda sees it fit . 
  however , contrary to the uk , those countries have no clear advantage in leaving the eu because they are small and too tied to the rest of continental europe . 
  on the contrary there is a case that can be made for the uk out of the eu . 
  i do n't think it would be the right path for the uk but at least a case can be made . 
  the rest of the members are too tangled and intertwined to leave at this point . 
  which was the purpose of the monetary union , tangling things up so that a fiscal union would emerge sooner or later . 
  i 'm going to say something really simple and disentangled from the current economic situation . 
  if britons are not all-in on the eu for whatever reasons they might have , i 'd like them to leave rather than having them in the eu stopping any process of further integration . 
  i would hold no grudges if that were to happen but i kinda wish the britons would flock back to the union 30 years down the road . 
  i 'm all for prodigal sons endings . 
  once turkey gets rid of erdogan , it would make a lot of sense for the eu and turkey to stay together . 
  maybe not a full membership from the get-go but something more gradual . 
  if you signed a treaty you need to adhere with it . 
  you ca n't stay in for the benefits and then disregard the pars of the treaty you do n't like . 
  it 's either in or out . 
  you do n't want the euro after you signed a treaty that obliges you to enter the eurozone ? 
  then , you 're out of everything !, 
  it benefits no one but treaties are treaties . 
  if you 're in the eu you are also in the monetary union . 
  if you want to stay in the eu for the benefits but want to avoid the monetary union because you think it 's harmful to your national interest you are a parasite member . 
  those countries should be kicked out of the eu then . 
  that 's not italian . 
  that 's sicilianu . 
  much better than italian !, 
  left-leaning ? 
  suspending the law is not left-leaning . 
  how do they plan to save the banks if basically all their assets are shit and ca n't even attack the mortgaged properties ? 
  it 's easy to make the socialist when your european partners are shoring up your banking system for you ... 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a stupid or wrong move . 
  simply pointing out it 's not socialism but rather unlawful appropriation . 
  it 's an italian enclave in switzerland . 
  [ baudolino ( umberto eco , 2000 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baudolino )  the adventures of a young man named baudolino in the known and mythical christian world of the 12th century . 
  basically it 's an historical novel on mushrooms . 
  [ the tartar steppe ( 1940 , dino buzzati ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_tartar_steppe )  the plot of the novel is drogo 's lifelong wait for a great war in which his life and the existence of the fort can prove its usefulness . 
  the human need for giving life meaning and the soldier 's desire for glory are themes in the novel . 
  drogo is posted to the remote outpost overlooking a desolate tartar desert ; he spends his career waiting for the barbarian horde rumored to live beyond the desert kafkian vibes and a saddening feel of displacement [ gomorrah ( 2006 , roberto saviano ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gomorrah_ ( book ) ) it 's not strictly fiction but it 's so unreal that it 's best if you consider it fiction [ if on a winter 's night a traveler ( 1979 , italo calvino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/if_on_a_winter%27s_night_a_traveler )  the narrative , in the form of a frame story , is about the reader trying to read a book called if on a winter 's night a traveler . 
  each chapter is divided into two sections . 
  the first section of each chapter is in second person , and describes the process the reader goes through to attempt to read the next chapter of the book he is reading . 
  the second half is the first part of a new book that the reader ( `` you '' ) finds . 
  the second half is always about something different from the previous ones and the ending is never explained . 
  a clusterfuck masterpiece [ the leopard ( 1954 , giuseppe tomasi di lampedusa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_leopard )  it became the top-selling novel in italian history and is considered one of the most important novels in modern italian literature . 
  in 2012 , the observer named it as one of `` the 10 best historical novels '' my personal favorite, 
  maybe seaside is used as a proxy for lakeside ? 
  yes but this also would not be the case here . 
  greece would probably haircut their debts ( maybe even by 50-70 % depending on how much the drachma would fall ) . 
  mexico and half the rest of latin america in the 80s defaulted and were debt relieved by the imf . 
  well if they do n't merkel is going to grexit them . 
  yes , but what they currently have is better than what they would get out of the ez . 
  if i 'm 50 yrs old now in greece , i 'd prefer that than to live my ` retirement ' poor and miserable . 
  if i 'm a 20yr old greek , i might have a different perspective ... 
  drachma devaluation could lead to some benefits to the trade balance in the medium term ( say 2-3 years after a grexit ) but really it 's the only advantage grexit has . 
  unfortunately for greece , they do n't export value-added products and it 's difficult to hold an economy on tourism and olive oil alone . 
  historically , countries that have defaulted on their debt have regained market access 5-10 years down the road . 
  however , if greece does not implement reforms and shift towards a true first world balanced economy , it 's pretty much fucked ( ez or not ez ) . 
  edit : greece is not argentina . 
  it does n't have any raw materials that can sell outside of its borders . 
  i think at this point kicking the can down the road is not the worst of solutions for greece . 
  for europe , instead ... 
  or less than a day , depending on what happens within syriza . 
  yes but the quality of our secret services is often understated . 
  also we probably have access to more foreign intelligence than - say - the americans . 
  our relatinoship with russia and iran is better tha most of our allies . 
  we also have huge economic interest in the maghreb . 
  eni is the only company still active in lybia and eni is a huge part of the italian intelligence . 
  markets never like political volatility but if you look at the spanish and italian bonds they are going through this all mess virtually unscathed . 
  3 years ago this would n't have been possible . 
  i 'm now less worried by a grexit because other peripheral europe spreads are at historical lows and the grexit threat is not causing much distress on the markets . 
  partly responsible together with the greek debacle and the chinese collapse . 
  part of it is seasonal : [ sell in many and go away ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sell_in_may ) also shanghai is collapsing right now and that does n't help either ... 
  i used not to like juncker but i 'm starting to appreciate him . 
  maybe he is the liar but at least he 's fun . 
  i 'd second that . 
  that 's the 5-star movement for you . 
  we have many of those in the italian palriament . 
  very useful to the democratic process . 
  cutting the budget probably means cutting military jobs . 
  but i guess we should aim at have a unique eu army to save on the military budgets . 
  the european parliament seems an interesting place . 
  they are destroying tsipras . 
  entertaining to watch but ultimately useless . 
  first day of school and he 's already the least popular kid . 
  from the ft  greece 's last-ditch effort to secure its place in the eurozone had a rocky start when its finance minister arrived at a meeting of counterparts without a fresh rescue proposal . 
  facepalm . 
  [ no need ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silvio_berlusconi#alleged_links_to_the_mafia ) to wait for him to die . 
  combating tax evasion is not easy and doing it now would be a recessive action to take . 
  i think they are also taking that into account . 
  when tax evasion is so widespread , fighting tax evasion costs you votes in the next election . 
  that is one of the obscure lever used by berlusconi to be elected in italy . 
  you knew that with him tax evasion would be much easier . 
  and i 'm not talking corporate or mobster tax evasion ( camorra and mafia profits would raise the italian gdp by 11 % , imagine if we could tax those profits !, 
  ) , i 'm talking about common people 's evasion .
