  desperation about what , exactly ? 
  or avoiding the arrested sold them out ? 
  is this a failed car-bombing attack ? 
  us who ? 
  the uk has three teams in the euros which is fucking unfair . 
  this alone would be a good reason to kick you out of the eu !, 
   at the end of the meeting , greece stuck its neck out by vetoing a line that the israelis hated , but which had been approved by the other 27 eu states . 
   the line said : `` the eu will continue to unequivocally and explicitly make the distinction between israel and all territories occupied by israel in 1967 . '' this is from the same government whose pm was wearing a keffiyeh just few months ago . 
  no , it 's courtesy to make arrangements so that your guests feel at ease while visiting . 
  it 's the same courtesy one applies when one hosts friends that are scared of dogs . 
  you keep the dogs locked in the room not to upset your guests , even if you think it 's dumb to be afraid of pets . 
  and killing citizens of european countries supportive of the kurdish cause ? 
  that would be very dumb . 
  i 'm ok with denmark voting no but then i do n't see why some countries can cherry-pick what they want from the eu and other countries are fully in no matter whether something is useful or hurts the single member state . 
  it feels like denmark and the uk are friends with benefits and the rest of the eu is in a rocky marriage . 
  at some point this will need to stop . 
  either in or out . 
  in italy the governor of the veneto region at one point threatened to sue meteorologists for damages because they were forecasting rain too often , thus harming the local tourism . 
  so , there you go ... 
  also we do n't go begging the us to fund our military and surveillance . 
  that 's because people use upvotes as if they were ` like ' buttons on facebook . 
  i think this does add to the discussion even if i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  so i upvote it but it does n't mean i like this non-sense . 
  unfortunately , also an heavily-monitored society will still be exposed to some degree of risk . 
  italy has been europe 's papua new guinea for a while . 
  well before the current crisis started . 
  so groningen is built on a lake ? 
  and how that is a win for turkey ? 
  a win for erdogan , maybe . 
  surely not for the country . 
  i know it 's difficult to separate the two but turkey is much more ( and much better ) than the fucker in charge . 
  turkey is going to feel the repercussions of all this mess for years . 
  how can they separate overnight tourists nights from overnight business nights ? 
  if they ca n't differentiate between the two , i 'd say that business trips to london may be the driver . 
  honestly , the daily mail is worse than the average italian news but there are publications in italy worse than the daily mail . 
  even if you are in a sport where doping is useless ? 
  how would you know that the kgb was swapping urine tests at the sochi winter olympics if you are a 16-year old gymnast or a 50-year old shotgun shooter ? 
  our players did n't show up !, 
  no we were 1 minute away from winning it in 2000 but i guess we 'll need to contribute in 2020 to keep the streak going . 
  germany did n't beat italy , just saying ... 
  the trophy stays in the pigs for the fourth time in the row . 
  well done , boys !, 
  i do n't know about that . 
  if it eases the market stresses the rest of europe would oblige . 
  so now an hung parliament will place a bipartisan pm with the only mandate to negotiate the brexit and the market turmoil would force a very soft brexit . 
  the uk is going to be out of the eu only in name , their situation will deteriorate and the european economy is facing one year of recession . 
  well done everybody . 
  it 's one thing to wish you never married . 
  to ask for a divorce it 's much different . 
  it means that your life is so miserable that you 're willing to go through a divorce to make it better . 
  and the uk `` life '' was not miserable at all . 
  that 's what i do n't get about brexit . 
  the problem is when the eu regulators will start saying that calling an office an hq does n't make it an hq if 90 % of the workforce is still located in london . 
  what 's even worse is that the pm declined to comment . 
  good job of standing up for women rights . 
  and even worse than the worst , daily mail defense is that we should have more sense of humor . 
  fuck that , there 's nothing remotely humorous about this title unless you 're a 7-year old . 
  they are not there to take decisions . 
  they are there because in a representative democracy idiots need to be represented . 
  and self-aware idiots somewhat realise they ca n't really take decisions . 
  consider my popcorn grabbed . 
  when the war in syria ends ? 
   either we figure out a common refugee policy or the schengen agreement dies this is not as the other things you mentioned . 
  this is a temporary crisis . 
  not that migrations are not a common recurrence but just the intensity of the current crisis and the unnecessary political drama surrounding it make it seem like a structural eu problem . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  at least , not a problem inherent to the eu itself . 
  they were just going for the meme, 
  probably better . 
  cultural syncretism would have probably accelerated the ` civilisation ' process and decreased the number of wars . 
  and maybe put to rest the concept of autodermination that still plague us to this day . 
  on the other side , a unified federal republic might have skewed the progress of civilisation in other ways that would have been detrimental to the advancement of mankind . 
  we 'll never know . 
  no , i did n't . 
  why do you think is better to give up the tax income of high-earning individuals which do n't even use the nhs because they have their own private medical insurance ? 
  if you believe they are just parasites , at least you want them to fund your health insurance and infrastructure instead of letting all that sweet tax money go elsewhere . 
  if they migrate , your government will still be strongly lobbied but without any benefits . 
  lol , you think that if the banks leave london , the bankers wo n't have a say in the future economic policies ??? 
  it does n't matter where bankers live and pay taxes . 
  who do you think finance the nhs ? 
  it 's the banks that buy the government debt that have lobbying power . 
  there are not many bankers in greece and yet the government does what they say . 
  good luck financing the nhs without the parasites !, 
  northern ireland 's shore is conveniently sheltered by scotland . 
  warning : irish friends , putin has a direct line of sight to your northern shore . 
  honestly , i moved from italy to the uk and between annual leaves and bank holidays i get one day off more in the uk than i did in italy . 
  also shorter working hours . 
  do n't believe the stereotypes . 
  because the others had not tried it yet , and for good reasons, 
  this is not an offer . 
  you can stay 5 years in the uk and apply for citinzeship anyway . 
  granted , this would make it automatic but there 's no way the echr would be ok with ` deporting ' eu citizens that are now lawfully living in the uk . 
  i guess , but with the dysfunctional tories one can never be certain , that eu citizens living in the uk by less than 5 years ( not clear starting from which cut-off date ) would be allowed to stay on a visa status , provided that they are employed . 
  ever heard of this thing called secularization ? 
  estonia obviously, 
  do you think it 's fair that the labour had to rush into writing an election manifesto without warning while the tories had all the time to prepare because they called a snap election ? 
  i mean , i still struggle to understand how this can be considered democratic . 
  90 days are way too few days to make sure all parties are ready to stand in an election . 
  what if i wanted to found a party to compete in the next general election and then all of the sudden the tories call for early election to make sure i do n't get the opportunity to compete for other 4 years ? 
  she has done nothing but cuts for the time being while the little people are left bickering about brexit,
