  the solution at the beginning of the crisis would have been fiscal transfers from central europe to peripheral europe and consequent loss of fiscal sovereignity of member states . 
  they should have used the crisis to fasten the process and give a huge fuck about the democratic process . 
  unfortunately we did n't have visionary leaders at the time and we do n't have them now . 
  merkel is a good housekeeper but with no fantasy . 
  not prosecuting tax evasion could be seen as indirect fiscal incentives . 
  so it 's a good way to enforce the austerity policies without actually penalising the citizens . 
  one point that is sometimes overlooked when discussing the generation wars is that , yes , spending more now is borrowing from future generations . 
  however , future generations may be richer and could afford to lend money to past generations . 
  the enrichment could come from a technological shock rather from good economic policies . 
  say in 20 years the human race discovers a cheap source of energy that increases productivity dramatically . 
  in 5 years , greeks could be heavily indebted and in a de-emerging economy with no hopes for the future but in in 20 years all the economic system as we see it today might be completely different . 
  it does n't help to have universal health insurance if the government ca n't afford the medical bills and drugs suppliers are not willing to sell to greece anymore . 
  it sucks . 
  yep , france and italy situation is the worst . 
  whatever happens is going to be bad for the finances of those countries . 
  so if life expectancy at birth keeps increasing , you would just do nothing ? 
  p.s : pension systems are ponzi schemes . 
  i pay my pension contributions every month , well knowing that i will most likely never see them returned to me . 
  to me , it 's just another tax . 
  so for a 30-year old to fight to keep the retirement age closer to 60 years it is fucking dumb . 
  only 50year-olds might benefit from that but in 30 years time public pension systems would either be bust or useless, 
  i know . 
  the situation is similar in italy , especially southern italy . 
  but italy has extended the retirement age to 65-67 years . 
  it 's not a direct measure of austerity . 
  in the short-term it 's not a repressive reform . 
  why ca n't they agree to that ? 
  the people that already receive a pension would be left almost unscathed . 
  that i know , the agreement does not include a cut or a much heavier taxation on existing pensions . 
  it probably should because once again it is totally unfair that only new generations should bear the grunt . 
  the solidarity among generations that you describe is not sustainable in the long term and further contributes to the economic stall . 
  it does n't look like they 're accepting all conditions . 
  this is probably the deal the greeks were aiming at since the beginning but i 'm not sure the rest of the eurozone would be ok with that . 
  the vat system would remain overcomplicated and the 30 % discount afforded to some of the isles would increase the expected deficit . 
  the overhaul of the pension system and the phase-out of the aids for some of the pensioners are further delayed . 
  i really fail to understand why they are so tough on the pension system . 
  who are they protecting ? 
  the 58year-old pensioners ? 
  they do n't exist anymore in the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't see why greece - of all places - should be allowed to have such an unbalanced , unfunded and unfair to younger generations pension system . 
  trick or not , i do n't think he 's delusional . 
  i think he 's just an amateur that has treated all of the situation as if it was the football transfer market . 
  the referendum regards a deal offer that has already expired . 
  how could they be so dumb ? 
  all of that . 
  and they woule still neee all the reforms the eu is trying to impose them . 
  an inefficient and costly bureaucracy and an unsustainable pension system are not things you can fix with a weaker currency, 
  well but for once i agree 100 % . 
  italy had to make a huge pension reform that is fucking over an entire generation and now the sustainability of the italian pension system is one of the strength underpinning the decent credit status of the italian debt . 
  why should italy keep financing greece ( it 's the third overall lender ) and fucking over italians if the greeks do not raise the retirement age ? 
  the answers are : because of solidarity and because of fear of contagion in case of grexit . 
  if solidarity is tabled and the grexit scenario is not seen as dangerous as 2 years ago , then by all means italy 's interests are aligned with the rest of the central european countries . 
  technically , the other eurozone countries can not kick greece out . 
  however , if the financial aid is not prolonged , the greek government would default on its debt denominated in euros . 
  typically what happens next it 's a devaluation of the local currency to re-start the economy with a new currency that is worth much less than before . 
  since the euro can not be unilaterally devalued by the greeks , it means they 'll need to come up with some sort of new currency of their own . 
  that would automatically exclude the greece from the eurozone because : first , they do n't use the euros anymore , second they breach the eu agreements by introducing their own currency . 
  so basically greece would not be technically kicked out but it would kick itself out . 
  there 's no free sport tv platform in europe . 
  i 'm not hoping for another pay tv , i 'm hoping for a pan-european sports netflix . 
  rai has the coverage of the next olympics and the coverage of beijing 2008 was the stuff of nightmares . 
  i just love this so much . 
  no more shitty rai coverage for me and the possibility of a unified ( and cheaper ) sports platform across europe distributed over the internet . 
  free europe from murdoch . 
  i believe in monetary policies in the short-to-medium terms . 
  they cure the symptoms not the diseases . 
  that 's why monetary sovereignity wo n't heal the greek diseased economy . 
  as simple as that . 
  also , you ca n't do much with your monetary sovereignity if nobody would finance your economy in your local currency . 
  mine was rather a rhetorical question . 
  in the long-run monetary policies have no positive impact . 
  at worst they can lead to hyper-inflation or deflationary stasis . 
  monetary sovereignity is overvalued . 
   i am a fiery supporter of a yes vote as the only sensible option , and even i feel very tempted to vote no now . 
  so you 're making your mind be swayed by a politician speech ? 
  maybe that 's exactly what he wants ? 
  you mean juncker pulled a claire underwood ? 
  because being in charge of your own currency solves the problems in the long run ? 
  i think that the eu was never about democracy and that is a good thing because people are not ready . 
  people are seldom ready for progress . 
  that 's why they need a little nudge . 
  shit , that sounded a little bit fascist ... 
   we 're not here to accuse others , it 's to show that we want to serve people . 
  the other eurozone member states have taken great pains to mover closer to greece , ** ignoring sensitivities of their own people . 
  ** it 's time for greeks to speak up and shape their own destiny , for their own generation and for future generations . 
  it 's time for greek leaders to say what is necessary . 
  it is a moment of truth . 
  i will never let the greek people go down . 
  i know the greek people do n't want to let down the european union . 
  greece is a member of the european union and the european union should stand together . 
  i 'd like the people to vote `` yes '' . 
  greece is europe and europe is greece . 
  it might be rethorical but i think those statements are very matter-of-factly and hopefully shared by all europeans . 
  the bold is the saddest part in all of this . 
  if this decision had been left to the solidarity of the european people and not to the * evil * technocrats i 'm afraid greece would have already been kicked out of the union . 
  at this point i do n't think they care if the banking system crashes because they will either refinance it in drachmas or have the ecb shore it up once again ( depending on what happens next week ) . 
  to be fair most of the good trends are because of factors mostly independent from the government policies . 
  first of all , the low rates are helping with debt costs and with banks ' liquidity plus other indirect effects as cheaper mortgages and cheaper access to consumer financing . 
  real estate market is still rather depressed in terms of volumes while prices have never collapsed as in other eu countries . 
  exports are mostly driven by the weakening of the euro .
