  i mean do you really understand it ? 
  because the deeper you dig into it , the more fucked up it all gets . 
  do n't take my word for it , do your research . 
  why are you trying to downplay the actions of the us . 
  they have funded and sponsored coups in dozens of countries.they have literally assassinated the leaders of other countries . 
  they have literally invaded other countries with 10s of thousands of infantry . 
  they have literally dropped 100s of thousands of bombs on other countries . 
  none of those things are similar to spreading disinformation or hacking the emails of private citizens . 
  and refusing to take a moral position on a moral issue is frankly cowardly , and immoral . 
  happy xmas . 
  call me a whataboutist if you like , but the us has been meddling in the elections of dozens of countries every decade since ww2 . 
  live by the sword , die by the sword . 
  you can condemn that sort of meddling or you can condone it . 
  you ca n't do both . 
  i came here to harvest karma by posting [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/5adc3nc0mhi?t=153 ) that i watched last month . 
  damn you for beating me to it . 
  and have an upvote . 
  so it seems i was right and you did n't have any evidence that i was wrong 15 hours ago . 
  thanks for admitting that . 
  you were half smart for not jumping to specific conclusions , like a lot of the people who were calling for that innocent 23 year old pakistani man to be lynched . 
  of course this is far from over ...  but mr de maiziere reacted cautiously to the claim , saying `` several lines of investigation '' were being pursued . 
  i know that . 
  i never claimed it was an isis attack . 
  i just acknowledged that i had got some new information since i made my original comment . 
  there is n't much publicly available information about the details of how all this happened yet . 
  do you have any credible evidence that i 'm wrong ? 
  maybe the terrorist was a white supremist or far right supporter that wanted to mimic the truck attack in france . 
  there are elections coming up soon in germany and false flag attacks would boost support for far right parties . 
  edit : the latest reports are saying that isis has claimed responsibility for this . 
  how the fuck did the americans count  120m votes in a couple of hours on election night but in the last month they 've only managed to count an additional ~ 10m ? 
  iirc it was a promise they made during the general election campaign . 
  it probably got them a lot of seats and reneging on the promise would backfire on them anyway . 
  but jokes are funny . 
  of course you can . 
  the numbers for both platforms are available and numbers are easy to compare . 
  any questions ? 
   out of falcon 9 's first 10 launches , there were 4 failures . 
  on the first two missions the parachutes failed . 
  on the 4th mission there was an engine failure which resulted in the loss of part of the payload , and the 6th mission resulted in a complete loss upon the landing stage . 
  wtf has this got to do with anything ? 
  parachutes were experimental , they had nothing to do with the success of the primary mission , which was a success btw . 
  the experimental parachutes provided enough data ( by failing ) to help spacex decide that parachutes were not a viable strategy to reuse their rockets . 
  in other words , the experiment was a success . 
  the engine failure on the 4th flight demonstrated the capability of completing a launch by compensating with the remaining engines despite suffering a hardware failure . 
  there is no other launch platform in existence that can do that . 
  yes , a secondary payload was lost , but on any other platform , the fts would have been triggered and both payloads would have been lost . 
  the cassiope launch was a complete success . 
  the first stage was destroyed on impact with the ocean , but if that 's the benchmark for a failed mission , then every single esa launch in it 's entire history was also a failure . 
  this is a severely pathetic excuse for finding flaws in the falcon 9 launch platform . 
  you are literally burying your head in the sand and hoping that reality will just go away and allow esa to remain competitive . 
  the last time ye tried to do that it kinda backfired on ye . 
  in my defense , i was talking to someone else about trump just a few minutes prior to my sleep-deprived fuckup . 
  total brain damage on my part . 
  was reading news from washington and mistook your comment for some kind of deluded view of trump . 
  i 'm a dope . 
  edit : i should n't reddit about mdh and djt in multiple threads when i 'm half asleep . 
  ignore this comment or have a laugh at my expense . 
  lol  he 's loving the job , and the people are loving him doing the job . 
  sure , he loves screaming at his tvs and trying to find ways to keep his family out of prison without explicitly pardoning them . 
  if by `` the people '' you mean `` pedes '' sure , let 's roll with that . 
  last time i checked his favourability index was about 25 points under water . 
   still fit and healthy he 's 100 lbs overweight and showing possible signs of dementia . 
  fit and healthy people do n't have 4 chins and 3 bellies . 
   i 'd be fairly sure he 'll run again you must have missed the episode where he launched his re-election campaign in november 2016 ? 
  you know , to funnel more ~ ~ campaign donations ~ ~ fools money into his businesses . 
  i hope we can convince him to stay on for another 7 years . 
  so flush the shit and piss away before you sit down . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  i wish we would build some of these in ireland . 
  every week i see dead animals on our motorways . 
  imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , so thank you . 
  who made you the spokesperson for the planet ? 
  you do n't speak for me . 
  the majority of people worldwide think that trump is an incompetent buffoon and 95 % of what he says is self-serving propaganda . 
  there are actual polls based on actual data to support that statement . 
  the illuminati have accidentally revealed the location of their secret base in atlantis . 
  okay , i can understand the reasons why they are listed as endangered in finland . 
  but this is different than the situation with the lynx and the wisent , which have worldwide populations of something around 1000 animals . 
  according to wikipedia : conservation status - least concern ; found all over northern asia from japan to finland . 
  it 's very cute , but it 's not endangered . 
  which is a good thing . 
  your link appears to be an attempt to refute what op said , yet if you bother to read it , it pretty much confirms what he said . 
  well it 's been 3 years since we had a summer . 
  we 'll get the hang of it but it might take us a couple of weeks . 
  on a level on par with fidget spinners , yeah . 
  rubiks cubes can break apart and the little bits can choke small children . 
  spinner yoyos caused hundreds of injuries from broken fingers and noses to concussions . 
  i 'm not making this up . 
  and those things were everywhere , everyone i knew had a cube or three . 
  spinners were given away free with soft drinks like fanta and coke . 
  i do n't actually know anyone with a fidget spinner even though i see a lot of them online and my local shop has some for sale . 
  you obviously were n't around in the 80s when spinner yoyos and rubiks cubes changed the world . 
  it would probably be easier to ban electricity , and it would have roughly the same effect on the uk economy . 
  why all the caveats ? 
  i stopped buying american crap months ago . 
  i 've been using linux instead of macos/windows for about 20 years . 
  i 've never eaten in mcdonalds , not even once . 
  if you want to do this , do it right , accept the inconveniences that it causes for you . 
  quit making exceptions for yourself and justifying them with lame excuses , that 's a slippery slope that will castrate your effort from the very start .
