well , nuclear is our safest bet , other than solar . 
  look , i would n't even complain about stopping it , but we still have tons of unclean coal energy and our electricity prices are rising so i really do n't get why anyone would get rid of nuclear energy before taking care of coal energy . 
  swastika ban is a poorly executed move in my opinion . 
  you either ban all symbolism that is affiliated with things threatening to the grundgesetz ( including antifa , soviet smybolism , etc. ), 
  or you allow all of it . 
   bashing why is that bashing ? 
  it 's entirely true . 
  our stance on nuclear energy is moronic , as ist our stance on swastikas and censorship in video games . 
  completely legit thing to complain about . 
  the eu is still a trade union , not a superstate . 
  you would do well to not forget that . 
  ehm , do you know how the un works ? 
  all proposed sanctions have to pass the security council first . 
  do you really think that france , the usa or the uk are going to impose sanctions on their allies ? 
  vetoing exists for a reason, 
  or the guy pulling out a full auto assault rifle ... 
  this looks like a mobster gathering, 
  you do n't have to let anyone drown , do you ? 
  just rescue them and return them afterwards . 
  problem solved . 
  these people are not our problem at all . 
  as good of a solution that is , the backlash would be too big . 
  then maybe , just maybe , they should stop accepting more refugees than they have already if they seriously want us to help them shelter those that are already here ? 
  and what do you want us to do , hm ? 
  western europe took in more than enough refugees already , eastern europe does n't want to . 
  europe is not everybody 's safe haven and we are not the world police . 
  putting people in asylum shelters without them ever getting to have the chance to land a good job here is not solidarity , it 's importing problems from other areas of the world into our continent . 
  especially with all the shit the eu has to deal with already we should really stop that bullshit solidarity excuse . 
  we need to clean up our own shit first . 
  italy could just ship them back ... to be honest , i can understand austria 's and france 's decision completely . 
  oh right , i confused your r with your g. i learned russian in school dammit , and now i 'm too dumb to even read the letters properly . 
  i 'm going to stand in a corner now . 
  brrrr ? 
  never heard someone laugh like that . 
  is it your version of pffffff ? 
  uk is not our neighbor , and which one of you both is the stronger one is debatable . 
  i do n't remember france having nukes in 1940 . 
   the current army does n't need to be able to defend germany in case of an invasion , there 's this thing called the eu . 
  as the surves in the op shows , the eu is of questionable reliability when it comes to external threats . 
  there is no good excuse for not having a decent army especially not when russia is acting up again . 
   good education is not a myth , lol . 
  the policies being stupid does n't make it bad education . 
  when more and more students choose to go to university and then fail to get a good job afterwards because there is an oversaturation in the market makes the whole system a failure ... not to mention that the idea of splitting secondary education in three different levels is retarded . 
  seriously , half of the people attending the upper level/gymnasium do n't belong there . 
  i guess being able to go to a doctor any time without bankrupting yourself is n't important ... and for how long will we be able to do that ? 
  you know that taxpayers finance the whole thing , right ? 
  sorry , but france 's army is bigger , more experienced and better equipped ... france is the stronger neighbour right now , military wise . 
  not that it matters because france is one of the least likely countries to attack us . 
  hmm . 
  it also means that we are useless when it comes to our own defense . 
  the current army is not capable of defending germany in case of an invasion . 
  yet that should be the main priority of any army . 
  it 's notoriously small and underequipped for a nation with 80 million people . 
  good educaion and social services are a myth . 
  in reality , our education policies are very stupid and the social services ca n't really be financed when society is aging and the taxpayers are getting less in comparison with the retired population . 
  sure we look good when compared to the usa but that 's not really an achievement becaudse the usa has to spend a lot more on military equipment when their allies refuse to do so . 
  shameful . 
  it 's bad enough that we do n't even meet the 2 % military spending standard . 
  it 's bad enough that our military is a joke . 
  but this is just sad . 
  are you really that dense ? 
  where did i say that they are good ? 
  i merely said that every conflict has two sides . 
  every conflict has two sides . 
  what seems right to us seems wrong to other nations . 
  that 's why it 's in quotation marks . 
  my implication is that this news may be fake to make russia look even worse . 
  no , i am saying that even the side that is on the `` right '' side of the conflict can lie and manipulate . 
  you are putting words in my mouth, 
  okay , my bad, 
  sk also said that kim killed his ex girlfriend . 
  she is still alive, 
  does n't mean that everything else has to be true, 
  not believing such claims does n't mean i support russia . 
  both sides are at war , and lying to make your enemies look bad is a part of war . 
  how many things does south korea say about nk that turn out to be false ? 
  we should wait for confirmation before jumping to conclusions . 
  might as well be propaganda . 
  well technically speakimg i coul just make a new one up on the spot and call it the longest . 
  german is fun . 
  shortest is any word with two letters . 
  ja , in , du , er , es , etc. 
  pretty biased article . 
  greece is blackmailing germany and holding the eurozone hostage ? 
  sure greece fucked up but our government is also at fault here . 
  and white privilege ? 
  the eu is not the us and greece is not ferguson . 
  the article claims that in the future , russia and china might be more attractive to muslim immigrants . 
  but why would china want this ? 
  a lot of things written there do n't make any sense to me . 
  i 've never seen anyone claiming him to be the savior of anything , anywhere . 
  fact is , you just moved the goalposts . 
  oh boy , imagine that . 
  `` hey , uh germany ... so , can we get our reparations ? '', 
  `` only if we get half of poland first '', 
  did you even read the article ? 
  what you just said is literally what gaddafi said in the article . 
  that 's not xenophobia . 
  that 's not even racism either . 
  `` your house , your rules '' as they say .
