  * you have this freedom , but normally when someone wants to use their own language they add a translation . 
  i really enjoyed [ il capitale umano ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2465578/ ) . 
  even bigger congrats to italy who won the televote while singing in their native language !, 
  i heard some boos after their performance, 
  wow , belgium was unbelievable . 
  they should definitely win . 
  i think the answer is the same in every country in europe , * ndrangheta *, 
  how long has that been there ? 
  it almost looks like an average earthquake could collapse it . 
  i speak : english spanish italian i would like to learn : french, 
  i actually like this idea , it 's the best way to stop terrorists in their tracks . 
  and if you do n't have anything to hide then you should n't care . 
  are there no days off where you are from ? 
  and i 'm not in europe , but i 'm at college right now and when it 's a nice day it 's verry common to see people just relaxing outside or doing something active . 
  why do they even bother making 5 year predictions ? 
  it 's hard enough to predict 6 months into future , i do n't believe this prediction has any real merit . 
  pardon my ignorance , but who is stealing from whom ? 
  the romani language is not the same as romanian . 
  romani , the language of the gypsies , is much more closely related to hindi and other indian languages . 
  erikson went to yale and harvard med , also his psychosocial stages are taught in every psych book out there . 
  why should he be discredited ? 
  this seems like a very cold an practical look at things . 
  you 're supposed to have kids because you want someone who you can love and care for . 
  there is a psychologist names erik erikson who called this * generitivity * and is a major part of human development . 
  speaking to norwegians in ... norwegian ? 
  when is the survey coming ? 
  every country has classes to teach it 's students it 's own language . 
  they still have a lot of nomads milling around in the desert though . 
  i 've done it before , but i guess you guys are strict on the ` no talking on the bus ' thing haha . 
  why not ask him to push it for you ? 
  i 'm surprised italy is n't the largest migrant destination for albanians . 
  this quote from the article might help explain why they are good at it `` il sistema di prevenzione sta funzionando '' : '' \u00e8 stata applicata per la prima volta a un sospettato di terrorismo la stessa regola che \u00e8 stata sin qui applicata ai sospettati di mafia '' , ha detto il ministro dell ` interno , angelino alfano `` the protection system is working : it has been applied for the first time to a suspected terrorist , using the same method which has until now been used towards suspected mafia members '' - angelino alfano , minister of internal affairs, 
  italy and spain are small fish ? 
  that 's really cool of them . 
  is this independent station seen as a good news source by most macedonians ? 
  but italy ' odds are twice as good . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will win . 
  funny [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nc7s88508_y ) comparing alitalia to ryanair, 
  will m5s 's obstructionism cause them to lose support in future elections ? 
  if so i hope renzi gets enough votes to push through adoption rights . 
  most americans do support it ... edit : also most italians support at least civil unions, 
  very happy with it because it projects american power and by keeping the west safe america is able to remain a global superpower . 
  also lets not pretend like it is n't in america 's best interest to keep a strong military presence right next to russia , africa , and the middle east . 
  damn , why you so salty ? 
  i do n't know if its called hate speech here . 
  but any threat or call to immenent violence is illegal here . 
  if it leads to violence it is illegal in the us, 
  it 's banned in america as well, 
  is there any reason italy is not on this graph ? 
  sounds that way , but it 's actually delicious !, 
  best way to eat it is to not think about what it is, 
  no [ pani ca meusa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pani_ca_meusa ) ? 
  who can take this list seriously ? 
  but more seriously this is awesome !, 
  so wrong . 
  there have been plenty of americans who went or tried to go to syria in order to join isis . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/25/american-foreign-fighters-isis_n_6753854.html ), 
  why are people putting towels out overnight to reserve prime beach spots ? 
  seems like a dick move . 
  finally some good news in this world . 
  do n't waste such a beautiful island as alcatraz . 
  leave that for iceland . 
  not surprising , given the usa is the main driver of english dominance in today 's world and the uk just benefits from it . 
  i think he may be talking about scotland and northern ireland possibly leaving . 
  also , just because they were strong before the eu does n't mean they will be just as strong after . 
  haha , i would n't want to be british right now . 
  i feel like that 's just humanity in general . 
  there goes the whole british accents make you sound smart thing i guess . 
  because without the uk it will be easier for europe to federalize . 
  if they leave europe should focus on federalizing the members they have . 
  well mostly because i 'd like to see what a more u ified europe looks like . 
  but i guess the dollar thing can be an added bonus . 
  europe is more important to the uk than the uk is to europe . 
  a uk leave would be good for europe . 
  a trump presidency would be good for no one . 
  well it will hurt everyone since global markets will be hurt , but in the medium/long run europe will be better for it . 
  i hope for a uk leave , and it is looking good . 
  sure it will suck for the brits , but i truly believe it will be better overall for europe . 
  sure , but since that is n't the case they need to accommodate maltese . 
  the point is that maltese is an official language and should be able to be used in parliament . 
  i doubt it . 
  my mom is born and raised in palermo , so are both my father 's parents . 
  i have dual citizenship and am in constant contact with my italian cousins . 
  but i get your skepticism , lots of americans claim to be italian and ca n't even say two words in the language . 
  in the euro 's i support italy , so we did qualify !, 
  sorry to hear , maybe try asking over in / r/italy , there may be someone from pisa who could help you . 
  well countries change over time . 
  i imagine in the future most europeans will be non-religiois but still have traditions from the christian roots . 
  is this sarcastic or ... ? 
  i think it will be hosted in whichever country gets second . 
  i think it 's because you only qualified for the finals once and got fifth place . 
  this seems misleading , since 4/5 french millenials apparently do n't support fn . 
  i assume there was communication , but the article talks about this trip to negotiate deportation specifically . 
  for those who ca n't read italian , a big part of why they ca n't return migrants to their home countries is because currently only egypt tunisia and nigeria will accept them . 
  apparently the minister of the interior will be taking a trip to africa after the holidays to talk to african governments about this problem , which i believe is the best path to success . 
  should they instead be dumped onto italy ? 
  does italy 's national sovereignty not matter ? 
  could this have something to do with culture as well ? 
  i live in a safe area yet i still do n't feel safe walking around at night . 
  think all those years of my mother warning me about nonsense things has affected me haha .
