  probably my favorite pictures in this set . 
  i know they were able to bring their language back from death which is pretty cool . 
  i 'm sorry i should have clarified . 
  my grandma is from italy and watches it here in the states through rai . 
  i do n't think regular americans watch it . 
  that 's the one . 
  greece and italy seem to do allright, 
  my grandma has been watching ` un posto al sole ' since before i was born . 
  i 'm 19 by the way, 
  is n't germany pretty reluctant ? 
  that seems a bit steep . 
  i also have jus sanguinis , but with italy , but i 've read that the highest it might cost is one thousand dollars , and i do plan on doing that in the future . 
  although maybe the money difference is because my line to italy is relatively close , my grandfather . 
  not speaking english ! = idiot, 
  why would he do this in english when his speech would be much better in italian ? 
  the closer a country is to the us the more they want independence edit : haha i guess my joke was kinda stupid . 
  it 's cause us wanted independence from uk , and all these independence movements are in west europe , which is closer to the us than east europe, 
  it 's economy would be down a couple trillion , but would probably be pretty much the same thing just with less influence . 
  it 's not hating the fourth of july , it 's finding obnoxious people annoying . 
  also 18 of the top 20 !, 
  what do you mean by left behind ? 
  are n't you guys number three behind germany and italy ? 
  good , italy needs to be strong on this point that if they do n't get help from the eu they wo n't keep bringing migrants to their country . 
  definitely italy , even without bufon they have one of the best goalkeepers in the world and i think they are just a better team than england . 
  i think either italy or argentina will win . 
  and honestly i do n't think brazil will even make it to the finals , i think germany will beat them in the semis . 
  i think brazil will have riots regardless . 
  i like dubbed movies , and the dubbing actors do pretty well at making the performance good . 
  i think the problem is that you get used to the original version that the dubbed version sounds weird to you . 
  the thing about being catholic is loving and accepting everyone, 
  [ giusy ferreri - ma il cielo e ' sempre piu ' blu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exrf-wzksko&amp;feature=kp ) this song always remind me of summertime . 
  i 've only met a few but i 've always had this misconception that they 're arrogant . 
  i can understand most of them but sometimes when they speak i honestly have no idea what they are saying . 
  also i hate the english ^ ^ national ^ ^ football ^ ^ team, 
  the cultural/political/economic powerhouses of europe are in the eu , so it kinda makes sense . 
  this article has one sentence on renzi which does n't at all support the claim made in the title . 
  all renzi said is that juncker does n't have an automatic right to the job . 
  but if he gets the votes from parliament i do n't think renzi will oppose . 
  it looks like france and uk are the only big countries against him . 
  if he can get a majority in parliament i do n't see why renzi would vote against him . 
  never heard of it , but that seems like a lot of fun actually . 
  will try it out at the next family get together !, 
  my family plays some traditional italian card games using the [ sicilian card deck ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=sicilian+card+deck&amp;rlz=1c1chfx_enus535us535&amp;espv=2&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=lyilu9_kjjclyats-idodw&amp;ved=0cacq_auoag&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=675#facrc=_&amp;imgrc=elvayqjd8brdwm%253a%3bx0ddrgm8jc5b8m%3bhttp%253a%252f%252fwww.wopc.co.uk%252fassets%252fimages%252fcountries%252fitaly%252fsicilian.jpg%3bhttp%253a%252f%252fwww.wopc.co.uk%252fitaly%252fsicilian.html%3b1200%3b748 ) . 
  the only games i know are scopa and briscola but the old ladies in the family play another game , i think tresette , that i 've never played . 
  and i 'm pretty sure all three are still popular in italy . 
  is n't italy already the fourth most influential country ? 
  does n't that make it a leader ? 
  if it 's just the uk and some other countries then what 's the problem ? 
  wo n't most countries think junker deserves it ? 
  cool !, 
  i really like the new name and hope this one can stick around . 
  he is wrong though , in almost every non-anglosphere country a knowledge of the native language is necessary for full integration into that country . 
  english , spanish , italian . 
  starting to learn french . 
  by the way , this should be part of those surveys that are always done here . 
  being happy seems like pretty universal thing . 
  from my interactions with my cousins in italy i can tell you that sicily is not like a third world country , which a lot of people ( especially here where i live ) seem to think . 
  i could see a lot of nordic languages go the way of many italian dialects . 
  the more important english becomes to them , the more superior english will be and the people will just stop speaking their native languages . 
  maybe not in 50 years but i can definitely see it happening in the future . 
  their song is actually one of the best this year . 
  they have a pretty good song , so i bet a lot of people will vote for them . 
  with summer time coming i think i 'd have plenty of time to do this . 
  i 'm in !, 
  that does n't mean you have to be fluent . 
  you can just learn the minimum and go on to get an average job . 
  in larger countries though , like france/italy/germany i bet it is a lot easier to get a job without english because they have large enough economies where they do n't need to depend on english . 
  same goes fro portugal and spain because their languages are global . 
  probably because there are more germans in general . 
  percentage wise i bet it would be the other way around . 
  no one has to learn english . 
  just have a normal job in your own country . 
  and if you live in a country with a large enough economy you can even get a more international job without needing to learn english . 
  i like italy 's song alot , but i like armenia 's more . 
  if they ca n't fight back it is n't much of a war . 
  i do n't see it , but what specifically about the ukrainian thing are you talking about ? 
  has n't everyone already given support except for the netherlands ? 
  i 'm the kind who grew up with really protective parents so i did n't really learn a lot of american culture things until i was in high school . 
  italo-american  italian  european  sicilian i did n't want to put american more than italian because i think my experience as first generation would make it more accurate to say italian american first ( btw not the jersey shore kind ) . 
  i do n't know , but i really like italy and armenia 's songs . 
  but i obviously want italy to win !, 
  why is central to north east italy just one thing ? 
  also i guess ` ndrangheta is the most deadly italian mafia . 
  wait how feasible is this ? 
  without nato finland would n't stand a chance , but would the eu just let russia do this ? 
  do you think it is possible for danish to disappear completely in the next 100 years ? 
  if this continues could people slowly switch completely to english ? 
  without the bigger world powers in nato on their side what could such an alliance accomplish ? 
  a lot of them are coming from sub-saharan africa and other war torn places . 
  i doubt any are coming from the big cities . 
  i would n't care if my leader could only speak polish . 
  as long as there is a translator and he does a good job , i 'll be ok . 
  i just thought that since so many albanians learn italian , then i should try and learn albanian . 
  btw i love language exchanges so if you want any help with italian practice let me know , 
  there is already an english  italian and italian  english course . 
  and unfortunately my spanish is not good enough to make a spanish  italian one . 
  but you should do an albanian  italian one ( assuming you know italian ) , because i 've always been curious about learning it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a bank or something . 
  and the words say something like : '' deposit you money in russian/ukranian here '', 
  all i 'm saying is that if the crimeans want to be russian , and the russians are able to annex them then i do n't see the problem in that .
