  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_death languages die all the time . 
  in fact one of the leading causes of language death is globalization . 
  and half of the languages spoken today will be dead in 100 years , and i mean dead not evolved like latin but dead like faliscan . 
  i can only speak for sicilian , but it is close to italian but i would n't say it is completely mutually intelligible . 
  and i ca n't understand songs in napolitano even though it is similar to italian . 
  some differences off the top of my head are ; pi\u00f9 is cchi\u00f9 in sicilian , and piena is china in sicilian . 
  as to your second point , yes that is the real danger here if we continue moving towards english only policies . 
  but as long as the eu does n't move to have only english as official then i think the national languages should be safe . 
  if you know english languages from outside of europe do n't really matter in terms of business . 
  but as long as each language keeps its official status then it does n't really matter what languages you learn because we have translators . 
  i 'm worried that that would make non english languages become obsolete and therefore lost.i think that the eu should support the learning of multiple languages from different language families to make europe more polylingual rather than monolingual . 
  do you mean that all europeans should learn english and disregard their native languages ? 
  in italy a lot of local languages are still very much so alive even though standard italian has become the lingua franca ( i.e. 
  so i think that national languages will be able to survive the use of english . 
  however , i fear that in countries like sweden where everyone speaks english that there could be a language shift in which people start to slowly use english more than swedish and then replace swedish all together . 
  dici minchiate . 
  america does have culture , that is very ignorant thing for you to say . 
  haha this is ridiculous, 
  did n't you know iceland was sold to asia three years ago ? 
  thanks for this , i love things backed up by facts !, 
  i think anyone who learns english should learn the american accent because america is the most powerful nation on earth and it only makes sense . 
  also it has the most native english speakers . 
  iceland 's economy is only about 17 billion euros which is a lot smaller than cyrpus ' was when it went bankrupt , so i do n't think it will have that large of an affect on the rest of europe . 
  however it is unfortunate to hear this news because i always thought that iceland had figured it out and that they were actually doing very well . 
  it also helps in destroying your enemies in monopoly world . 
  i 'm really in to * dimentico tutto * by emma right now . 
  i 'm actually into anything by emma , and my favorite song by her is still * calore *, 
  haha you are right , i have not used spanish in a while so italian words tend to slip in . 
   ** hidden tears **  if i leave myself to ... ? 
  in other ages  in which i laughed and sang , in which was wanted  it seems to me that it was our spheres  it seems to me that it was an other life  it is my sad , painful mouth ,  that used to laugh in the spring ,  ... ? 
  the serious and severe lines  it falls in the abandoned of ... ?!, 
   it 's a fig , pensive , ... ? 
  the vague  i take the ... ? 
  into a lake  my ... ? 
   and the tears that i cried , white and calm ,  no one has seen them ... ? 
  inside of my soul !, 
   no one has seem them fall inside of me !, 
  it is already the 8th largest in the eu , so it already is one of the eu 's largest economies . 
  i 'm sorry , what is afaik ? 
  right now it is a coalition government which only exists because both sides joined together , if one side leaves then the parliament is dissolved ... 
  i think , i 'm no politician . 
  that was based on policy they did n't believe in , this is based on a criminal coming to justice . 
  i just ca n't see them dissolving the government over this . 
  how can we know they are seriouse , will they really jeopardize the whole country for this or is it all for show, 
  why will the government fall if berlusconi leaves ? 
  they only know it because they know germany went eastwards and captured it in ww2, 
  leonardo da vinci , galileo , dante . 
  theroman empire and the culture that we inherited from it . 
  the renaissance , and most importantly ... pizza !, 
  i think you need to already know a language in the same family as the one you wan tot learn for bliu bliu to be succesful . 
  for example , i learned some portuguese thanks to italian and spanish . 
  but i did n't know and croatian words . 
  it is indeed , but the top 5 economies ( germany , uk , france , italy , spain ) all have economies of more than a trillion dollars . 
  the next closest , netherlands , is at 600 billion , and poland is at 400 billion . 
  well , their economies are not as large as the rest of europe so it makes sense that they would see a larger boom, 
  it is really shocking to see the differences between the west and china . 
  i thought it was kind of sad that their lives were much more rushed and all about work . 
  i ca n't believe they had 20 minute dinners every night , and that they laughed about drinking an espresso in the morning . 
  its nice to live in the west where we can stop to smell the roses . 
  what i know about sweden is that like most nordic countries they speak english very well . 
  however this comes at the expense of their own language . 
  for example a lot of swedish singers will sing in english rather than swedish . 
  you would never see something like that in italy where the top italian artists sing in their language . 
  i 'm actually curious as to what the swedes think about their culture being dominated by english . 
  uk and poland are majority christian nations , which is part of western culture . 
  and while on paper turkey is a secular state , it is very islamic and is moving more towards islamism . 
  and we recently saw in london what islamism ( which is a form of islam which is very conservative and believes strictly in sharia law ) can lead to . 
  the eu needs to fix itself first and strengthen western culture in the process . 
  there 's no need to embrace islamism in europe . 
  most attractive is definitely that middle eastern guy all the way in the corner . 
  but italy and spain are really hot as well . 
  might get some sympathy votes from the public , but their song is terrible so probably wo n't get any jury points . 
  you might want to ask over in / r/italy, 
  except they expected people to die in the colosseum , these deaths are seen as more tragic . 
  well i 'm conflicted . 
  on the one hand seven ( mostly innocent ) people died , but on the other hand they were doing something i despise and this tragedy may lead to its eventual end . 
  i recently spent a month in palermo and traveled to siracusa and agrigento while there . 
  italy ( sicily in particular ) is the most beautiful place i have ever been to , absolutely breathtaking some of the things you can see . 
  this is weird . 
  i 've never understood this stereotype . 
  i was in palermo for a month over the summer ( and rome for a day ) and never thought that they drove any worse than americans do . 
  a lot of countries have separation of church and state . 
  but if a large amount of the populace is religious then the line between the two becomes blurred . 
  and do n't pretend like a large part of our country does n't want more religion in the public sector ( school prayer , teaching creationism , etc. ), 
  are these things ever accurate ? 
  i do n't see the point of predicting so far into the future , especially since there are so many changing variables to consider when predicting population growth . 
  shabbat is the original hebrew word from which sabbath derives . 
  how old are you ? 
  do you have an education ? 
  what kind of job do you want ? 
  what is annoying about someone not speaking english ? 
  i do n't think that exists . 
  if you want one though no one is stopping you, 
  \u0631\u0645\u0636\u0627\u0646 \u0633\u0639\u064a\u062f ( happy ramadan ) to all the muslims . 
  although i wonder how many muslims are even on / r/europe, 
  yeah , parents were both born there . 
  thought it would be fun to do the dclauzel . 
  * i think they should talk about trying to fix the mess that is africa . 
  they need to think of something to stop it from being such a shit hole that millions of people a year risk death to leave it . 
  * having a sense of morality ?
