  well i personally think russia is the power in that region so they have the right to do so . 
  if the nizzians and geneoans really wanted to join france i would n't care . 
  but the fact is they do n't , crimea will be having a vote on this soon so we 'll see then if russia is justified . 
  flair ? 
  wait , why do the swedes celebrate christmas on the 24th ? 
  they 'd be more likely to occupy sudtirol . 
  and if the sudtirolians really wanted to join back with austria i do n't think i 'd care . 
  but that is n't the case . 
  also italy 's army is stronger than austria 's so i do n't think it is very probable , unlike russia 's superior army compared to ukraine . 
  i was under the impression that the crimeans were pro-russian anexation, 
  good , i do n't think russia has done anything wrong yet . 
  also am i the only one who thinks it is ok if russia takes crimea ? 
  what is the point of not meeting ? 
  if they met they could actually discuss the issues in person . 
  that 's pretty cool , i 'm assuming it will be in english , but i hope it gets translated into the other eu languages so more people will have access to the debate . 
  they are on opposite sides of the political spectrum . 
  in italy you can vote for the separatist party , lega nord , all you want . 
  but they only got 30 % in the region they are based in , lombardy , so it is n't like there is a huge call for secession . 
  yes , italian airforce escorted it while it was in italian space , then the french escorted them while in french space and also in swiss space because the swiss working day had n't started yet . 
  that 's pretty cool , but i thought most albanians already spoke italian, 
  why is there an eu flag in the ukranian parliament ? 
  this is very well written i 'm sure , i just do n't really understand it haha . 
  is it hard living there not knowing the local language ? 
  do you plan on learning it in the future ? 
  especially if you plan on staying for a long time . 
  also as to the question , i do n't really think about san marino and i have never been there , but i think i would like to in the future . 
  edit : also perhaps you should try asking over in r/italy , i 'm sure you will find more italians there who would love to answer, 
  i love how the title is ` equality ', 
  what do you think about living in san marino ? 
  der nederlaands can into relevence !, 
  italy should join with the other latin countries to form a latin union . 
  maybe greece could join too . 
  we could join greece , * una faccia una razza *, 
  if english becomes the official language of europe then national languages will lose practically all of their use and will start to die . 
  why not just promote multilingualism , in which everyone learns 3 + languages in addition to their native one . 
  also in the near future computer translators will become so advanced that there will be no need to learn other languages . 
  netherlands is ` very high ', 
  that 's like saying americans should hate mexicans , it 's very ignorant . 
  i do n't get it ... why should italians hate albanians ? 
  after ww2 i do n't think the italian military has a very good image ... even though we are [ 9th strongest in the world ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/ ) . 
  but maybe the eastern european + portugal military could be a thing , and italy could join germany while france joins uk . 
  separate by who owns nuclear weapons . 
  romania , bulgaria , and albania are not third world countries . 
  they all are in the ` high ' category of the human development index . 
  sorry i did n't mean that you are little as in insignificant , i meant one little country as in one of twenty eight . 
  and i agree that there should be unanimity in deciding these things , which is why i hope in the future everyone will agree on this . 
  this is really sad albania has been working for a while now to get itself to eu standards and they are shot down because of one little country . 
  hopefully they will eventually get full support to become an official candidate . 
  do n't say that too loudly , the multiculturalists will no doubt call you a racist xenophobe . 
  do they just seclude themselves in their homes ? 
  do n't they want to interact with the people they live with ? 
  if they do n't care about interacting with others then i guess there is no reason for them to learn spanish . 
  only like one paragraph of that article talked about him saying brits in spain should learn spanish so i do n't know why that is the title of the whole thing . 
  anyway i think it is rather obvious that you should learn the language of the country you are living in . 
  if you like the games just watch them , it is n't like you will make much of a difference by boycotting . 
  and also you wo n't be able to watch them again for four years !, 
  interesting that the four largest countries can make the stimmen a no , but it takes the fifteen smallest to have the same result . 
  i go there all the time , i think more people should give it a shot . 
  i especially like the cartoon section . 
  they are better than england right now in the standings . 
  finalmente !, 
  i doubt british people deny that greece is the starting point of western culture . 
  also i 'm sure the swedes have tons of culture ( like vikings and stuff ) . 
  i 'm sure the swedes like the british , but i doubt they 're their idol . 
  in italy we have this phrase , `` tutto il mondo \u00e8 paese '' . 
  which basically means we 're all humans and we all have a lot in common . 
  so i 'd say that europeans and americans are very similar . 
  i really do n't like this article though , it is an american who has this idea that europeans are supercultured and then he realizes than in fact europeans are normal like everyone else . 
  i do n't get why people have this misconception in the first place . 
  it 's pretty misleading to say that those are 12 ` powerful ' countries, 
  which 12 countries would that be ? 
  la repubblica had live election results on the front page , and the top story is about how merkel won . 
  also corriere della sera 's top story is about her winning the absolute majority . 
  romania is the only remnant of roman rule in eastern europe . 
  you have a romance language with some slavic influences , and are able to understand italians way better than italians are able to understand you . 
  moldova left you , but i do n't really know how you guys feel about each other . 
  haha , which europe are you from ? 
  look on the bright side , you 're more productive than the japanese . 
  no , i think it is good that italy have a common language , but i do think it would be nice if a lot of dialects did not die out and continued to be used alongside italian within the various regions . 
  the article never gave the technical term for this kind of linguicide , also they also never gave my example . 
  and yes i did read the article , sorry if it seemed like i was just paraphrasing it . 
  that is not at all a good idea . 
  we have translators for a reason , and if all important matters are handled in english then national languages will become less important and may eventually be lost through something called top-to-bottom language death . 
  a good example if this is the death of many italian dialects due to standard italian becoming official , making the other languages useless . 
  apparently there were toxins and other things in the boat which would have caused harm to the environment if they just broke it up there . 
  also there are still two unfound bodies probably still in there . 
  and of course , millions of personal belongings belonging to the victims . 
  emma marrone http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fimbrq6xiei http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxe2jhv59og mod\u00e0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3ob_ftawmi http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruyba55iwgs mod\u00e0 + emma !!!, 
  i think emma marrone would be famous in other countries . 
  i now feel like i do n't know anything about sweden :(, 
  we are all connected i guess , 
  that would be very cool if european languages blended , but also unlikely . 
  and to your second point you have a good point . 
  yeah , i know and that kind of sucks since a regions language is part of its culture . 
  but as long as our children are still taught in the national languages , then they wo n't die out . 
  then i have been mislead , i always thought that almost everyone in sweden was fluent in english . 
  no , but i do n't like the idea of modern european languages dying , which i actually doubt will happen . 
  but there is this thing called high to low language shift in which the government ( in this case the eu ) and the elites start using a single language . 
  that language tends to heavily influence and even replace the regional language . 
  that 's what i do n't want to see happen .
