land of all men slightly misleading , it 's ` land of the alamans ' , an acient germanic tribe , whose name indeed means ` all men ' . 
  what are western values ? 
  and why should we force them upon other cultures ? 
  we really should not try colonialism again , bro . 
   probably or probably not . 
  but how will natural selection weed out greedy and power-hungry people ? 
  when you say `` we '' you clearly do n't mean all young people . 
  you mean you and your circle of nouveaux bohemiens . 
  indeed . 
  all young people share homes and have so 's all across europe . 
  please take your delusions someplace else , like a psychiatric ward . 
  you are right . 
  at its core , the eu is a french geopolitical project . 
  are you raving mad or something buddo ? 
  he is right . 
  communism is not something that is `` tried '' in the marxist sense . 
  it comes to be . 
  mountain krauts is all you are !, 
  why are you catalonians always so butthurt about everything ? 
   take rotterdam , for example : a city governed by pvda which has been won by pvv in the election . 
  the pvv got around 15 % of the votes there , due to our super-multiparty system . 
  your statement is absolutely meaningless . 
  damn that is a nice memey gif my good sir, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the economic argument is one propagated by progressive liberals . 
  you are celts speaking a romance-germanic creole language !!, 
  also bad teeth !, 
  you are savage celts . 
  are we not all germanic tribes , my br\u00fcder ? 
  nice , this makes me very happy . 
  not frustrating at all . 
  i am a russian troll, 
  dutch has cases !!!, 
  ... we just do n't use them daily i guess :(, 
  all spooks !, 
  `` growth '' is a figment of our imaginations . 
  proof ? 
  i have science ^ tm to back up my claims . 
  what do you have ? 
  bavarians are basically just germanized celts , okay ? 
  and celts are never superior . 
  this is getting kind of ... chewed out . 
  but russia is also a part of europe though, 
   just a traitor to europe is this a new meme ? 
  i would like to remind all my europhile friends here that the eu = / = europe . 
  nah , just to the eu . 
  * ahem * i believe that is our property, 
  the ecsc was founded in order to prevent a war between france and germany . 
  the uk was never really part of the founding equation of the institutions that in the 90s would collide into what we now know as the eu . 
   but the eu has played a role in ensuring that the most powerful countries in europe remain united ... just france and germany . 
  the uk was never really a natural member of the eu . 
  europe = / = eu stop it just stop it 's time to stop, 
  except if we had a. . . you know ... greater germany , 
  those were the vile israelites who bastardized god 's word . 
  yes but protestantism is not real christianity because it does not accept the primary of the pontifex . 
  the bible is the referential work used by the churches to base their doctrine on . 
  that does n't mean that different christian denominations have to take the entire bible seriously , and most do n't . 
  daily reminder that protestantism is not real christianity , 
  this is offense delet, 
  exactly , that 's why i now want an authoritarian regime . 
  well , of course , 
  i quite like authoritarianism and i 'm not in power . 
  kinda uggo, 
  to a comment which stated that pan-european parties most likely wo n't care about regional issues , you responded that we have the council to deal with regional issues . 
  that seems to imply that you do n't think the eu parliament should be that concerned with regional issues , since the eu parliament would consist of these hypothetical pan-european parties . 
  i never accused you of saying that other eu institution ignore regions . 
  i am trying to tell you that your assertion that the eu parliament does not exist to represent regional issues , among other things , is false . 
  you said that `` we have a national government to deal with regional issues '' , my point is that it is impossible for eu institutions beyond the council , such as the parliament , not to deal with regional issues . 
  not to you apparently . 
  no , the eu parliament serves to represent the citizens of the european union ( of which not all european states are a member ) , many of which have regional interests , which thus are represented in the european parliament , whether you like it or not . 
  so the european parliament does not exist to represent regional interests ? 
  if not , then what does it exist for ? 
   the council is blocking progress only if you define `` taking power away from nation states '' as progress . 
  that is a very uhh ... unlearned comment . 
  total pipedream , never gon na happen , memberstates of the eu would never allow it . 
  germanic superiority, 
  p i p e d r e am greater germany when ? 
  i have a question for you . 
  what does it mean to be realistic ( according to you ) ? 
  also , imagine a friend of yours calls you and asks you to borrow $ 2000 . 
  now , since you have no evidence that he will pay that money back , would you still give him that money ? 
  if so , why ? 
  if i sound condescending , that was not my intention : i 'm just interested in having a conversation about this topic since i 'm very interested in these kinds of questions . 
  because it does not fit that genre . 
  so either you did not know that , or you are condescendingly calling the bible a `` fairy tale '' , which is extremely unfair because it is a religious text that has had a big impact on western society and therefore deserves to be understood , besides the old testament being incredibly important to understanding jewish culture ( the old testament is in essence jewish mythology ) . 
  in case you are wondering , i am not a christian . 
  just know that brussels is rightful dutch territory , you croissant !, 
   that 's an excellent demonstration of your intellectual laziness . 
  ayyy lmao you asked me what `` magic '' i believed in because i dared to defend people who believe in things ( which includes you , sorrry to break it to you ) from your hateful and bigoted attacks . 
  you do n't have a lot of ground to stand on when you 're accusing me of that . 
   maybe your mommy and daddy forced you to go to church every day and told you that you 'll burn in hell if you touch your own weenie . 
  nope , stop projecting . 
   and now as an adult you 're trying to rationalize your shitty childhood . 
  how about that ? 
  well , i was indeed baptized . 
  but i never went to church after the age of 5 , my christian mom passed away when i was 7 , and my dad is a stem-lord atheist . 
  so i did n't really have a `` christian '' upbringing . 
   i have literally no problem with dismissing a person who believes in idiotic things that are not representative of anything that 's real . 
  and what is real ? 
   religions have already lost the respect of the world 's best intellectuals who are the world 's best intellectuals ?
