  praise be, 
  i , for one , favor illiberal authoritarian governments , but am against american , russian , or ( chuckles ) chinese influence . 
  what do ? 
  not an argument, 
  is that a reference to the interview richard wolff did on fox business ? 
   reduce extreme poverty according to arbitrarily set standards . 
  rising living standards do not justify the system of capitalism . 
  they do not justify the fact that in whichever way you spin it , a few owners will pocket the profits while the vast majority of humans are left with very little . 
  you are foolish to believe capitalism will self-fix all of its problems . 
  let 's wait it out , shall we ? 
  let 's see how long the neocolonialist system can sustain itself . 
  you do understand why the welfare states were set up across the western world after ww2 , right ? 
  it was because its leaders feared a socialist uprising was certain after the destructive war if the people were not given benefits . 
  there have been plenty of circumstances where an uprising was looming and western leaders only got away by massively bribing their own populace . 
  that 's not going to last forever , especially now the the west 's economic dominance is faltering . 
  you are aware that there have been plenty of socialist uprisings all across the world , right ? 
  many of which under constant pressure from the us and allies . 
  you watch , buddy . 
  next financial meltdown is within about ... 2 years . 
  let 's see what happens then , shall we ? 
  i 'm sure a lot of people will remain content with shareholders pocketing dividends while wages remain the same or even plummet . 
  capitalism will eventually collapse . 
  what will come after ? 
  think about that for a second ( or a minute , perhaps ) . 
  you seem to imply that a competitive labor market is what france needs right now . 
  it is my duty to inform you that you are actually wrong . 
  france , just like all other countries across the world , needs socialism . 
  a more `` competitive '' labor market is not at all a good thing for workers . 
  it means lower wages , worse working conditions . 
  then again , turning france into a 3rd world country would only empower the socialist movement there , so i guess macron is doing us a favor :\\ ^ ), 
  butthurt macronist detected . 
  \\  brainlets believe this, 
  it was the eu who got them into the euro , though , which inarguably is the reason why they 're in the shit right now . 
  i 'm not denying that the greek govt did some stupid stuff ( aided by international banks btw , so much for ethical capitalism ) , but shifting the blame unto the greek govt alone is disingenuous . 
   by structural , you mean having access to social benefits ? 
  why do you think that is what he means with structural ? 
  he means structural in opposition to a problem that can be blamed/brought back to the actions of individuals . 
  lmao , hungary is literally the country version of an alt-right youtuber . 
  nah i think he is just a reactionary idiot, 
  what, 
  nah , he just spouted the usual bourgeois rhetoric in favor of france financially plundering africa . 
  people were allowed to own things before capitalism . 
  i never said anything about children mining rare earth metals , although yes that does happen under capitalism . 
  a communist society has never existed . 
  the ussr was ... socialist ( although even that is debated in left-wing circles ) . 
  my criticism of capitalism goes to its core . 
  i can talk about good things capitalism has done as well . 
  as a marxist , i am aware of the progress that happened under capitalism . 
  but the fact of the matter is that capitalism is untenable , due to the reasons i described in earlier comments of mine . 
  how on earth can you even compare something qualitative ( mode of production/economic system ) to something quantitative ( the number of people ) ? 
  if there 's too much people , people simply have less children ( hence why birthrates are falling across the globe ) . 
  however , since capitalism only exists due to increasing profits , it is going to have to be replaced by a mode of production/system that is ** not ** grounded in increasing profits . 
  try to think of it this way : capitalism is a system based on growth ( because investors expect returns ) . 
  the earth is finite ( we are already witnessing that in man-made global warming ) . 
  how then , can capitalism be sustainable ? 
  these people are anarcho-communists , and while i , as a marxist communist , think their tactics were shit , the argument you parroted is one frequently thrown at communists in general . 
  do you not see that all high end products are created in capitalist processes , and therefore it is necessary for a communist who wishes to buy an iphone to participate in them ? 
  nazis are n't socialists . 
   no european country will ever go back to it you are right . 
  europe , along with the rest of the world , will eventually progress beyond capitalism , since it is an unsustainable system . 
  this is the most tired argument against communism . 
  imagine going to feudal times and berating serfs for complaining about their lords , because the lords allow them to keep part of what they produce on the land . 
  yes it is much better to just accept the system we have now and do nothing to work towards a politically equal future !, 
  it is not the fault of the baby boomers , it is the result of the workings of capitalism . 
  capitalism , as an economic system , is inherently unstable and unequal . 
   it is entirely possible to create a commune within today 's liberal capitalist democracies . 
  except it is not . 
  there are plenty of laws stifling that . 
  just so you know , `` anarcho '' - capitalism is an oxymoron . 
  if you 're not against private ownership of the means of production , you 're not an anarchist . 
  you can call yourself an anarchist all you like , but you would n't be . 
  let 's be honest , capitalism is in zombie mode right now : it is being kept alive with collosal injections of what i like to call fake capital . 
  in case you did n't notice , the world economy practically runs on debt right now . 
  there 's just one catch : you ca n't run on debt forever . 
  well there 's a lot of police , and the socialist message is n't really popular in the west as of now , that 'll change very quickly onse the global system of capitalism collapses . 
  all that wealth and safety might be gone , and many people who would now condemn antifa for their actions would find themselves in a struggle against the state . 
   crushed by the police crush the police tbh, 
  how is the dumbass life treating you ? 
  capitalism is like skin cancer and neoliberalism is like a uv-ray . 
  48 % that 's still low even for french standards . 
  read a book . 
  the only historical thing to happen due to marcon will be the historically intense strikes and protests once he pushes through his legislative program . 
   coalition with snp and/or lib dems people who know nothing of uk politics keep suggesting this . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  libdems are bourgie scum, 
  seems more like a normie list of philosophers . 
  yes him too, 
  where is hegel , where is marx ? 
   yeah people here oh perhaps not where you are living , although there are plenty of struggling and homeless people even in the west . 
  but make no mistake , poverty and wealth inequality are caused by the mode of production we have now , so is environmental degradation and climate change . 
   look up the rise of communism in russia and china you mean two agrarian nations that were industrialized in a record time ? 
  i 'm not here to defend the totalitarian urges of people like stalin of mao , but the soviet union and the communist party of china helped their respective peoples in a way . 
   to strive for these things is insane to strive for equality and worker control is insane ? 
   especially while typing on a smartphone so what ? 
  this argument is so lazy . 
  yes , people who want capitalism to be replaced in favor of a more equitable system use products created by capitalist processes ... no shit . 
  people who criticized feudalism ate bread made from the wheat that was grown under feudalism . 
  why ? 
  because they had * no * choice . 
   marx ' ideas have been tried which ideas specifically ?
