  you mean the law of labor was made into a law which resulted in the deaths of a lot of people ? 
  could you be more specific ? 
   result has been starvation and death we see starvation and death right now in capitalism . 
  but of course that can be ignored as well , right ? 
   but of course that was n't actual communism indeed , because communism is not when the government intervenes in the market . 
  a communist society is a classless , stateless , moneyless society . 
   the worth of a product is n't equal to how long somebody worked for it , but by the value the buyer wants to pay for it . 
  this is total nonsense and you know it . 
  customers wish they 'd be able to buy more products for less money - companies have to charge them a certain price on average due to the law of value . 
  also , i have to ask you , what has been tried ? 
  you mean price-setting ? 
  ( also quick psa : there has not yet been a single communist society ) . 
  shh , you just do n't understand basic economics ^ tm, 
  what is wrong about the law of value ? 
  also , abolition of private property in favor of workers control over the means of production does not sound awful to me . 
  can you explain why you are against worker 's control ? 
   yeah he was wrong about what exactly ? 
  so what ? 
  does that mean marx was wrong ? 
  does that mean we should wholly ignore his analysis of capitalism ? 
  no , we should always strive to emancipate ourselves from ignorance . 
  how did he inspire them ? 
  what 's wrong with being a marxist ? 
  no you are huns, 
  this is offensive pls delet, 
  damn the 70 's were weird . 
  wait . 
  are the boots attached to the pants ? 
  i 'm sorry for your loss, 
  that 's a big dog, 
  is this a big joke to you ? 
  not to me : kekkonen killed my hamster . 
  is that last pic real, 
  fins lost their horses , so no danger anymore . 
  because you are . 
  kekkonen was basically the genghis khan of the 20th century . 
   something has gone seriously wrong in the uk what ? 
  they 've always been fairly eurosceptic . 
  that 's quite the classist statement , buddy . 
  antifa is against fascism , which means they are the good guys !!, 
   should n't marxists be the biggest fans of capitalism then ? 
  well , they do n't have to be fans . 
  but marxists definitely appreciate how effective capitalism has been in creating certain infrastructures . 
  marx himself praised capitalism for that , but he also saw many faults in capitalism . 
   in fact , it were rather underdevelopped countries like russia and china , that had barely left feudalism , that went communist . 
  you raise an interesting point . 
  it is indeed so that marx predicted that socialist revolutions would happen in industrialized countries first . 
  he was eventually proven wrong , with socialist revolutions happening in agrarian nations . 
  however , it is important to note that those countries were not communist . 
  a communist society is , as marxists envision it , a stateless , classless , moneyless , and generally unoppresive society . 
  also , how is that / r/badhistory from mr. marx ? 
  are you saying feudal societies did not evolve into industrial societies ? 
   anarcho-communism marx rejected that based on his belief in dialectical materialism . 
  he simply did not agree that workers can just overthrow capitalism if they just organize . 
   lenin lenin 's ideas were directly inspired by marx . 
   a child of his time i fully agree . 
  but his works are the basis of marxist thought , and thus should be read by anyone who is even remotely interested in socialism . 
  okay here it goes . 
  this will probably blow your mind : according to marx , communism is not something that is implemented , or that `` works '' . 
  in his view , capitalist societies naturally evolve into communist societies , much like feudal societies naturally evolved into capitalist/industrial societies . 
  marx most likely would have been a staunch critic of the ussr and its practices . 
  do some reading comprehension classes , fam . 
  no , i am telling him to read marx because he clearly does n't understand marxist theory . 
  imagine someone saying `` hagrid is a meanie for scarring harry potter ! '', 
  you 'd respond to that by saying `` read the books '' . 
  read . 
  i happen to work in the fairy tale business , sir . 
  your comment offends me . 
  neither do i. i read their works . 
  read marx, 
  imagine being a whiny liberal like you ... my god . 
   he meant ussr bolsheivik-communism , not la-la land marx and fairies communism . 
  read a book . 
   both are pro-socialism nazis were n't . 
  read a book . 
   both are very nationalistic commies were n't . 
  read a book . 
  overall : read a book . 
   liberalism redistributes poorness . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  is that some sort of deep poetry ? 
  liberals redistribute poorness ... making the poorest less poor and the richest more poor ? 
  i did n't say ideology was not important at all . 
  i merely suggested it was not the most important thing . 
  perhaps it is the most important thing , but then it still is n't the only thing to be taken into account . 
  you also say that back in the 30s most german parties had paramilitary wings . 
  that is exactly my point . 
  those were more volatile times wherein lots of dangerous stuff was already happening and was about to happen . 
  the current situation is incomparable . 
  finally you say they are using similar rhetoric . 
  really ? 
  fn is blaming france 's biggest failures on a distinct group of foreigners ? 
  beside that i would still posit that the ideologies of the nsdap and fn are in many ways dissimilar . 
  yes but ideology is n't the most important thing . 
  these times are not as volatile as the 1930 's were . 
  also , the fn do n't have a paramilitary wing in the form of the sa or ss . 
  comparing fn to nsdap is ridiculous . 
  i mean , a lot of them at least . 
  [ the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_february_1974 ) . 
  i know one , the usa .
