  even if economically they are technically leftist , they do n't know fuck about social liberalism . 
  this entire fiasco exposes some of the origins of why parts of the west reacted so strongly in a right-wing sense to the ussr . 
  either way , commies do n't do liberal too well, 
  leave it to russian government figures and their supporters to act like sexist , homophobic , and generally uncultured pieces of shit in their most public fora . 
  actually , the only russians , period , that i have ever run into that have n't been sexist , homophobic , and generally uncultured or at most generous off in the head have been people on reddit . 
  investing in eastern poland !, 
  as a liberal i 'm just kind of giggling at the idiocy of both the russians and the actual ukrainian fascists . 
  russia seems to have missed the probability that once ukraine 's sovereignty is preserved , assuming it is preserved , that the liberals will turn on the fascists . 
  which is just another reason i support ukrainian sovereignty and oppose the breakaway of crimea - because russia ca n't do it without lying . 
  come on , crimean russians ca n't be this stupid ... 
  this ( probably ) means war, 
  probably the overwhelmingly virginal too . 
  us person who lives near maryland here . 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  poland may not into space , but lithuania can into space jam . 
  the more liberal side will always have the edge in humor . 
  well , this is going to go well / s, 
  notice how they do n't specify a gender . 
  so much for finland and denmark being the pinnacles of liberalism . 
  ` if you 're not with me , you 're against me ! ', 
  russia and the right sector have the nuance of two spheres . 
  satire , i take it . 
  unless they 're genuinely bashing feminism , in which case , fuck 'em . 
  apparently this is an ad for a movie , so i 'm bending toward satire . 
  edit : yup , satire . 
  does a good job of painting eastern european women as trashy and self-sabotaging . 
  oh please , if you 've ever met a goddamn working class person they 're usually squished into that role . 
  i 'm related to several . 
  they are all miserable because they never got an education . 
  have you ever met a physician or a scientist or someone closer to the top of society ? 
  this ` given role ' shit is bullshit and society is better for it . 
  allowing men to dominate at the expense of women - men being able to have their cake and eat it too while women are pushed down - is fucking nonsensical . 
  why ca n't women have their cake and eat it too while men get their dreams trampled on , or better yet , everyone has equal opportunities ? 
  well , they do , thankfully . 
  and what 's so wrong with gay people not producing children ? 
  you clearly see no problem with infertile heterosexuals getting married . 
  are you just miserable at your job and resentful of those of us who like what we do and are good at it ? 
  you know , maybe i should counter you stupid sexist pieces of shit with this idea : you impregnate , you raise the consequences , since none of it happened without your penis getting into the situation ( and i would wager a lot of pregnancies where conservatives are involved occur due to marital rape anyway ) . 
  conservative males should n't get to have their cake and eat it - or in this case , have both their dreams and their family too . 
  you like to talk about responsibility , right ? 
  conservative males should take on the responsibility of being home and raising children for the pitiful dumbshits who for some reason married them , since their penis decided to intrude . 
  there 's a difference between people who get out of the working class and people who stay there . 
  uneducated rural people are fucking idiots because they have a surface observation of animals and nature biased by their own upbringing without any attempts to control for objectivity and their own emotional idiocy . 
  put a couple of them in a molecular biology lab and see how they do . 
  as a biologist myself , i wager they 'd fuck up bad , considering most of them are creationists . 
  how many of them understand photosynthesis ? 
  development ? 
  do they understand the deposition of rock strata ? 
  that women perform equally to men when not attacked beforehand with stereotype threat or when put in an environment generally free of outside influence ? 
  that more than 50 % of children in the world are unplanned ? 
  that feminist , egalitarian couples are happier and stay married longer and that children from smaller families are more successful ? 
  that families where both people work earn more and enjoy better quality of life ? 
  that poor people are miserable ? 
  fuck no . 
  ` common sense ' is not sense at all anyway . 
  you 've probably never seen the inside of a college yourself , you stupid gob , else you 'd understand that we leftists have the edge on reality and that your thoughts about the world are n't supported by empirical experimentation . 
  which you do n't understand because statistics and the like escape your anti-intellectual pea brain . 
  quit worshipping at the altar of the poverty-ridden anti-intellectual . 
  ` normalcy ' , ` structure and purpose ' , lol - let 's be honest , poor people have less structure and purpose in their lives than more enterprising , better educated folk with a plan . 
  i 'll tell you what raises the birth rate : people having space in their lives to have wanted children . 
  do you want this high birth rate to be full of unwanted , poor children ? 
  quantity but no quality ? 
  yes , that 's what you shitholes want : more brainwashable voters . 
  and why give a fuck about the birth rate anyway unless you 're a power-hungry piece of shit ? 
  working class people in rural areas are usually uneducated shitbags . 
  ask them anything moderately complicated about the universe , about economics , etc - they do n't have a damn clue . 
  all they care about is their little immediate area . 
  not society at large . 
  and checking your post history , you 're an unempathetic , narrowly-thinking moron with a pastoralist , un-nuanced , fallacy-ridden , unrealistic the-past-was-so-much-better mindset so indicative of conservatives everywhere who forgot what the past was actually like - clearly you 've never been either a woman , a gay person , or a racial minority , so you 've just been resting on your laurels and coasting by in a society that used to cater to you at the expense of these other groups and now you 're getting uppity because your entitled ass ca n't fathom now having to compete on level ground . 
  i hope , someday , that it is technologically possible for some woman to get you pregnant and put you in the kitchen . 
  you deserve to be imprisoned there . 
  until then , go eat shit and iron my skirt suit . 
  the report has forgotten that large majorities around the world are uneducated dipshits . 
  christ , i knew it - russians are fucking disgusting !, 
   but pointing out bluntly that gypsies are the real future of this country ( if current trends will continue ) did it . 
  i think your assumption that this was the motive instead of a way for romani to show pride in their country ( it mentions that people often emblazon their town name on the czech flag ) says a lot about your opinions . 
  `` the price of votes , in our opinion , has become highly standardized , and this is against the rules of the free market . '', 
  itt : french people who hatez le joos and homosexuel ( le ) s and gypsies , aimez le shakeups , and ne c'est pas know what ze baiser long-term thinking and actually investigating a party 's platform and motivations is , they just want to protest and act like angry fucks . 
  i mean , shit , you people like to make fun of the usa ? 
  you have half the university education rate . 
  ` murica , y u no math . 
  clearly , they are somewhat ashamed of their extremism . 
  low-class peckerwoods gon na low-class peckerwood . 
  are the uneducateds getting uppity again ? 
  ten bucks says it 's mostly composed of russia 's many alcoholic drug-using young adults . 
  no penises for gambian imams . 
  actually , can we just nuke the whole sahara from orbit ? 
  actually , the average ivan is what 's influencing the kremlin to act like a bunch of shitheads , particularly about gay rights . 
  slavic countries . 
  i am half-polish . 
  do not like most full-blooded poles or other full slavs i have ever met . 
  rather backward , machismo-ridden , right-wing folk . 
  because anti-gay people are pricks . 
  checked your post history , you 're an anti-gay balkan machismo-ridden knuckledragger who does n't like gay marriage or gay adoption because it makes you go ` icky ! ', 
  just the same way other cave dwelling slavic males tend to do , and speaking as a half-slav myself the vast majority of slav males are goddamn stupid knuckledragging cave dwellers who have a deep and abiding insecurity about being seen as ` manly ' , whatever the fuck that is , even though it makes them look retarded . 
  go jump off a bridge , bitch . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  even people without intersex genitals sometimes do n't have a gender identity that squares with their sex . 
  my point is that a knowledge of what occurs in a given population might help inform parents of what they might expect down the line . 
  i said chromosomal , not genital .
