  in conclusion : as a member of the neuroscientific community , i invite you to go fuck yourself with a splintery two-by-four . 
  i 'm going to take a shot in the dark and claim that this is highly , highly unlikely , given my educational background . 
  i am graduating in five weeks with a 3.71 gpa , the equivalent of a uk first class honours degree , in biology , and i 'm aware that this is very much a minimum benchmark and there 's a necessity for things like , oh , giving a shit about being generally literate and aware , which i think i do , but that is a concrete piece of evidence i can give you . 
  now my claim is beyond a certain point pretty speculative , of course . 
  but there you go . 
  anyway , i guess the point i 'm trying to make by stating this is that no , not everybody is on even footing and survey questions generally do n't get super complicated . 
  usually because they 're idiots . 
  some gems from the report , and i 'm an american :  young americans show weak performance with regard to the middle east and asia . 
  despite the countries almost daily presence in the news and the potential impact of current conflicts on everyone 's lives , only one in seven can find iraq ( 13 % ) or iran ( 13 % ) on a map of middle east/asia . 
  on average , fewer than one-fifth of all young adults worldwide could identify iraq on a middle east/asia map . 
  worldwide , young adults performance in locating israel was very weak across the board . 
  in no country could even half of young adults surveyed locate israel on a middle east/asia map ; on average , fewer than one-fourth of respondents could locate it , including only 14 % of young americans . 
  by contrast , ** more young americans ( 34 % ) could determine that the island used for the last season of the television show survivor is in the south pacific ** . 
  while the majority of young americans ( 58 % ) knew that the taliban and al qaeda are based in afghanistan , they were the least likely of all young adults surveyed to get this question correct . 
  moreover , just 17 % could find afghanistan on a world map . 
  too much entertainment , not enough news . 
   a majority of young americans grossly overstated the u.s. population . 
  in fact , ** close to one-third ( 30 % ) said that the u.s. has 1 to 2 billion people , or roughly one-third of the world 's population ** . 
  only one-fourth of american young adults ( 25 % ) correctly identified the u.s. population as falling within the range of 150 to 350 million . 
  respondents in all other countries were better able to identify the u.s. population than are young americans . 
   young adults around the world showed only limited knowledge of geography in the context of some nuclear weapons issues . 
  overall , ** just 23 % of young adults surveyed could name four countries that officially acknowledge having nuclear weapons . 
  a sizable minority of young adults in france ( 24 % ) did not name their own country as officially acknowledging that it possesses nuclear weapons ** . 
  young adults worldwide are not well informed about global population issues , which affect , among other things , global food and energy consumption . 
  with the exception of sweden , ** only four in ten or fewer young adults in all countries surveyed correctly named china and india as the countries with more than one billion people ** . 
  most nations had a clear sense of the size of their country 's population in relation to the rest of the world . 
  in all countries except the u.s. and mexico , a majority of respondents -- in some cases a large majority -- could identify their country 's population . 
  further , ** young adults outside the u.s. knew the size of the u.s. population better than did young americans ** . 
   ... despite the potentially serious nuclear consequences of the conflict over kashmir , 64 % of young americans did not know that india and pakistan are the two countries clashing over that region . 
  ... young adults in the u.s. showed relatively little ability to find places on maps of europe , middle east/asia , or the world -- or even the united states . 
  although performance was generally better in other countries , it was not overwhelmingly strong . 
  ** when asked to identify 12 countries on a map of europe , the average young american could locate only about 3 , compared to their counterparts in the other countries surveyed , who could locate an average of 5 . 
  only one european country -- italy , with its geographically distinct boot -- was correctly spotted by a majority of young americans ( 64 % ) . 
  just 37 % could find england , despite the fact that great britain is the united states ' closest political ally ** . 
   ... map skills were not particularly strong among young adults worldwide . 
  ** only young adults in sweden , germany , and italy correctly identified at least 75 % of the locations on the world map portion of the quiz . 
  despite sharing a 355 mile border with the netherlands , however , 30 % of germans could n't identify it on a map of europe . 
  ** as if this was n't bad enough  ** a sizable proportion could not find the world 's largest body of water , the pacific ocean -- even in countries that border it . 
  in japan and canada , nearly one-fifth ( 16 % and 17 % , respectively ) could not locate the pacific ; in the u.s. , nearly three in ten ( 29 % ) could not find it . 
  ** we got some people need shootin ' . 
   at home , young americans performance was only slightly better than their worldwide performance . 
  of ten u.s. states asked about on the quiz , only two -- california ( 89 % ) and texas ( 89 % ) -- were correctly identified by a large majority . 
  just half could find new york ( 51 % ) , one of the nation 's most populous states , and pennsylvania ( 49 % ) ; only one-third ( 30 % ) could locate new jersey . 
  ** on average , young adults in other countries in the study were better able to locate other european countries than american young adults were to locate u.s. states ** . 
   with a few exceptions , countries where young adults had a well-rounded diet of media sources generally performed better on the survey . 
  young people internationally reported making more varied use of media to keep up with current events than did those in the u.s. 
  in top-performing countries such as sweden and germany , young people consumed international news through multiple sources . 
  although television was the predominant source for news among respondents in all countries , respondents in these nations reported using newspapers , radio , magazines , and the internet to keep up with world current events far more frequently than did americans . 
  like their international counterparts , ** eight in ten young americans ( 82 % ) reported that they keep up with current events around the world by watching television ** -- either network ( 50 % ) and/or cable ( 43 % ) . 
  however , just 38 % get world news from newspapers , 13 % from the radio , and 10 % from magazines , compared to an average of 53 % , 35 % , and 23 % , respectively , in other countries surveyed . 
  despite the prominence of the internet , ** american young adults do not turn to their desktops for world news as much as their counterparts in other countries do . 
  just 11 % of young adults in the u.s. reported using the internet to keep up with current events around the world , compared to 25 % in other countries studied ** . 
  it 's like american ` religious freedom ' : ` we want to be free to oppress others . ', 
  it seems like our rednecks are just marginally less nutty than your rednecks . 
  why is right-wing extremism so goddamn popular in europe ? 
  cysta , you 're probably an atheist , you do n't have an excuse to be a homophobic racist , you shit-gobbling tardbag, 
  that 's the oldest fucking rhetoric in the russian playbook . 
  the historical enlightenment is ours , nekulturnik . 
  you know , the freedom of speech and consideration of things like facts in our formulation of policies and not hating on entire groups of people like gays and minorities . 
  but go ahead , be a chest-beating testosterone-overdosing mentally deficient protohuman ivan gorillov . 
  explain why multiculturalism threatens this and why cultural preservation pro se is such a good thing when there are many extremely shitty cultural practices across many cultures ? 
  putin the horrible . 
   lack of world outlook and imposition of alien values , including by means of pseudo art , leads to mental distress , which is manifested through the increase in crime , alcoholism , drug addiction , through the increase in the number of suicides and abandoned children 's parents , through the increase of morbidity and mortality [ ... ] hey , russia - cite, 
  it 's not just that they have racist or sexist or homophobic opinions ; they actually assimilate this hatred as part of their identity . 
  for example , part of my identity is that i strive to be an individual who forms their worldview based on empirical evidence and i am socially liberal in outlook . 
  it follows from that that i do n't generally commit the ecological fallacy by assuming , for example , that just because huge numbers of individuals of arab descent in europe think gays should be punished with death , that every person of arab descent thinks that , and that it is somehow linked to their genes and not a defective culture which not all of them are part of . 
  but that 's an opinion i hold which flows from my identity , not part of my identity itself . 
  something tells me there are no organizations of jews that actually want to plunder hungary or enslave us goys and shiksas . 
  i have known plenty of jews and while they have run the gamut from my entirely sane roommate from the summer of 2012 to the neurosis-ridden aspergery idiot i broke up with a while ago , i do n't think any of them have a world-conquering impulse . 
  this is the kind of shit you expect from a teenager , but then again you 've got a whole bunch of adults that do this . 
  szegedi and his ilk are such immature little shits , only ceasing their hatred when it turns out they are the very thing they hate . 
  extremists are children given the tools of adults , and you know what happens when you give an eleven-year-old a chainsaw . 
  good old eastern european tiny-minded machismo, 
  i 'm continually disappointed by how many humans , even how many liberals , ca n't handle nuance or uncertainty . 
  it 's the perfect ideology for primitive , uncivilized morons . 
  now you really ca n't into space, 
  how do you say ` piece-of-shit backward anti-semitic fascist misogynist homophobic nuance-free xenophobic neurosis-ridden uptight sexually and emotionally and mentally repressed knuckledragging tribalist apes ' in french ? 
  you know , when you ally with far right parties , you 're * generally * on the wrong side of history . 
  edit : lol i upset some fascist knuckledraggers who have now downvoted my post history , 
  notice how these things always happen in impoverished regions of the world where the education level is n't terribly high and the frequency of these alleged events has dropped off post-industrialization ? 
  pareidolia and human sensory systems are a doozie . 
  i thought it was texas , for a moment . 
  ohio is boring . 
  they do n't know about it ? 
  with that state 's huge ego ? 
  maybe that 's why they hate gay people so much - they 're so envious of being out-fabuloused . 
  canada 's getting jealous that you 're out-sorrying them . 
  clearly , your ethnicity is all you have to be proud of . 
  i did say 60 % . 
  not all . 
  the statistics are right there . 
  if you ask , i do n't like most americans either . 
  that 'll sure be effective for implementing what you want to do . 
  this is fucking sad . 
  i have also developed a newfound disgust for about 90 % of eastern europeans . 
  edit : adjusting that number to about 60 % after looking at statistics : http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/12/12/eastern-and-western-europe-divided-over-gay-marriage-homosexuality/, 
  surely - surely - the breeding program rules could have been changed , and they can do some choice sterilizations ? 
  the only thing * you * have to be proud of is your country . 
   most importantly : this was a massacre of polish officers , engineers , scientists , teachers , businessmen - in general : polish elite of that era . 
  that 's why poles find it very difficult to forget about it .
