  they have some huge shoes to fill . 
  now if they made her , ani lorak , or ruslana ( or alternatively verka serduchka ) sing it and had backing dancers and a good backdrop , it might top the charts . 
  what did ? 
  i 'm still debating whether it 's a good idea to move to britain after i finish my phd . 
  but i do n't know if the money 's better , whether a major war with russia may be around the bend ( and i 'll probably get derided for this , but putin 's done a handful of things that people on reddit swore he would not do - never assume that a person is a completely rational actor ) , and whether i 'm just going to get as pissed off with people there as i am here ( i 'm a big-d democrat and a small-r republican , think the rigidity of british class is ridiculous being that my parents clambered up to the upper middle class from the working class , and am morally opposed to state religions ) . 
  if i ever move to europe , now i know that i 'd probably be voting for mostly socialists with some lib dems and greens thrown in . 
  i agree least , of course , with the far-right nuts . 
  ireland has separation of religions and state , does it not ? 
  i said the west , which is mostly white . 
  yes , i am aware that my own country 's president is black . 
  i wonder if the world 's muslim countries are heaving a collective sigh that the west finally has an enemy with the same amount of melanin . 
  this sounds for all the world like a foreign ethnic group carousel of sorts . 
  first it was the jews , now it 's middle easterners from majority muslim cultures . 
  i predict the chinese will be next . 
  europe , you are so lulzy with your ethnic nation states . 
  anyway , i thought you guys had wised up since 1956 . 
  you 're supposed to be fighting your political battles using the eurovision song contest . 
  judging by the current odds , ukraine is winning the crimean conflict , armenia 's going to get nagorno-karabakh back , the uk 's going to keep northern ireland , fyrom ca n't even have the m anymore , and the baltic states , south ossetia , and abkhazia are going to rejoin the ussr . 
  `` education '' . 
  as someone about to finish university , to call anything less ` tertiary education ' is a travesty . 
   is what the united states does all of the time , but that is n't open for criticism or comparison , is it ? 
  because you 're a hypocrite . 
  and all of the things you name have some rational in realpolitik behind them with russia , whereas with the us it is purely power mad . 
  also , the us 's supposed ` power madness ' would n't have been triggered had there not been three planes flying into things in september of 2011 . 
  we do n't go up in arms unless provoked . 
  russia 's actions are no more realpolitik than any other country 's . 
   no dissenting media ? 
  the states does n't have any journalism . 
  they have fox this is how i can tell you do n't know shit about america , and i 'm a fucking american . 
  fox is watched by a shrinking minority . 
   engaged in real full scale invasions of other countries , blowing up innocent people with drones , guilty people ? 
  who knows . 
  murdering chechens who are n't affiliated with the terror movement , feeding polonium to journalists , running gulags , having prisons that make the us 's angola look like a swedish prison , harboring a right wing that makes our right wing look like a bunch of hippies , silencing lgbt russians ? 
  who knows , nekulturnik, 
  we 're allowed to protest the government , we do n't shit on gay people to near as much an extent and are on the whole significantly more socially liberal , we prefer democracy to authoritarianism , our government is n't in bed with the majority religion ( nor do we have an official religion ) , not all of our media is controlled by the state , we generally do n't imprison people for the mere act of opposition , and we steal your scientists all the time , 
  sucking westernized , non-authoritarian , far-less-prejudiced , modernized cock ? 
  i 'm surprised you have a problem with that . 
   some must 've stayed behind , turned into scythians or sarmatians , and then have been absorbed by the slavs at a later point . 
  this most likely does not account for more than a small percentage of russians . 
  last i heard russians were descendants of vikings . 
   you 've just provided opinions not evidence . 
  citations that contain speculations on author 's part . 
  statements such as `` male and female brain are equal '' can not be proved oh god you 're a statistical illiterate too besides being a hick-shit scientific illiterate ( ever heard of reproducibility ? 
  peer review ? 
  do you understand these procedures at all ? 
  do you understand what the fuck a research article is ? 
  were you fucking even there ? 
  this is shit they teach in some degree to even high school kids , at least here in the states ) - know how i know you have n't set foot on a university campus and are probably some retarded neo-nazi in a dingy-ass apartment in the middle of bum fuck vojvodina who i 'm surprised can even afford a computer ? 
   we can only compare the differences , which indeed exist again , says who ? 
  scientists ? 
  like the ones whose studies you 're dismissing out of hand ? 
  not eat enough potato today , drink it all for vodka ? 
   the problem with western `` practicing neuro-scientists '' is that they 're too afraid to speak the uncomfortable truths . 
  i mean , everyone but a complete idiot realizes if brain size had nothing to do with intelligence , that woman 's brain would then be more efficient than man 's , which is impossible due to evolutionary pressures on the most expensive organ in the human body . 
  chinese are not afraid to experiment with intelligence and genes , and take over the prejudiced west who is rendered afraid by petty ethical dilemmas and inconvenient truths which could destabilize the pillars of society , namely the `` equality in ability '' lie . 
   the problem is that those meta-analysis and your original quote do n't really prove anything . 
  they just speculate that controlling for some unknown factor differences could theoretically be explained as nurture and not nature . 
  pathetic excuses . 
   those are different species . 
  human brain is the pinnacle of evolution of life on earth . 
  says who ? 
  i have produced evidence . 
  you have not . 
  you 're just making up shit that sounds like it makes sense to your prescientific little brain . 
  it 's rank rationalism without empiricism . 
  go ahead , tell me the sun revolves around the earth too or that fossils are put there by jebus to test us . 
  nekulturnik , you 've just taken a headlong dive off the deep end beyond ` wrong ' and into ` out of your fucking tiny australopithecine mind ' . 
  and why do you believe some ( outdated , overturned - no practicing neuroscientist thinks the absolute size of a brain has shit to do with intelligence ) scientific studies and not others , and completely ignore meta-analyses ? 
  never mind the fact that by your logic , since dolphins and whales and elephants have larger brains , dolphins and whales and elephants clearly would dwarf us in intelligence , and i 'm not sure why you 're not bowing down to your perceived cetacean overlords . 
  you 're like global warming deniers and the religious : you selectively believe some shit and not others . 
  and your credibility went out the window when you mentioned ` cultural marxism ' , whatever the fuck that means . 
  yup , you 're a mouth-frothing working class lunkhead ivan ivanov and you 're the cretin who has no grasp of reality . 
  go back to watching rossiya 1 . 
  i know the study on which verma was an author well ( ingalhalikar et al. 
  2013 , pnas http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2013/11/27/1316909110 ) . 
  i have had to do an in-depth analysis of it . 
  there are a number of factors the study does not take into account , and a number of relevant criticisms . 
  the first criticism stems from controlling for size ; connection length is negatively correlated with connectivity , and men 's brains are larger in an absolute sense ( not in a relative sense ) than women 's . 
  the corpus callosum is also smaller in larger brains , regardless of sex . 
  re-running the analysis with the addition of controlling for brain volume might address this issue . 
  other variables do not seem to have been controlled for -- socioeconomic status , education , and iq , all of which may exert an effect on connectivity . 
  the authors also appear to have a bias toward ` left ' and ` right ' brain thinking , which has itself been disavowed by michael gazzaniga , one of the initial theorizers of the functionally ` split ' brain . 
  women 's brains are also only ten percent smaller in an absolute sense . 
  the relevant factor is brain-to-body-mass ratio , which is pretty much equal . 
  notably , one bit of data that contradicts your idea that women can not be good engineers or content creators or scientists is the great amount of frontal connectivity in women . 
  the frontal lobe is associated with higher-level cognition and critical thinking . 
  women , therefore , by your logic , would actually be better at this !, 
  but no , there is more nuance to all of this stuff than your tiny brain can handle and the best science on the matter says that there is no significant difference that is not mostly probably significantly influenced by sociocultural influence . 
  there is a follow-up publication in pnas in 2014 : http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2014/01/29/1323319111.extract likewise , the penn behavior study could not have possibly filtered out sociocultural influence . 
  you 're still a retard . 
  why am i not surprised your user name is distinctly balkan-slavic ? 
  it 's as if you 're a walking stereotype of an eastern european male - knuckledragging right-wing gorilla who 's full of too much slav stronk and not enough brain . 
  you 're not a person , you 're a caricature . 
  as someone with a copy of purves neuroscience 5th edition on hand , let me quote from chapter 30 , page 691 :  aside from conventional wisdom ( or prejudice ) that boys or girls and/or men and women have greater aptitudes for , or interest in , certain tasks , there is little scientific evidence that the cognitive abilities of men and women differ in ways that correlate strictly with either genotypic or phenotypic sex . 
  many apparent sex differences in cognitive tasks such as language , learning , memory , or visuospatial ability reflect influences not directly related to genetically established sexual dimorphisms . 
  thus , statistically significant differences in the performance of men and women on a variety of tasks are at least as likely to represent social or cultural influences that result in different patterns of learned behavior , and the relationship of these behaviors to genotypic or phenotypic sex is uncertain . 
  it is basically impossible to say if such influences were applied equally to both sexes , equality in performance of the tasks would not be seen . 
   the issue of brain structural differences beyond those in the spinal cord and hypothalamus has proven even more difficult to evaluate . 
  post mortem as well as structural mri analyses suggest that several structures ( including cerebral commissures like the corpus callosum and anterior commissure , nuclei like the amygdala , and a number of cortical regions ) may differ in size or shape in men and women . 
  many of the relevant anatomical studies , however , are complicated by small samples and highly derived analyses that reveal only small differences in size and shape , and often are not replicated in additional independent samples .
