this is the point where i begin to suspect that you 're brain damaged . 
  given the overwhelming sentiment about men 's rights and trp , most of reddit , on the other hand , probably agrees with me that you are brain damaged - which is probably why you 're an uneducated knuckledragger . 
  if you hate education so much , do n't go to the doctor or use your computer again . 
  your physician went to university and alan turing went there too . 
  people from both the left and right do n't get this , sadly . 
  the left screams racism at everybody making this argument , regardless of whether they 're actually in these immigrant ethnic groups . 
  the right screams ` go away and suicide bomb your own people sand niggers ' at the young immigrants . 
  i 'm a liberal but i do n't reserve my patience for stupid and violent . 
  edit : i wonder when / r/europe 's coterie of far-right and far-left mouthbreathers , especially the ones who hate higher education ( they should probably never see a physician , then - physicians have bachelor 's degrees and more - or drive a car , or for that matter be on a computer , which was invented by people with university educations !, 
  ) , is going to see this . 
  they 've been breathing down my neck all afternoon , the freaks . 
  i 'm sorry , what was that ? 
  `` i hate anybody who does n't look like me regardless of what they actually think and i 'm a big old knuckledragging australopithecine ? '', 
  if so , your self-assessment is correct . 
   everyone hates eachother no , not really . 
  at least that 's not my experience . 
  your reading comprehension ai n't so good if you 've derived that i 'm a racist . 
  you are , however , correct that i think people without bachelor 's degrees are stupid mongrels , so i 'll give you that . 
   looked up wikipedia to fix your mistake presumably . 
  no , i just have a fucking clue about human biology whereas you do n't . 
  anyway , dumbfuck , if you hate education so much , do n't go to a doctor 's office . 
  they , like i , went to uni . 
  for that matter , do n't use a computer or a car . 
  go to some poor third-world country if you want any part of it untouched by people with a fucking brain . 
  it 's you again !, 
  you 've come to defend your silly idea that people get to be assholes if they 're not westerners , i see . 
  once the flynn effect does a little more work and the economy gets better . 
   `` the average arab male is a knuckle-dragging subhuman mongrel . '', 
  average . 
  not all . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't actually pay attention to anything and assume that literally every arab male is a paragon of niceness . 
   `` fuck you , overly stereotypically feminine women . 
  [ ... ] you doormat submissive whiny chirpy fuckface housewife baby-cannon walking vaginas are a stain on the gender and serve as a thorn in the side of competent women . '', 
  do you masturbate to sarah palin and beating women in general ? 
   that explains why you 're whining so much about evil straight men stopping you from succeeding i was n't talking about myself , you fool . 
   despite showing no signs of it whatsoever . 
  hey , you 're the one knocking education . 
  you show perhaps the clearest sign of it in the world . 
  nice one-day-old account there , bub . 
  you 're a fucking coward . 
   you barbarians still cutting off the dicks off children claiming it 's more hygienic ? 
  i do n't support it . 
  it 's the foreskin , not the entire penis , anyway . 
  since you did n't take developmental biology much less any kind of upper-level science , let me tell you that the foreskin is developmentally analogous to the clitoral hood , whereas the clitoris is analogous to the entire penis . 
  if you think it 's not such a bad thing , i 'll supply the knife for you to test it out . 
  i have to warn you , though , no backsies . 
  edit : you deleted your comment , coward . 
  here 's my reply to it :  got desperate enough to start checking the account history did you ? 
  it indicates that you 're too much of a coward to use your main . 
   not only can you not make analogues like that , both being biologically distinct except they 're homologues . 
  see what i did there ? 
   cliterectomy is mostly centered around the african islamic communities in for example sudan . 
  egypt is second to somalia in its mutilation ( something like 70 % of women are victims of it ) , and it also happens in african christian communities in , for example , kenya ( among the maasai ) and burkina faso . 
  if that 's what you believe about socialists and racism , i 'm going to have to tell you you 're probably not anywhere left of far right . 
  nice one-day-old account you got going there , skippy edit : notice how you 're using a computer that was invented by people with a college education ? 
  for that matter , you had better not go to a doctor 's office again . 
  the internet does n't transmit sarcasm well , i guess . 
  it 's hard to tell anymore . 
   so you got your way paid for by mommy and daddy and now you think everyone else is in a similar situation ? 
  yes , and i 'm grateful . 
  however , i have also had to pay vastly less than most since i went to a very inexpensive in-state school after transferring from a two-year college and am graduating without student loans . 
  i also got a shit-ton of merit aid from the state which actually paid for a good portion of it . 
   you must have been hardcore projecting when you were going on about the job market . 
  i have a sense of empathy . 
  you do n't , i guess , because you ca n't understand how it works . 
   interesting how you went from `` people who ca n't hack it '' to claiming this yes , people are capable of being idiots who ca n't hack it , no matter what social class they come from . 
  you 're an example . 
   is that something you 've actually seen happen or something you made up to rationalize away the low number of them in either ? 
  we get idiots all the time who say women should n't even be in college . 
  anyway , the number is growing steadily . 
   as opposed to you calling arab men `` knuckle-dragging subhuman mongrels '' let me know when most of them stop whacking their daughters ' clitorises off and being assholes to pretty much anybody who 's female , gay , or not arab or white . 
  also , nice hypocrisy about slagging me for dredging up your comment history while dredging up my own . 
   and here you are acting every bit as bad as them . 
  given this entire argument and how these people actually act , this is comparing a small pile of rocks to a giant pile of shit . 
  funny , i thought socialists were supposed to embrace people who were n't the same skin color as they were . 
  sounds like i was wrong . 
  socialists are racists and sexists . 
  edit : aaaand you post to the men 's rights reddit . 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  you 're probably lying about being anywhere left of conservative . 
  you have inadvertently called the working class a pack of far-right assholes , good job edit : and lol , your account is one day old . 
  you ca n't even post under your main ? 
  same values , who gives a shit ( and last i checked , the edl ca n't make up their fucking minds on gay people : http://politicalscrapbook.net/2010/12/edl-terry-jones-visit/ ) . 
  go back to wharrgarbling about hating jews or something . 
   the guy 's a racist , sexist and classist 1 ) since when is having a problem with various cultures ' inhuman practices , including my own , racist ? 
  i did n't know non-westerners suddenly got a pass to be assholes . 
  2 ) you 're not so good at reading comprehension dude . 
  also , in response to your quote up there , i 'm a woman myself . 
  i just hate conservative women because they 're fucking brainless doe-eyed doormats who try to fuck up everything for the rest of us vagina-havers . 
  3 ) if the fact that i value education , the life of the mind , and bettering oneself is classist , then i 'll take that as a compliment . 
   because college is free and every person ever should go to university regarding of their personal situations and inclination towards academia . 
  of course all people in academia are superior intellectuals \u2122 , tons of them are n't abject retards the second they step out of their comfort zone . 
  mom worked her way through and did n't do stupid shit like get pregnant before she planned it , and dad paid for it by serving in vietnam . 
  and yes , everyone should go unless they 're too much of a moron to hack it . 
  i 've asked people at several times what they meant when they referred to ` people who should n't go to university ' . 
  it turned out they usually meant people who were bereft of brains or impulse control and could n't hack anything more complicated than manual labor . 
  how 's that for your soft bigotry of low expectations ? 
   the views you 've adopted itt of tumblr - `` leftist '' rethoric , classism , sexism and racial hatred are of course all common hallmarks of the intelligensia and not those of the scum in society . 
  i see you 've probably never met a working-class person either . 
  our fundamentalist churches are full of them .
