  it has one goal , one symbol , and one thought : identity . 
    it is the current of our generation . 
  it represents european youth . 
  a youth that wants the one thing that the ideology of the ' 68ers ca n't give it : a future ... it is taking form and proclaiming the end of the era of the ' 68ers , a new epoch , the age of a new generation : generation identity . 
   the book is shot through with a powerful sense of urgency too . 
  throughout , willinger stresses warfare is needed if this new era is to be born . 
  so this is a fight for a new society , one that will overturn the decadent wreckage of the woolly liberalism and marxism of the ' 68ers . 
   unsurprisingly given the name of the movement perhaps , the theme of identity is used to analyse a wide range of topics , from history to economics . 
  yet at each turn , willinger diagnoses the same phenomenon : current elites are letting down a sense of traditional identity and need to be overturned . 
  injustice surrounding the recent economic disaster looms large in this analysis , suggesting that it has taken away job opportunities for the emerging generation , but has not punished an older generation who remain secure in their positions . 
  meanwhile , telling discussions on gender promote a return to clear male and female gender identities , and he decries the promotion of gay marriages , ` alliances of queers and transvestites , the union of nothingness ' . 
   ** so he is a homophobe but is he racist ? 
  **  in a word , yes . 
  but the language of generation identity also adopts the classic positioning of ` differentialist racism ' . 
  this framing of racism claims that those who promote multiculturalism are destroying people 's true identities by blurring all cultures into one , while those who decry it are the true respecters of cultural and racial difference . 
  yet at bottom , such views tend to develop a sense of white victimhood and call for some form of repatriation of non-whites from europe typical of fascist racism . 
   indeed , willinger is quick to claim that he and his movement are not racists , and can even be seen as defending the purity of other identities in a way that multiculturalism fails to do . 
  yet there is little original in such attempts at inverting the charge of racism to suggest that conserving the ` purity ' of all races is not a racist perspective . 
  so when developing such themes , he is drawing on territory already carved out by the new right tradition , which has regularly tried to cast those who promote multiculturalism as people who do not respect authentic identities , and so are the true modern racists . 
   just as with the wider the new right discourse , willinger stresses that he respects all identities , just so long as they are allowed to exist in their own part of the world . 
  thus all chinese should live in china , all africans should live in africa , and so forth . 
  as such , migrants to europe are posing a real problem to a white identity , and so europeans are the victims of the spread of immigrants across the continent . 
  as he develops this sense of european victimhood :   we are more disenfranchised than they are . 
  we do n't want mehmed and mustafa to become europeans . 
  we do n't want immigrants to take over our identities and give up their own . 
    they should hold on to their own identities , and let us have ours . 
  we do n't ask more than is obvious : europe belongs to europeans alone . 
  we are the rightful heirs to this continent , and we will not give up our inheritance . 
   so he calls for ` ethnopluralism ' to replace multiculturalism , and stresses , ` we oppose your credo of multiculturalism with the principle of ethnopluralism . 
  instead of mixing and standardisation , we want to preserve difference . 
  we want different peoples , cultures , and identities . 
  our own included ! ' but in reality , this just a more sophisticated way to argue a for racist position promoting the ` purity ' of the white race , one akin to those put out by the interwar fascists . 
  it seems that there is a subpopulation of europeans that are impervious to parody . 
  what rock are you living under , bliss ninny ? 
  when jihadists fight jihadists , we win . 
  good . 
  i hope they can join the front lines of the fight for liberalism so it 's bloody apparent to most of the world that this is not about racism , this is about people not acting like assholes . 
  you do n't get a license to act like a dick just because you 're not western . 
  because she 's a proper germanic whitey and not a dago or a bohunk , that 's why !, 
  edit : i was being sarcastic . 
  poor fucks vs. poor fucks ? 
  none of this makes sense, 
  when the west has objected to treatment of people such as navalny , russia always says something about how they 're not western and about how western ` decadence ' is bad . 
  russia essentially has put itself in the same group as poor africans and middle easterners : they think they have an excuse to act like regressive shitholes just because they 're not western and/or not white . 
  spoken like someone who 's never applied . 
  failing to enter one for one try is not uncommon among people with good records . 
  at least with regards to spain , it was franco 's fault ? 
  that seems too recent to have that much of an effect . 
  as an american of heavily mixed european ancestry ( polish , german , english , scottish , northern irish , and french ) who has no concept of living in an ethnic nation-state ( i do n't think our history of various immigrant populations interacting in less-than-good ways counts , whether they came here willingly or not ) , can someone eli5 these various independence movements , why they are important to some people , and the whole impact of them on europe ? 
  not sad . 
  more amused , actually . 
  :p `` who is this american who likes these bad songs so much ? 
  must downvote ! '', 
  because traditional values are so fucking good , what with them bashing on gays , women , and minorities and being virulently anti-intellectual and anti-cosmopolitan ? 
  get your head out of your ass , gopnik, 
  montenegro was robbed in 2012 !, 
  russia 's entry already sucks . 
  maybe putin will attack after he sees his precious tolmachevy twins crying . 
  `` we won jesc !, 
  why not esc ! '', 
  sure , you wo n't win , but you guys get silly points . 
  you should watch because it 's fun . 
  it 's almost more fun as an american because we do n't have an entry . 
  but i wish we had eurovision parties . 
  i do n't get the hate . 
  you 're not supposed to watch it seriously . 
  it is a kitsch fest . 
  tells you something about the hireability of mobsters that they are just now considering trying to get honest jobs . 
  look at this woman . 
  look at her . 
  conchita wurst is a bond soundtrack singer with a beard !, 
  hungary 's song is about domestic abuse , for goodness ' fucking sake, 
  oh no , moldova has been one-upped by ukraine . 
  solidly . 
  so has russia . 
  maybe that 's why they 're trying to annex crimea, 
  it 's a sunday and i 've finished my studying , man . 
  making dopey parodies is a pastime . 
  moldova did n't do an epic sax guy . 
  they have a gothic fat lady . 
  austria , on the other hand , has classy drag queen , and his song is actually serious and good . 
  ( yes , conchita wurst has said he is not a transgender woman , he is a drag queen . ), 
  paula seling is pretty and can sing , but how many words can you rhyme with ` miracle ' ? 
  i wrote a terrible song parody of it : my steak 's too raw tonight , and i 've got a feeling ; in an hour or so i 'll feel terrible my intestine will fight , and it wo n't be appealing ; and i 'll vomit 'cause it 'll be unbearable if you only knew fucking basic food safety , i would n't be seeing my dinner again land is arable / brains are cerebral / food is edible / you are pitiful superluminal / we 're time travelin ' now i 'm incurable / i 'll survive somehow all the rhymes i see ( i 'm sure you hear them too ) obvious to me ( eurovision , please do n't sue ) in this forgettable ( until next may , of course ) song satirical, 
  i 've said it in another thread and i 'll say it again : mariya yaremchuk is so hot she makes me question my sexual orientation as a straight woman . 
  actually you got this woman www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wfupckmloo, 
  that was my favorite entry from spain . 
  my favorite misheard eurovision song is [ a-ba-ni-bi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cilw9z_df3y ) ( israel 1978 ) . 
  yes , israel , you can be polar bears that wear bras . 
  serbia 's usually good . 
  molitva , caroban , and ovo je balkan are fun songs - marija serifovic has a hell of a voice , so does nina , and milan stankovic is hysterical ( one line from the song : ` your breasts are a deadly weapon , ljubice ' ) . 
  eurovision is in two weeks !, 
  edit : which of you assholes is downvoting all my posts in this thread ? 
  because i caught you doing it mid-downvote spree . 
  are you that butthurt about europe 's yearly festival of camp or that an american enjoys it ? 
  you guys have this hilarious bit of parody about polish stereotypes : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xql9r4ngt3m ( nsfw - no nudity , but a lot of tits and sexual innuendos ) englishized : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symhjmmgeic, 
  there 's at least one more - gaitana, 
  in the context of the actual act , it 's entirely plausible that it was gibberish . 
  source ? 
  i dunno , [ mariya yaremchuk is so hot she makes me question my identity as a straight woman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdaf2ejhrie ) .
