  which hilariously calls attention to the fact that russia used to be communist , which as a part of its ideology is rather anti-intellectual . 
  people like to call us lefty atheists commies but frankly i 've got no desire to be a member of a group that thinks people who achieve things are ` eeeeevil bourgeoisiiiiiie ' . 
  oh , please , you silly nekulturnik , you have n't read much on reddit if you think we do n't complain about drone warfare without consequence . 
  go back to your cave along with the conservative muslim immigrants you despise . 
  you 're one and the same . 
  well , that 's tasteless . 
  it 's not exclusive to poor ** countries ** , i 'm saying the poorer folk everywhere do it more . 
  also you do n't know fuck about primate experimentation . 
  having been privy to it myself as part of a graduate school interview , they are actually treated pretty well . 
  they may be pretty bored in their primate chairs for an experiment , and i ca n't say i 'm completely comfortable with primate research when some of it could be done in non-primate mammals , but there are some very stringent housing and experimental standards and primate centers get inspected a shitload . 
  i am pretty sure that the people doing these things in eastern europe are probably not educated as you are and that they do it in part because they think they can make a few dinar off of it and in part because they view animals as disposable . 
  you have a lot of stuff , tangible and intangible , that they do n't , such as post-enlightenment values , education , and a car . 
  also , even though this stuff is illegal in , say , romania , where you 're from ( had a friend there once ; good all-around guy , now works in london for the feisbuc as you guys like to call it while saving up for phd tuition ) , i 'm skeptical about how well the law is enforced , especially in places where corruption is massive . 
  a lot more people per capita probably do n't have this stuff in kosovo and other bits of eastern europe than in western europe or the united states . 
  no orgies ? 
  you 're no fun . 
  eurovision is hilarious and anyone that takes it seriously is an insecure individual . 
  go to the eurovision subreddit . 
  also google ` no prejudice ' by pollaponk , because that is the best entry this year . 
  well , there 's western europe rich , central europe so-so , eastern europe poor , east asia all-over-the-place , middle east and south asia and south america poor , and africa poor . 
  do n't make it a false dichotomy . 
  anyway , kosovo is eastern europe poor . 
  this abuse sounds not unlike some of the shit that went down at times in russia in ages past when it was poorer especially in very poor areas , and not unlike some of the shit that goes on in china in its rural areas . 
  you do n't see this kind of abuse in , you know , norway or japan . 
  richer areas are also probably more likely to see animals as sentient beings with their own needs and dignity rather than money-making machines . 
  ( yes , farming industry . 
  yes , i eat meat . 
  no , i do n't de-cow-ize cows . 
  yes , i prefer my meat have a good quality life before it is slaughtered . ), 
  we have things like the aza and animal sanctuaries here ; as much as zoos give me some uneasiness , they do what they can with the animals they have . 
  nein , two men for all women !, 
  why ride the same dick twice in a row ? 
  how ` bout just have a big old orgy . 
  it takes a village . 
  hungarians are so insecure they have to have a long name . 
  waaah , can dish it out but ca n't take it, 
  he was nineteen ?!, 
  fuckin ' teenagers , starting world wars and shit with their underdeveloped frontal lobes . 
  ever notice this happens more among poorer populations ? 
  crap , you 're right . 
  it 's grown in iasi county . 
  moldovan wine is fucking delicious . 
  grasa de cotnari is a favorite . 
  let 's see , how many killed themselves because they could n't get an abortion because the papists have a poor people fetish ? 
  if erdogan would like to go to twitter 's offices in the us he is welcome to . 
  he 's unlikely to be successful, 
  which means crimea would have promise mostly as a commercial port and not as a military port . 
  therefore , having a military base there without playing nice with turkey is stupid . 
  russia started this bullshit because of its military base in sevastopol . 
  germany reunified voluntarily . 
  the mid-1900s called , it wants its communism back, 
  will they allow moldova to join the bloc since transnistria is still separate ? 
  one of the conditions for joining the eu is sovereignty in all parts of the claimed territory . 
  if moldova relinquishes its claim to transnistria , it could join . 
  crimea is easily cut off by turkey . 
  at least if they ever call a draft in the united states they 'll wait until i have my bachelor 's degree . 
  then i can sign up voluntarily and get me a tasty officer commission and a cushy stateside job , probably in a lab . 
  besides , i have medical conditions which would make me terrible cannon fodder, 
  what the fuck is this , 1980 ? 
  russians are collectively an atavism . 
  my first reaction : crap , not that tired old white-haired eccentric stereotype of scientists . 
  every scientist i 've ever met , and since i 'm in science i 've met a lot of them , is not an eccentric , and most are neither old nor white-haired . 
  my second reaction : this encapsulates almost every situation i 've ever seen where an expert in a thing is trying to advise a decision-maker who just does n't fucking get it . 
  the russians are technically the squatters . 
  shit , meet fan, 
  as an american , i demand these delicious fromages for my food . 
  a doctorate that he probably plagiarized , knowing how the russian academy works . 
  oh , he knows four languages beyond being able to call an ambassador an `` arrogant son of a bitch '' ? 
  i 'm skeptical ; he 's got access to translators . 
  anyway , clearly he does n't know fuck about things like scientific facts or social comportment !, 
  does he know how to comport himself civilly ? 
  does he know that you ca n't recruit children to be gay because it 's known to be biologically-based ? 
  does he know that using profanity in the scope of an official position is generally regarded as idiotic ? 
  oh , you russkies . 
  you do n't even hide the fact that you act like cave people in the twenty-first century . 
  russia want be stronk , but russia only have retard stronk-ness in way of a big low functioning autistic or down syndrome boy , not clever and nuanced stronk of smart people . 
  it 's okay to take your eyes off of your copy of pravda every so often . 
  does the fact that there is no ` no ' option on the ballot make any sense to you , gulagovich ? 
  well , i 'm american ; those are the sorts of voters we have here in similar class levels . 
  i have no idea how the demographics are politically in europe . 
  this is an awfully * cold * situation ^ harharhar . 
  that was what i thought . 
  the average american democrat and socially liberal folks in the western world find anti-capitalist maoist loonies cringey . 
  they are to us what fundies are to plutocrats . 
  working-class social-democratic voters ... not to bust your bubble , but at least in the united states they are very socially conservative , they just want delishus government pork . 
  your average poor shit in the usa who votes democrat , just like the poor shits in the usa who vote republican , hates gays , thinks women are inferior , and thinks the lawd jebus is going to make everything better . 
  the party division is usually along racial lines among the working class here . 
  yeah i think you got the referent of the word ` liberal ' wrong there . 
  i was talking about actions that are considered liberal, 
  fuck off , crude shackle-dragger . 
  have you gotten that prison tattoo off yet ? 
  your superiors do n't take what the kremlin feeds you hook , line , and sinker, 
  convicts consorting with convicts . 
  russian men older than about thirty are fucking knuckledraggers . 
  can we just take the insults british people use for australians and transfer them to soviet-era russians ? 
  buncha shackle-draggers . 
  there 's no `` no '' option on the referendum ballot ? 
  yeah , this is force . 
  what the hell is it with soviet-era russians , especially the males , and generally being crude pieces of shit ? 
  i cringe every time someone calls them left-wing .
