  i think a battery of tests , like karyotype , congenital adrenal hypoplasia or hyperplasia , and other conditions producing intersex genitalia should be done . 
  i do n't necessarily advocate surgery , but everyone should be apprised of the exact cause of the intersex genitalia . 
  these conditions are interesting , though . 
  i think research has to be done on the outcomes of gender identity in people who have these conditions . 
  is n't germany advanced enough to be able to karyotype infants and diagnose possible genetic configurations associated with sex ? 
  chromosomal sex is binary . 
  i do n't know what the statistics are on gender identity in people born with ambiguous genitals . 
  black forest cake . 
  tokaji wine . 
  om nom nom . 
  can someone explain the stereotype i found in another thread on the russia gay people legislation - that russia is a sexually closed society and `` in soviet russia , there is no sex '' ? 
  it 's time you and your friends stopped being bogans . 
  the politicians clearly want to keep their populace dumb . 
  clearly you have nothing better to be proud of than the nationality of your parents ' genitals . 
  is n't she a legal immigrant ? 
  better not get these people started on heisenberg 's uncertainty principle . 
  http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/interactive/2013/jul/23/attitudes-towards-homosexuality-europe-map seems to indicate that while the czechs are the most progressive among slavs when it comes to attitudes toward gay people , they are still not exactly as up on their civilization as the scandinavians and all of western europe but portugal . 
  as a half-slav , what the fuck is up with slavs, 
  you expect nutbags to have a sense of style ? 
  man , who is n't a jew these days - i 'm an atheist murkin of european descent , my parents are nebulously christian to different extents , and i 'm smaht enough to be recruited by hahvahd , my family is reasonably well off , and my so is a jew too , so you can pretty much call me a jew . 
  interesting list of well-known roma here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_romani_people they 've even got their own representative nobelist , august krogh . 
  the roma have just as much right to be there as beggars and thieves that happen to share your ethnicity . 
  do n't you have your own roma-versions-of-ghetto-blasters in the form of travellers ( or ` pikers ' , i guess you call them ) , except it so happens that travellers are ethnically irish ? 
  and looking at the wikipedia page on irish travellers , they act just as ghetto as the ghetto roma . 
  is being intelligent and hardworking called `` acting white '' by the roma equivalent of ghetto-blasters there ? 
  it seems that in your quest to use the boy to paint roma more poorly than may be done so with actual instances of roma moral dubiousness , you have forgotten the girls who graduated . 
  because clearly there are no integrated roma / s, 
  would you say something like ` there are romas and then there are dirty pikers ' , i wonder sounds a bit like part of the dialogue in the united states : ` there are black people/hispanic people/asian people and then there are niggers/wetbacks/chinks ' !, 
  i wonder how comparable to the initial civil rights movement in the united states the issue of roma integration is . 
  among other things , i see a divide - as [ deleted ] notes , there are roma who are educated and integrated into society and then there are , for lack of a better term , the roma equivalent of our ghetto-blasters and white trash . 
  those of you who are aware of the racism in parts of reddit have probably seen rhetoric used against black or hispanic people that is similar to that used against the roma . 
  what a peckerw\u00f8d . 
  rode polser , swans , eurovision , christiania , and they call danishes austrian . 
  one of the nice things about the nonexistence of this ban in the united states is that it 's easier to figure out who the idiots are . 
  you guys done anything about that little vatican problem of yours yet ? 
  also have you done anything about your uneducated baby cannons either ? 
  with regard to the former , if it 's not obvious by now that spying on other world powers and being buttheads to them behind their back and being at least somewhat unfriendly is a matter of course for any world power who wants to maintain power , it 's never going to be obvious . 
  every sperm is sacred there . 
  the only reason i was ` derailing ' with pedophilia was because of the reason it 's criminalized , which shares similar motives with the criminalization of bestiality . 
  eating and fucking are not the same things . 
  eating another human would be cannibalism , for one , and that 's a problem unless it 's consensual ( which has happened , but that 's another , bizarre can of worms ) . 
  also , vegetarianism is a luxury a lot of people ca n't actually afford , and sometimes it 's disruptive to a person 's health when they do n't eat meat ( i frankly get very , very tired if i go without meat too long . ), 
  also , technically , no human actually needs sex to survive . 
  i do n't know why you 're drawing an analogy between eating and sex . 
  i 'd draw an analogy between bestiality and pedophilia - in such a case , one person is forcing themselves on an entity that does not demonstrably have the capacity to consent , when many zoophiles and pedophiles do in fact also have attractions to adults . 
  they can keep it in their pants and avoid the non-consentable . 
  we criminalize fucking the mentally disabled for a reason , and for similar reasons fucking animals should also be criminalized . 
  looking at the picture , she 's big enough to punt the little shits in their tiny barely-dropped balls . 
  those little chimps ca n't be older than about eleven . 
  college is free there , right ? 
  is part of that 23 % of the 16-29-year-old population a pack of incompetents ? 
  here 's one : how about you guys teach your boors to not be piggish , sexist , homophobic boors and that machismo just makes them look stupid and insecure and that women are just as competent , intelligent , and sane as men and deserve the same opportunities to be leaders in society and are not subservient to men , that homosexuality is not a disease nor does it merit killing people because ( i guess ) they 're insecure in their own sexuality ( macho men are just insecure , stupid , chimpy little boys with too many myocytes ) , and that ` masculinity ' and ` femininity ' are a goddamn joke ? 
  hey , i do n't like islamists either . 
  do n't lump me in with the islamopologists . 
  probably because a ton of men from slavic countries have dumb ideas about gender and he 's one of them ? 
  do n't get me started on most russian men , who are complete boors in my experience . 
  my ex-who-i-will-probably-get-back-together-with-for-reasons-not-relevant-to-this-conversation is russian , liberal , non-homophobic , and americanized , but his father and uncle are very stereotypical ` manly russian men , look at how manly we are ' and they think homosexuality is some kind of mental illness . 
  i suspect the russian situation is broadly generalizable to every other slav-land . 
  edit : i am half-polack myself ( though i do n't identify with any of my several ethnic ancestries - not just polish , but several central and western european countries - by any stretch of the imagination ) , so i get to insult slavs . 
  europe is deep in american pockets ? 
  most backward country in europe , does n't have legal abortion , only legalized divorce last year , they are fanatical about their religion, 
  is n't it home to that wacky pan-turanist movement which wants to unite all turks , other altaic language speakers , finno-ugrics , and even the japanese into one people ? 
  insecure people are delightfully exploitable . 
  there are terrible but funny jokes about how slowly estonians speak . 
  an estonian stands by a railway track . 
  another estonian passes by on a handcar , pushing the pump up and down . 
  the first one asks : `` iis iitt a llonngg wwayy ttoo ttallinn ? '', 
  he gets on the car and joins pushing the pump up and down . 
  after two hours of silent pumping the first estonian asks again : `` iis iitt a llonngg wwayy ttoo ttallinn ? '', 
  see the recent article on / r/worldnews about how they mutilate their little girls for why i do n't give a fuck about this , and for that matter , the middle east or sub-saharan africa . 
  choppy google translation : `` criminologist jerzy sarnecki says unemployment , poor school performance , lack of optimism , sense of powerlessness and aversion to society and especially the police behind . '', 
  tl ; dr : it 's not an ethnic thing , it 's the poor , stupid , uneducated lumpens . 
  we do a whole lot better on integration than you guys . 
  the underlying commonality is that it 's in the banlieues . 
  tl ; dr : poor people, 
  as an american , i think you 're full of shit . 
  the problem is immigrants that do n't integrate . 
  by your logic , you should behave like the minority you are since czechs are a minority in europe . 
  consult the apa because you 're full of shit . 
  the irony burns . 
  cost of living is a valid consideration . 
  but cold weather and a foreign language ? 
  do n't bitch if you ca n't learn the language or put on a coat , that 's your problem . 
  exactly . 
  part of it is not so much culture as class . 
  europe : please take a lesson from the us on this . 
  this song reeks of bond and bdsm and i think it 'll win . 
  it 's the theme song to `` thrones ! '', 
  the musical based on the hit hbo series `` game of thrones ! '', 
  that 's all they 're going to give greece . 
  `` our economy sucks , but at least alcohol is free '', 
  it 's that dude from friends . 
  business below the neck , party above it . 
  the hungarians have sent hipsters to distract us from their nazis . 
  fsm , cezar has the most hilarious lisp . 
  vampire time, 
  one of two or three songs in eurovision that 's actually good . 
  that 's second-year medical student here . 
  according to the romanian commentary , gianluca is a doctor . 
  who knew .
