  you want to deal harshly with criminals . 
  end . 
  you do n't want fertile grounds for extremism . 
  end . 
  this way you avoid confrontation sentiments and you deal with the issue nonetheless . 
   i despise the saying that if we actually do something about muslims and their dangerous beliefs they 'll go further into extremism it 's not about doing , it 's about obvious profiling . 
  creating unnecessary divisions . 
  if you handle it right in the eyes of the public you may have an upheld rule of law and a well-integrated muslim community . 
  if you 'll go full `` tough on muslims '' , you will have trouble because people do n't like being treated like second class citizens . 
   are you seriously trying to compare the negatives of religion in poland to the negatives of islam in muslim countries ? 
  it 's like trying to equate first world problems to third world problems , literally . 
  i 'm not equating anything , just showing you that without a strong secular state religion can turn ugly , which is what happened to poland . 
   besides , i have no idea why you latched on to christianity having to change . 
  my point was that christianity changed and weakened . 
  that 's what i want to happen to islam ( fat chance hah ) . 
  i latched on it because you showed it as christianity gracefully decided to change on its own and that 's why it 's so wonderful compared to evil islam . 
  no , they had to change and if not for a strong secular state you 'd have to deal with religious orthodoxy , just from christian side . 
   i 'm all for trying to turn muslims into more secular members of society , but it 's going to be a huge challenge because religion plays such an enormous part in their lives . 
  apparently their deep religiousness did n't stop them from getting drunk . 
   if we want this to work , we need to show them we have a backbone about preserving our western way of life , and if they try and interfere or disrupt it , they 're going to face consequences . 
  if they do n't like it , then they should leave . 
  if they like it , then play by the rules . 
  sure , if you want to go full-blown confrontation , then fine . 
  just do n't be shocked they will respond with the same and go more into orthodoxy . 
   christians toned down their religion a whole lot they toned down their religion because they had to . 
  with churches becoming empty and the state in many places becoming very secular they had no choice . 
  good comparison is with where i live - poland is a conservative country , where catholic church plays the big role . 
  right now we have a government that takes step that end up with more women out of work , where lgb part does n't have protection from discrimination , and t part ca n't change sex marker without suing parents , where constitution is no longer the law of the land and sweeping reforms which will vastly expand surveillance by police and other special forces are being introduced . 
  in the meantime in sermons priests tell women not to wear short skirts as not to distract men , that who is not a catholic ca n't be a good person , and that is just from my own church , where the guy is responsible for church 's contact with children inside of warsaw diocese ( which is actually the more liberal one of two there are in the city ) , so he is n't some random guy . 
  let 's face it : churches did n't tone down , they had to . 
  now we need to do the same thing with muslims - integrate into secular society , discriminate against extreme branches , encourage more liberal ways of life . 
   you 're gon na tell them that you ca n't stone/execute gay people here ? 
  yes , because they would be breaking the law . 
  and if they try , they would end up in jail just like any other citizen . 
   those people are problematic there 's no question about it , but ...  are incompatible with western society really ? 
  same would have to go then to all kinds of groups that behave badly , such as football hooligans , but i 've never heard people say they are incompatible with western society . 
  people say they are despicable , but never that they do n't belong to society . 
  deporting everyone wo n't end this problem , only a proper social policy , which ensures all people who come in the country integrate well and follow the rules , has any chance of stopping these kinds of crimes . 
  `` hurr durr moslems rape , therefore ban moslems ! '', 
  or something along those lines . 
  pole here :  prescription cost it depends on what drugs are you talking about , but as long as there are government subsidies , most people can afford them . 
  in cases of rare diseases that are not subsidised they can be extremely expensive ( which makes `` ca n't afford rare drugs '' stories quite popular on evening news )  how doctors treat people really ca n't say because of how rarely i use public healthcare ( more on that later ) , but it really depends imo . 
  heard some horror stories , heard some positive ones , personally from my experiences it has been rather well , although i had a problem to go to a doctor on my own when i was 17 ( i would n't have received anything if i was alone , thankfully my parent was close so i could get assistance ) . 
   is it worth it given what i 've heard and what i 've experienced : hell no . 
  our healthcare system is underfunded , understaffed , often leads to long waits ( up to 20 years for some operations ) and is hard to navigate ( personally i tried to find how to get a psychological therapy , but i could n't find info about it anywhere ) . 
  in comparison to private healthcare i was signed up to it 's mediocre to a point where i fear going to a doctor because i would have to wait hours before getting anything , while being in disease-prone environment filled with old people who go to a doctor for fun . 
  how is denying one group rights ( right to marry , right to be protected from discrimination , right to be out ) without a good reason ( religious or emotional reasons do n't count as such ) a `` perfectly reasonable standpoint '' ? 
  besides , poland never penalised homosexual sex because when homosexuality became an issue in the west we were n't a country . 
  and even though it was legal for a man to have sex with another man , it was still socially ( or even legally , see : hyacinth action when communists gathered intelligence on people 's sexual orientations ) frowned upon . 
  the chairman is doing what ? 
  duda : imo he tends to use his rally speech ( strong , with visible stops ) way too often , be it during commemorations or addresses . 
  szyd\u0142o : you do n't hear her very often , can handle speeches as pm but during rallies her voice was rather fake . 
  be it as pm or during rallies - proper voice , proper stops , everything appropriate to occasion . 
  wow , what a citation . 
  whom do you not like ? 
  and what exactly do you not like ? 
  the guy was already gotov in 2007 , when his coalition collapsed and called snap elections ( which he lost ) . 
  he wo n't do the same mistake again , especially given he has an overall majority in both chambers . 
  they wo n't switch kaczy\u0144ski for zeman ... 
   boycotted the olympics when ? 
  because i only recall soviet-sanctioned boycott of la games in 1984 . 
  i would also add that given the circumstances ( new year 's eve ) you could try to smuggle a firecracker into a crowd and make it explode so people start panicking about a terrorist attack , which could cause a stampede killing in turn hundreds . 
  well , for the spanish government keeping the rest of the country together would be a rather big priority if you leave , so they might just use a veto to block you so basques wo n't be so willing to leave . 
  and i think economic impact wo n't matter . 
  it did n't matter in breferendum , it wo n't matter here . 
  emotions are the thing that cause voters to do what they do ; numbers and consequences do n't matter anymore . 
  but making it difficult for you even if you indeed leave would soothe other countries ' fears that their regions might be more willing to seek independence . 
  and also the spaniards might just say `` no '' to cat 's accession to the eu - they have a power to veto , just like any other eu govt . 
  after today ? 
  i have already heard reports that another ge is close . 
  and with knives out both for cameron and corbyn , as well as potential rise of ukip , the next elections in coming months might make sense for both sides . 
  so there is a possibility of getting through 2/3rds threshold necessary to drop the writs . 
  i kind of doubt it , unless spain will want to leave the eu . 
  letting scotland easily join the eu would make sense as it would be a fancy revenge on the brits . 
  `` you left our union ? 
  well , they left your union so they could join our union that you just left . '', 
  and we wo n't have to get used to eu-27 again . 
  then what do we do with londonderry ? 
  except trying to link cox 's murderer to ukip and literally ignoring another half of gove 's sentence about experts to prat about how leavers are retards who do n't like numbers ( the other half was about how these experts were wrong ) . 
  i am all in for the eu , but hearing him i sometimes wish there was a brexit . 
  that 's how annoying he is . 
  ko\u0142akowskas who protested pride in gdansk , pawlowicz saying gays are useless to society because they ca n't breed and overall focus on fighting `` gender ideology '' ( what gender has to sexuality - i still have no idea ) . 
  and these are just things that i can recall . 
  that 's what they said - warsaw ( or at least downtown districts ) are fairly ok , but the further you go , the less of tolerance you see . 
   that sweden where ~ ~ gays ~ ~ right-wing party members are called `` racists '' if they want to openly march in ~ ~ some parts ~ ~ muslim parts of their own country ? 
  ftfy . 
  what would their choice be ? 
  either approve good change or be called a traitor and lose contracts . 
  actually you 're right . 
  although [ reactionism is a dirty word ] ( http://artyzm.com/obrazy/zakrzewski-olbrzym.jpg ) even for politicians , pis ' platform is basically : revert to whatever was before status quo . 
  bia\u0142owie\u017ca situation is about : 1 ) that minister knows better what is the best for forest than everybody else ( decision-making without consultations - going back to times before civic participation ) 2 ) humans matter more than nature ( anti-conservationism ) . 
  flagship ` family 500 + ' programme is about going back to times when there were more kids , women stayed at homes and government was heavily involved in social welfare . 
  the entire tk debacle is about going back to times when the government decided what was the law , regardless of courts . 
  from centralisation of power in public media and in prosecution to anti-terrorism law that de facto puts security forces above courts - we are heading back . 
  way , way back . 
  i did not use that label . 
  what i said was that conservatives do n't want to budge and i do n't see how they are going to start . 
   i think conservatives have budged quite a bit , i am simply against redefining what marriage is . 
  actually , no . 
  they do n't want ssm , they do n't want civil unions , they do n't want to extend antidiscrimination protections , they want to force public media to spread christian values .
