how about bad abortion ? 
  this makes no sense with your original statement . 
  if they only did things to sleep better then surely they would help local people first ? 
  no instead we as a people felt that we needed to help people around the world and those who came for help . 
  the negative side effects are something we need to fix . 
  we could stop immigration , but then we 'd still need to fix these problems . 
  the majority of the attacks are born in europe . 
  the immigration policy of the last 15 to 20 years therefor is not to blame . 
  a larger picture needs to be seen and i feel you see stopping immigration as the silver bullet to stop all problems . 
  `` everybody is selfish '' some people try to do good , even if that means making mistakes , not for their own nights rest , but because of empathy for other people ( regardless if it was a mistake having the immigration policy ) . 
  yo it 's not fair to ride the train if you 're not gon na supply the next car with some ammo . 
  show your flair so we can offend you . 
  first past the post causes low representation . 
  cgp-grey has a great video on it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i . 
  though i do n't think it 's because the uk system is simple , or if it 's even simple . 
  considering both the led and the bulb give the same light , the difference in wattage is what makes it feel warm too , not just the visible light spectrum . 
  the efficiency of led is that it emits specific wavelengths , you 're not going to replicate the emissivity of a black body with it . 
  tldr ; it might look the same , but it has a different emission which is the feature , not a bug . 
  you know . 
  i would be down for that . 
  the uk can state the ue is the offspring of the uk and gloat about it , and we can enjoy a united europe . 
  a pragmatic solution to the sovereignity issue . 
  i could train to walk with a stick up my bum , would n't make it an effective way of walking . 
  i do n't think that is correct if you look at the distribution in votes . 
  the pvda lost a lot , but other left parties won a lot . 
  i went in brave `` nobody tells me what to do '' and exited with `` o god '' . 
  hellmarch is nice though . 
  political rallies require security . 
  in the netherlands they applied without stating it was a political rally thus when the intent was clear the security had to be upped and the owner of the place did n't want to get involved . 
  i believe germany had similar situations where the permit was n't for a political rally . 
  in the netherlands however rotterdam 's major aboutaleb said he would n't allow it anyway because it would increase tensions between turks in rotterdam . 
  this intervention was not needed because the owner of the place canceled the event . 
  doctors are n't working 100 hours + a week on average . 
  i agree that they should work less , but it 's a complicated issue not necessarily related to the countries wealth and more to the profession and the desire to spend money on healthcare . 
  i agree the housing situation is annoying , but it 's doable . 
  a lot of my friends , and hopefully me included ( zzp ` er ) , are all buying houses for the first time . 
  we all both work , but every one of us ( my friends ) would n't want it any other way . 
  we are rich and have it good . 
  we are hard workers , and we like to complain about valid problems . 
  you included some and we should solve those problems , but let 's not forget the wealth we see around us . 
  wilders usually appeals to feelings and does n't give any concrete solutions . 
  if you are not that interested in government then i can imagine that when listening to all politicians you might get the idea that wilders is a straight shooter who finally says things as they are . 
   3 ) action for action 's sake - not sure could the immigration ban be seen as this ? 
  regardless of effectiveness it is seen `` we have to take action '' . 
  same with the `` until we know what the hell is going on '' comment . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  in the netherlands the pvv says shit is going to hell and we have to save the country . 
  when somebody says that its not that bad the response is that it is and you cant even see the problem/not willing to take action . 
  regardless of its validity or effectiveness , taking action against the perceived threat is then seen as preferable . 
  action for action 's sake . 
  i most vividly remember swimming in the [ fairy pools ] ( https://www.isleofskye.com/skye-guide/top-ten-skye-walks/fairy-pools ) . 
  it 's a small hike first along a beautiful river cut in the mountainside . 
  they might be more crowded nowadays . 
  i 'd say take a look at that site also . 
  the highland games will be 9/8/2017 in portree , which is always nice . 
  well this makes for a boring discussion . 
  i agree completely . 
  really enjoyed this . 
  i did n't mind that schulz took a moment to pick his words . 
  i 'd take a delayed composed response over a hasty response any day . 
  he is passionate and i have the same vision for europe , but i do n't think it 's pragmatic at the moment . 
  rutte 's focus on results is nice , but i believe timmermans rebuttal of this , that the dutch government has been able to provide results yet the pvv is still the biggest in the polls , is correct . 
  timmermans spoke eloquent as always . 
  it 's been too long since i 've walked there . 
  every year we used to go to skye and hike a couple of mountains , always the old man . 
  it 's been 8 years and i ca n't wait to go back again . 
  wrong post to reply to ? 
  i 'm confused :(, 
  i 'm sorry you feel this way . 
  in some way you do everything out of self interest . 
  you do n't do unto others what you do n't want to be done upon yourself . 
  you work on climate change because you want your kids to have a better world . 
  heck , all this happens without having any free will in the matter . 
  it 's all very bleak and terrible . 
  have a ~ ~ good ~ ~ terrible day . 
  i agree . 
  yeah , that one is politically hard . 
  i 'm not sure if there would be enough support for it . 
  it kind of sucks that christian schools need to suffer because their muslim counterparts are screwing stuff up . 
  i also believe i read a study where mingling demographics usually lowers the quality to the lowest denominator . 
  i ca n't ask parents who want the best for their children to sacrifice the quality of education for their children to prevent other people to sent their children to a crap school . 
  ah yes , my bad . 
  i feel there should be a solution in educating refugees and giving them the best possible tools to be useful to their respective countries , but i ca n't blame people for wanting to stay here . 
  i was lucky and born here and now a functioning member of society . 
  but i had to be educated and a lot of resources were spent on me . 
  if we could make them functioning members of our society , that would then be preferable/fair ? 
   i do n't think its helpful labeling people who care for their country as racist . 
   these have nothing to do with each other . 
  you can care about your country without without being racist . 
  what i mean is that a lot of people are afraid for their country and culture . 
  they see the influx of people as a threat to their culture and the country they leave behind for their children . 
  i think the racism label is n't helpful because sometimes discrimination can be necessary . 
  if a disproportionate number of moroccans commit crimes then it 's at least correlated and acknowledging this can be helpful to finding a cause . 
  if sub sahara africans have a lower average iq then this needs to be accommodated . 
  as a man i wo n't be sent to the gynecologist . 
  naturally true racism ( discrimination solely on race ) exists , but using this term freely is n't helpful . 
  if in discussion you call a true racist a racist he wo n't mind and you 've accomplished nothing . 
  if on the other hand you call a non ( ? 
  ) - racist a racist he will be offended and you will accomplish nothing . 
  the proper response is hard to find .
