  a hard and fast response usually has a lot of collateral damage . 
  a slow response might feel lackluster to those feeling the pain right now . 
  just being nice is n't enough . 
  we must ensure education regardless of sex . 
  assist people who want to break with religion but ca n't due to dependence on family . 
  yeah , i feel you there . 
  i 've seen communities in the northern regions of the netherlands have trouble with relatively large ( to their size ) amount of refugees . 
  it changed some things for the worse . 
  hopefully we as a society can improve integration . 
  we were not ready for the influx so the distribution kind of sucked . 
  we do n't help refugees based on their use to us . 
  we help them because they need help . 
  it might not be your values , but it 's ours . 
  i 'm talking about true refuges . 
  economic refugees do n't just get citizenship . 
  problems and history of libya are complicated . 
  i did n't say they were 6 % . 
  i found that number by using idaltufalkard 's million / dutch poulation . 
  the actual number from memory is between 0,3 to 1 % ( 45k to 200k since memory is failing me and i 'm not gon na look for sources at this time ) . 
  first off , thanks for replying honestly and open about your opinions . 
  pvv voters are far to often ridiculed and insulted for their opinion . 
  one of the first things populism does is give the impression that politicians lie and everything is screwed . 
  it angers the voters and motivates them to vote `` for a party that will actually do something '' . 
  it 's usually easy to find politicians who 've lied or statistics to point to . 
  the current state of politics in the netherlands is great . 
  a lot of compromises were made and usually the parties try to work together . 
  the response to the refugee crisis was poor though , but other than that it seems fine . 
  i especially like the power smaller parties have to swing the vote on seperate issues . 
  in response to you and / u/helemaalnicks 's response , i do n't think pvv voters are racist . 
  islam is n't a race , but that honestly is a weak defense since there is n't a word for religious discrimination . 
  also the prejudice is usually influenced by race . 
  i do n't think its helpful labeling people who care for their country as racist . 
  i feel the same on islam . 
  i started reading the quran , but as an atheist it was rather awkward to read every odd page that you should be put to death . 
  the muslim world also does not contribute in any ( scientific ) field , except for human suffering . 
  i understand that people get great value from it and beauty can be found , but i only see the ugly results . 
  therefor i wish that this could be expressed and be spoken honestly about . 
  populism would n't have risen as fast if we would acknowledge the negative influence the islam had , and continues to have . 
  sadly i do n't think the pvv will solve this issue by banning the quran . 
  whilst the political discourse will have been damaged . 
  this is more complicated than you make it seem . 
  people within our government are working on this . 
  also the amount of refugees is not even close to a million in the netherlands . 
  i can imagine that you would be frustrated if we 'd get 6 % or more of our population yearly and we 'd be giving them citizenship . 
  the thing is that these people need representation too . 
  even if wilders gets 50/150 then still he 'd have to work with the other parties and compromise on his ideas to get stuff done . 
  that said , i think his policies are unsustainable and he oversimplifies problems to make cheap stabs at other politicians . 
  i wish he was n't as popular , but he is and thus needs equal representation . 
  we 'll see how it all ends up . 
  yeah , but this is n't a binary situation . 
  so the cost is also a gradient , hence the reason why politicians change their opinions when a situation changes . 
  most of these issues are really complicated . 
  most if not all of the refugees from the libya route are economic refugees . 
  therefor we 'd prefer not clogging the refugee system with them . 
  not as many resources should be spent on them , or perhaps none at all . 
  but the moment they take the boat and we are able to save them , then we morally have to . 
  many people are n't ready to let people die if we can prevent it . 
  but if the country does not take them back do we just drop them off ? 
  they could deny the ship and we 'd legally have a problem . 
  also the refugees could be in great harm when returned . 
  can we return them to a situation where they 'd have a high chance of death ? 
  i 'm 100 % sure that the scenario i described above is incomplete and/or wrong . 
  the point is that shit is complicated and when people oversimplify it the solution might seem easy , but in practice would be hard . 
  maybe for sweden ( i 'll let you judge on that ) . 
  but i thoroughly believe that most politicians in the netherlands want to better the netherlands . 
  they need to acquire power to do that . 
  on topic ; helping refugees is important to our values . 
  yet when the public views the costs of this too high then it is important that politicians realize this , for one to stay in power , but secondly to prevent a higher cost from rising . 
  populism . 
  this is totally unacceptable . 
  i know it 's going to suck for us to stop this ( we 're at the very least currently balanced on the current situation ) . 
  the current political climate also makes it unlikely anything will be done . 
  protectionism is a popular sentiment even though it 's a short sighted plan . 
  on the other hand there has been an outcry at the starbucks situation too . 
  without restraint , not without limits . 
  edit : meh , it 's a bit of a nitpick . 
  i grant you that i 'm not in favor of _ complete _ freedom of speech for people in office . 
  as long as you do n't aspire to or actually hold office you can say whatever you want with the normal consequences ( like people thinking you are a dick ) , but if you use your platform to rally in a message that is dividing and hateful then you 're no longer only responsible for your own actions and that should be taken into account . 
  now if wilders is being factual and sticking to the facts then it would be wrong to silence him via court . 
  sadly we see people getting offended over facts , and that is wrong . 
  but wilders ' remarks were n't of those kind . 
  i agree that this is a big part of it . 
  but if trump was n't allowed to say the stuff he did ( about mexicans , etc ) without judicial problems and he therefor did n't the problem would n't have escalated as it did . 
  people are just matching language used in political discourse . 
  come on . 
  freedom does n't mean that it 's without limits . 
  if somebody is using his freedom of speech to demean and separate a group of the population to gain popularity i do agree that he should be held accountable for his responsibility in his function . 
  i wish this did n't happen though . 
  wilders is milking it . 
  he 's giving the impression that the situation in the netherlands is really bad . 
  when other politicians ignore it he can say that they are n't picking it serious . 
  it 's just a classic move . 
  the netherlands has its problems and it needs to handle it clearheaded . 
  wilder 's soundbytes are n't helping and are polarizing the population . 
  true . 
  but education has a really high return rate per money spent . 
  even if you send the illegal immigrants back the education received will be useful for them and us . 
  never mind the opinion that every child requires an education . 
  the concern would be the suction effect where people will go to europe for a free education . 
  actual data needs to be collected on the suction effect .
