but surely it would be wiser to help the people rebuild their societies there ? 
  are many of the refugees going to return to their country of origin once their respective wars are over ? 
  true but a lot of the people in those 27 countries probably are n't for that something . 
  even with the uk gone you will still have some other country vetoing montenegrin ascension . 
  bit of a waste of time in my opinion , he 's going to win , bbc would n't slander labour until 2020 they hate the other parties too much . 
  i think it was right that the referendum went this way , i do n't believe that a 52-48 for remain would have influenced brussels in any way , this has been a shock to them and hopefully they will use it to reform . 
  i also do n't agree that it 's too late to avert brexit because what even is brexit ? 
  is it the uk completely leaving the eu ? 
  is it retaining the single market but with a cap on immigration ? 
  no one really knows what it is yet and i think to avoid economic problems for both parties they will try and find a compromise . 
  i think the eu does n't want to risk losing the uk and the uk gov. 
  doesnt really want to leave the eu , it is way too much work for an organization already in crisis . 
  the top 4 countries will probably meet and discuss reforms for the eu , it is an organization which is acting extremely undemocratically and not in everyones best interests . 
  so how come we are excluded from meetings ? 
  that 's too funny , turkey has a suicide bombing about every month , a dictator as a leader , is currently engaged in military combat in a neighbouring country and also does n't have access to the single market . 
  turkey , do n't kid yourself . 
  would you consider yourself a eurosceptic ? 
  if there 's one person i ca n't stand in the eu it 's juncker , the man comes from luxembourg , a country that has benefited immensely from being in the eu , a country he also abused in order to make it a tax haven , and yet he talks about scrapping national borders ? 
  i despise the man and look forward to merkel eventually forcing his resignation . 
  no your right i do n't know that much about irish history , however i do know that bigger countries are stronger nowadays , it 's something i would like to see in the future , does n't mean it weill ever happen , and i never said it would be as ` successful as it was the last time the uk controlled the roi ' . 
  if it 's any consolation , i 'm half northern irish catholic anyway , so i 'm torn between supporting a unified ireland and a bigger uk . 
  i just see it as something that could work . 
  although if you 've ever been to the north , you 'll realise that people still wo n't get over the troubles , it 's gon na be tough for them to move on . 
  and yes , whilst ireland has a higher gdp per capita than the uk , that does n't mean that much considering the massive population difference between the two countries . 
  i do n't know if it is too bold , many people say we do n't have much to negotiate with but many multinationals who have large stakes in the city of london are lobbying to either keep the entire country in the eu or to keep the city of london in the eu . 
  i understand that many people from member states of the eu would like to watch the uk suffer but neither the eu can face a bad brexit nor can britain face a bad brexit either . 
  only time will tell what will come of these negotiations . 
  we are the eu 's second biggest economy , they will not want us just leaving with a snap of the fingers , it would damage us immensely however the repercussions would be very tough on nations not that financially well off in the eu , possibly stoking ever more anti-eu sentiment . 
  oh yeah no doubt i hate sharia law courts and hopefully they will be crushed under may , but whilst you are right that there are no sharia law courts in germany , sharia law is applied there . 
  yeah but i feel that they 're not doing enough to integrate the immigrants , even the fact that people of turkish descent are out rallying for erdogan is a bad sign , you might get a completely fractured germany, 
  i feel like if he knows everything about soft power and diplomacy then he should put some of it to use in greece . 
  i do n't know if i 'd say dominant , it is rivalled by the uk and france and italy and whatnot , i 'm talking like , germany becomes the euqivalent of the us in the americas in europe . 
  we 'll talk about how our diplomacy is shit and how soft power is non existent when we have a gdp in the low 40 's like you , otherwise i can not take you seriously , why even bother criticising a country which is much more successful than yours , and many other countries , if you know how to make a country better than ours then go ahead and try , otherwise continue to whine about how we left the eu , it 's countries like yours which made us do it . 
  you know , is anschluss banned in the german constitution or something ? 
  think of how powerful you could become ? 
  idk if it 's a popular concept in germany or austria but it would be the dominant continental power . 
  i know they would never be interested in reunification but i have always considered the idea of ireland reuniting with the uk , however with the north being part of a republic/kingdom , with two heads of state , they can both vote in elections in each country and benefit from economic growth greatly . 
  the former roi is autonomous and runs it 's own affairs like scotland does . 
  i believe it would be much more successful . 
  that 's ironic coming from a country which has no basic concept of economics . 
  if anyone is pissing off the eu it is greece , do n't talk to the uk about soft power when you ca n't even negotiate with macedonia over their name !, 
  why do you encourage this ? 
  this is pathetic behaviour from you turks , you 're a backwards country which did have a future , a very bright one under ataturk but you 've thrown that all away with your dictator erdogan , if your trying to use your diaspora to control german political policy , you can all forget joining the eu . 
  europe does n't want you anyway , your a symbol of how a great country has become a shadow of its former self . 
  what difference does this make ? 
  turkish citizens in germany already form a fifth column ready to divide the country . 
  when you immigrate to a new country , you leave the old one behind , or else you can fuck right back off to where you constantly force yourself to beleive your from . 
  if you were born in germany , raised in germany , speak german , `` du bist deutsch '' , stop waving the turkish flag and supporting erdogan , he is an enemy to europe not a friend . 
  honestly , they just do n't listen to public sentiment do they ? 
  it 's like juncker with the borders comment last week !, 
  that 'll be the killer of the eu , they go about things their own way , so undemocratic . 
  well what would you say special treatment is ? 
  assumably we would get similar deals to norway and switzerland , but they 're going to have to be better because of our economic strength and population size . 
  i do n't understand why that 's seen as unfair , i think countries like germany and france are killing themselves by following the same rules as slovakia and malta . 
  they 'd be stronger if they independently made policy which favour themselves , which is what i would prefer , it would make for an economically stronger and more competitive europe . 
  if we want to avoid wars then we 'll just stay in nato , no need for the eu . 
  what 's the trouble with having passports to immigrate to other countries ? 
  why ca n't countries set their own laws ? 
  we 're all different and we should celebrate said diversity , otherwise in a few years all european countries will resemble each other and it will have destroyed the thing that has made europe so great . 
  you do n't need immigrants , you need to change corporate culture and increase birth rates . 
  in fact , the japanese should be the ones immigrating to other countries due to overpopulation in japan . 
  it would help japanese soft power to have diasporas in many different countries as well . 
  as a fellow island nation inhabitant , we must use our size wisely , soft power is a beautiful thing . 
  why do n't you run schemes to increase native population growth ? 
  i find it funny that you get touchy when people accuse romania of being poor . 
  you say that population decline is common among all first world nations . 
  it really is n't , and i would also reconsider calling romania a first world country , first world countries tend not to have massive immigration to other other countries . 
  at least we wo n't have to pay for your broke nation anymore !, 
  i think then that we have different ideological principles because i hate the idea of the european dream . 
  i have respect for the idea , and i know that many europeans want it to be real , but i personally think it is impossible and i relish individual countries and cultures . 
  sure but italy and the eu are minor compared to germany and france . 
  we can deal with new leadership in italy and the eu , the important countries we will be focussed on are france and germany , they call the shots . 
  we 're all keen to leave , however it is important to remember that in order to get the best deal for both sides , we need to consider all of you as well as ourselves . 
  france and germany have elections coming up which their leaders need to focus on and renzi has a senate referendum that if he loses he will resign . 
  we need to make sure that the people that we negotiate with will be the same all throughout the process . 
  plus we have things we need to do ourselves like get trade officials to help and stuff . 
  why bother hating on us ? 
  we are making a democratic choice and leaving , why does it bother the eu ? 
  you should be more bothered about your own eu problems like the italian banking crisis and migrants . 
  i do n't understand why europeans get salty about us leaving , it just was n't working out , do n't be the bitter girlfriend shitting on us . 
  no one steals off of italy , you need n't include them , they steal off the french , british and germans . 
  why though ? 
  why do you feel that we need to bundle together ? 
  we have the us to back us , they do n't want to lose their allies in the west , at the end of the day we are more similar to anybody else and we are strategically and financially important to them . 
  well that 's how the eu roles , everyone gets a veto , a nation of 300 ' 000 is worth just as much as a nation of 80 ' 000 ' 000 unless germany decides to choke some fuckers financially !, 
  yeah but the population of the roi only is about 4 million i think which means per capita it does n't need to have that many people there , the uk has a pop of about 65 million so we still have large amounts of eu nationals but not enough to be the same amount as roi per capita . 
  hey i 'll upvote that , you 've got it spot on . 
  and interestingly the hungarians gobbled the southern and eastern bit of slovakia , perhaps this was a passive slovak revenge move ? 
  i hurt your friend , because you hurt me , but you ca n't hurt me back because germany is our much stronger friend who wants to beat up your friend even more . 
  i did n't know that , that 's very interesting . 
  i suppose then though that they were in it to gain territory from the slovaks , romanians and serbs . 
  it does n't make it any better , but i suppose the ` friendship ' between hungary and poland was n't ignored . 
  plus they were both very pro-western in the eastern bloc . 
  yet but bosnia and herzegovina is hardly a state , it 's barely cohesive , its like two pieces of cardboard stuck together with weak glue . 
  that country is going nowhere . 
  and yet the hungarians were allied with the germans in ww2 . 
  if they tap the opposition , they already do it , they do n't need to make laws for that sort of behaviour , it would be condemned even if it was legal . 
  just look at the usa spying on germany . 
  exactly !, 
  and is this what they should really be focusing on right now ?
