  gut-wrenching butchery . 
  in another shot , a dog lay dead on the pavement ; nearby was all that was left of a human being . 
  the pictures fill you with absolute horror . 
  they make you cry out : `` how the hell has this been allowed to happen ? '' that 's why we 're not allowed to see them . 
  in case we get angry . 
  look away , please !, 
  it 's time for another vigil , time to light some candles , time for a politician to put on a resolute face and say : `` the terrorists will never divide us . '' a fatuous statement that is almost immediately contradicted by tv footage from luton or bradford or birmingham , where entire communities are very clearly divided from the rest of society . 
  but please do n't concern yourselves . 
  the attacker is a `` lone wolf '' . 
  invariably , he has `` mental health issues '' , and his behaviour is not linked to a particular religion or ideology . 
  quite soon after , it emerges that the wolf may not have been so lonesome after all . 
  at the weekend , for example , we found out that westminster attacker masood worked as a volunteer at a mosque in luton . 
  on channel 4 news , haras rafiq , head of the quilliam foundation , coldly discounted the mosque 's protestations , saying : `` the problem is that the very creed , what the people at the luton mosque believe in , is extreme , is fundamental and will drive people to radicalisation . '' that fits with what i heard recently from a beleaguered police officer in luton . 
  the town , he said , was witnessing crime on a london scale , but with a bedfordshire budget . 
  no worries . 
  please be calm . 
  forget the extremist imams who keep their followers in a resentful , kuffar-hating ghetto and prevent integration . 
  forget the 400 jihadists returned from syria to the uk and only 54 of them prosecuted ( where are the other 346 ? ) . 
  forget our brilliant security services struggling to keep tabs on all the people who hate us . 
  forget the sharia `` courts '' . 
  forget justifiable fears that islamic schools are still teaching lessons that are hostile to the british way of life , where muslim women are regarded as second-class citizens and white women are slags . 
  what matters , what really matters at this juncture is `` a worrying increase in hate crime '' . 
  step forward one of the usual suspects -- chuka umunna , shami chakrabarti , take your pick -- to warn us that the british people are guilty of islamophobia . 
  in vain do you shout at the tv that the british people are the victims of hate crime , not its perpetrators . 
  even the most tactful attempt to express legitimate concerns is deemed to stigmatise all muslims , so people stop trying . 
  and the attacks continue . 
  nice , berlin , london , stockholm , somewhere else next week or the week after . 
  shocking , is n't it , how quickly you get desensitised ? 
  `` could have been worse . 
  only four dead . '' only ? 
  in this way , cold-blooded outrage become the new normal . 
  i wonder , how much longer do you reckon the british people will allow themselves to be sedated ? 
  in february , a sobering survey by chatham house found huge support across europe for the statement : `` all further migration from mainly muslim countries should be stopped . '' with 47 per cent agreeing , the uk was second lowest . 
  in no country did the percentage that disagreed surpass 32 per cent . 
  following the recent attacks , it is likely that those percentages would be even higher today . 
  this is incendiary stuff . 
  so powerful , indeed , that even the `` we are not afraid , where did i put that tealight ? '' brigade are waking up to the unfolding catastrophe . 
  ashen-faced , sweden 's prime minister vows that his country `` will never go back to the days of mass immigration '' . 
  across all of europe , there is a loud , sonorous clanging . 
  it 's the sound of stable doors being shut . 
  liberal societies find themselves in the most damnable bind imaginable , their finest instincts twisted against them . 
  the great philosopher karl popper put it unimprovably : `` if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . '' pc keith palmer died fighting intolerance . 
  he put all of himself , all of that heft of kindness and decency between the jihadist and parliament . 
  we may admire his sacrifice -- how could we not ? 
  we may weep for his wife and for the little girl who lost her no 1 daddy -- we say sorry to them , so dreadfully sorry . 
  we may hope they are right when they say that he will never be forgotten . 
  but the best , the very best way we can remember that marvellous british bobby is to stop tolerating the intolerant . 
  and stop it right now . 
  those eyes !, 
  of all of them ? 
  perhaps not , but i do know that running a budget deficit of over 10 % of a country 's gdp would definitely not be allowed . 
  well actually scotland does n't , however that does n't matter seeing as the eu skips its own criteria most of the time . 
  well actually scotland does n't , however that does n't matter seeing as the eu skips its own criteria most of the time . 
  well actually scotland does n't , however that does n't matter seeing as the eu skips its own criteria most of the time . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i was just looking at this article and i could n't find any mention of it : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/15/scottish-nationalists-spanish-independent-scotland-brexit-snp but it did come from a member of rajoy 's party , so perhaps spain would not block scotland . 
  however , considering the desire for both the eu and britain to remain on amicable terms , i imagine spain would discourage any attempt by scotland to join . 
  whether or not the eu could afford scotland to join is another thing . 
  that is n't the case . 
  spain does not want catalonia believing it could join the eu , therefore spain will most likely block any attempt by scotland to join the eu , regardless of whether or not succession was legal or illegal . 
   duterte lol, 
  i have read that the eu is planning on charging us for eu projects that we committed to but obviously will not be partaking in now or will receive any of the benefits , that ca n't be justified . 
  the fact that the europeans are making it difficult to even begin negotiations is not a good sign of what 's to come . 
  sure , but surely # 50 billion is n't the price for all of our civil servants , that should be closer to a few millions ? 
  what is the rest of the # 50 bn for ? 
  unfortunately in a binary decision like the eu referendum there will obviously be that outcome . 
  but then again , i would personally say that the british in general are not interested in the levels of integration that countries like germany want . 
  ok well i obviously did n't mean every single person in the uk . 
  but is it not an emotional outlook that all countries have when they pursue different ideas ? 
  for example , i would imagine germany has a strong desire to pursue the european project based on the destruction caused primarily by them on the continent . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the only reason , but i would argue that it is influenced by this greatly . 
  i would argue that whilst european countries , except for perhaps spain , france and portugal , find friends in their own continent and put more time into it than the british . 
  keep in mind we have countries like canada , the us , nz and australia who have extremely similar cultures and the same languages to us . 
  we do not feel emotionally attached to europe in the same way that perhaps some european countries expect us to be . 
  it 's not our fault that we 're not interested in the european project . 
  that 's just the way history has been . 
  i disagree . 
  there is fair knowledge of the events in ni , you wo n't find people who think that the ira attacked ni for no reason . 
  ignore that guy above who knows what the fuck he is talking about . 
   doing nothing is better than doing something bad . 
  i wish north korea took that advice . 
   you really think people want to go to war with korea ? 
  you think it would have widespread support ? 
  no i think at first glance people are not interested in war with nk however should the us be attacked first , be prepared to see that completely change . 
   we have no idea how china would react in this situation for a start - so you already risk two nuclear powers at loggerheads . 
  china would face ridicule , humiliation and an international pariah status if they continued to defend north korea in any way , shape or form after a nk strike on the us . 
   then you have the south koreans and the japanese who by far have the most to lose in this situation , and they have explicitly said that they do not want conflict on the korean peninsula . 
  of course nobody wants conflict on the korean peninsula but if america is attacked what choice do they have ? 
   if obama was still president you know this would n't be happening . 
  it 's precisely because obama was president and did nothing about this that the north korean problem still exists . 
  they were the ones launching missiles in the sea . 
  prior to that the us was quite happy to just let them sit there and wallow in their own filth . 
   fuck you donald trump , and fuck the people who voted for him . 
  that 's 62 million people bud . 
  interestingly a lot of the people you just told to fuck off voted for obama in '08 and ' 12 . 
  well it does n't have to end up that way . 
  quite frankly i think orban 's idea of the continuation of homogenous european states is not a bad one . 
  migration has widely changed this continent , and i think overwhelmingly not for the better . 
  come 2060 britain is meant to be one of the most ethnically diverse states on the planet . 
  i do n't want to become a minority in my own country .
