  i never ever said corbyn would pay 1 billion pounds to the dup but you can bet your ass that he would to sinn fein . 
  both groups are extreme , but being half northern irish catholic i can tell you that that is just politics as usual up there . 
  v true . 
  big difference between metropolitan leftist jews in the uk and israelis . 
  this is all politicians . 
  if jeremy corbyn needed the snp for a majority you can bet he would grant them a second independence referendum lickity split, 
  i know many people to whom a british passport is just a document that allows them to travel more easily . 
  their real hearts lie in pakistan or the arab states . 
  i know many other people who 's hearts are in the uk and yet can not apply for citizenship . 
  not to mention the other 1/3 is probably made up of the same amount of foreigners but just with uk passports . 
  i highly doubt that if you even looked at these people in case by case bases that you would find not a lot of evidence to show hardship . 
  some of these people are just retarded and want a life of adventure with no understanding that what they 're walking into is hell on earth . 
  they have colluded with the enemy and should therefore be punished as such , preferably by revoking their citizenship and banning them from reentering the country . 
  the taxpayer should not need to fund them . 
  they have essentially revoked their citizenship in going off to fight for a foreign power against their country of native birth . 
  if they 're allowed to come back it is a threat towards good people . 
  they should be trialled for treason at least . 
  ^ this guy right here 's got it, 
  should not be allowed to return . 
  europe is not going to take these shitty excuses much longer . 
  bangladesh has been independent since 1971 , they have a population more than of russia and are rapidly becoming more religiously extreme . 
  bangladesh better solve their population crisis soon because we are not going to be accepting bangladeshis forever . 
  the elite in our country have been scheming to keep us in and they 're going to win . 
  they 're definitely going to say we 're leaving but in reality we 'll stay in . 
  you would think that at least brexit would make them think , `` oh shit maybe we ought to curb immigration , and most likely non-eu/islamic immigration which seems to be upsetting people so much '' they wo n't . 
  nothing will change . 
  i have absolutely no confidence in any of the politicians in my country . 
  amber rudd almost had one of those , i believe she only has a 500 vote majority . 
  they always say you should n't give a party a majority . 
  in fact , cameron 's coalition with the lib dems was incredibly effective . 
  imagine if he 'd won the eu referendum , a majority of 12 , having crushed euroscepticism and scottish nationalism , he would have been king !, 
  `` with a flood of migrants arriving on italy 's shores , a bitter debate has erupted over whether children born on italian soil to foreign parents should have citizenship rights at birth . '', 
  this is the first sentence in the article . 
  i would hope that a `` russian spring '' does n't end up like the arab ones . 
  i think though as you say , the younger generations will be the ones changing this . 
  they have n't lived through the repression of the ussr and have seen how great the rest of the world is , democratic states i mean . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what even was that , an insult , an argument ? 
  where does it say that in the article ? 
  whilst i agree with you , i find it hard to believe that russia would ever join such an organization for the mere fact that it is just so damn big and does n't necessarily need to rely on a supranational organization . 
  think canada or australia . 
  despite this , i would love for russia to come into the fray of modern western democratic countries . 
  they are christian , european and yet i do n't understand why we ca n't bridge the gap between the west and them . 
  they are so similar to us . 
  `` with a flood of migrants arriving on italy 's shores , a bitter debate has erupted over whether children born on italian soil to foreign parents should have citizenship rights at birth . '', 
  it 's the first fucking sentence . 
  is there any chances of him winning though ? 
  this is n't a legit democracy we 're talking about right ? 
  however the trade deal with japan taking so long is more likely to be because of the eu 's 27 nations . 
  also might i add that the eu-japan trade deal is nowhere near to being finished . 
  not just for the tories friend , every party in the uk is like that . 
  well you know even if they had the referendum and it was 55/45 for independence you can bet that there would be the same kind of bollocks as here in the uk with them being told the catalonians did n't know what they were voting for . 
  that is a terrific answer to my question on why the government does n't allow for a referendum , i had n't thought about it that way before . 
  it 's for anyone born on italian soil to foreign parents . 
  no i suppose it would n't . 
  but there is no way i can ever see russia becoming an eu member . 
  just like no way . 
  i see israel joining the eu more likely than russia . 
  that is true however after around almost 800 years of muslim influence along with the fall of constantinople in 1453 it is safe to say that they are not european anymore . 
  a distinct quality of europe is our christian heritage , anyone can see that . 
  geographically they have a shred of their country in europe , but so does kazakhstan and nobody calls them european . 
  i think that barroso said in 2014 that spain would not allow scottish ascendence to the eu for fear that the catalonians would like independence and eu membership . 
  no mention of illegal or legal independence . 
  also , if the sentiment for independence is so high in catalonia why do n't the spanish government give them a legitimate referendum ? 
  if they vote no it will quell the desire for independence as it did in the uk . 
  there will be many countries that agree with and support democratic institutions that will be forbidden from joining the eu . 
  for example , macedonia will not be accepted because of it 's name because greece will veto it constantly . 
  but , at the same time , most importantly , spain and other nations will block catalonian eu membership for fear that other countries declare independence and try to join the eu . 
  occitania , brittany , galicia , the basque country and others just to name a few . 
  if i hear another `` have cake and eat it '' headline i 'm gon na cringe . 
  these are illegal immigrants . 
  they are not going to let you keep your spanish passports for the precise reason you have just stated . 
  lol forget it even if spain does n't veto your ass wait till the french and italians get weary of their own provinces wanting independence , they stop you like a shot . 
  spain does not want catalonia to become independent . 
  if it ca n't join the eu if it is independent perhaps those in catalonia might think twice about voting for independence . 
  also , even if catalonia did become independent , you can bet spain refusing it 's entry into the eu . 
  if catalonia suffers outside the eu and spain , it will probably rejoin spain to get the benefits back . 
  and yet did n't he tell the scots they would be welcome to rejoin should they be independent ? 
  but of course other european countries with independence movements in their countries such as france and spain would never allow it . 
  turkey is n't even a european nation let alone a potential eu member . 
  i read that the us civil war killed 2 % of the us ' male population . 
  that 's some serious shit . 
  well no i do n't think that moody 's thinks we are stronger in the eu , it is just trade with the eu . 
  there are countries in the eu like greece that have the lowest credit rating possible i think . 
  they do n't actually have the benefits of being british . 
  not fully at least . 
  they ca n't vote in our general elections . 
  they were doing fine when franco had the border shut , they 'll do fine again . 
  why not ? 
  they are allowed to set their own rates , it 's part of their devolution and also part of why they do n't ever want to become part of spain . 
  ok that 's expected . 
  we would be equal to france in that case . 
  this is not a brexit thing . 
  lot 's of universities around the world have different campuses in different countries . 
  free movement is n't fundamentally just . 
  i ca n't just walk into your house and claim it 's free movement and therefore fundamentally just . 
  but why should there be free movement ever ? 
  should n't nations have the right to be able to limit people coming in ? 
  well personally i find it rather wrong to call anyone a nazi or hitler for that matter as 99.9 % it is uncalled for and the comparison is weak . 
  hang on , why is it that his ethnicity is made an issue ?
