  i see no reason for downvoting this . 
  desire to leave the eu whether you be right or left wing on this subreddit must be removed/downvoted instantly according to members . 
  greece anyone ? 
  or germany 's government in 2015 ? 
  except it has been filled with concessions for other countries as well . 
  and probably will continue to be . 
  you would be extremely mistaken to think that even half of the remaining 27 want to be part of a federal europe . 
  a lot of what they said had reason . 
  it still was n't nice though . 
  there is good reason . 
  someone with a speech impediment will not be a news broadcaster . 
  that is discrimination but fuck they ca n't do the job . 
  trash article on trash website . 
  what did you expect ? 
  hunned billyon . 
  holy shit you literally only appear when there is an article criticising mass immigration to europe from the 3rd world . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  you think that 's an isolated swedish trait ? 
  thatcher was in no position of power when we joined . 
  the brits are no longer allies of the europeans ? 
  no my friend , i am not an ally of the eu but i want to remain friends with the many incredible european states . 
  we 're in nato together , i 'm not particularly concerned . 
  gosh this is tiring . 
  what springs to mind is tower hamlets and ealing which is where i come from . 
  perhaps i was n't clear enough . 
  what i meant was that no matter what amount of money muslims in the uk begin to earn they will try and stay with their own kind . 
  indians and sikhs move to better neighbourhoods when they get richer and therefore end up in white neighbourhoods . 
  quite frankly , i 'd rather live around people of similar beliefs and traditions as myself , i do n't want to live somewhere as the minority , especially not in my own country . 
  i think it mainly came from paris actually because i am positive that there are areas in which women are harassed due to them not wearing islamic/more modest clothing in those neighbourhoods . 
  however there definitely are areas in which white brits would never find themselves in in the bigger cities . 
  very problematic . 
  also in the uk it is definitely a muslim / `` christian '' segregation problem as hindu or non religious indians for example are known to move to suburbs and live alongside their white neighbours once they attain a certain level of wealth , therefore lessening segregation . 
  this does not occur with muslims . 
  the fact that italy is struggling to protect its maritime border can not be blamed on anybody else . 
  this is wrong . 
  the iran deal is a dud and everyone knows it , it only shows that iran 's true intention is to build a bomb , there is no economic case there for nuclear energy considering how rich it is in natural gases . 
  they will then use that bomb or threat of it to wield influence in the me . 
  really is n't the case . 
  many , many seats were only marginally higher snp votes than tory and labour came far behind in many non-urban instances . 
  many unionists do n't like/trust jc especially on fighting against a second referendum and the scottish tories have a very charismatic leader . 
  if anything , it will be a battle between labour and the snp in most of scotland as they both try to assert themselves as the proper left-wing party for scotland . 
  only die-hard independence supporters will vote snp along with the increasing levels of euroscepticism in scotland could bring more to vote labour as a party that can provide independence from both the uk and eu . 
  i 'm sorry but polling can not be taken seriously in the uk right now . 
  it really ca n't , thats been the last three elections and referendum that we 're talking about that they got wrong . 
  honestly the poll that gives most support to the tories right now is probably the right one considering how the one that predicted a hung parliament was an outlier . 
  i agree somewhat , but jeremy corbyn is really only appealing to the young , mainly because they 've never experienced his kind . 
  the older generation know of the hard-left in britain and will never vote for him . 
  combine this with the fact that the young do n't vote and the old do , it is very slim he 'll maintain the turnout he got . 
  also , all that ` success ' and he is still 50 seats from a majority ? 
  i also hate to break it to those on the left wing but a coalition of labour-snp-libdems-green-plaid cymru will never , ever be acheived . 
  i 'm not saying a jc pmship is impossible , you can never say that anymore but i seriously do n't think he will ever get enough support to be pm . 
  this form of protectionism is so lazy as well . 
  the steel manufacturers of europe of unionised much more than the us . 
  why the us does n't just ramp up competition is unbeknownst to me . 
  also , i 'm fairly certain that the eu would only be able to retaliate by increasing their own competition as is n't it against eu law for a state to give aid to a company ? 
  however , in terms of china , the amount of steel dumping that would take place , poor quality steel for that matter should be of concern for both the us and the eu/europe . 
  we should be collaborating on keeping the price of good quality steel low , encouraging the chinese to clean up their act . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  labour still needs to win about 50 more seats if they want a majority , and realistically if there were a second snap election , youth turnout would only decrease whereas the tories would make sure not to alienate their core base . 
  perhaps they would be able to get a leader that could point out jc 's policy flaws rather than just repeat the same insults . 
  what we saw last month was not an amazing job by jc , just a retarded campaign by the conservatives . 
  edit : i might add that i 'm surprised that lynton crosby has n't been given the sack yet , thats two important votes he 's been on in the last year and he 's cocked them both up . 
  perhaps the grauniad believes that by insulting it 's readers it can turn back the clock to bring us back into the eu . 
  i 'm not saying that the media needs to be supportive of brexit but christ if a viewspaper like the guardian is aiming to influence anybody you should n't start by ridiculing your readers and by lying about our neighbours . 
  forget mainstream currency , bitcoins ftw, 
  so are swathes of the uk . 
  so was winston churchill and margaret thatcher . 
  being a tory does not make you incredibly stupid . 
  i think it 's an interesting and nice idea . 
  it might help georgia distinguish itself from it 's soviet past and rediscover its identity . 
  it is possible to be pro-eu and anti-united states of europe at the same time . 
  this opinion is seen predominantly in scandinavian countries , ireland and eastern europe . 
  it makes no sense that countries like the baltic states and ireland whom longed for independence would be so willing to give it up . 
  if you held a referendum in each of the different eu states on membership whether or not they wish to be in a united states of europe in which all power is ceded to brussels and there was no longer danish citizenship or where latvian was no longer more of an identity than virginian and where one language became the standardised language , i 'm sure you would find all countries voting against that , even germany and belgium . 
  the fact of the matter is that many people do not believe that is the eu 's end goal . 
  i think that should be communicated better and more clearly , explaining to the populations of member states that if they do n't want to become a member of the united states of europe then they should leave . 
  sorry mate , never gon na happen !, 
  if you truly believe that then i wo n't bother trying to convince you otherwise . 
  just remember that only a very small amount of eu citizens are interested in a european state and that to force that on them could bring grave consequences for any form of eu . 
  chill out man . 
  not everyone in the eu wants further integration and the eu will soon discover that if they pursue it . 
  you have to be careful there . 
  you can not compare your desire for a unified european country to tolerance for minorities and acceptance of gay marriage . 
  they are two totally different things . 
  it is that exact thinking by many members of the uk 's previous labour government which led to people feeling alienated by the eu and viewing it as shadowy and undemocratic . 
  i just do n't really understand . 
  they have all the mosques they need , why do they need to start going to catholic religious sites ? 
  perhaps hurts germany 's ego , but realistically germany would be making a very big mistake if it were to trust the russians over the americans . 
  germany needs the gas and if they seriously believe that the russians can be trusted more than the us then they are out of their minds . 
  would you be shocked if they became an eu member state ? 
  i can totally see it happening in 20-30 years . 
  i would n't go to a christmas mass at a mosque , why are they praying in catholic sites ? 
  but if we keep picking them up , they will keep coming . 
  it 's the same as a terrorist attack , these things happen . 
  museum of broken relationships was one of the most interesting and quirky things i have ever come across . 
  there was also a very good museum of illusions too . 
  i love it . 
  i went up it in october and it felt like something out of `` the grand budapest hotel '' . 
  zagreb in itself is great for a 4-5 day holiday . 
  very cheap !,
