  quite frankly i think orban 's idea of the continuation of homogenous european states is not a bad one . 
  migration has widely changed this continent , and i think overwhelmingly not for the better . 
  come 2060 britain is meant to be one of the most ethnically diverse states on the planet . 
  i do n't want to become a minority in my own country . 
  it 's amazing is n't it . 
  there 's always somebody who avoids the bigger , more obvious problem because it makes them feel uncomfortable . 
  `` b-b-but ... muh crusades '', 
  this is deliberate . 
  no doubt we 'll see more of these as the jihadists return . 
  shit , i hope their injuries are n't that bad . 
  only cowards attack our bravest . 
  lol my bad, 
  sure we were through the same phase before but never to this extent . 
  never . 
  britain had a population of 15 million during the napoleonic era , before mass industrialisation . 
  almost 200 million years on we have a population of 65 million , about 4 times that amount and recently a lot of the growth has been immigration based . 
  uganda had a population of 5 million in 1950 , 150 years on it is predicted to have 202 million . 
  uganda is way too small for that . 
  this is ridiculous and denying it is only adding to the problem, 
  something needs to be done . 
  whether it is flooding africa with contraceptives and birth pills or as harsh as forced sterilisation something must be done . 
  the biggest mistake was granting africa with the medicine to save million of lives yet not foreseeing that without robust economies the people of these african countries feel incentivised to have children . 
  nigeria is predicted to have a population of 750 million by 2100 . 
  this is completely unsustainable . 
  we are only seeing the tip of the iceberg as it currently stands with the migration crisis taking place in europe right now . 
  europe will be flooded by african migrants and turn into some quasi south african ghetto where law and order will have broken down if we do n't fix this . 
  it 's a blog/opinion piece in a well respected uk conservative magazine `` the spectator '', 
   rights for irish citizens in the uk this one could be a bit different in comparison to the rest of the eu . 
  for some reason irish citizens can vote in our elections . 
  i presume there are more things they are allowed to do making them a foreigner + if you will . 
  i am surprised with this one tbh . 
  what is the need to move broadcasters ? 
  at the end of the day they do n't rig the elections . 
  you need to let the people decide . 
  well of course . 
  it 's the capital . 
  but it 's not even richer than non capital areas of europe . 
  london would probably be richer than almost all of europe . 
  lol, 
  well gee they 've been running so damn far , past all the safe countries and into finland !, 
  syrians are safe in western syria for gods sake , why do n't they just go there . 
  it 's obvious . 
  the general welfare system of our countries is the only reason why they come . 
  then what 's your excuse , the number of syrians and somalis has risen a lot in finland recently . 
  i wait until you experience the same race troubles we do . 
  again the grauniad talking down this country like the tossers they are . 
  honest to god , in the uk we did n't have these problems before we allowed mass non-white immigration . 
  there are legitimate attempts to whitewash our history and culture just to accommodate these newbies . 
  what the fuck, 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i said old people . 
  wow you 're hard, 
  it 's a bit different to give weapons to a legitimate state than to rebels . 
  also , whether or not that programme was popular , americans forget pretty quickly who their government is selling weapons to . 
  the us government would n't have given a shit , it 's much easier to sell the premise of giving weapons to the ukrainians to defend their territory than it is to `` rebels '' . 
  how this was not obvious to anyone is ridiculous . 
  just look at the actions of germany , italy and great britain as well as the visegrad group recently and it will show that behind all this talk of unity and european solidarity is bollocks . 
  people put their own countries and own interests first , it 's rational . 
  it does n't mean you need to support iran though ? 
  they both fund terrorist organizations in the middle east which have killed americans and europeans . 
  i would have thought europe would be even more weary of iran considering they are in bed with the russians . 
  you 're a fucking idiot if you go join isis . 
  we 're fucking idiots if we let you return . 
  christ you sound like a freeloader, 
  in china you would honestly still be pressed to find old people who know what the imperial japanese flag is . 
  it was such a widely rural and uneducated people . 
  if you told them that it was japan 's flag when they attacked china , then they would know what you were talking about . 
  i live in china and yes they do . 
  however , it is designated by province , so for example if you 're born in henan province , you can only receive healthcare there , if you get injured in guangdong province you will need to pay for treatment in guangdong province . 
   as for the direction in which germany and france want to change eu , britain in ue could stop it all by not agreeing . 
  i do n't trust the government of the uk to veto further integration . 
  the eu started as a trade block , now it is a political union , tony blair and the labour party allowed it to happen even though the british were not ok with the idea . 
  also , many europeans want further federalisation , who are we to stop that ? 
  our departure will allow for more federalisation , something many europeans desire . 
  also , if the brexit bill is too high , the logical approach is to refuse to pay , not to capitulate . 
  everybody knows the brexit bill is ridiculous , the uk will never pay such an amount , we might not pay at all because agreeing to pay for the bill will not guarantee us a good deal . 
  interesting . 
  i knew that being a member of the communist party helped . 
  unfortunately i do n't know much about soviet social history , but i feel that it was right to say that at least more equality could be expected in the ussr as it was an ideological goal and it had to an extent appear to be true . 
  in the usa there was no fear of admitting that society was radically unequal . 
  oh i see your point now and yes i agree . 
  europeans living with shitty living standards comparable to africa . 
  however the usa has always been unequal , russia was a country that had spent the last 75 years prior to 1991 trying to maintain equality in wealth . 
  or maybe because the people actually want brexit ? 
  that seems to be a difficult concept for the eu to understand . 
  the uk is incredibly eurosceptic and considering how the eu has acted since the brexit vote i would be surprised if we actually voted to remain should there be a second referendum . 
  not to mention the desire for many in the eu to further federalise . 
  a common eu army is something no brit except for the most europhilic of chaps would be ok with . 
  i would prefer if they had a democracy , a legitimate legal system , allowed opposition . 
  but hey , it does n't matter what i would prefer . 
  so long as the russians are happy , it 's their country after all . 
  as in the country has gotten more unequal in terms of wealth . 
  lol read what i wrote carefully, 
  the french ca n't even decide what they want so i do n't know how their leader is meant to gain their approval . 
  lol . 
  to think they were in competition with the us for the title of number 1 a mere 26 years ago . 
  the map at 1:30 is so fucking funny . 
  whoever made this video is both overzealous ( including iceland , norway , switzerland and ukraine sans crimea as well as all of the balkan states in the map of the eu ) and salty ( removing england , wales and n. ireland from the map and keeping scotland ), 
  i lived in moscow about 10 years ago and those pictures are so familiar . 
  i would hardly think much has changed .
