  personally i think they are going about it all wrong in both of the countries . 
  they need to improve the police force and security agencies . 
  they also need to focus on integrating the new migrants , especially in germany and cut foreign funding to mosques . 
  germany needs to monitor and punish islamic extremists in the same way they deal with nazi 's in their own country , for the migrants they have brought it are a breeding ground for hate ideology if migrants become frustrated in a state of limbo . 
  what do you personally believe would have helped you feel more danish ? 
  i think we need to examine why integration is struggling in europe . 
  i feel that a lot of people continue to keep in contact with their origin country , which would hinder your allegiance to your new country ? 
  is it the natives that make you feel unwelcome or not a part of denmark ? 
  i think the europeans told us no negotiations until we trigger it . 
  but then we said we would wait for french and german elections . 
  the problem with that is we 'll be dealing with a new french president , a parliamentary weaker angela merkel and probably a new italian prime minister as well as renzi has said if he loses the senate referendum he 'll quit . 
  that is a fair point , but do you think peace between western europeans needs agreements like the eu or nato ? 
  after all we have gone through , i think it is fair to say that the possibility of war is a far cry of that of somewhere like africa or the middle east . 
  sure but in western europe war is unforeseeable . 
  countries are too integrated via eu to risk war , declaring it would already damage the nation so much . 
  the thing is that i do n't think putin would ever directly confront the west , he will not invade any countries , he will support ` rebels ' in neighbouring countries , and if he does that somewhere like latvia then nato sends their troops in and kill all the rebels . 
  ok well if thats what you truly believe , if you think its gon na be as futile as that then leave nato as you obviously believe it 's not gon na help . 
  i 'm sorry but we are not talking about the baltic states who were actuality part of the ussr . 
  we are talking about poland which was a separate state . 
  ok i understand you wanting to keep emotions out of it , i agree , but you saying that the allies did not come to your defence is simply not true , the british and french declared war on germany when it declared the invasion of poland , that is historical fact , whether or not we sent troops to poland to fight the invasion is irrelevant and as we both know our history , would have resulted in mass casualties and still a defeat for the poles . 
  if there is a bitterness in poland over the occupation and the length of it then that is just bad luck , we stuck up for you by opposing germany . 
  the soviet occupation and puppet state status is unfortunate , but i think you will agree that the responsibility for that can not fall on the allies . 
  it was n't all for nothing , we prevented the germans from conquering all of europe , soviet occupation was n't what we wanted either , but at least you were your own nation state , under germany they planned to ethnically cleanse you and replace you with germans . 
  well thats great that those 5 countries are obeying the rules , why do n't the others ? 
  let 's be real , latvia is meant to be the next country on putin 's `` invade '' list , so why are n't they fufilling their obligations . 
  2 % of your gdp for guaranteed us support ? 
  not to mention various other armies such as british , french , italian and turkish armies coming to help as well . 
  it 's a good deal that they do n't seem interested in having . 
  is it the actual british cuisine you dislike or restaurants in london ? 
  i think even as an italian ( do n't worry , i know how you guys treasure your food ) you can find good italian restaurants run by actual italians , you 'll want to avoid the commercial chains such as ask italian and the like . 
  it 's the principle that matters , i think it genuinely upsets a lot of americans that their men would go off and die but the country that suffered invasion was n't spending what they agreed to spend . 
  i 'm an advocate for all countries to spend at least 2 % and i personally think they should be penalised if they do n't to the point of temporary expulsion from nato . 
  that 's not a fair judgement . 
  your government was in exile in our country and you had planes flying from our bases in the uk . 
  we did n't throw you under the bus , unfortunately that goes to czechoslovakia who we sacrificed for a meaningless peace of paper . 
  i do n't understand what you mean when you say we promised to stand by you and did n't , i think coming to your defence after saying we would is very much standing with you . 
  yes actually europeans , we may have voted leave but come and enjoy it here and our shopping , it might seem we 're xenophobic but you can trust that london is very different from the rest of our country , for better or for worse . 
  well us brits and the french did start ww2 for you , we effectively said goodbye to our empires in doing so , it 's very ungrateful to say we did nothing . 
  it seems that they are planning on implementing an eu army anyway , what i do n't understand is people 's anger towards trump saying he 'll pull out of nato if the baltic states do n't pay their 2 % gdp requirements . 
  they 're not performing their duties , why should the other members of nato ? 
  and to protect it 's citizens . 
  assume that everybody did stop trading with russia , they have enough resources due to their massive size that they would n't need the exports . 
  sure life would be tough , but it would be nowhere near as tough than if everybody stopped trading with a country like hungary . 
  economic size was not the only factor in determining whether it is a key player or not and whether or not countries depend on its economy . 
  take saudi arabia , it has the 20th large economy , but consider it create an oil embargo like it did with other opec nations in the 1970 's . 
  there would be massive economic fallout . 
  in these situations , russia would flourish , because it already has a lot of what it needs to survive any trade wars that come its way . 
  ah i see , so according to you , a country with the largest natural gas reserves , the 8th largest oil reserves , and the second largest coal reserves in the world does n't matter . 
  the commenter doth protest too much me thinks . 
  do n't get upset when you feel like you actually have to use some brain power to have a debate , you might actually enjoy it !, 
  i 'll answer your second point first , there is something known as gunboat diplomacy where it used to be used by colonial powers in order to get things that they wanted by showing off military strength in a deliberately provocative way in order to get the other country to submit . 
  you 're right , no country was forced to join , and we 're getting to leave as well , that does n't change the fact that countries who enjoy independence like switzerland are being consistently pressured by the eu into either abiding their laws and policies so effectively they would be joining or by shutting them outside in the cold and punishing them for a desire of sovereignty which is a key european ideal . 
  in response to being called the canada of europe , thank you very much thats very kind of you , our two countries are close buddies too do n't you know , but when it comes to economies being tied to neighbours , i think we all understand that at the end of the day , everybody 's economies are tied to the big daddies , china , the usa and of course russia . 
  the eu likes to think that it can maintain some sort of control over russia but if push came to shove and russia decided to retaliate against the eu over some sort of eu denouncement , russia would cut off oil from the eu , and as we have seen , their people can last a long time without support from other countries , in addition , the eu 's gdp is much bigger than the uk 's im not denying that , however in my opinion it would not be in the interest of the eu to punish britain for it 's decision to leave , a country like germany who effectively is the big daddy of the eu surely knows what happens when a country is beaten up and bruised and let to manifest in poor economic conditions with no consideration from foreign powers . 
  well one way of looking at this is by saying yes you are correct , but what about our trade relationship with the rest of the world ? 
  do you never stop and think that the eu bullies nations that are n't a part of it into trading with it and allowing free movement of people ? 
  it will try and effectively strangle the small countries until it becomes clear that their is no other choice but to trade with them . 
  countries like slovakia , hungary , bulgaria and even others that are n't in the eu such as albania and serbia know well and truly that the eu pushes the message , `` you ca n't beat us , join us '' very effectively . 
  haha, 
  from what ? 
  britain ? 
  this guy claims they 're not a part of it , and they were never in the eu . 
  hey if they 're happy the way they are , i say leave it that way , brexit ai n't changing much for them !, 
  nope . 
  my mistake , i meant dependency . 
  it would seem then that you belong to our royal family , and that your not part of our country . 
  you 're our property . 
  constituent country . 
  your loyalty still lies with us . 
  in the long term this will be fantastic for us , we will not need to live off of brussels ' teet ; re-establishing credentials in the wto will not be difficult at all , people talk about the uk losing its status as a top economic power , they will want to do deals with us , we 're the worlds 5/6th biggest economy !, 
  and we will be in nato but not in the eu , and it will work !, 
  if they ever did a photofit for the perfect british bobby , chances are the face they came up with would look a lot like pc keith palmer . 
  from the steady candour of his gaze to the half-smile on his lips , pc palmer looked ... well , he looked like a lot of things we should treasure . 
  he appeared kind and calm , the sort of copper who would send unruly kids on their way with a firm word , not one of those rulebook robots . 
  you did n't have to hear him speak to know that he would be unfailingly polite . 
  when two teenagers posed with him for a selfie during a visit to westminster last year , the kids pulled daft faces , but pc palmer gazed at the camera with amused forbearance . 
  `` i may be in your picture , lads , and happy to be so , '' the look said , `` but never forget that i am a police officer on duty . '' keith palmer never forgot . 
  manichean struggles belong in comic books ; real life is rarely so obligingly black and white . 
  but it 's not entirely fanciful to see what happened in london on the afternoon of 22 march as a clash of good and evil . 
  adrian elms ( aka khalid masood ) ran towards pc palmer brandishing two knives . 
  one man was prepared to lay down his life to murder indiscriminately for his hate-filled creed ; the other surely did n't want to die ( a wife and five-year-old girl were waiting at home ) , but his job required that , unarmed , he must move forward to confront the fanatic and protect the lives of others . 
  so he did . 
  some have claimed that the obsequies for pc palmer -- his body lying in rest at the palace of westminster , a cortege through the streets of london to southwark cathedral -- were over-the-top . 
  i disagree . 
  keith deserved a state funeral far more than most of the grandees inside the building he guarded . 
  it is their actions -- or , rather , their grievous , woeful inaction -- that have done so much to allow the scourge of radical islamism to flourish in this country . 
  a retired metropolitan police officer told twitter on the day of the funeral that the position pc palmer guarded used to be an armed post , but certain mps found the weaponry `` too oppressive '' . 
  i do n't know if that 's true . 
  even if it is n't , how perfectly it encapsulates a mindset among politicians who say `` we are not afraid '' , while fortressing their own workplace with yet more concrete pillars ; who utter self-soothing platitudes about `` democracy '' being safe , while 3,000 `` persons of interest '' to the security services are free to wander among the general public , like hand grenades waiting for the pin to be removed . 
  i 'm sorry if i sound bitter , but it becomes harder and harder to ward off cynicism when each terrorist attack in western europe meets with the same dishonest and evasive response . 
  the first thing that happens just after a massacre ( a word that is never ever used , please note ) is the gore and the brutality are played down . 
  we are allowed to look upon gassed twins in syria , their lovely faces growing pinched and waxen in their father 's arms , but a curtain must be drawn over the maimed bodies of our own victims . 
  as swiftly as is feasible , once they have removed the corpses and power-hosed the blood , attention turns to feelgood stories of heroism and survival . 
  the passive tense is adopted in news reports . 
  french teenagers deliberately mown down by a car travelling at 76mph on the pavement of westminster bridge are `` caught up in the violence '' . 
  exactly like that 11-year-old girl in stockholm on friday . 
  except she was n't `` caught up in the violence '' , was she ? 
  the poor child was murdered in broad daylight on a main street of the capital city of a country that has done more than any other to welcome muslim asylum seekers by a failed muslim asylum seeker . 
  quite by accident , i saw pictures of the stockholm carnage . 
  lying in the middle of the road , a woman had been severed from her leg , which lay a few feet away .
