  the falklands are part of the uk but they are not european . 
  vladivostok is part of russia but it is not european . 
  aruba is part of the netherlands but it is not european . 
  need i go on ? 
  this is an incredibly biased piece of reporting . 
  marine le pen is not her father , no matter what way you look at it . 
  it is clear , she will not win , fascism will not return to france . 
  i would be more concerned not over fascism but extremism of all types including of the right , the left and of islamism which are all springing up because of people who are tired and frustrated of being let down by the centrists and traditional political parties . 
  if macron of all people solves this problem , i will be surprised . 
  is this / r/europe and eu page or a europe page ? 
  because despite being part of the eu , there is no way you can call mayotte european . 
  and the eu and europe are n't interchangeable . 
  he seemed to revert into english a few times , but still i think that 's awesome . 
  i 'm in favour of that , not just for cities in venice but also for other cities around the world . 
  i 'm aiming at mcdonalds , burger king , and other multinational retailers like zara , lv , swarovski and others . 
  high streets are becoming way too homogenised . 
  i would definitely argue reagan though , he did much more to fight for liberty in europe then other us presidents of the time . 
  morality ? 
  the eu want to talk about morality ? 
  where were their morals when they crippled greece ... 
  reminds me of the european union , one country or even devolved parliament can block anything . 
  interestingly , this said that the french believed/believe that marine le pen ran/is running the better campaign . 
  refugees are n't going back home though , even long after the conflict is over . 
  do n't expect many of the refugees coming to europe now to go home either . 
  instead you have lots and lots of young men who are only qualified to do the most basic of jobs that we will soon have robots doing for us . 
  none of these guys were gon na become surgeons or lawyers ... 
  yeah that 's fair enough but a lot of people 's gripes do n't need to be solved by scrapping the eu , they just need to change the eu to better suit both parties . 
  stronger border control is certainly a concern of many europeans , especially considering it has become apparent that the eu is unable to prevent masses of people poring into the eu . 
  that can surely be solved and please both types of people . 
  to be fair , us citizens have been killed in the recent terrorist attacks here in europe . 
  whoops , was it sarcasm ? 
  tony 's aims of becoming president of europe have shattered , therefore he must reenter the fray . 
  i find it amusing how he called the hatred some people feel for him hurtful . 
  i wonder how our troops feel , needless to say the millions of iraqis ... 
  is he the german politician who is always making slightly unstatesmanlike comments ? 
  `` diversity is strength '' try telling that to the societies dealing with problems resulting from radical ` diversity ' . 
  then perhaps it would be wise for french politicians and the eu to consider the concerns of those voting for eurosceptics . 
  is it just me or is this just again the most recent story of a politician making a ` no free lunch ' or ` you ca n't have your cake and eat it ' comment ? 
  i 'm not deriding the aim , i just see something like this everyday on r/europe . 
  you have to wonder why they would do that . 
  it is so obvious nowadays if you plagiarise a speech . 
  twitter is full of fact checkers . 
  mccain is a warhawk , he is always interested in pushing for us influence where it need n't be . 
  it 's clear that merkel is a statesman , much like bismarck or schmidt . 
  whether or not you agree with her on everything it is clear that for the most part she remains popular and in touch with germans . 
  well , that 's fair enough , but the direct consequence of having a fairer democracy is that unionism wins and nationalism 's influence is weakened . 
  the general opinion in the uk is that mp 's are local representatives to westminster and because of that they are voted in by the people residing in their constituency . 
  how are constituencies given mp 's in holland ? 
  we all have our different interests . 
  trash, 
  i 'm all for electoral reform , i 'm pro-unionist and it would largely keep nationalist parties out of parliament . 
  aha i think that is the case . 
  the damned eternal anglo !, 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/flanders-fabrics-face-brexit-backlash/ this was the article that came to mind when i was writing earlier . 
  i think i also found it pretty important considering that flanders ' parliament can veto any trade deal . 
  i do n't have anything to back it up right now but i think the uk has quite a lot to do with the swedish economy ? 
  ( not certain though ) it 's clear though as well that if an amicable agreement can not be reached then the uk and the eu will have to revert to wto rules which will damage both side . 
  i do n't entirely understand why a fta can not be agreed without freedom of movement , because does n't the eu have other fta 's with other countries without the need for freedom ? 
  when did the eu sanction austria ? 
  this makes sense . 
  a union of 27 members needs to attempt to get its ship in order for these negotiations . 
  large parts of the eu 's economy is dependent on aspects of the uk and they need to decide on how they approach this . 
  i do n't really understand why this is news . 
  lack of trust in the euro was a surprise , i had not thought support was that high in greece and italy . 
  it 's interesting to note that the people with the least support for it are not even in it . 
  is there an argument for the euro other than its usefulness in moving around europe using the same currency . 
  living in the uk i am used to hearing euro bashing so it would be interesting to know the other benefits . 
  britain started coming to the school from another neighbourhood school and always spends their time talking about how much better it was . 
  they liked some aspects of their new school but have decided that it would be better if they spent less time there and just move back to their old one . 
  the other kids are concerned saying that they want to remain friends and are wondering whether the move is the best idea . 
  i 'm liking the tram comeback . 
  would love to have more in britain . 
  can confirm , articles on tiananmen square will not load and looking them up will make every search you do slower for the next couple of minutes . 
  so if they lose they 'll go 1488 ? 
  i was under the impression that people thought they would go 1488 if they won as well . 
  it 's probably more likely that the other side of the political spectrum get angry . 
  m\u00e9lenchon did n't get to the second round and his supporters were pissed !, 
  mate , i have n't deleted any posts , i 've got nothing to hide . 
  edit : lol i just checked your post history and realised what you political orientation is . 
  no need to bash me mate i 'm no fash !, 
  lol , find me a `` far-right '' post and we can talk about it . 
  i was under the impression that she was less of a traditionalist than her father . 
  i believed she was at odds with her niece who was much more conservative . 
  i also thought that phillipot was her right hand man and i did n't know there was any tension between them . 
  well , mlp 's top assistant is gay is n't he ? 
  is n't this an incidence of mlp 's dad spouting outdated policy ? 
  perhaps i misunderstood the 1991 referendum question but was n't it asking crimea whether it wanted to become an autonomous soviet socialist republic ? 
  did that not take place ? 
  the wikipedia article implies it did so . 
  well , in regards to crimeans not wanting to be a part of ukraine , it is n't a matter of crimea rejoining ukraine but by international law they never left , and are instead being occupied by russia . 
  i believe that the right way to go about it would be for russian occupation to stop and then for a referendum to be held in crimea on whether or not to join russia or stay with ukraine . 
  again , this would be watched by international groups to ensure there is no foul play . 
  if crimeans wish to become part of russia , they could prove that in this referendum . 
  then it would be legal and recognised by the rest of the world . 
  sure but the first referendum was implemented . 
  the second one took place whilst crimea declared itself independent if i 'm not wrong , thereby being illegal . 
  the third took place whilst crimea was under the occupation of russia , therefore illegal again . 
  i 'm proposing that russia return crimea to ukraine and an internationally monitored referendum take place to decide its status . 
  well crimea is sovereign territory of ukraine . 
  if the citizens of crimea want a referendum on whether or not to become part of russia then that can be organised .
