  pity too , it 's a country with so much potential . 
  refugees who are stateless are never really such . 
  it is virtually impossible to be stateless without deliberate action such as the destruction of one 's papers . 
  but immigration is cool ? 
  they 're arguments are very similar to the anti-immigration arguments of the right . 
  it 's like euro-africa lol, 
  well london is 10 million people . 
  including the areas around it , you 're looking at many more . 
  wales is about 3 million people though . 
  scotland is only 5 million and northern ireland is about 1 million . 
  england does n't have it 's own devolved parliament and instead we spend our time trying to make sure that you lot are living comfortably . 
   besides , any business interest for a country in eu is a business interest for the entire eu . 
  no it is n't . 
   presumably for eu countermeasures against the usa . 
  that is speculation at this point . 
   stop pretending to be dense . 
  it 's perfectly obvious what i mean . 
  the majority of countries in the eu are for nordstream and for countermeasures against the usa . 
  you literally have no evidence for that claim . 
   do n't act like the us does n't benefit from its occupation of europe . 
  a fully united continent , whether behind russia or for itself , is something no american politician really wants , as much as they might try to make it seem otherwise . 
  for another example of how the us benefits from occupying europe , look into the military-industrial complex . 
  the top 1 % ? 
  yeah he probably benefits . 
  the average american though ? 
  he does not benefit from us troops in europe . 
  62 million americans voted for a man who said he would take us troops out of europe and not defend a nato member who was not paying 2 % of their gdp towards spending . 
  it is clear that americans themselves do n't want to pay for european defence . 
   a fully united continent , whether behind russia or for itself , is something no american politician really wants , as much as they might try to make it seem otherwise . 
  just going over this bit again , some days you hear on this sub that the us wants a united europe and was instrumental in its planning , on other days you hear that the us is actively looking for ways to destroy ` muh precious union ' . 
  make up your mind . 
   that 's still not the entire eu though . 
  and . . ? 
  what does that have to do with this ... ? 
   that article states that italy is against nordstream 2 for economic reasons , not security ones . 
  this does n't directly contradict the article i posted to do with italy 's stance on potential eu countermeasures . 
  irrelevant . 
  italy is still against it . 
  for christ 's sake you 're practically incoherent here . 
  you definitely do n't strike me as a native english speaker . 
  and stop claiming it 's just germany who wants to respond to us foreign policy , that is a lie and we both know it . 
  lol , is your technique to insult those you disagree with ? 
  teach me master . 
   not necessarily . 
  i 've already shown that italy is against nordstream 2 for its own reasons but is for eu countermeasures against the usa . 
  could be the same thing here and either way he has n't stated his position yet so this is all just speculation . 
  that is true . 
  i agree with you here . 
   that 's an opinion held mainly in the east of europe . 
  most western and even most northern and southern members of the eu hold a more realistic view of the us . 
  also , why are we the ones who should be trying not to ` upset ' an ally ? 
  why ca n't americans just keep to themselves ? 
  i 'm sure americans would like to keep to themselves . 
  why should they pay for europe 's protection when they could be improving infrastructure in their own country or putting money into some other financially lacking institution ? 
  when push comes to shove europe has much more overall faith in the us than russia no matter what you 're trying to convey . 
   i do n't believe they 've criticised it though , seeing as it does n't really involve them . 
  i do n't really care what you `` believe '' , these are the facts . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-denmark-gazprom-pipeline-idukkbn17b039  that 's wrong , at least with italy . 
  italy is also with germany on this , see the article below . 
  here is an article that would disagree with that claim : https://www.naturalgasworld.com/the-italian-ally-in-the-v4-gas-security-battle-30857  oh wow , 9 countries . 
  that 's even less than the 13 countries who the shills in this thread are claiming are against eu countermeasures and that 's not even a majority itself . 
  you know instead of calling other people shills it might be an idea to formulate a better argument . 
  regardless of the number , it shows considerable opposition to the plan that germany disregards with arrogance and a paternalistic attitude . 
  even one country or parliament is enough to derail these projects in the eu so it is important to consider member states . 
   mr. tusk is a critic of that project but i 'm not aware of any statements by him on the proposed eu countermeasures . 
  he is not in favour of the nordstream ii project , and the us sanctions towards russia are to stop nordstream ii . 
  it is clear that he would not be supportive of countermeasures towards the us . 
   uhhh ... the people of the eu who want to have an independent foreign policy not dictated to them by washington wannabe-emperors ? 
  funnily enough you might find that there are many eu member states that are rather fond of the us and are supportive of it 's foreign policy considering it freed them from soviet oppression . 
  they would be the countries not looking to upset an ally . 
  sweden every day lol, 
  whoa now friend , let 's not get too upset . 
  ok , let 's consider that austria , holland , france and germany are supportive of nordstream . 
  you still have denmark , sweden and norway who have given no formal approval to the project . 
  on top of that , italy and hungary have both criticised the project . 
  finally , 9 eu countries signed a letter to the ec complaining about the plan . 
  even mr. tusk has said nordstream ii is useless . 
  considering all of that , who would back eu countermeasures towards the us ? 
  lol of course i know what gcse 's are . 
  you ever heard of a-levels either pal ? 
  i 'm not on a payroll , this pipeline does not help the eu it helps germany , consider the other members of the union rather than just for the benefits of germany . 
  at the end of the day , it does n't matter what britain thinks , but if you want to hop into bed with russia and have them gripping ee by the balls then so be it . 
  have a read of this while your at it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_disputes your making a big mistake if you want to trust the russians and sour relations with the us . 
  jesus i would n't be surprised after the last 70 years . 
  germany does n't want the sanctions because it wants to complete it 's pipeline with russia . 
  eastern europe do not want to be dependent on russia for gas ( i wonder why ... ) nor do they want to lose money from the pipelines crossing through their territory . 
  but of course what germany wants is what 's best for europe ... 
  they are going to hurt germany . 
  big difference . 
  i doubt eastern europe will be too happy about this . 
  russia is an enemy of europe and the us and they will be the only ones winning from this petty german squabble . 
  it 's time for germany to realise that the us is right this time . 
  brilliant, 
  we have the largest haredi community outside israel i think , but that 's tiny minority of our jewish population anyway . 
  so jews should n't have a homeland ? 
  sturgeon would claim anything to give her a second referendum . 
  i do n't think you or the people of scotland understand . 
  they are called the scottish nationalists , independence is their one and only goal . 
  they are xenophobic english bashing socialists who leech of the uk . 
  the only reason why scots enjoy such a lifestyle as they do in scotland currently is because the english , welsh and northern irish try to satsisfy their every need , and the nationalists still manage to fuck up scotland .
