  argentina took it from us , we took it back from them , they invaded us again , we took it back , the people voted to stay british , what more justification do you need ? 
  why would a common eu defence plan persuade the british to remove military bases in those respective areas ? 
  eu interests differ from british interests . 
  what ? 
  there was a massive uproar on this subreddit when trump wanted to do deals with individual countries in the eu like germany rather than the whole eu . 
  why should the eu undercut the authority of the federal government , if they continue to underline that the 27 countries of the eu are to be negotiated with all together ? 
  issues like gibraltar ? 
  gibraltar is sovereign british territory and has been for longer than it has been spanish territory . 
  if we are being asked to give it `` back '' to the spanish , then perhaps in turn the spanish should give back melilla and ceuta to the moroccans . 
  no more importing of muslims and africans please . 
  europe is our home . 
  they have their own countries . 
  the shy tory effect is always in play . 
  the reason the polls make everything look so close now though is because of the number of young people saying they will vote labour . 
  they do n't normally turn up to the polls anyway though so the actual result remains to be seen . 
  who can it be now ? 
  who can it be now ? 
  they are still muslims , i never said all muslims . 
  it 's just stating that it wo n't be a christian trying to kill you for depicting mohammed . 
  do n't know if all those points really put corbyn on the `` right '' side of history ... 
  have you seen some of the graniaud 's articles recently ... ? 
  i just find any argument like the one you have just made to be a bit weak . 
  ok , yes , going after someones prophet is hurtful , but it is done time and time again towards christians and yet nobody is killed . 
  islam is the only religion in which its followers react this way after being mocked , that needs to be highlighted and in fact i would argue that they should be mocked for the way they act even more . 
  it 's like people are saying , `` do n't mock muslims , because they 'll kill you if you do '' , it should n't be tolerated . 
  mock a tory , everybody laughs . 
  draw mohammed , muslims will try to kill you . 
  i do n't remember any tories murdering someone for a cartoon of boris . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  yes it is the same if you look at the bigger picture . 
  oh wow you found one example of a coalition , that will not change the fact that coalitions are so extremely unlikely to ever occur ( therefore i say never ) . 
   you 're strangely ignorant of your own country you realise that was perhaps the first coalition in 40 years . 
  this is in opposition to european politics in which the government is almost always in a coalition to govern . 
   otherwise , the political situation would descend into chaos as we would see all sorts of strange coalitions among different meps in the british parliament , since the parliament will have a strong say , with a hapless pm looking on . 
  i do n't really think you know much about british politics . 
  parties never make coalitions with each other , it is much more likely that there be another election . 
  also , meps are in the european parliament , not the british parliament . 
  still going on about that 60 billion meme, 
  why should the eu be pissed at us ? 
  they all act tough but the only anti-immigration party in the uk is ukip , all the others just have varying degrees of pro-immigration with the tories wanting economic migrants and labour desiring every 3rd world citizen to turn up . 
  it 's not really desperation to point out that corbyn was supportive of bombing campaigns on the country that he wishes to be the leader of . 
  may might have her flaws but she has not appeared on iranian state tv and shared platforms with anti-semites . 
  the man can not fill his own shadow cabinet , forget running the country . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  can the eu focus on itself and stop alienating the one country in the middle east the most similar to europeans ? 
  he 's great , one of slovenia 's best exports , along with melania ofc, 
  not to argue with you , but considering the eu also says that there red line is no compromise on the 4 values of the eu , how is that not the same ? 
  what did may violate ? 
  three parties want stricter border controls , 1 wants open borders . 
  open borders at a time like this ... ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i am against horrible excessive abuse from parents to children but speaking from experience , smacking or spanking is a viable punishment , and it really only came from my mum . 
  good that merkel 's position is stable . 
  better for germany , better for the eu , better for the world . 
  lol , `` schulz is winning g-guys , d-don ' t worry about it !, 
  scheude r-right g-guys ? '', 
  i do n't remember sweden or germany colonising bangladesh or morroco . 
  but forgetting that , why do current europeans need to pay for the sins of our fathers ? 
  i have nothing to do with that yet want to live in an orderly non-reactionary continent . 
  you have to be blind to not see what the migrant crisis is doing to public services and popular opinion in europe . 
  no we wo n't because the migrant crisis is tearing this continent apart . 
  that part of the world at that time was so sparsely populated , you would really struggle to find actual descendants of those people . 
  bruh, 
  6 months old tho ... 
  oh well , shame they probably wont gain more than 12 % of the vote . 
  while we are a member we are still entitled to make decisions . 
  i know it 's not morally just and does n't make any long term sense the same sort of thing is being seen on the eu side as well , making us pay for projects we wo n't benefit from , etc. 
  at the end of the day , the majority of australians , the white christian european group dominate and have their own culture , how that is any different from europe i am not too sure . 
  a lot of journalists and commentators as well as normal people have identified the vote to leave as a combination of many factors , one of them being the large amount of immigration to the uk from eastern european eu states , namely poland . 
  tony blair and the labour government could have had a 4 year limitation on eastern european immigration ( i think it was 4 years ) , that was offered to them by the eu to ease the integration process and prevent the mass immigration that occurred . 
  naively , tony thought that more immigrants would lead to more support from them for the labour party , something he completely ill judged when it became obvious that if polish people vote , it tends to be for the conservative party . 
  pent up anger and frustration towards the new arrivals by many brits was directed towards the eu and is a large contributor to the vote . 
  tl ; dr tony allowed large migration from the eu , brits did n't like this , they blamed eu , vote to leave, 
  his actions since his governing have led the british people to despise him even more . 
  he has completely avoided that he is responsible for british involvement in the deaths of millions of people . 
  he is also responsible for the brexit vote , which is ironic considering how much he fights against it , ignoring the undemocratic reasoning behind it . 
  are they self identifying as republicans then ? 
  fair enough , i could n't infer that from the article . 
  well , i suppose we 'll see what flexibility he has after he meets with merkel . 
  i imagine i 'm like many on this sub , skeptical over what the eu will actually allow . 
  interestingly this article does n't actually say anything . 
  macron is clear that he wants worker protection rights in the eu but he is the president of france first and foremost and until he can prove success there then i see no reason that merkel would take any of his suggestions seriously . 
  at the end of the day , they should allow for a referendum , that is an aspect of democracy . 
  i have heard from spanish posters that a referendum for a region to leave is constitutionally impossible but from the experience of the scottish referendum , it 's best to allow for a referendum rather than just leave pent up angst due to not allowing one . 
  why do some spanish posters use a different flag than the official spanish one ? 
  this is not a moment for celebration nor for relief . 
  this is a moment in which changes need to be made . 
  `` takes a step into the unknown '' marine le pen has been in french politics for years and emmanuel macron is essentially the replacement for hollande considering he is so unpopular . 
  there is nothing unknown about this election , nor will there be any change . 
  who are they trying to kid ? 
  i swear they have said multiple times that they do n't expect to win this year ? 
  honestly !, 
  slow news day ? 
  plus theres a paywall . 
  regardless of who wins the french election , there will be no change . 
  macron wo n't solve the problems of france or the eu , but neither would le pen . 
  regardless of the economic problems , plenty of europeans have had enough of mass scale immigration , especially in the working classes , except the movements and parties that claimed to represent them love immigration because it will win them votes . 
  therefore , rise of the right . 
  i 'm not arguing that it is n't part of the eu . 
  i 'm arguing that it is n't part of europe .
