why ? 
  needs more scope thingies . 
  elite spearmen beat all . 
  hey i 'd be terrified of armed dutch cyclists . 
  they dont even need to be armed . 
  was singing in character , the character is she , so i 'll use she . 
  she was a very talented act , beard or no . 
  the novelty may have helped , but she would at least have been a contender were she totally generic . 
  unless you 're dealing with large corporations . 
  deutsche bank has no trouble moving people into frankfurt who do n't know a word of german . 
  usually from their london offices . 
   professional spaniards do you have to be certified ? 
  that said , you won with lordi . 
  sometimes the audience just wants to get hit in the head with an ax . 
  we can crush you . 
  please be our friend . 
   * voice of russia , in an article called `` the annihilation of romanian land forces '' , said we would n't last more than 30 minutes in case of war there 's also some propaganda about us planning to annex some parts of ukraine lol :d romanian imperialists  ) russia really feels the need to remind itself it could invade eastern europe if it felt like it . 
  really ? 
  as an american i fled to the british uni system it part because the us was too `` well-rounded '' . 
  `` rouble tried to plunge and central bank had to sell 11 + billions usd during single day to stop the fall + central bank had to raise cost of credit by as much as 1.5 % ( from 5.5 . to 7 % ) to prevent currency devaluation , yet rouble is still dropping past official course ( even during weekend - i 'm not sure how is this possible ? 
  ) ; '' forex trading is decentralized so trading can happen at all times , including some on weekends though the interbanks do n't operate then . 
  there 's also orders being put in which will go through monday . 
  plus there 's the good ol' fashioned black market . 
  also it 's pretty amusing to see this on the same page as russia threatening to get rid of its dollar reserves . 
  by the sounds of it it will have to out of desperation !, 
  owe is a surprisingly complex legal concept . 
  then you might be able to explain this sukuk bond because i ca n't really tell how the argument can fly . 
  how can the return be considered a rent ? 
  yes . 
  the overall principle of islamic finance is to allow profit sharing and risk pooling but not things that leave a person in debt to someone else or betting on risk . 
  the hope is to avoid situations where one person can demand the life or livelihood of another because of a loan . 
  mind you this is a religion with a lot of scholarly interpretation , but i think a lot of europeans would quite like the aims of these restrictions . 
  dividends and capital appreciation are still generally allowed . 
  they 're explained as profit sharing which is permissible . 
  that does n't give us any info on the schools themselves , but it is a point to lean in favor of shanghai . 
  that 's a concern that keeps coming into my head . 
  when i see shanghai 's score i get the feeling i 'm really seeing a rep sample of its school population but a selection , conscious or unconscious , of its top performers being prepped . 
  that may be a very small portion of the age group there . 
  sadly i ca n't find anything to confirm or deny . 
  i 've seen scores broken down more . 
  i 've seen them for us states at least . 
  especially as it seems downgrades have become popular in recent years . 
  upgrades on the other hand , are a much more interesting thing to look at given it fights the doom trend of the agencies . 
  that terrifies the english too , do n't worry about it . 
  you lot seem to be siblings with a very long history . 
  * english and french . 
  i 'm an american in london, 
  remember citizenship is a different matter than legal alien . 
  in the united states at least the latter gives you pretty much all the privileges of citizenship and the taking years bit is just a matter of naturalization . 
  as was george v, 
  [ this is all i need to know ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3k2mojokkg ), 
  then wikipedia is using a different definition then i 've ever dealt with . 
  it should be noted that these numbers can vary wildly . 
  i have a few methods used to calculate in germany and the measures vary from 8 % to 30 % . 
  i do n't know what they 're doing here exactly though . 
  no it does not . 
  it does however include the smuggling of legal products to avoid tax/regulation , esp . 
  alcohol in tobacco . 
  that sounds true for every country though . 
  the old `` everyone used to be able to keep their doors unlocked '' thing . 
  there will never be a valid reason to know the capital of south dakota . 
  even if you live there . 
  my understanding is they 're found in europe reguarly enough that governments actually have doctrines for finding unexploded ordinance . 
  i like a lot of what you said , but the little daily mail writer in my head burst for joy with the free drug thing . 
  why do you think we colonized everything ? 
  skies can be blue ? 
  that mug . 
  i drink out of a mug with my school name on it like an american . 
  nationality fits too ? 
  the debates sweden has from time to time always make even my bleeding heart self jerk my head and say `` really now '' . 
  was n't there something with a gender neutral preschool earlier ? 
  sounds like a pretty standard family values platform there . 
  meddling is what we do best :d, 
  american irish love nothing more than meddling in irish affairs . 
  it can certainly be within purview and still dumb . 
  this is where you 'll get the most interesting and useful responses . 
  i was going to say , this sounds exactly like goodbye lenin, 
  ah yes , i do n't want to mark all poles of crazy catholics . 
  there just seems to be a nationalism to it , like `` i am polish so i am catholic '' without really caring about the religion . 
  the irish are like that too . 
  the poles like to make a particular point out of not being russia it seems . 
  catholicism is one of their big diffrrences, 
  i 'm murican when i feel like it . 
  do n't question it it will only hurt your head . 
  i 'm resident in britain now and have been the past few years . 
  i 'm an american citizen though and intend to remain it . 
  nobody is taking / r/murica seriously . 
  except when we feel like it . 
  fuck you its our country . 
  if chapman is our standard for russian intel agents , then yeah , its prob two russians pretending to be american badly . 
  well then the ukrainian farmers can sell their farms to the danish and then retire from farming by buying a house on old dutch farmland !, 
  then we compete the cycle . 
  i 'm an american in england . 
  i get double the love . 
   de gaulle is our most beloved modern figure and directed the course of modern french politics and also one of the most hated in charge when france nearly collapsed in 1968 . 
  it 's france though , love and hate are the same thing it seems . 
  the stuff coming out of the imf has actually been far more favorable to greece compared to the ecb and commission . 
  was frankfurt as willing as the imf here , i doubt we 'd be seeing this current crisis . 
  not that the imf does n't have its skeleton , but it does n't have one with greece right now . 
  the heart attack grill is a gimmick place , in fairness .
