https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/feb/18/tesco-bows-to-customer-demand-in-selling-straight-croissants we will never forgive british food tastes . 
  any democracy should have a 2 long-mandate maximum . 
  sometimes i wish i was italian . 
  you do n't like a lot of people , do you ? 
  still better than youtube comments, 
  well they were pretty close during ww2 . 
  regarding the challenge , it 's kinda impressive . 
  lovely album and lovely country . 
  since i visit reddit , italy is back on the top of my list of countries i want to go again and again . 
  * i like germans because they can win or achieve anything they set their mind to . 
  * i like britishmen because i feel we are the same people , only with different qualities . 
  * i like belgians because we are almost brothers . 
  * i like italians because their country is so beautiful and amazing . 
  * i like spanish because they are all so nice and know how to enjoy life . 
  first time since brexit that i feel very sad for the poor old british people , who have to endure your presence . 
  magnificient pictures , i so want to go there now !, 
  i say yes to more european cooperation !, 
  i love it :d, 
  schools have student exchange deals . 
  if you accent less students , you will be able to send less student overseas , it 's as simple as that . 
  and do i need to explain you the benefits of being educated in a foreign country and welcoming foreign students inside your classroom ? 
  europeans are in favor of trade deals , but not at any condition just for the sake of it . 
  the eu will sign the deal if the deal when it is fair and it 's not the case actually . 
  but us are interested in a compact europe and army , because they have 1 point of contact instead of 20 so yeah , but in the same time the us are always playing the division card against the eu , like when g w bush refused to speak with a representative from the eu and went instead to every country one by one . 
  they know they have more power when they are 1vs1 , like when they pressured the uk to go to irak . 
  this is so funny . 
  so he is both threatening the eu and making false promise about a 20 % increase in trade in less that 10 lines ? 
  great , i am even more against this deal just to piss him off . 
  i do n't understand how a country can crackdown on international students . 
  it 's a lot of money for your economy and a huge vector of international influence . 
  pretty cool spot , although i 'd like to see the other sides of romania that did n't make it to the video x ' ), 
  good news . 
  urbanism should take the history of a city into account . 
  we do n't want every city to look like a smaller version of new york, 
  only when france has the bad role , is n't it strange ? 
  they are probably insured against theft or problems anyway . 
   h only one seat , and the other side with 2 seats . 
  also it 's possible to have more than one spot with group of 4 seats facing each others . 
  it depends , as each tgv line have its own configuration ( s ) . 
  also in 1st , i 've had a meal and drink when going to amsterdam , but never when travelling inside france well the objective differences : - he came in politics only 2 years ago - he is not supported by any party - he promised to have at least 50 % of newcomers from the civic society in his team, 
  so angela merkel reminds you of your crush ? 
  no the minimum age to become president is 23 in france , for whatever reason . 
   's during t well the scandals keep coming and coming so it may well get worse . 
  even is fans will be tired of defending him . 
   corrupt french people love to argue , complain and speak about politics . 
  we often haven political debate in prime time . 
  that 's indeed pretty unique , especially compared to the us & britain were political or religious ideas are taboo . 
  iraq war started in 2003 , the electionwas in 2002, 
  i have been mislead by google translat :'(, 
  the french right has always been drowned under corruption allegations . 
  it 's nothing new to them , just yell `` it 's a complot '' and you 're fine, 
  no i think he is talking about fillon 's wife . 
  the role of the state is to protect vulnerable people . 
  if you drink more than 50cl of soda during 1 lunch , yeah you are definitely vulnerable . 
  errelevant comparison . 
  the french president and eu leaders are trying to save the eu , not to destroy britain . 
  britain chose brexit democratically and knowing the consequences . 
  we do n't need soda refill seriously , i 'm totally in favour of this measure . 
  drink your 50cl soda , you do n't need more . 
   vote for fillon , if he end up gains ' t le pen i 'll either voter for her or not vote at all , depending on their campaigns . 
  i would have vote for jupp\u00e9 agains ' t mlp . 
   that said , fillon is already in denial of his prima yep but he is in denial to get voters , there is a pretty good chance he will try to enforce his original program if he is elected . 
  the bad thing is he was elected because he was seen as a reformist . 
  how do you appear as a reformist for the right ? 
  just promise twice what your opponent said . 
  twice as less fonctionnaires , twice as more woring hours ... 
  your stats are wrong from start to end . 
  fillon is a very bad candidate . 
  the right could have chosen the good option , that one could have pleased the right , the center and the left . 
  they went full retard and chose an extrem right catholic candidate , one that could loose to le pen . 
  seriously , that was a very bad election . 
  when clinton was nominated , nobody was seriously expecting trump to win . 
  she defintely was the safer bet over sanders . 
  the eu wants to punish country who did n't punish cheating companies for political reasons . 
  seems good to me that someone is trying to make the countries enforce their own rules whoever is guilty . 
  no pity for company bypassing climate and health regulations !!, 
  you are delusioning yourself if you think individuals own resources . 
  the entry cost to this market is so high it 's 99,99 % big companies , and these big companies are lobbying a lot . 
  no , resource and energy are often part of geopolitical influence and therefore deeply linked to politics . 
  this blog is amazing , i really recommend to look to other articles . 
  i did n't, 
  i do n't want to read this article . 
  i have to admit i am surprised france is under the average for the hate of muslims after what happened . 
  well it 's not exotic to speak english with an accent , 90 % of the world population do . 
  it 's more unusual to see a unsual french accent , and you can also see it as a proof of interest rather than a critic ? 
  i love these posts , keep doing please !, 
  one can not deny it was a big part of her lack of credibility . 
  she was made fun of on tv , on the internet ... she even had to make a video to say that her accent was an example of france diversity and not a disadvantage . 
  the goal of primaries is to unite the different trends of the left and right sides because you can not win an election with 6 differetn candidates so close . 
  melanchon and macron are playing solo for political reasons only . 
  actually nobody cares , same thing for paris mayor anne hidalgo however it 's true they do n't have an accent . 
  eva joly , a norwegian lawyer , was in charge of the green party for the 2012 presidential election and made a catastrophic impression because of her heavily pronounced accent . 
  well as far as i know , the us still have the `` in god we trust '' motto on money and the president or anyone in a court still has to swear on the bible , right ? 
  no housing problem in portugal lol, 
  it 's just stuff i have seen on / r/europe , do n't hesitate to give me the name of some cool places, 
  it 's just stuff i have seen on / r/europe , do n't hesitate to give me the name of some cool places, 
  it 's a big sump of the beautiful diaporama people post on reddit !, 
  i am trying to avoid the well-known touristic places and give you some less-know beautiful villages . 
  let me know what i should add in your country , 
  yeah , who cares about social rights and other european countries as long as companies are coming , right ?
