  oh , sweden with the minimalistic design again . 
  found the meme warrior, 
  god of war mars . 
  up north we do n't go with girly loser-latin . 
  this , i like this , mostly because it 's reasonable and looks to be feasible in the short to mid term future . 
  da kings , queens and presidents in da norf . 
  denmark has a stronger economy and is better for entrepreneurs ? 
  you jest i 'm sure . 
  you need only to take the amount of innovative companies competing on a regional/global stage to debunk that theory . 
  language groups and genetic distance really overlaps when you look at britain , nv europe and scandinavia/nordics . 
  quality was ass though , vehicles broke down more often than a claustrophobic in a coal mine . 
  e : i 'm talking about jerry . 
  build a million different versions and types of vehicles making production a nightmare . 
  build a few versions and types but very , very many . 
  choose wisely . 
  ha , i 've seen this movie http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2870612/, 
  this map is stupid , criminal/gang related violence gets labeled as terror attacks . 
  but does donnie ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i kid . 
  yes . 
  consensus as used in science is not the same as consensus is normally used . 
  all theories gets attacked again and again , when the theory stands up to the attacks and is proven `` true '' a consensus has been reached that it is correct . 
  stop . 
  i 'm wetting my breeches from giggling . 
  so / r/sweden but a smaller subreddit ? 
  holy odin 's hairy balls . 
  benidorm was my first holiday visit with my mates and no parents at 17 . 
  this gives me ptsd . 
  i must say your username made me giggle . 
  it goes against swedish judicial praxis , no-one can get a guarantee before it is tried in court , be it a drug dealer ratting out his bosses and wanting a plea bargain or assange . 
  which have less then zero to do with any extradition of assange from sweden to the us . 
  swedish, 
  under no circumstances , that 's just what ill-informed tinfoilpeeps think . 
  sweet poetic justice indeed . 
  a swedish prison would have been better for his mental and physical health though . 
  who cares about a narcissistic megalomaniac 's feelings ? 
  how the hell can you allow foreign agents beat up your citizens ? 
  oh my god , accept this anointment of thy rod , may it grow by the loving handling of thy flock , may it slip gently into thine loving embrace . 
  shouldnt rcs , radar cross section be that the lower the number the better the rating ? 
  amazing song , finally music that suits my age . 
  any philistine who does n't think this song is amazing i 'll fight with my hands tied . 
  it 's traditional, 
  germany 0 points ... 
  vai portugal !, 
  make portugal great again, 
  the georgian girls speaks 1000 % better english than the ukrainian guy, 
  same, 
  i vote portugal, 
  best part , the voting !, 
  ender 's game ? 
  sweden , the reason why eurovision is awesome, 
  eurovision needs more sabaton, 
  germany needs more facial hair and banners, 
  agree, 
  this is pure eurovision, 
  this is to high quality , does n't belong here, 
  evil danish witch !, 
  she will eat your unborn !, 
  this magyar roma bad-ass rocks !, 
  with a sax you can never fail . 
  different dad but not the same mother . 
  like this armenian stuff, 
  sweden * is * eurovision, 
  kurva in swedish can mean curvaceous . 
  needs debt as well , real estate comes with rather hefty loans . 
  `` inom kort '' in swedish which would literarily be `` within short '' time . 
  he might not know it , says more about him than sweden . 
  scots are from ireland , i think you mean picts . 
  1521 medieval now ? 
  well then , sweden , yes ? 
  in varietate concordia, 
  `` pee in the bed , warm and cozy , for a while . '', 
  it 's basically the heptarchy mixed in with the war of the roses and the 100 year wars plus dragons . 
  snafu situation normal , all fucked up . 
  vive la france vive macron, 
  indeed , politics is the art of compromise . 
  elites ? 
  who cares ? 
  the_dimwitted matters not one whit . 
  nationalism is a child who throws tantrums and believes he is god 's gift on earth , patriotism is a stern and critical parent who will use tough love on his country . 
  nordics got you beat mon ami , 
  joan of arc ? 
  she was no royal , she was just a hayseed blond kitted up in some armour . 
  nationalism * is * cancer , you 're probably thinking of patriotism , which is something quiet different . 
  eh , the sky is always falling . 
  has been doing that forever , and yet we still trundle along nicely . 
  really , that 's some breaking news . 
  i had no idea that reactionary religious movements used oppression in different forms , like banning/outlawing gay marriage ... 
  diplomacy , how does it work . 
  as well as forcing the customs of your old country on your new country . 
  just ill-mannered . 
  well , i see it as common courtesy ; in either instance you would n't go around imposing on your host your own customs , that 's just bad form and uncouth . 
  not in france , it 's firstly a civil union , you can marry in church if you want to as well . 
  it 's from the revolution if you have heard about it . 
  well laddie , are n't you the edgiest of edge lords . 
  yes it does , if the belief is utter looney toons . 
  darling boy , a patriot is someone who is like a loving but stern parent to its country , a nationalist is like a cult worshipping toddler who throws tantrums ... 
  which one ? 
  the real one or the made-up one ?
