  very similar to reconstructed gallic settlements . 
  i wonder if they used the same construction technics : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murus_gallicus, 
  my fav gerry expression . 
  and the bloke was born in the ukip heartland of kent . 
  and was a massive bellend beforehand it seems . 
  sweden has it 's own space program as well as a launch facility . 
  silly crusader wanker . 
  what 's your native language ? 
  that was positively poetic in a weird way . 
  neither was i. 
  denmark is just south sweden , also marching armies over the ice is surprisingly surprising . 
  and ended with the peace of westphalia , which basically invented the modern nation state and diplomacy as we know them today . 
  we even had this plan back in 88 when i did my military service . 
  still a good plan . 
  no , and what is that sentence ? 
  j\u00f6sses . 
  what an odd picture to illustrate northern european/swedish entrepreneurship . 
  fair enough . 
  not passed per se , but a retraction and change , happened during the republican convention . 
  backing away from supporting ukraine should be one policy i thought you 'd be aware of . 
  `` this thread is now about immigration '' old / r/sweden meme . 
  't was a joke mate . 
  helsingfors kinda looks like stockholm if someone drained all the water . 
  ` tis, 
  haaallooo whataboutism, 
  any party , in any european country , who willingly accept aid from putin 's russia in order to overthrow the current system , are traitors to their own country and to europe , they should be taken out back and be shot . 
  i 've lost what little tolerance i had for these traitorous bottom feeders . 
  it is rather fascinating that a remnant of feudal power seems to be the guardians of democracy . 
  sure they willingly tolerated deaths , but there is a distinct difference between basically building a death factory complex and just being an ordinary evil bastard . 
  mostly i got irked by the whataboutism i.e. 
  internment/concentration/gulag camps of other nations , they definitely did n't operate as death camps . 
  there is quiet a difference between an extermination camp , where the whole purpose is to kill everybody in it , and camps where people die due to overworking , malnourishment and bad hygien . 
  if you ca n't see that i feel sorry for you . 
  absolutely fucking wrong . 
  only nazi germany had death camps , there is a huge difference between that and prison/concentration/gulag camps . 
  drink bleach . 
  read stormfront and got really confused . 
  * slowly backs away *, 
  the actual wording is `` alliance-free in peace time and neutral in war '' . 
  it has been the mainstay for swedish policy since ww1 , but it has lately been degraded , mostly because of our eu membership . 
  to change that policy officially would be a huge shift and would have to involve almost all parties in the riksdag . 
  do n't be a schmuck . 
  * sigh *, 
  the opposite actually , trust me , i 'm swedish . 
  a month was during the height of the cold war , when we had a massive defence and one of the largest airforces around . 
  today ? 
  a week sounds longish . 
  i disagree , it 's another form of school/education . 
  and you can never have too much education . 
  we get free education up to post grad already , so . 
  and forcing them to go to school as well , barbaric !, 
  unless we have a cold war part deux i agree we will not see the levels like it was back then , but i guess that getting the armed forces up and running again takes a bit of time . 
  it will surely increase and be designed to be flexible . 
  it 's actually a welcomed policy , i really see back on my year in the late 80 's in the armed forces in a positive light . 
  fake jaw :d til, 
  it would set a scary precedent if political views could be labelled `` mental disorder '' . 
  good ole ' uncle joe stalin did that in spades . 
  border gore + weak chins . 
  if anybody did n't think that everybody spies on everybody else * before * snowden i do n't think you know what intelligence gathering means . 
  `` you can always trust information if it 's from the internet '' zarathustra, 
  neo-pagans , soon they will force us to employ crystal therapy . 
  took quiet a long time to see myself as dark haired after being blond my whole childhood , basically my whole teenage years . 
  same , and the same with my 4 kids . 
  when i 'm in sweden i have dark hair , when i 'm in south europe , asia or latin america i 'm blond . 
  confusing . 
  ahahahahah , you made me snort out wine over my keyboard . 
  clever girl . 
  that 's the thinking that sank vasa https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasa_ ( ship ), 
  more males are born due to that males die more often , it 's natures way of keeping it balanced . 
  this is uber fascinating , thought i was a history/archaeology buff but tis is the first i 've heard about tollense . 
  great post/find . 
  holy odin 's hairy ballsack ... do n't ever go look up the fertile crescent , greece , italy etc do n't read stupid shit online , go to school . 
  why not both ? 
  exactly this , read carl bildt 's ( a real bildt ) piece in wapo https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/global-opinions/wp/2017/02/24/the-truth-about-refugees-in-sweden/?postshare=7001487964050712&amp;tid=ss_tw&amp;utm_term=.3ffa9b0142cd we had the same issues and discussions in the 90 's with bosnian refuges , and during a economic meltdown in sweden . 
  people just have memories like gold fish . 
  ho boy , here we go with breitbart made up talking points again . 
  left wing ? 
  recently , venezuela and * maybe * some of them , but for the majority of the last century latin america was hard right wing dictatorships/oligarchies , much with the aid of usa . 
  that 's just insane . 
  the internet really gave idiots a platform and forum to unload their ramblings . 
  i miss the street corner madmen . 
  funny he changed his name to the name of our former pm who is roasting trump mercilessly on twitter . 
  me , myself and i. 
  well my dear boy , one mans free speech is another mans rude and uncivilised ranting . 
  i guess we were all lucky to export all of our dense and deplorable dimwitted ones to you in the 1800 's . 
  goddamnit , why is everything a conspiracy ? 
  why do local governments have different takes on things ? 
  why are there morons from all walks of life ? 
  you ca n't explain this . 
  agree . 
  you guys really need to get info from other sources than fox news and the odd anecdote . 
  i 'm nearly 50 years old , born and bred swede , and should be a cranky old conservative , but all i see are problems and issues , * that are workable * , not the type of fear mongering bs i read online . 
  off course , but in purely economic and market terms , a `` single language '' does wonders for the gdp and every other economic statistic . 
   do we have roving mad max style gangs raping and looting left and centre ? 
  nope . 
  i dare you to come and investigate our lill ' nordic fallout cosplay . 
  camman , stop bing facetious and split hairs , you know very well what i 'm referring to . 
  edit : need to up my sarcasm detector . 
  are there problems and issues ? 
  oh hell yes .
