means village / settlement, 
  sven . 
  golly your take downs are laser sharp . 
  just a garden variety of racist i see , not much to see here . 
  but it is easy . 
  at least for a romance language . 
  good intro for french , italian , portuguese and romanian . 
  touch\u00e9 ( means subterranean garlic eater in sw stockholm pidgin ) / s, 
  well there is meso and latin america . 
  english in sweden is almost a second language by now . 
  if you speak english , spanish and mandarin you can basically communicate with 90 % on this planet . 
  and we have a secret language in swedish so we can make fun of everyone else . 
  i just wonder what the season finale will be like . 
  war on christmas ? 
  that is the dumbest thing i 've read in a loooong time , mind you i browse the_donald for shits and giggles, 
  there 's a joke there . 
  but i 'm too lazy . 
  odd diacretic , looks photoshopped . 
  you are hilarious . 
  and your silly use of pop-psychology even more so . 
  the emotions of alt-right rabble rousers out to make a point for their particular breed of crypto-fascism leaves me rather unbothered . 
  i do n't care one whit if someone like that or a stalinist or a islamo-fascist fee-fees are hurt . 
  it 's the one single cause in the past 50 years . 
  one would think that the us took some responsibility instead of having their president tweet moronic comments about sweden , i mean for a start . 
  it 's not trying to apply blame , it 's about finding the root cause of the problem and from there finding a solution . 
  everything is absolutely not the west 's fault . 
  being a retarded islamo-fascist is the islamo-fascist 's responsibility . 
  but , this whole shit-show started with the retarded and pointless invasion of iraq after 9/11 . 
  bush the second , obama and trump . 
  when i went to romania and had a romanian point out the roma i was stunned , they looked exactly like the romanians . 
  i asked , totally serious , `` how can you tell that those are roma and not romanians ? '', 
  he got quiet miffed . 
  i 'm as far from left as you could imagine . 
  ah , fuck it . 
  i give up . 
  it 's like discussing theology with isis . 
  rather pointless . 
  everyone else ? 
  if the action of the us invading iraq under false pretext and then proceed to make the whole region fubar is everyone else , then sure . 
  everything today regarding the refugee crisis in europe has it 's roots in that one action . 
  my b & w worldview ? 
  you guys ... you guys . 
  holy odin 's hairy balls , you just agreed to my point you utter weapon . 
  one is a lynch-party mode and the other is a humanitarian will to help ? 
  both same ? 
  all righty then . 
  that is * precisely * why there was an attack in sweden . 
  but if you learn about geopolitics from breitbart and history from the_dimwitted of course you would have such an outlook of the world around us . 
  sweden did absolutely * not * make this shit happen . 
  this shit happened because of the us and allies deciding to invade iraq after 9/11 and totally destabilise the whole region . 
  concern trolling sweden is truly a the_dimwitted approach . 
  what a nice , empathic and all around lovable human being you seem to be . 
  i bet you 're also kind to animals . 
  cheap points are to rile people up , making them light torches and get their pitchforks ready . 
  having empathy and wanting to help is * not * cheap points . 
   cheap points, 
  modern western christians ? 
  there 's a ton of really stupid sects , some created within the past 100 years . 
  just admit it , you just do n't like mooooslems . 
  yes ? 
  well , yes . 
  facts and truth makes you feel good . 
  well , for starters * there ai n't no such thing as race * unless you are a plantation owner in southern us ca 1850 or you 're a german with a funny moustache from 1930s . 
  despicable pig - we should deport your kind into the centre of the sun . 
  motherfuckers , who ever they are . 
  let 's use senate and plebeian assembly instead . 
  and the translation `` for sweden - in time '' is just the worst machine translation ever . 
  e : `` hinc robur et securitas '' would have been more apt , been on swedish banknotes since 1890, 
  hehehe, 
  as it was from the viewpoint of stalin . 
  he 's just a red quisling . 
  we 've met ? 
  knew it !, 
  traitorous fifth-column , norwegians have a word for your ilk , quisling . 
  well , you have to have a sense of humor i guess , ca n't laugh at jokes if you do n't get them . 
  oh really ? 
  man , i have n't laughed this much since chamberlain thought he had secured peace in our time . 
  the only reply to comedy and jokes is laughing , no ? 
  in norway ? 
  pfffft , you 're either a camouflaged russian , a useful idiot or a common traitor . 
  the cold war would 've been fun without nato , unchecked soviet aggression over a war-torn europe . 
  fifth-column spies !, 
  bombs do n't need metal . 
  * sprayed lunch beer all over keyboard *, 
  train no ? 
  apart from me spraying coffee over the keyboard when farage painted trump like his french women . 
  these days i ca n't tell the difference between political satire and proper politics , it is really a post-post-modern world , and exhausting . 
  succinctly put . 
  glhf, 
  but the proto indo-european migration predates phoenician script by millennia . 
  burmese alphabet is derived from the phoencian alphabet ? 
  how did that happen ? 
  that 's quiet a journey . 
  and thai . 
   the sun on the meadow is summery warm ,  the stag in the forest runs free . 
   but gather together to greet the storm ,  cabaret ? 
  hm , no , that sounds a bit too familiar and a tad unsettling . 
  indeed . 
  sweden 's vin & sprit state company is the individual largest buyer of alcohol in world as far as i know . 
  a brunello di montalcino is bottled heaven .
