  brunello di montalcino ... mmmmmmmmm, 
  says a clay farming hillbilly from sk\u00e5ne . 
  ironically the crypto-commies ( v ) and the crypto-fascists ( sd ) are eu sceptics . 
  e : heheh , seems like both party adherents took offence and are down voting . 
  hakan should be h\u00e5kan but dirty foreigners ca n't into swedish . 
  yeah , people have been criss crossing the eastern med since at least the bronze age . 
   certain greek-speaking islands appear genetically closer to southern italian populations well , [ magna graecia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_graecia ) is n't exactly earth shattering news . 
  ticks should be nuked from orbit . 
  ukraine can not into sweden . 
  greek and turkish coffee is quiet nice , just do n't drain the cup . 
  not only does sweden win , but the graph itself is blue and yellow no less . 
  dumb americans conflating us `` libruls '' with european liberalism . 
  oh.my.fucking.god.cringe . 
  that pic always crack me up . 
  looks exactly as my hoi4 fall wei\u00df when playing jerry . 
  africa ? 
  gosh, 
  holy alt-right shit post . 
  did you drop a / s ? 
  it looks like sm\u00e5l\u00e4ndska highland , hilly and forested always gets snow and rain . 
  seems like the winners of the 30 years war and their backers/sponsors are still doing ok 300 years later . 
  well , not dependent , but sweden 's forestry and mining and steel mills are still a big part of the economy . 
  rightful clay etc. 
  former finnish coast . 
  petsamo is now russian . 
  with his reputation of always falsifying video interviews ? 
  i 'm gon na bet on 100 % . 
  he 's a producer for health segments on cnn , and he has an opinion . 
   g\u00d6tterpanzer ahahahaha , first laugh of the day !, 
  meant great dane ... 
  the word in swedish is butter-goose . 
  even stranger . 
  lots of cognates with swedish for the literal translation . 
  pity they sound like a dane on heroin when actually talking . 
  nah mate , that 's like importing terrorists ... 
  mind you , current `` social democracy '' is a mix of your younger and older roosevelt with dark and dreary winters . 
  ( not complaining apart from the darkness ), 
  turkey best friend/brother . 
  hugs . 
  let 's forget about kalabaliken i bender . 
  oh my , i think i can grant you an honorary swedish fika . 
  in sweden ole is a funny and slightly dense norwegian , ola is a slightly stuck-up and low charisma swede . 
  the hatocracy rules the world . 
  how 's the weather in moscow ? 
  queen of europe ? 
  scoffs in swedish . 
  may was a remainer so nothing makes sense in that case . 
  he 's not pro may , he 's a lib-dem . 
  you mad brorsan ? 
  a 2 seater is most probably a trainer . 
  when finland gets attacked by russia they will be riding tanks and trucks , but when they reach the swedish border they will be on their feet only , implied the the finns shot up the russian tanks and trucks . 
  remember meeting a finnish officer when doing my military service saying `` when the russians comes they will be rolling in tanks over our border , but when they reach sweden they will be walking . '', 
  it had been swedish policy since before ww1 to be neutral in war and non-alligned in peace . 
  also , a bit of hubris , `` we were a great power once , russia is * our * enemy '' . 
  i lol 'd have an upvote . 
  during the cold war , ussr was the enemy , we just said russia because of fond historical memories . 
  everything about the swedish defence was about repelling a soviet/russian invasion . 
  never said anything about the eu , i agree that russia is to big to be able to be a part of the eu , but it could start to behave as a friend and neighbour instead of nasty adversary playing zero sum games . 
  no , but starting to behave as a friendly neighbour . 
  the real test comes when putin disappears . 
  will russia go crazy like during yeltsin with competing oligarchs ? 
  will another strongman arise ? 
  will russians like to join the rest of europe and 21st century ? 
  there 's interesting times ahead . 
  well , since turkish is n't an `` arabic '' language ... 
  sponsored by russia no less . 
  divide et impera . 
  the biggest hurdle to real change is the revolutionary guard , they 're a state within the state with access to massive amount of money and resources . 
  almost as someone looked at europe and russia in the 1930s and liked the idea . 
  one thing 2016 and 2017 has taught us : getting complacent because of polling numbers will kill you . 
  they would 've probably shouted `` deus/kek vult '' . 
  throw him in a local jail . 
  majority ? 
  no way . 
  they will be the biggest * minority * party . 
  make eurovision both politics and music . 
  let 's create the first musical democracy !, 
  youth . 
  most possibly . 
  was n't may a remainder ? 
  is this just a * cunning plan * ? 
  so , new election in 6 months ? 
  good . 
  kein problem . 
  eh , i 'm talking about the similarities with and roots in government with the roman republic , not present day politics . 
  well , a head should always be decorative i think . 
  who wants an ugly head ? 
  nope . 
  a pm is different from a head of state . 
  the president ( head of state ) of the us , france and russia being notable exceptions where they also are more or less head of government . 
  i 'm gon na be rude and cut in : simple reason : sverige demokraterna was founded in 1988 by ex-waffen-ss members and racist skinheads who let their hair grow out . 
  oh , it 's like the dual consulship of the roman republic , awesome . 
  we are comfortable in being swedish , so no need to come out of the closet and go full-tilt nationalistic bananas on june 6 . 
  the real reason is that midsummers eve is the real ( but unofficial ) national day , then we all go all-out . 
  ( also , patriotism is like religion , you do that with family and friends ), 
  well , from 27 bc to 1453 ce so more like 1480 years . 
  e : spells like a barbarian, 
  hipp , hipp !, 
   it is believed that this is one of the oldest places of worship in ukraine - one of the bas-reliefs on the wall of rocks dated ii century ad . 
  so op is off by 2000 years , it 's from around 200 ce .
