  union ? 
  i think the whole talk of sovereignty is pretty arbitrary . 
  i mean i think the tinfoilhatters with their talk of the evil `` nwo '' just got it wrong . 
  a `` nwo '' where the whole planet is sovereign would n't be such a bad idea . 
  why do n't you devolve your own union and give all the states full sovereignty ? 
  if sovereignty is such a big deal . 
  it 's the biggest regional power next to us , but if eu had a joint defence and foreign policy for real we would be way bigger then russia . 
  spot on . 
  eu already has a ton of soft power , we need to have some hard power a well , but that means we have to have a united front . 
  do n't have any probs with germans , unless you start again with the funny moustasches and hugo boss uniforms . 
  a week ? 
  i 'm all for it , but i can see pretty big hurdles to overcome . 
  i think it will take a long time . 
  in swedish a corpse is called a lik . 
  linguistics and etymology are fascinating . 
  whooosh, 
  we must stop this invasion of the eastern hords , they are multiplying like rabbits and will destroy swedish culture . 
  that is because of historical reasons , they are both former colonies of the respective countries . 
  it predates fascism , faces was a roman sign of office . 
  mussolini just nicked it . 
  or what ever the name of the bored underpaid dudes and dudettes are called . 
  used on of those getting into the us two years ago . 
  was rather nervous if it would be an issue . 
  tsa guy looked at it , looked at me and waved me through , not even a question . 
  easiest entry ever . 
  best description yet . 
  you 're one of them dense motherfuckers are n't you ? 
  ditto re british bell-ends . 
  linked the reddit thread . 
  problem ? 
  agree , live in the uk , never heard anything but good things as a swede here . 
  i do . 
  hopefully naval design has progressed since 1628 . 
  it is more or less a hostile act of war to destabilize and fracture a state ; federal , union or not . 
  by both russia and potentially trump us . 
  why not . 
  let 's make mare balticum great again . 
  ( fuck , that 's the reason why peter the great was such an arsehole towards sweden ), 
  you can be in charge of the navy . 
  if the whole eu thing goes tits up , lets make a nordic version , with hookers and blackjack and angry finns guarding our eastern border . 
  dense motherfucker . 
   ireland = minnesota or something made me laugh , since minnesota is full of swedish and scandinavian emigrant decedents . 
  well , we would have first killed and downed a lot of soviet aircraft , after that sunk and killed a lot of soviet naval forces , and when they land on the coast kill a fuckton of soviet soldiers . 
  all the time knowing that we would lose . 
  the whole idea was to make invading sweden far to expensive . 
  also , go suck donald 's and/or putin 's dick . 
  not even that . 
  we eye the big bear in the east and make our defence strategy according to how it behaves . 
  cold war , sweden could mobilise 800.000 soldiers within a week , one of the largest airforces around . 
  wall fell , scrapped the system , now the old bear is getting grumpy again , looks like we 're reinstating general conscription . 
  true , names come and go in like a 2 gen cycle though , only oddity is the new fashion for anglo names . 
  nope , we be nwo ( ( ( vikings ) ) ) who follow sharia law . 
  has always been for me , especially tattooed skanks who got preggers in the 90s named them liam . 
  maybe because you 're older than 1 year ? 
  cool story bro , guess we shall be deprived of your amazing presence . 
  sweden has had it since the 70s , and still no gulags . 
  yup , trailer trash are the same on both continents . 
  or anglicised , thing is there is a certain socio-economic class ( read redneck/peasants ) who chose names like liam , conny etc. 
  sweden 1 . 
  william 2 lucas 3 liam 4 oscar 5 elias 6 hugo 7 oliver 8 charlie 9 axel 10 vincent 1 elsa 2 alice 3 maja 4 saga 5 ella 6 lilly 7 olivia 8 ebba 9 wilma 10 julia, 
  as it is in even more northern germany , sweden . 
  it 's not danish or german , it 's due to the common root of * all * germanic languages . 
  nazis are leftists ? 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read in a while . 
  but it 's not surprising , it 's the standard alt-right tactics of accusing the opposition of the very thing they themselves are , in this instance , nazis . 
  indeed , the internet has both been a boon and a horrible way of enabling down right stupid ideas to reach a wide audience . 
  one hopes the positive outweighs the negative , but i 'm getting more pessimistic . 
  ehem . 
  virile is something only men can be . 
  so transgender ? 
  right you are . 
  ehrm , he has ss epaulettes on his uniform and a death head insignia on his cap . 
  looks like he was in 3 . 
  well , paving over swamp land that gets flooded regularly is much the same as the freeze/thawing cycle . 
  it 's rather funny that dublin is almost opposite across the water from blackpool . 
  antibiotics work against virus now ? 
  gosh . 
  sweden gave * one * german division permission to transfer by rail without weapons from norway to northern finland , sweden never gave germany access to invade norway . 
  sweden did train norwegian soldiers who had fled norway , under the guise of training `` police officers '' . 
  scandinavian = / = nordic, 
  the amount of morning-after regret plus hangover this guy is having is probably off the charts . 
  indeed , been a really odd summer , cold and dry , at least in the southern parts of sweden . 
  cold and rainy is the norm , or hot and dry . 
  lmao, 
  making a teary-eyed documentary of the poor germans who started world war twice in 20 years and were soundly beaten both times also cover this . 
  this is silly wheraboo wanking material . 
  what 's this ? 
  a movie from jospeh goebbles institute of making really true documentaries ? 
  i 'm speechless . 
  that really made me think . 
  holy odin 's hairy balls , saying that churchill was just like hitler is probably my fav alt-right/tankie/random wingnut whataboutism out there . 
  yes indeed , but take german plus soviet military and civilian deaths together and the numbers become staggering . 
  this is one of the great amnesias of ww2 , the german-soviet war makes the rest of the war pale in comparison . 
  when i did my military service as a radar tech back in the 80 's , us carrier based fighters just off bergen flew over sweden constantly , the officer just said `` just keep a tally of the airspace violations , ` tis no biggie '' . 
  eddie izzard is one damn funny guy . 
  gosh , is that drunken english ? 
  anti-roman ? 
  the roman 's were grade-a pricks how ever you look at it . 
  oh , a x-post from the_dimwitted , imagine that ... 
  one funny thing about the swedish state monopoly on alcohol is that price is based on alcohol content and not demand/supply , so really good wines are actually cheaper here than in their country of origin , another big part is also that the swedish alcohol monopoly is one of the biggest wholesale buyers of alcohol in the world .
