  a , the ol' wahatabout mooslims amarite ... 
  true . 
  member when norway banned life of brian because of blasphemy laws ? 
  i member . 
  easy peasy lemon squeezy . 
  best reply in this thread , you deserve the order of the gay sharia rapeistan . 
  nope , still missing the point . 
  nope , that 's the greater swedish empire ruled by imperator carolus kex . 
  well , if you 're a frothing-at-the-mouth loon with a cultish worldview i do n't think humor is an easy thing to parse . 
  oops , some badhistory material right there . 
  i think you missed the whole point ... 
  understand danish ? 
  not even possible for danes themselves . 
  hm , looks like sweden gets sj\u00e4lland and copenhagen . 
  fair enough . 
  did they arrest people with bugs in their mouth before hand ? 
  putting the head of state and head of government in one person seems to attract the wrong type of person , see trump . 
  messerschmit . 
   arguable looks at pic :d, 
  what one has to take into account is the sudden influx of wealth due to the industrial revolution , uk needed tons of timber , ore etc. 
  this wealth was not evenly distributed , it ended up in the hands of a few . 
  the massive emigration from scandinavia during the 1800/1900 to north and south america was not a sign of evenly distributed gdp to be sarcastic . 
  nordics were absolutely not rich before socialist policies , sweden was like albania in the late 1800 's , early 1900 's . 
  norway was a fishing back water etc etc. 
  similar to the us and trump , the sparsely populated hillbilly areas . 
  yes !, 
  when it is as close as brexit and the us elections was it 's quiet hard to give a sure winner ya know . 
  looks more like a pimple . 
  what is this denmark you 're talking about ? 
   true , faeces flinging primates the lot of us . 
  another : the face covering veil was a thing in the eastern roman empire . 
  silly christians , renaming and coopting the mausoleum of publius aelius hadrianus augustus . 
  if you were the emperor 's wife maybe , the [ pater familias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pater_familias ) law is n't much different from what athens practiced . 
  got me there . 
  holy odin 's hairy balls . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read , as if islam is n't seen as a part of the respective cultures . 
  admit it , you 're just terrified of brown people and have read to many breitbart articles . 
  true , faeces flinging primates the lot of us . 
  first time ? 
  that 's what newspapers has done since the dawn of modern democracy , they all have their own favourite based on ideological similarities . 
  world view vs gaping holes in understanding and ability to draw conclusion from facts , and a sub-par education . 
  lol indeed . 
  you 're way more humble then old me , good on you !, 
  you ca n't fight ideas by banning them . 
  you fight ideas by providing better ideas and education . 
  christianity could then be argued to also be a form of fascism according to your thought processes . 
  i used to think that people divided in to 80 % intelligent people and 20 % morons . 
  after almost 50 years of experience i 'm now convinced it 's the other way around . 
  so , a useful idiot then , in the russian parlance . 
  that 's like saying baader-meinhoff vs west germany was a bigger deal than nato vs warsaw pact . 
  the eu is not an empire in any aspect . 
  the eu is an experiment that is still worked on . 
  from your views it seems that you either are a pro-putin russian nationalist or want to move to russia in order to be closer to dear leader vladimir . 
  this is more of political warfare then military warfare dear boy . 
  after the wall fell and the ussr collapsed the whole of europe started disarming from cold war levels since we all believed that russia would come in from the cold and finally be a part of the european family . 
  that has n't really worked out , yet . 
  the `` red scare '' as you put it was a reality for europe during the cold war . 
  there 's a world of difference between the witch hunts of mccarthy and the very real fear among western european nations of being invaded by the ussr . 
  not really . 
  the behaviour and actions of the russian government is what is scary . 
  are trying to use the old divide et impera principel in regards to non-russian europe and the eu . 
   the old fashioned way that 's the thing , not a pre-planned , industrialised extermination of whole ethnic groups . 
  antifa ? 
  i think the communist version of the sa would be more fitting . 
  both were street brawlers . 
  excellent point . 
  but the thread is n't about stalin , mao , pol pot or even genghis khan is it ? 
  but it is quiet odd , dragging up stalin in a whataboutism manner when discussing hitler , happens almost every time . 
  does n't make either `` gentleman '' any nicer . 
  it 's as an idiotic thing to revere both stalin or hitler . 
  this silly and uniformed talking point from the alt-right that hitler was somehow a socialist because they coopted the word into the party 's name just shows how lacking the current educational system is . 
  boy , you guys are cray-cray . 
  ah , i see , an alumni from the school of whataboutism . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  slaughtering somewhere between 6,000,000 -- 11,000,000 humans in an industrialised system will hardly give him a hero 's look . 
  well , that 's one claim to fame that sweden has of the dark side . 
  [ the state institute for racial biology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statens_institut_f%c3%b6r_rasbiologi ) germany took a lot of inspiration from there . 
  removing hitler from the timeline would probably not make it so different . 
  there were a lot of movements and persons in germany during the 20 's with similar ideas and ideology . 
  the holocaust might have played out differently though . 
  that 's just ... i have no words . 
  that 's just bad history and anachronistic , applying modern terms and ideas to the past where it did n't even exist . 
  right , usurper . 
  ca n't have a france without franks . 
   vercing\u00e9torix ( first true king of the frances ) of gauls ( celt ) , were no such thing as france until the franks ( germanic ) changed into france . 
  oops , someone got triggered . 
  i guess we 'll have to make ikea-camps . 
  exactly !, 
  yes , what an excellent idea . 
  i also think we should create camps for people of the same demographics , so we can concentrate our efforts ... 
  to me they 're the same type of person , same wolf , different skin . 
  \u010cuonj\u00e1v\u00e1ggi, 
  ok . you got me . 
  difference being ? 
  sounds like schutzstaffel ... 
  aggressive ? 
  well , if you call being told the facts aggressive , so sure , i 'm like genghis khan with a tooth-ache . 
  he 's confusing odds of winning with actual polled numbers . 
  it ca n't be fun having those glaring holes of understanding and education . 
  you really ca n't help yourself can you ?
