  do we have roving mad max style gangs raping and looting left and centre ? 
  nope . 
  the hell do you even mean ? 
  the denseness is to thick to penetrate . 
  not as the official language . 
  compare a single market , that became a union 240 years ago and has a single language to the eu that was n't even a thing 70 years ago . 
  us centrist ? 
  that 's pretty far right here in europe . 
  i lived next door to rinkeby my whole childhood , no issues . 
  they do have the added positive of having `` one language '' ( apart from spanish i know ), 
  if you 've asked me a year ago , no . 
  now , hell yes , we need to take care of ourselves , we ca n't rely on brother us anymore and russia looks like it 's trying to move in . 
  the us made the goddamn rules of nato in the first place , nato is a child of the second world war/cold war . 
  after 1945 usa wanted to insure they could face ussr with full backing from their allies . 
  ignorant hayseed . 
  and do n't come back . 
  nailed it . 
  he 's a dense mofo of epic proportions . 
  what ? 
  works for me . 
  seems real enough https://vaalit.perussuomalaiset.fi/ehdokas/joao-bruno-putulukeso, 
  did you drop a / s or two ? 
  i * really * wish the guy who came with `` slams '' in a headline would be taken around the back and be shot . 
  yes they could and have , neanderthals and modern humans mated and conceived off-spring , ca 3-5 % of of the genome of modern europeans are neanderthal . 
  hence  neanderthal . 
  or do you say that the neanderthals were anatomically modern homo sapiens ? 
  and fyi cro magnon are anatomically modern humans . 
  best is `` vem ska tr\u00f6sta knyttet '' ( do n't know the finnish name ) the sheer existential terror for a kid to be subjected too is the number one reason why nordics drink heavily as adults . 
   i 've never seen a european capital that had more homeless than stockholm . 
  there 's literally packs of them sleeping anywhere that offers a little bit of cover from the snow . 
  i live in stockholm and that was the dumbest most easily fact checked lie i 've seen in a long time . 
  but i guess you run with the dense motherfucker brigade . 
  oh , anti-american ? 
  and he 's fucking as well !, 
  i guess you never experienced a proper dick waving before . 
  sad . 
  and the majority of the us contains 50 states . 
  edit : and it was n't even the whole of the eu ... 
  well sure , the us is a wholly integrated single market since the past 240 years with the added benefit of using one language . 
  still though , comparing us and europe without the whole of europe looks ... odd . 
  well this just shows that the us is way smaller than europe , no scandinavia , missing chunks of south europe , no south-east europe , no central and eastern europe . 
  is this what is called bigly hands ? 
  edit : and half of ireland, 
  hur kan man f\u00f6ra en ironisk konversation om man blandar in h\u00e5rklyveri ? 
  yup , when i grew up , 70s-80s swedish , all moomin stories on tv was in finnish-swedish , so to many swedes it sounds friendly and innocent . 
  and listen to mark lewengood . 
  well , i as a swede have a scale : norwegian = constant aria icelandic/finnish = shy folk singers danish = post-brutalist spoken word art instalment by a deaf impresario . 
  edit : hm , i guess i 'm thinking of the finnish-swedish dialect , what we call moomin swedish , they also do arias 24/7, 
  finnish is quiet singy tho . 
  finnish is to estonian as swe/nor/dan is to each other . 
  ftfy, 
  true that, 
  swedish . 
  no swede would ever think of a finn as a russian , more as runaway child that got kidnapped by boris the pedophile . 
  also , that was a classic nordic type , what we in sweden call a a-lagare . 
  park bench wino . 
  swedish with a finnish accent . 
  ok , shallow draft versus flat bottomed . 
  i concede the point . 
  yes ? 
  both were flat bottomed i meant to say , longships and cogs . 
  you mean the opposite , longships were flat bottomed and cogs were not . 
  those are amazing :d, 
  it 's so ... strange ? 
  hard to really find the right word for this . 
  well my dear friend , communism would n't have had any need of advertising their products , since production was supposedly already planned for the benefit of their citizens . 
  which makes advertising trump level of stupidity just to go anti-propaganda towards the west . 
  til . 
  interesting strategy there . 
  it 's trump level of dumb-dumb reasoning , no offence . 
  commercials in a soviet system ? 
  why and for what reason ? 
  yes ? 
  ( and your flair says `` build a wall '' ... hm-hm-hmmmm ), 
  yes ? 
  what ? 
  do they have a ss insignia with runic double s ? 
   there is no overpopulation and it 's a myth he said that the growth of new born has stopped . 
  listen before you go bananas . 
  well , i would have no issue with a world government . 
  hey man , we be swedes . 
  turkey v whole eu ? 
  same with uk v whole eu . 
  have fun in the past then , the rest of us are heading into the future . 
  did i say a state ever was a county ? 
  and no , there is not per se any big difference between a us state and a european country apart from the us common language . 
  i will have you look at european history and terrible wars . 
  all of which since the 30 years war ( 1618-1648 ) was fought on the principal of the nation state . 
  nation state as an idea is antiquated and should be seen as historic . 
  lol and some say leftists are regressive . 
  counter-propaganda ? 
  ehrm , democracy and the nation state does n't have anything to do with each other . 
  i 'm not disputing the having or not having national sovereignty . 
  the whole idea of the nation state is a result of the peace of westphalia in 1648 after 30 years war . 
  it seems to me to be a very outdated idea . 
  ok sure , but sovereignty starts where ? 
  town ? 
  county ? 
  and ends where ? 
  nation state ?
