this would be one sick coalition . 
  they would not get anything done . 
  also the pirate party probably wo n't get enough votes to enter parliament . 
  although with the current prism and tempora scandal everything is possible again . 
   like germany respected the stability and growth pact ? 
  it 's not just the uk that behaves that looks after its interests . 
  afaik , this pact is more a declaration of intent than a law . 
  and there was the possibility of a penalty at that time . 
   good , lets stop appeasing with the cap then , shall we ? 
  yes , that is annoying . 
   what do you think should be done to countries who does n't follow the rules and treaties ? 
  i might have gone a little overboard . 
  when i wrote , that the uk must obey the treaties , they signed , it was intended as a response to the claims , that martin schulz is illegitimate and unfit to be president of the parliament . 
  if he or the parliament threatens to veto the budget - assuming they are within their rights to do so - you might criticize him and the meps , but please do n't characterize him or the parliament as some kind of tyrant . 
  i assume , that you are from the uk ? 
  i do n't see any reason , why the favor of the british public needs to be bought . 
  there is just no need for appeasement policy . 
  the uk signed the treaties , so they are in the eu and have to obey the rules of these treaties . 
  he is elected from the members of the eu-parliament according to article 14 , paragraph 4 of the eu-treaty . 
  again , you are confusing things . 
   the size of the processors , the die area , actually gets bigger . 
  the size of the structures in the ics and moems gets smaller . 
  and to your argument , that photolithography is the dominating process in shrinking structure size , i 'd have to respond that resists , etching and material deposition are just as , if not more important . 
  a pmma covered wafer just is n't going to do anything ... 
  the title is confusing . 
  they are building machines for the lithography process , but intel owns and runs the fabs afaik . 
  i did not want to take on the role as a defender of the db , but i think you are exaggerating - at least a little . 
  first of all , a railway system is a very complex system . 
  one train being late on an unimportant route , can in consequence cause many others to be late as well . 
  there is a lot of infrastructure to be maintained and therefor a lot of possible faults . 
  but honestly , i wo n't argue , that the db has good service or anything close to that . 
  and yes , i forgot to mention , that may inner city railway systems are run by community owned companies , which of course receive some subsidies . 
  you are right on the monopol issue , but the reason you state is wrong . 
  the deutsche bahn has a monopol for long distance travel in germany , but in return they have to service uneconomical routes in rural areas as well . 
  so yes , it is a tradeoff , but a good one . 
  the germain railway system is `` expensive '' for long distance travel , but on the other hand you get very cheap short distance train transport . 
  if you look at inner city travel for example trains pretty much everywhere beat taxis . 
  in short the sole goal of the german railway system is to create an affordable transport for populace for short and medium distances . 
  comparison to airplanes is thus not adequate . 
  as a personal anecdote : i grew up in a rural region in southern germany - hometown had about 10000 inhabitants - traveling to the next town of similar size by taxi costed about 8 $ . 
  travelling by train was at about a quarter of that prize . 
  and the partner / r/europe is dreaming of is from sweden , enthusiastic about the eu and european integration , has a college degree , intimate knowledge of the bittorrent protocol , as well as a good upload ratio , advocates the legalization of drugs and gay marriage and hates russia and france . 
  dream on ... 
  can we please stop this whole `` brexit '' story ? 
  everyday there are at least two blogposts or newspaper articles . 
  most of them are from british conservative newspapers . 
  usually they do n't contain any new information and usually it is just british people stating their opinion in the comments . 
  so can we please skip this propaganda battle and start a real debate once there is a date for a referendum ? 
  i think it would be nice to add a few questions regarding the knowledge of the european institutions and how we judge their performance and if we want further european integration ( united states of europe ? 
  what about the freedom to kill , rape and pillage ? 
  thanks for taking the time . 
  in retrospect the decision to keep the labor market shut , was a bad one for germany . 
  these millions of workers from eastern europe could have come to germany and while they might have been a burden at that time ( around 2003 i think ) , now the german economy could really need them ( for some time at least with the crisis looming ) . 
  i am interested in the general french view on this matter . 
  what does the media say ? 
  is there a majority seeing the lack of competitiveness as a problem ? 
  how probable is it , that president hollande will in fact enforce labor market reforms or other measures to increase competitiveness ? 
  reddit is definitely not the place to search for a general definition of intelligence . 
  no , you got that wrong . 
  i did not want to say that there is no genetic influence at all , but i wanted to state that there are other influences that might be stronger . 
  you know , the whole identical-twins-separated-at-birth-and-then-tested-and-compared-with-other-identical-twins-raised-in-the-same-house story . 
  the end of the story is by the way , the level of intelligence can vary greatly for the separated twins , while that of the other pair does not . 
  i 've seen numbers ranging from 20 % to 80 % ( from some pretty basic biology book ) , which translates to `` we actually do n't know '' - at least for me . 
  if you have a more accurate number , please tell me where i can find it . 
  implying intelligence is genetically determined . 
   that oxygenated steam had escaped after hydrogen peroxide reacted with water in a reservoir . 
  why was there hydrogen peroxide in a reservoir ? 
  edit : obviously for cleaning ... http://www.france24.com/en/20120905-two-injured-steam-blast-fessenheim-nuclear-plant-edf-france, 
  you asked for it . 
  in germany internships are seen as a way of entering the job market . 
  they are different from normal contracts , because they must enable the intern to get to know the company , the workflow and so on . 
  and internships do have a limited duration . 
  the payment for internships varies to a great degree depending on your field of employment , skills and experience . 
  there are many fields in which you can actually get a decent pay as an intern , including engineering , medicine , economics . 
  and then there are of course those getting little to no money , like journalists or untrained people . 
  the general opinion on that is , it is better to work and get no money then to be really unemployed . 
  therefor interns are counted as employed . 
  sovereignty and the power to sign treaties is not the same . 
  bavaria is not sovereign , because there is an entity that can impose laws on bavaria - for example the bundestag . 
  i keep asking myself , who is the grey-haired guy ? 
  as you said , it is not a subjective thing . 
  and this is n't a justice thing . 
  there seems to be evidence of a causality , that higher public sector wages lead to higher private sector wages in some economies . 
  some examples are greece , italy , spain and portugal . 
  higher wages lead to higher unit labour costs and thous to a decrease in competitiveness . 
  do you see what i am trying to get at ? 
  yes in the lab they take about 3 years . 
  but then again in the lab it is always summer ( am 1.5 and 1000w/m \u00b2 ) , the cells operate at 25 \u00b0 c and they are aligned with the light . 
  do you want a stream of hot sodium flowing above you ? 
  have fun !, 
  http://www.photon.de/presse/img/pd-2012-04-bus-feat-cell-production-2011-graph-4-shares-per-region-yc-gh-ok.jpg german , but i guess you can google the countries name if you do n't know them . 
  keep iin mind , that many german producers buy parts from china as well . 
  edit : try this link . 
  the problem with that is , that most panels that are currently installed come from china . 
  so there would n't be any short term effect on european economy . 
  and then there is the efficiency issue . 
  solar panels at this moment do n't really produce energy . 
  it costs about as much energy to produce them as they will produce during their lifetime . 
  wait for a year and that might have improved , then thank the private german power consumer for paying for this innovation . 
  by the way : you are welcome .
