  i do n't listen to much by her , but i like [ ni una sola palabra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkdhtb9dvwq ) ( yeah . 
  there 's a lot more in mexican music and my tastes are quite formulaic , but i hope you enjoy this ), 
  for the first question , it depends a lot . 
  younger generations are drifting away from that , but older generations are quite rigid regarding that . 
  for the second question , we get that history as part of our basic education , but i 'm certain we get a somewhat distorted and romanticized version of the story . 
  the culture i guess is part of our shared heritage and worldview , there are certain words we use that come from native languages , names of places , and certain festivities , but overall we just live day to day . 
  it depends a lot on where you live . 
  ( again , think about how big is mexico . 
  there 's a lot of space here for different situations ) . 
  we have safe zones and war zones . 
  the war zones are where this kind of things happen , for the ones of us who live in safe zones it 's not a daily reality . 
  i live in mexico city , the capital . 
  ( center-south mexico ) and here we do n't get that much of that situation , but we read about it on the news almost every day . 
  corruption is something you can find everywhere , though . 
  the first ones would be burrito wraps of flour tortillas . 
  the second ones ... 
  i 've never seen them in mexico . 
  the closest thing we have are [ tostadas ] ( http://www.porkcdn.com/recipes/hr/pulled_pork_tostadas_with_slaw_and_chipotle_cream_hr.jpg ) but they 're flat . 
  i 'm not sure , i saw it a long time ago and did n't like it , but i recall the director was lauded by his portrayal of mexico . 
  if i may recommend a movie for you , please , please watch [ mariachi gringo ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1239374/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) . 
  it 's a love letter to mexico and mexican culture and mexican music and one of the films i love the most . 
  also , if you liked y tu mam\u00e1 tambi\u00e9n , i think you might enjoy [ por la libre . ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0262698/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) . 
  it 's a similar movie , filmed a couple years before , but i think it 's far superior . 
  week leftovers . 
  i had some leftover potatoes with ham and basil and some quinoa , so i mixed it all and microwaved it with some cheese , then put mayo on it . 
  also i mixed some powdered milk with sugar and ate it by the spoonful . 
  ( i prefer it dry than with added water ) now , my usual breakfast is a glass of milk , sometimes an egg , and a sincronizada , which is a dish made by two wheat tortillas with ham and cheese in the middle , fried with a little oil . 
  if you 're eating mexican style tacos ( soft shell that bends around the meat ) , i 'd say it 's probably because you 're holding them wrong . 
  there are two optimal ways to hold a taco : in the first one , you bend the tortilla around the taco and hold it , inclining the taco slightly towards you . 
  that way , if some of the filling falls , it will fall directly towards you ( hopefully , in your mouth ) . 
  [ a little bit like this . 
  ] ( http://elmanana.com.mx/imgs/noticias/original/bc56a6f45a724ce_c99e8c837c7262197386781ea5d4042c ) in the second way , you hold the taco with three fingers : the thumb and middle finger are below the taco , and the index finger is above the taco , exerting a little downwards pressure . 
  that way the taco bends , both ends are pointing upwards , and nothing falls . 
  if you 're not eating mexican style tacos ... well , i do n't know what you 're doing with your life , honestly . 
  ~ ~ #notemetasconmishijos ~ ~ #notemetasconmicucu, 
   i know nothing about mexico well , this is your chance to fix it . 
  ask away !, 
   friends who have been in germany and spain have told me we mexicans can sometimes be mistaken for turks you reminded me of something from my trip to norway . 
  i was told i looked exactly like a turk . 
  half of the beggars in the street were arab or turks . 
  i was in the oslo subway and i was trying to buy a ticket , but the machine was only in norwegian . 
  i approached several people trying to get their help , and most of them got a kinda scared look in their eyes and walked away . 
  it took me around ten minutes to get someone to help me . 
  lol, 
  i have a question for our european brothers : how would you say the sense of national identity has shaped europe 's history ? 
  because for what i 've read about europe , national identity is way more strongly defined in europe than it 's in latin america , and sometimes it even helps entire countries to be created . 
  so , i have several questions regarding that : * do you consider the country you live in to be multicultural or monocultural ? 
  * how strongly do you define yourselves as members of a nation/culture that is unique and different ? 
  * do you think your culture has shaped your worldview in a way that can not be completely understood by people who do n't belong to it ? 
  * how strongly do you feel your culture defines you , compared with your individual choices ? 
  * do you think individual differences between members of a single culture matter more or less than differences between members of different cultures ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  and the longest underwater cave is in ... mexico . 
  this is fate . 
  i do n't know if anyone else who replied is gay , but i am , so i thought maybe i 'd offer some extra insight on this . 
   is mexico tolerant of lgbt people ? 
  yes and no . 
  as most if not all countries , mexico has a certain `` macho '' , ultramasculine culture that can make things hard for people like trans women and gay men ( and even lesbians , since they 're seen as challenging men 's manhood ) . 
  also , catholicism still has a lot of cultural power ( although not as much political power since we 're constitutionally a secular country ) . 
  but overall , i 'd say we 're improving . 
  i 've had three jobs and in none of them my sexual orientation was a problem . 
  back in 2009 , gays could n't marry anywhere in the country . 
  right now we can get married in 10 out of the 31 states of mexico , including 28 % of the population and our three largest cities , and those marriages are legally recognized in all the country . 
  even more so , this year our supreme court stated that forbidding equal marriage is anticonstitutional , and our president ( whom i hate and i think is really bad for other reasons , but he had to something good at least once ) is working on a proposal to legalize equal marriage for all the states . 
  there has been a movement against it , of course . 
  last weekend we had marches in over 20 cities opposing equal marriage , but i think we 're winning . 
  we 're still a long way to go . 
  people from the cities have it a lot better than people from rural communities ( i met a couple of gays from the country once , and the level of self-repression they endure is disheartening ) , lgbt people , particularly trans women , are still sometimes beaten , raped or killed , but overall , i think we 're getting better , so fast that sometimes we do n't even realize it . 
   does roman catholicism still strongly influence the country ? 
  okay , let 's go there . 
  an overwhelming majority of mexicans are roman catholic . 
  that means they were baptized , made their communion , have religious weddings , and a lot of them go to mass every sunday . 
  the level of involvement varies a lot , for some it 's just something the do , for some others is taken very seriously . 
  on the other hand , we 're constitutionally a secular country and some other people take that very seriously . 
  i recall a couple times when our national anthem was sung in churches and people threw a fit , or when our then president kissed the pope 's hand and there was a big uproar . 
  overall , any open attempt from the church to intervene in politics and ( kind of ) in society finds resistance from the left . 
  this holds true mostly for the cities , people in small towns and rural communities are way more involved with religion . 
  when you combine these two situations you end with a country that has deep and strong religious convictions , but has them at odds with political and social trends . 
  the bigger the city , the more the secular side wins , the smaller the community , the more power is wielded by religion . 
  recently we 're seeing a some sort of power struggle between those trends , taking equal marriage as a cause belle . 
  there have been a lot of marches against federal equal marriage proposals , and of course the church is behind them , regardless of if they admit it or not . 
  i think we 're reaching , slowly but steadily , a certain equilibrium , in which people with sincerely held beliefs will live by them but will let other people live their lives . 
  it will be a long time before we get there , though . 
  try your favorite cheese . 
  making do with what you have is paramount mexican spirit . 
  this hurt my feelings . 
  this hurt my feelings . 
  the exchange rates are around 1 eur = 20 mexican pesos . 
  you can find good hotel rooms starting from 400 mxn , whole meals for as little as 35 mxn , bus tickets from one city to another from 200-500 mxn , snacks start as 5 mxn , so i think it must be quite affordable . 
  ( of course , tourist traps like canc\u00fan must have more expensive accomodations . 
  i do n't know about the prices here , but right now the exchange rate would give any european a lot of leverage to visit mexico ), 
  / * agarra su quesadilla sin queso y sigue circulando, 
  tacos . 
  that 's not even a real question . 
  the answer is always tacos . 
  i do n't use spotify , but there 's a fuckton of mexicans in the internet , so that might help . 
  `` gringo '' is used in mexico for people native from the u.s ( please do n't say `` america '' or `` americans '' . 
  america is a continent , not a country ) . 
  depending on context and use , it may be derogatory or simply casual . 
  i 've heard in other countries it 's used differently , though .
