  a personal favorite of mine : [ laguna de la media luna ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g3181066-d3935660-reviews-laguna_de_la_media_luna-rio_verde_central_mexico_and_gulf_coast.html ) in san luis potos\u00ed . 
  it 's a small lagoon with a hot spring in the bottom . 
  clearest water you 'll ever see and it 's exactly at body temperature . 
  it 's like swimming in air . 
   tacos are n't food , they 're a way of life . 
  please drop to your nearest consulate to pick up your honorary mexican card . 
  it 's three in the afternoon here and yet i 'm not awake enough for this question . 
  i think trump is n't the disease , he 's just a symptom . 
  he 's a canny businessman that knows what people want to hear and says it . 
  what scares me is n't what he says , but the fact that it 's working . 
  there 's always someone out there who 's ready for the loony bin and that 's not a problem . 
  the problem is when such a clear loony bin case has an actual shot of getting elected president of the usa , when people actually vote for someone who states those views . 
  that 's what worries me . 
  america is a continent , not a country . 
   that said , i understand why someone would look for opportunities somewhere else , but i 've always had conflicting feelings about seeking them in usa . 
  it 's a complicated country with lots of trouble . 
  there 's a lot of talent going on . 
  we 've won several world robotic events , but people never get to know about it . 
  also , we got our first three gold medals at the international mathematical olympiad , that 's pretty cool . 
  edit : also our film industry is maturing a lot . 
  i 'm not talking about the big directors that work for international studios ( cuar\u00f3n and the other guys ) but about the industry as a whole . 
  ten years ago our only output were art films , that were sometimes good and sometimes bad , but which always tried desperately to be original and unique and groundbreaking , and therefore were usually insufferably pretentious . 
  our film industry was an edgy teenager . 
  now our cinema has diversified , and while we still keep a bit of that touch and still make movies that only film critics understand and like , we also create more diverse , mundane films that people actually watch ,, 
  and had way more braincells . 
  ( who would have told us , twelve years ago , that we would be missing fox so badly ? ), 
  not even as comedy . 
  tourist zones are usually reasonably safe , as long as you 're careful . 
  i would say canc\u00fan or cozumel are the most obvious choices for beach locations . 
  about inland , i 'd recommend quer\u00e9taro . 
  it 's one of the safest cities in the country , quite beautiful , and a good hub to visit other places . 
  it 's a sad thing . 
  the indigenous people are quite marginalized , usually poor and outside most support systems and economic structures , and that for sure does n't help their languages . 
  also , we 're kinda racist and look down upon their speakers , because we 're stupid . 
  so ... it does n't help . 
  and it 's really sad considering that we 're one of the countries with largest linguistic diversity ( 68 languages coming from seven families ) . 
  i 've only been in norway . 
  i was impressed that i saw beggars ( i did n't think i 'd see that in such a country ) and by the fact that most of them are young ( here in mexico most beggars are middle aged or old ) . 
  also , i was impressed by the level of safety and comfort people take for granted . 
  we 're mexican . 
  we 're a mix of spanish , indigenous , and you can add a little bit of everything , specially black and filipino . 
  i like to say that we 're mongrels , so mixed that nobody can fully trace their heritage ( and i think that 's a good thing ) . 
  there 's a section of the mexican left that goes full blown radical on `` claiming our indigenous roots '' and saying that the spaniards came to conquer and opress us . 
  i had a teacher like that once . 
  she dyed her hair blonde . 
   is it difficult for a mexican citizen to move to europe legally ? 
  i have no idea . 
  one of my brothers did but he had a student visa which may have helped a lot , i 'm not sure about work related immigration . 
   have you , a mexican citizen , ever been declined access to somewhere ( place , bar , country , etc. ), 
  because of your citizenship ? 
  the only european country i 've been in was norway , and i did n't have any trouble with that . 
  ( well , i was thrown out of a party , but it was supposed to be a closed-door party for swedes , and though they invited me in , the guards did n't have any of it , but it was n't because i 'm a mexican , it was because i 'm not a swede )  do mexicans have the same sort of obsession about their heritage as americans ? 
  hell no . 
   what stereotype annoys you the most about your country ? 
  that we 're lazy and ignorant . 
  mostly because it has a part of true that i absolutely wish it was n't . 
   with the fertility rate dropping and the population expected to remain stable with little growth in the future , how prepared optimistic do you feel for the state of your country in 50 years ? 
  not so much . 
  besides the drug war which is still crippling us , we 're strip mining our resources , and we have a big fat neighbor that is gradually but steadily turning against us . 
   how are atheists treated in mexico ? 
  well , we 're a pretty religious country , but at the same time we do n't discuss it that much . 
  everyone is assumed to be catholic by default , but if someone is something else they 're usually respected . 
  atheists might get a few questions and weird looks , but i 've never known about cases of harassment to them . 
  it helps a lot that our constitution states clearly that we 're a secular country and the separation between church and state is quite strongly enforced at an official level . 
  there are exceptions , of course . 
  recently a lot of religious figures have gotten their hands into politics because of a federal-level equal marriage proposal , and there was the time when our president kissed the pope 's hand and there was a lot of uproar , but usually religion is reserved for the private sphere . 
  i 've never met someone whom i know for sure to be a muslim , though . 
   what languages are taught in school in mexico ? 
  well , you learn the formalities of spanish , and depending on the school , you might learn some english . 
  it rarely goes further , although in places with a high level of indigenous languages i 'm pretty sure they learn that . 
  ( i do n't know for sure because i 've lived all my life in big cities , and here everyone speaks spanish ), 
  pretty dire and worrying , i 'd say . 
  it 's not like the country is all of it a red zone , but safety is drecreasing steadily , both in level and extension of safe zones . 
  our current government is experiencing a spike in cartel-related deaths , and its reaction is to discourage the news media from reporting on it . 
  hi , did you call me ? 
  right now we 're a bridge for all sudamericans , so there would be little difference . 
  mexican eurofan here . 
  i would die . 
  it would be way too cold for us . 
  you could put us in the middle of the mediterranean , if you want . 
  [ mexico be like . . ] ( https://vine.co/v/ma9u3rpz1ix ), 
  i am all mexican in this blessed day . 
  ony y / u/lnlaw wants it , 
  please tell me you 're kidding . 
  we are all mexican in this blessed day, 
  whenever you come , pm me !, 
  i 'm in mexico city and can take you to drink mango water in xochimilco . 
  i 'm a little dubious that ukraine ranks u.s above russia . 
  and that 's how you piss off an argentinian . 
  in mexico we call them `` banderillas '' , which can mean either `` little flags '' or the spikes they pierce a bull with when bullfighting . 
  paella is definitely overrated . 
  austria was amazing , but from the ones that had a realistic chance to win , i would have taken russia with my eyes closed . 
  / u/penki has been banned from / r/eurovision, 
  must have been a slow day on the city council . 
   half of them are . 
    minus all the skanky slutbugs who do n't deserve the title of lady . 
  sent to / r/nocontext, 
  dammit . 
  if that 's true , everyone there should be fired from their next five jobs . 
  we 're not claiming to know about music .
