   i guess it is probably a lot like when you hear your own recorded voice and you think : `` shit do i really sound like that ? 
  this is awful ! '', 
  yeah , probably . 
   youtube lper zemalaf . 
  he does the same thing that almost every finn except the most fluent . 
  puts the stress on the first letter while in english it 's allover the place . 
   i also like finish accent while speaking english . 
  a bit funny considering that almost no one in finland seems to like it . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/finnish_railroad_network_speeds_2011.svg ) are the currently operated tracks . 
  there is a connetion to sweden in tornio . 
  it 's just rarely used . 
  in finnish same as a in the english word `` cat '' . 
  even if they faked statistics there is no way to hide inflation of that size . 
  for example 50 % inflation without increase in income would mean that the real economy decreases by 33 % i.e. 
  more than the current recession . 
  it is impossible to hide such a thing . 
  there can always be a random kiosk trying to take advantage of the change but overall prices did n't increase . 
  take a moment and think what would happen if prices actually increased multiple times in a single day . 
  people 's money would be enough for a lot less things and consumption would drop massively . 
  so prices across the economy increased tens of percents suddenly but salaries did n't even half of that . 
  this means that consumption or savings rate would have had to gone down radically and created a massive recession . 
  of course such thing did n't happen . 
  as i said majority , just like you , are wrong . 
  of course they are higher today . 
  as you said our monetary system is purposefully designed to have low and constant inflation . 
  what i meant is that prices did not change anymore than normally when we changed to the euro . 
  no they did n't . 
  majority seems to think this in every country and they are all wrong . 
  it 's perfectly clear from statistics that prices did not suddenly jump . 
  finland did not do any of the things you mention and their poorness is probably caused more by other things than colonialism . 
  it is n't different . 
  the eu does not have social welfare sharing . 
  the euro treaty specifically prohibits bailing out other countries . 
  yes and they did n't personally cause any of those anymore than you did the greece 's debt problems . 
  seems like they need more help than you . 
  should we help them ? 
  the third world country citizens probably feel bad if they have to leave . 
  being a european does n't magically entitle you to something . 
  he says that return to the nation states wont help because they have to compete like corporations on the global stage . 
  then suggest that this would be fixed by just creating a larger state in europe . 
  i fail to see how that helps . 
  the whole eu is declining fifth of the global economy and would have to compete just like smaller states . 
  in fact it might make the problem worse because a larger entity could keep up unsustainable economic policies longer making the eventual correction worse . 
  and then it is n't `` one citizen , one vote '' majority rule which was what i was arguing against and was the original proposal . 
   germany has a similar proportion of the eurozone population . 
  so the most populous state would require ` heavy support from other places to get anything done ' . 
  no it has not . 
  it has over twice more . 
  around 1/4 . 
   the uk house of commons for example has 650 seats to represent 65 million people . 
  over 600 seats to represent 338 million people is not strange . 
  and it 's going great outside london . 
  / s i see no reason to transfer power to tax to a massive institution in which the whole country would hold 1.6 % of votes . 
   do you think your finnish representatives would really just vote along if a proposal only benefits germany , just for the sake of ` falling in line ' ? 
  that 's not how i know you guys , having a long history in being staunchly independent ;-) this is n't what i meant . 
  if finland 's mps band together it makes no difference because there 're so few . 
  this is n't the same for largest countries . 
   if a proposal would really only benefit a large member state like germany , and not have anything in it for any other european country , i 'm convinced it wo n't pass . 
  obviously germany ca n't vote something absurd . 
  but over the years the largest countries could vote laws which bit by bit give them greater advantage . 
   representation would have to be weighed so the small member states are relatively overrepresented , true . 
  otherwise countries like luxemburg , malta , cyprus or estonia could end up with only having one or two lonely representatives . 
  but then it is n't `` one citizen , one vote '' which the proposal was . 
  it is n't different in principal but the there is significant difference in the size of the constituencies . 
  helsinki holds 22 seats out of 200 and requires heavy support from other places to get anything done . 
  in eurozone parliament finland would hold around 1.6 % of the seats . 
  as could be seen with the esm emergency clause which required 85 % support . 
  even if many of the small countries banded to together they would have not been able to block it . 
  edit : btw luxembourg has around 550 000 people . 
  meaning that it to have even one mp the total number of mps would have to be over 600 . 
   who says all the representatives of , for example , germany would vote in one block on a certain issue ? 
  surely their cdu-fraction will vote together with other like-minded fractions , while their spd-fraction would vote differently . 
  this will only work on issues which do n't have clear beneficiary . 
  in issues in which financially advantage germany or any other country most of the representatives will band together . 
   that is what happens in the european parliament now , and it sure beats the strong-arming of smaller nations in unchecked organisations like the eurogroup . 
  eu parliament is heavily biased towards small countries and is not even close to `` one citizen , one vote '' majority rule . 
  we are already illegally bailing out countries . 
  we just have to do it the eurozone way i.e. 
  pretend that it 's legal and do it . 
    one citizen , one vote   to finally move to majority rule this means there 's no point even voting in small countries . 
  just wait what the representatives from the largest countries decide . 
  standard case of taxation without representation . 
  [ this may help ] ( https://twitter.com/jarnoha/status/619980875384647680 ), 
  exactly . 
  germany was among the first to break the euro rules and then helped to make them ineffective . 
  it 's clear that the european commission will never be able to force the largest states to do anything while rest have to follow the rules when they do n't harm the largest states . 
  therefore any fiscal integration is unacceptable . 
  numerous commentators have said this about patents and it 's false . 
  microsoft bought only the mobile unit , not nokia . 
  they licensed patents for a decade , did n't buy them . 
  microsoft right to use the nokia brand ends this year ( they can continue to use product brands like lumia ) . 
  also ban on nokia making mobile phones ends this year . 
  aah the myths . . iceland managed to jail only a couple bankers who clearly broke the law ( they used the banks assets to inflate the stock ) . 
  also iceland defaulted on taxpayers of other countries by not paying the guaranteed sums on bank accounts ( this is why uk used anti-terrorist legislation to freeze funds ) . 
  america 's states do not loan money to each other . 
  they loan it from the markets and the federal government is not responsible if they ca n't pay back . 
  yeah depending what they are it could be roaming charges with another name ... 
  but without some limits people would hunt the lowest cost plan and pretty soon the eu would have identical prices set at the price of the highest country, 
  [ the ec press release ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-5275_en.htm ) says that the commission will make some `` fair use '' limits to stop that . 
  technically it 's finnish speaking `` basefinn '' ie .
