the document also promotes forced brainwashing starting as young as possible ( section 8 . ), 
  and large scale censorship of media ( section 9 . 
  yet again , i did n't claim that each and everyone of them do , just that most do . 
  any individual 's personal opinion is irrelevant . 
  the federalist remark referred to an average of people calling themselves such , not you personally ( as is commonly done ) . 
  whatever it 's clear to you personally is irrelevant . 
   denying nazi atrocities should be a crime . 
  so should be denying commie atrocities . 
  it 's a fact . 
  yeah we should create a government body that goes trough all history and decides facts then we make anything else illegal . 
  we can call it the fact commission or maybe the ministry of truth . 
  / s the inability of the people opposing freedom of speech to think farther then one step is spectacular . 
  it should n't , but you can never fully limit the thirst of the federalists . 
  [ as i commented above . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3gpogq/eu_rejects_eastern_states_call_to_outlaw_denial/cu0f5hx ), 
  there 's nothing good in that ( france 's constitution or the declaration ) . 
  that effectually allows banning any speech that creates some disturbance . 
  making anyone who can gather some group to do so an official censor . 
  it 's an old article . 
  germany tried to expand its authoritarian suppression of speech to the european union . 
  luckily people with greater intellect won , atleast that time . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-moves-to-silence-holocaust-deniers-across-europe/a-2317216 ), 
  because the only other option is federalization , the goal should be to break up . 
  the break up would undermine those countries which currently have surplus . 
  while euro nominated debt might be cheaper , foreign assets would be worth less and competitiveness would suffer . 
  deficit countries would gain competitiveness . 
  finland 's balance of payments are fairly close to zero . 
  ideally finland ( and others ) would start buying foreign assets at slow pace to be ready when it eventually comes . 
   now we have two options to solve this problem : there 's a third option . 
  break up euro as soon as possible . 
  i did n't claim that qe was the only thing that caused housing prices to increase too much . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/home-prices-1870 ) are housing prices from 1870 in 14 advanced economies . 
  the prices started to increase after the ww2 and 80 % of increase has been because of land prices not construction costs . 
  the article does n't mention but this time also included population boom . 
  today the population growth is slowing down and in many places starts to decline soon . 
  there are already large areas of finland where houses are not worth anything . 
  this will slowly creep closer to cities and affect prices there . 
  my definition was fine . 
  the article you posted agreed that the banks move away from bonds to other assets . 
  the banks create asset inflation which is exactly what housing pricing increases are . 
  the article also mention that there 's some leak to spending due to ( artificial ) wealth effect . 
  the ecb will have to stop qe at some point in time . 
  then gov yields will increase and banks move back to them from housing and housing prices come down . 
  housing prices have increased tens of percents in 5 years . 
  it wo n't end well . . 
  the ecb creates money i.e. 
  `` prints it '' and uses it to buy government bonds or other assets lowering their yield . 
  the bank does n't take money away at the same time , so it is increasing supply of money . 
  this is what qe means . 
  the investors then seek better yield elsewhere e.g. 
  housing . 
  banks give loans at the artificially lowered interest rate and borrowers use it to bid up housing prices creating inflation . 
  obviously , price increases far above income increases are not sustainable and they will eventually crash . 
  then i assume the krugmans of the world tell just print more money and there was no problem with the earlier policy which created it . 
  edit :  it 's not a problem with the policy , it 's a problem with the fact that there are too few investment-grade opportunities in europe right now , so everyone is stashing their money in urban real-estate . 
  if there are not investment opportunities then the ecb qe is nothing more than throwing fuel at the housing bubble . 
  bbc 's editors ' pick comment calls to challenge monarchies until they fall ( using example of the queen ) . 
  haha that last photo is so classy . 
  yes ? 
  housing prices are distorted upwards i.e. 
  inflated ? 
  obviously not true because krugman said that the very serious people are wrong and printing money does n't create inflation . 
   i 'm not sure why this is so objectionable , it 's how laws and societies work . 
  it is objectionable because it implies that whatever the law says is true or moral . 
  i assume i do n't have to take historic examples why this view is pretty problematic . 
   ratified by national parliaments worldwide . 
  many un members are not democracies but i assume that does n't matter . 
   what i quoted is what racism does mean for the time being . 
  i am aware of the arguments and i do n't agree that whatever a signed document , which i personally did n't sign , says matters . 
  i guess we have to agree to disagree . 
   the countries that signed the convention made a commitment that these values will be upheld in their society indefinitely , so for all practical purposes , all these definitions are automatically correct in our society . 
  so in your view every un ( and why not all non-un ) document ( s ) signed by a particular country is absolute true within that country . 
  therefore any document i could find signed by any country in the last over century , no matter how absurd , is true . 
  there must be pretty weird truths all over the world . 
  this also seems fairly undemocratic . 
  international welfare fund for fools , like the un , who think they matter are defining reality . 
   considering all these definitions date from quite a while ago - over half a century now - they should most definitely have been included in the education system . 
  if they were , we would not be arguing about the meaning of basic terms , or be able to use semantics to dodge an argument today . 
  the problem is that it is you and people like you who is/are using semantics by trying to expand racism to mean discrimination based on other things than race . 
  this is , of course , done because of greater emotional charge in the term and silence any argument against religion . 
  there are people everywhere with an agenda wanting to change things , most are n't worth considering . 
  that defines racial discrimination for the purpose of that document . 
  do you hold the view that every un document , regardless of what it is about , is the absolute truth and can never be incorrect ? 
  if you do not then your comment has no point at all . 
  considering your snide about others education i 'm sure you would n't make such logical error clear even to the simplest among us . 
  so , i 'm very interested hearing why the un is the messenger of absolute truths because i had not realized this was the case . 
  there 's probably some mistake in that statistic . 
  also , it only includes national spending but not municipalities . 
  [ check here . 
  ] ( http://stat.fi/til/jtume/2015/01/jtume_2015_01_2015-06-24_kuv_006_en.html ) ca n't find better graphs with fast search . 
   the only section of the market that is growing globally is toilet paper . 
  the paper used to make boxes is also growing because of internet shopping . 
  the current situation can not be maintained indefinitely . 
  finland has low debt and significant assets so this can be maintained for some years but eventually the economy starts to grow or there 'll be austerity . 
  no one likes to call the imf , they only do so after they have fucked up their own country so thoroughly that there 's no other choice . 
  nope . 
  government spending has increased every single year after the financial crisis . 
  yeah this is exactly why the argument `` but gdp has dropped so-and-so much from the top '' is laughable . 
  greece 's gdp at the top was as real as the value of madoff 's investment fund . 
  not sure if insult but that 's swedish,
