  its important that you use the money efficiently , as ive said earlier ( not in this post ) - public money is often mismanaged . 
  good luck . 
  though with deals like you are getting now - i envy you   sorry for the long post :d was a pleasure ;p we have some pretty different opinions ( maybe its just my scepticism ) , but the talk is great - civil , without name calling and butthurt , something rare on reddit ;p, 
  my agenda , quoting from a different ( my ) post in this thread :  i tend to lean right very hard , but when an issue like this comes up , then who am i to tell two adults what they can do and what they cant ? 
  who i am to say they can not adopt a child ? 
  its not my call . 
  who am i to tell them that they can not have this or that , because i do not agree with those ideas ? 
  lets skip the ideological part and keep it to the bullying : i have been bullied a bit , for petty reasons , i think and i ** know ** that its more extreme with topics of sexual orientation . 
   bullying is either a problem , or it 's not . 
   why is bullying about gay parents such a huge problem but bullying about something else is a ` smaller problem ' that can be ignored ? 
  bullying is a terrible problem that affects the most vunerable , but its a problem that has a few levels , some weak ass , some harsh . 
  this one is the harshest . 
  its not even the churches , its simply lack of education and acceptance - we have to mature a bit for that . 
  no , i am saying that the kind of bullying ( for example no iphone ) that touches kids of straight parents is a completely different , smaller problem , that the one that would touch the kids with two dads . 
  i was briefly bullied - it was terrible . 
  imagine how terrible it is to kids that would be targetted due to their parents sexuality . 
  i know a gay dude , and hes been through some serious shit . 
  so the problem really exists - atleast here in poland . 
  tldr i think that its a very dellicate topic , and as ive said many times in this thread - its not my competence , its not my decision . 
  years of propaganda and spreading awareness . 
  you will have two potatos after the war, 
  you guys are doing a pretty good job , but your military leadership is retarded . 
  mr armchair general , why ? 
  i dont think any baltic states should have a normal style military . 
  you are buying tanks , spg 's , you have a shitty ( one ) plane and a few choppers ( those are ok ) . 
  your generals and politicians think you can stand up and overpower russia ( cause thats how you build your army ) . 
  thinking this way , and actually pulling it off would require - talking out of my ass , but should be a good value - 15 billion for all 3 baltic states , with some harsh conscription laws to fill the vacancies . 
  if we would do an even split of that - it would mean increasing current spending of lithuania by 7 times , from 0.7 to 5 billion a year . 
  this is complete bullshit - its impossible with your economy ( no offence , but 10 % on military is impossible ) . 
  your goverment ( s , goes across all baltics , sorry to indiscriminately throwing you into one bag again ) should forget about those pzh2k , ifv 's and tanks , and simply buy so many anti tank and anti air weapons that russians will simply be scared of going in . 
  it can be done on your budget , and it will be as big of a deterrent as nukes are . 
  now lets clarify on the corruption : i am not talking literally , but im talking as in militaries are rotten from the inside . 
  polish military is right now buying beryl rifles ( 50k ) for 10k pln each - thats the cost of a retail hk 416 - guess what one is better , what one has issues and what one is used by most special forces around the world . 
  - i get the bla bla bla got ta support our economy , but for real - if our economy makes worse product for bigger price - it can die . 
  again : you guys are buying spg 's , ifv 's and tanks - and you are getting pretty sweet deals - but its not going to hold against russia . 
  you can go and invade the gambia , but in a conflict vs russia , or basically anyone those vehicles will get destroyed within hours of the start , probably even in bases !!!, 
  - you should spend that equipment on affordable , high efficiency at ( im mini lobbying for spikes on this subreddit ) and manpads - this equipment would survive the first hours , and in hands of guerillas would basically knock out the bears teeth . 
  to be honest , the bear wouldnt even attack a country that has a at launcher in every bush . 
  its not even the parents ( bully ) . 
  its the other kids and peer pressure . 
  parents ( bully ) also play a role , but as ive said , its a minor one . 
  the victims parents are a magnet for bullies . 
  the system will do nothing , because it can do nothing . 
  without some serious mentality change - seems like this issue will be very hard to resolve . 
  and i would say that most of the parents of the bullies do n't know about the problem with their children , and probably never thought their kids could do stuff like this or that, 
  this is a whole new level of bullying . 
  youre talking about one day bullying , im talking years of abuse , degradation and ostracism from everyone . 
  i would opt for some serious propaganda before that can be allowed . 
  this is some serious shit man, 
  the rule of thumb is that autocracy done well beats all . 
  it just has a bad rep due to all the very opressive , backwards dictators that do everything for their own gain . 
  also dictatures have a problem - you need to run a tight ship - and that gets you ostracized even more . 
  some dictatures , aside from a minor human and civil rights violations were pretty good - egypt , syria , libia - those countries were all booming , hell we even had polish contractors going there to build them for all that oil money a few years back . 
   and how come it 's corruption is lower than the balkans ? 
  if your country is very corrupt , then either you are getting rich , or you are getting robbed . 
  as lukashenko is one of the pretty decent dictators - in this case he would be getting robbed , thus tight ship, 
  because the stats are bs . 
   saudi only has oil , that 's it . 
   they also rank tiny qatar ahead of australia . 
  qatar is even more tied up in fossil fuels than saudi is . 
  guess on what they were spending that sweet oil money . 
  both of those countries have their hands in everything . 
  you are talking to a proud polish man in the military age , with patriotism levels off the charts and pretty big knowledge of modern warfare . 
  so having said that : there are two ways : die for your country , or kill for your country . 
  getting together with your country , like those in the video , will get you killed and your life wasted . 
   they just consider the sovereignty of their young country to be worth dying for . 
  their country has no chances . 
  it will get taken , then retaken , no other way . 
  the ressistance would create thousands of deaths , hundreds of millions in ruined infrastructure , thousands injured . 
  do you want that for them ? 
  or for any country ? 
  you want those people , young , full of life , highly educated and skilled to die or be crippled for their entire life for a cause as stupid as delaying the taking of their country by two days ? 
  two days is wishful thinking in this scenario . 
  you want them to sacrifice their lives in order to let the goverment run away and sit somewhere in london and complain ? 
  you can do it the sacrifice way , or you can do it the smart way . 
  people will die either way , just the order of magnitude changes, 
  you just explained being a moderate , sane individual . 
  i tend to lean right very hard , but when an issue like this comes up , then who am i to tell two adults what they can do and what they cant ? 
  who i am to say they can not adopt a child ? 
  its not my call . 
  who am i to tell them that they can not have this or that , because i do not agree with those ideas ? 
  years of suffering from bullying . 
  even in the progressive countries - kids are cruel . 
  on the other issues - im in no authority to say . 
  [ haha got a pdf for everyone :d ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/files/26184/page-images/26184-images.pdf ) so yeah , the sabotage does n't need to be shitty  while this handbook seems to be petty and pretty outdated - it kind of is , but still contains valid strategies and lessons ( for example do not overstep your capabilities ) . 
  thats nothing . 
  current russian doctrine seems to be : drone arty drone assault they have no chance vs russian army . 
  they need to not be connected to the latvian state ( those in the video are already compromised ) , armed with systems like spike missiles and cars . 
  they should only do guerilla shoot n scoot - if they dont , within few minutes they will get decimated by large amounts of precise artillery fire . 
  [ this is already pretty old , but still accurate ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bx8apnrpdjxnwvjobhfhse1obvk/view ) there is no point for baltic states to try to defend from russia . 
  unnecessary deaths and suffering . 
  the only productive thing that territorial defence forces can do is guerilla warfare . 
  using 100k spike to destroy a 5 $ million tank with a 10 mil crew inside . 
  thats why cia gave stingers to mujahideen 's ( operation cyclone ) - a fairly untrained , low cost soldier with a relatively cheap weapon ( stinger ) could down a couple million in gear + soldiers . 
  the same can be done these days vs russian gunships . 
  tldr the territorials could be greatly used to do partisan warfare by destroying high cost , hard to replace equipment and crews - the core of modern russian armed forces - with relatively cheap means . 
  as ive said , and i need to repeat this again - ** the latvian national guard is already compromised , if they do n't die , they will be useless in underground ** and sorry for any mistakes , havent slept for 30 hours now, 
  oh yes , they are doing wrong stuff . 
  simply that wrong stuff was ok when the last party - backed by foreign owned press and european gov - was doing it . 
  now it suddenly not .
