  he promises to make america `` great again '' . 
  if that is n't bending to the american scene then i do n't know what is . 
  the he 's consistent part of my statement is important . 
  he is bent already , so he can get votes , but hes bent that side for like 30 years , while his opposition bends whatever side its better to be on . 
   tl ; dr : trump is not only bad for america , but the whole world because he wants to fuck with the global economy . 
  economy could take the usa vanishing from the map , slight fucking doesnt matter . 
  hes a not corrupt , hes a corruptor , youve said it yourself . 
   he gave money to politicians to do him favours . 
  like all the important companies and people . 
  but again : that makes him good - how will you buy a billionaire, 
  why, 
   demagoguery  certain dishonesty  he only says and writes things which he knows people wish to hear , without meaning any of them . 
  this pretty much politics in a nutshell . 
  tbh i think he will do many of the things he says he will do . 
  imo the whole election is corruption and long history of failing vs unknown , but positive unknown . 
  half of the clinton program is `` i am a woman '' , the other half is `` black lives matter '' . 
  and hardcore populism - they literally had an illegal immigrant on the stage of the dnc - so the kid of the illegals could cry a bit and tell them a sad story of fear . 
  it was a joke ;p to be honest i would be a trump voter if i was living in the usa . 
  2 - hes also a criminal and a great example of corruption . 
  about the financial problems - he and the financial crisis . 
  3 - yes , that means he knows what he is talking about + hes worth so much , he can tell any offers to fuck off . 
  the nationalism part helps too , unless its some slight bending to help us economy . 
  4 - tldr all of the politics . 
  + his policies are specified and mostly reasonable . 
  poland does , i hope it will be enough , 
  ive watched interviews of him . 
  he might not know everything - he even admits that - he seems like a sane individual that will use expertise of people around him . 
  about the hard questions : nobody is an all knowing walking encyclopedia - as ive said , he strikes me as a person , and has said that he will use advisors available to him . 
  a few of his best qualities : 1 . 
  he 's a nationalist ( bad for us ) 2 . 
  he 's a business man 3 . 
  he 's not corrupt 4 . 
  he 's consistent , he doesnt bend like the rest of american scene tldr : bad for us , good for them . 
  my issue with him is that hes weak on the nato and world police . 
  we need america . 
  o shit, 
  well for america not having cliintons is already a win . 
  i believe that trump will make america great again . 
  but thats bad for us . 
  the clinton is crazy and corrupt , but shes better for us . 
   trump is an incompetent buffoon that is bad for everyone . 
  ah yes , the finest of reddit - namecalling . 
  how about the irish ones ? 
  well win of trump is bad for us , europeans . 
  because its good for americans . 
  a lot of g36 . 
  a lot of aks . 
   do n't discount your military so fast . 
  at least you 're not equipped with the new modern , standard german machine gun - the broomstick by h&k . just our tanks : / though with a collectioneers permit i could buy one . 
   full auto ;d about the navies : i dont even know why we have what we have . 
  all we need is an aircraft carrier - to suck american dick even more and a few coast defence boats - not to fight russians , but to provide security to our part of the baltics . 
  im thinking [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/offshore_patrol_cutter ) and a few lighter boats - like defender class . 
  im talking american stuff cause you know , murica ... 
  i actually do not know , but from the stories - seems pretty extensive . 
   you 've got some old soviet anti tank launchers , it seems . 
  tough i would agree , that 264 launchers is n't that much . 
  even lithuania should in the next 2 years get more , so that there would be a total of ~ 120 launchers . 
  not sure about missiles ( btw , wanted to say in last post , that lithuania got javelin most likely because of political reasons in year 2000 . 
  you know , trying to join nato , thus getting some weapons from usa ... now we 're getting some more of them to keep the standard ) . 
   please dont remind me . 
  you know what . 
  i will call the ministry of defence @monday . 
  this is outrageous . 
   yeah , iskanders are bad for nato . 
  good thing is that kalliningrad probably does n't have any there . 
  its likely that they are there . 
  they have been moved there and there was no news of them moving out.they were reported to be upgraded even . 
   is poland developing anything on the subject ? 
  we are currently in the process of getting medium and long range aa , we are getting short range all the time and its pretty solid . 
  the medium range we have are outdated , soviet concepts . 
   the georgians did stop russian advance ; they never reached tbilisi . 
  not taking anything away from the georgians , but that war has involved only a few thousand soldiers and lasted a few days , it was not aimed at tibilisi . 
   i wonder if bm 30 rockets can be taken down by anti air defences . 
  not at all . 
   hard to predict putin . 
  but in 48-72 hours , our existing units should be capable to fully move out and dislocate ( the lithuanian fast response units would be even faster . 
  their response time is 2-24 hours . ) . 
  as for creating additional units and mobilization , that would take some time . 
  in the interwar actually , lithuania had a great system , where we were capable to reach 150k in 72 hours . 
  i wonder if we would be able to anything like that nowadays . 
  you could certainly receive help from entire europe in that time , usa and even the best military of the world - poland . 
   ay , units around moscow may be strong . 
  but how many of them are there ? 
  and would they send the best they have here ? 
  of course , we need to prepare for the worst , but in reality , would they not use them in some possible more important places ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_military_district#subordinate_units https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_military_district its sattered all around , sadly no map , but from my knowledge of russian geography , then its around moscow , just with a piece carved out inside for the mmd . 
  nasty stuff :d  israel now , yeah . 
  they are aggressive . 
  but in the past they were able to defend quite well against larger enemies . 
  i 'm not suggesting us becoming exactly like them , but take the good qualities and adapt . 
  as ive said , after yom kippur they have upped their game by an order of magnitude . 
  its amazing how powerful that tiny country is ;p  mate , go to sleep if you need , we can continue later :d ill suffer for 5 more hours to get my day/night cycle fixed . 
  i am not an owl . 
  lol mate im like a terrorist in a box , just give me some explosives . 
  tbh abw probably doesnt know that reddit exists, 
  if they managed to jump through the hoops of adoption system , then they are fit to be parents, 
  people always find a way , 
   my point is : russia is a threat to the baltic states , but the threat is not one of conventional conflict . 
  your point is on point  without dismantling the nato he can do nothing , but hes trying and he is succeeding . 
   he never invaded the whole of georgia even though he definitely could have , and he did n't annexed eastern ukraine even though he definitely could have .
