  anyway , nice flow of military aged men instead of the advertised women and children . 
  is it just me or its like ~ 43 polish , czech and slovakian squares and the rest is some romania , russia , one bnh and baltic states ? 
  seems like the author skipped the balkans completely . 
  anyway , good list , upvoted , 
  still better than a islamic country as an atheist or christian, 
  looks like a bad choice to me , after all they are already at a war with us . 
  so im fairly detached from the refugee problem - all the discussion does is piss me off , and i dont need that toxicity in my daily life - but from what i know the initial number was 2k , and now i hear 100k ... 
  i would say that the 2k is about creating a precedent, 
  good , 
  ive never said that , i just told you to read a bit on islam and donkeys/goats ;p its getting sad now tho, 
  i am not drunk , im just fabulous . 
  there is no sad story , its a story of fun and happiness . 
  go research islam and goats and donkeys , 
  its a long story , nevermind ;p ive derailed the conversation with that bosnia stuff ;(, 
  no dreams here , only suffering ? 
  how are the goats there ? 
  we will just move to bosnia . 
  for the full balkan experience, 
  shhh , too late, 
  sooo you wan na marry ? 
  mrw a gypsy calls me a russian . 
  mine neither . 
  that would be pretty hmm interesting, 
  depends on the export/import laws , i know they are legal here , they are basically treated as a car . 
   and polish borders are strongholds here . 
  ( really . 
  i swear i have seen military bases that was less defended then that i would like to see a military base as defended as borders  usually its a guard for maybe 3 euro an hour and few cameras tops . 
  though with an apc like that you could drive straight throught  i think i need to buy a few . 
  as ive said , if i wanted manboobs then i would simply look down , 
   well . 
  west is still enjoying growth and prosperity . 
  and public would be pissed if that would change because of some conflict . 
  sadly governments are ballsless because most of people have it good and do n't want to risk it . 
  true , its not like youre getting reelected if you start a war with russia over some random country ( no offence ) . 
   both right sector and separatists and some internal smaller groups ( few communist ones ) are searching for things like that all the time ... 
  funny thing is - you can pretty much get this stuff in poland , for example not saxons , but a brdm-2 with a disabled mg ( you can replace it , kpv-t 's are pretty common ) for like 3 k euro . 
   and some of them are stashed by criminal groups . 
  mostly for prestige or if they are paranoid for bad hour . 
  seems like a stupid , but a funny idea   and this is ukraine that we are talking about ... human rights are not the most known thing here ... 
  it can not be that bad , maybe a couple years back , but not now - i guess  you can get rich by selling them . 
  if i was living in ukraine i would do exactly that . 
  capitalism , fuck yeah !, 
  i think we have a misunderstanding , i was saying that for banter , not seriously ;p and as an anegdote , if i wanted whores , then i have poland . 
  thats cause youre really a dude !, 
  im the one soliciting the tits pic , not you !, 
  so we can compare sizes, 
  they are slightly hairy , about the size - i think you have something to deliver < 3, 
  lets face it . 
  you want me only for my tits . 
  i dont know what to say , how about ill go back to the true eastern europe and cry a bit ? 
   but currently west would scream and moan too much . 
  and it would probably end at just that . 
  its pathetic how bad our govs are bending over to avoid the conflict . 
   hell i swear that i have seen video somewhere in the internet where 4 members of one of pro-russian militia managed to capture 2 btr 's that were full of conscripts . 
  heres the ukrainian military for you ... + the conscripts part doesnt help ...  and if we are speaking about lethal aid . 
  if you would send it here it would be probably stolen and then sold on the black market . 
  check ukrainian bought of saxons . 
  our gov bought old cold war armored cars from uk and some of them were stolen and sold on black market in the first day of their service . 
  i have not heard about the black market part - pretty funny if you ask me - capitalism will always find a way . 
  one thing i dont know is : what do you do with black market apcs ? 
  i understand buying an ak or 5 , a few mags and a box of ammo and stashing it away for the future , but not an apc . 
  i imagine they are used by other forces ( red and black militias ? ), 
  or have they never resurfaced and are sitting somewhere in barns ? 
   and corruption like that is still prevalent here . 
  and sadly i ca n't imagine how it can get anyway better here . 
  we are talking with or without human rights violations ? 
  why do you have to be so offensive ... balkan scum, 
  about the full scale war : putin is not an idiot - thats the thing most of the people commenting on the issue seem to forget , glad you said it . 
  he is known for pushing the boundaries - he has already annexed crimea and is fighting a war on the mainland , i think its not a such big jump to attack the beaches - after all those are russians opressed by ukrainian nazi goverment , that have decided to fight . 
  they bought weapons and uniforms in a local shop , and bought a few landing crafts in a landing craft shop . 
  its been done before , and nothing happened . 
  we are still not sending lethal aid to you guys . 
   and in future when west will forgot about ukraine that would be possible . 
  sad to say , but we already forgot . 
  there is no mention of the conflict in the mainstream media - maybe once in a month someone will say something , but its considered everyday thing . 
  pretty sad if you ask me . 
  i dont think those charities we had running at the start of the conflict are still here , i havent heard about them in a year or more now . 
  i know . 
  i also like balkans boys better . 
  the girls are pretty meh, 
   to be completely honest , i consider hungary , slovakia and southern poland balkans too 1v1 me bruh  it 's not about degrading , boys in the balkans are way hotter than anything . . im polish and i think im hotter than the balkan boys . 
  you have n't seen my boobs . 
  id like to see a russian attempt to push the coast and maybe even land some troops near moldova in order to lock you out of the black sea . 
  would be a very interesting military move . 
  just to clarify : not that i support russia , i just like to discuss things , and the conflict is fascinating . 
  im not trying to take anything from you , i just say what i see on the maps , and what i was taught in the school . 
  i know romania is very detached from the balkans , but still you guys are classified as balkan country . 
  its not that i want to degrade you as ive said . 
   i dare you to say how a szekler from kov\u00e1szna or a romanian from suceava is same with a macedonian from tessaloniki or skopje ? 
  how am i different from a ruthenian who lives one village away but i am not from a montenegrin ?!, 
  im not talking about social differences , just the geographical ones . 
  i know balkans are very diverse . 
   so please , allow me to be just eastern european as you wish , 
   it matters because you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i was talking purely geographical - and i have idea what im talking about . 
   clusterfuck is poland 's history . . clusterfuck is europe 's history and people . 
  yes  i think you confuse my country with yugoslavia i think you are confusing what balkans are . 
  i certainly dont confuse your country with yugo . 
   my fried . 
  [ thats the spirit !,
