  its an opinion article , no proof , high bias , same as my posts . 
  does that mean that my posts should be posted here ? 
  beautiful stuff . 
  though seems funny that they are building those in russia - that country has more space than it can use . 
  the title is shit and why is this newsworthy ? 
  i would say that eu internship looks amazing on the resume . 
  shhh kebab , just let it happen, 
  that ( its not as bad as it sounds in your post ) and the stereotypes coming back from communist times . 
  / u/coolanteater, 
  the requirements are vague and they can be bent . 
  anyway , there are hoops turkey is not going to meet too fast ( democracy , human rights , minorities , rule of law ) - we will see if they will get bent for turkey . 
   what is wrong about juncker 's opinion ? 
  nothing wrong , just knowing him and the entire band - i know they are not thinking about our interests . 
  did n't need them , but wanted them . 
  the ee is in a far better shape than other expansions like balkans and turkey . 
  the cape verde is something totally different . 
  if you wanted to trigger me , then try again . 
   the ukrainian air force is in pretty bad shape right now . 
  youve written air force , i think you meant armed forces - the airforce is useless vs russia , and there is a record of planes and helicopters being downed like flies . 
   i think the best right now that europe/us can do is to help prop up the ukrainian economy structurally . 
  the economy can be done simultaneously with military , and there will be no economy without the military . 
  we have to resolve one issue before jumping onto another . 
  and my stance on the economy part is - let them do it themselves , but enable them with trade treaties . 
  i do n't want to pour money in there and accept them into eu before they resolve the oligarchy problem . 
  then yes - not sure if and why we need them tho . 
  my approach is pretty much : hey portugal , want that stuff ? 
  yeah , sounds like fun . 
  or hey portugal , want that stuff ? 
  nah , its a shithole . 
  fine , doesnt matter to me . 
  it makes sense , i would be on board with you as its a good approach , but i am more sceptic of eu gov every second . 
  i have nothing against dialogue , as long as it doesnt lead to bending . 
  generally useless shithole that speaks portugese and that looks like it could be a nice holiday place . 
  if portugal had invested up in it , then it would be pretty nice , but they wont , you know , cause useless shithole . 
  havent said that . 
  i just have a different approach to the issue . 
  my way - setting the requirements in stone , and discussing only after them meeting those requirements - is pretty controversial . 
  all i want is to avoid the bending over just because some bought bureaucrat will want it . 
  juncker is one of the frontmen of the eu , and while this statement is not that bad , im directing my disappointment at the foundation of the statement ( lets do anything to get turkey in ) . 
   because eu talks are also a diplomatic tool and turkey is important to eu strategy in the east . 
  ok , true , but we can do with a status quo like now . 
   we ca n't have them teaming up with russia same as they . 
  if they would flip and our goverments would act accordingly , then the people would flip the country back , after seeing what happened to them . 
   turkey is one of the most militarily active nato members and are having an anti-american shitfit right now , do you understand the implications ? 
  i am well aware . 
  again , they can not afford to flip red . 
   oh and they hold the keys to the black sea , yea that too . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits in case of war its different , but there will be no war . 
   last , but not least , turkey is a trading partner they make a whole lot of things for us and we make a whole lot of things for them . 
  i know . 
  i drive a turkish transit from time to time . 
  we would survive . 
  this would mean a small shift in basically any industry , but nothing major like north america disappearing from the face of world and being replaced by water . 
   a political shift will have economic fallout . 
  no fallout , they wont do it . 
   idealistic notions of not negotiating with ` dictators ' ( erdogan is ellected , even if he 's an authoritarian ) have no place in real life diplomacy . 
  in the ( paraphrased ) words of machiavelli - the world is so far from what it should be that one who acts as he ` should ' seeks his destruction rather than his preservation . 
  tell that to lukashenko tldr : no problem cause no flip . 
  if flip then turkey dieded, 
  the other way is stop the talks and get them to get their shit together alone , the other way is to talk and bend . 
  i would tear the talks down and resume them after they met criteria set in stone . 
  my understanding of eu globalism goes like this : we want you ? 
  k youre in . 
  ** i would like to know why the eu likes the turkey so much , it bends over backwards to have them onboard . 
  i would be against unless it would be by annexation by portugal, 
  its time to talk who he supports really . 
  belarus ? 
  too bad having belarus blue is important economically for the ee . 
  turkey ? 
  yeah , great dictator , gon na be fun . 
  if they start going normal , then im ok with having turkey in , but in this state ? 
  its a joke, 
  so i dont speak ukrainian , but i speak russian and from what ive gotten from it it seems like nothing much ? 
  i understand that this will be put to vote or to vote by the comission - i hope they wont go with him and antagonize poland . 
  well it doesnt really matter , our goverment will keep sucking their dick anyway . 
  the us moneys are going towards training mostly , few key elements like artillery radars , drones etc. 
  the canadian and polish afaik is mostly protective equipment . 
  its listed there , but its not important . 
  so the us money really does matter i would like to see a list of gifts for the ukr military and volunteers as a lot of that stuff was sent from poland . 
  would be fun if that milion of work visas was accidentally removed  and now seriously : wtf is this article ? 
  it seems to be translated with google translate , seems to not even be a serious website and the content is pretty hmmm radical . 
   i just think you 've been disensitised by all the fucked up videos you probably watch you are 100 % on point . 
  that + depression and betrayal made me feel nothing of this sort . 
  atleast im stronger now , 
  you need some cynicism in your life . 
  for me those people are just numbers . 
  people die everyday and the sooner you accept it the better . 
  the best way to describe it is `` not my fcking problem '', 
  some things are just designated as phobias for political gain . 
  nah , we dont care . 
   and then we look at the percentage of people voting for the likes of trump , and i 'm equally scared of them . 
  this is called phobia . 
  in kongo i would be a warlord or atleast a gunrunner , in uae i would be dead for being atheist or paying jizya for being christian . 
   we just let the poles , romanians and hungarians fight against the syrians and afghans . 
  you know ... its one in fifty . 
  i mean how many get written in as a 17 yo or 16 year old in the paperwork , and actually are 18 + . 
  i believe its close to impossible to refuse asylum to an underage person - then you wait a year or few months and you become an adult . 
  true , but in a normal war its the same - there is only a handful of fighters with entire countries supporting them , same here , few fighters , many supporters . 
  does anyone have a statistic of convenient ages like 17 and 16 ? 
  this goes 18 and up , but many - afaik - register as 17 yo .
