  good luck surviving , 
  if theres will , theres a way . 
  krak\u00f3w is huge , they will find a way to reroute traffic and busses . 
  maybe it will be not as efficient as usual , but it will work . 
  somehow . 
   and i 'm not getting any leave from my company for that time . 
  thats bad for you , but you can just leave the house earlier . 
  the attacks on `` aliens '' are simply hot shit in the media now . 
  lets face it , probably like 3 people get battered a day ( average ) , but when one `` alien '' gets attacked its hot shit for a week . 
  not to say its bad , it is , but its an artificial problem . 
   much the same way that a women might feel unsafe walking alone late at night poland is like crazy safe . 
  the irrational fear is only created by media saying things they say , and years of the mindset that everyone is out to get you . 
   how we now appear to have reason to fear a terrorist attack in our cities . 
  again . 
  media reporting and fear-mongering . 
  while the threat is real , its almost non existant . 
  poland is the safest country in europe , second safest in the world after japan , but media , instead of creating us a bubble of safety try to bombard us with cherry picked stories of some not important shit , that happened in bumfuck nowhere sorry for the rant . 
  as ive said - racist attacks are an almost non-existant issue ( couple per year ) , and can be easily avoided . 
  it seems that staying in a bar/club with an agressive drunk idiot is the only way to get battered/assaulted, 
   security , there 's a police car every 10 meters in whole city . 
  gas and overtime . 
  some minor cost like car maintenance etc can be skipped . 
   transportation , they pay 15 pln for a week ticket ( it was estimated that it should cost 50 pln to cover the costs of transportation ) . 
  thats like gym membership . 
  sometimes you add money and not use the service , and sometimes the service adds money . 
  thats their buisness model . 
   all in all the city will spend 200 million pln ( 50 mil $ ) of my taxes on some random catholics who are n't even a good target of a tourist advertisement . 
  generally when you do that kind of event - youre doing it for prestige . 
  those events - when done well , can be very profitable . 
  imagine how much money will be spent in shops around the country by those pilgrims . 
  this is just one example, 
  maybe the guys were really small ? 
  i guess you wo n't know till you have an encounter like that . 
  but it seems to be very hard to have that kind of encounter, 
  i hope you are not wondering about your safety from poles - its totally unwarranted , created by fear-mongering media @edit : and brainless leftist internet trolls, 
  not really . 
  all there is points to the conclusion that he was trying to do something . 
  he was renting two apartments along the road pope francis will use to go to the world youth days or whatever its called and `` multiple '' apartments in krak\u00f3w , where the event will take place with like a half milion christian pilgrims unconfirmed : had a list of shopping centres was iraqi and the most important : he was covered in dust from c4 and petn . 
  so while im not a chemist - i know a bit about those : this is serious shit . 
  these explosives are not something you accidentally get on yourself . 
  while your dad was in contact with mines - so also explosives , normal visitor or citizen in poland will be in contact with explosives only in the nye from the fireworks . 
  petn is a c4 detonator that is pretty much rdx plasteline . 
  he was certainly up to something . 
  if it was an accident , he would be covered in normal rdx or anfo that are used industrially ( tho i dont know about usage of them in poland , never heard of them being used tho , am polish citizen ) , not military grade , impossible to get without a smuggling network explosives . 
   just food for thought . 
  if there is nothing else going on that is suspicious , then the iraqi might have the dust on his clothes by pure coincidence . 
  so yeah , something was going to go down , 
  generally we are looking at one-two accidental deaths per 1m citizens . 
  but thats taking figures from usa , where you can go and just buy a gun , or go through some piss-poor ccw training . 
  thats already low . 
  here in poland after youre declared fit for gun ownership ( clean record , mentally and physically fit ) then you have to pass an exam consisting of theory ( theory , law , safety ) and a practical exam that checks your gun-handling skills , that you can safely field-strip the gun , and that you know how to shoot in general direction of the target ) . 
   never really thought about the economic impact . 
  this is something i 've never heard in debates about gun control in my country , not sure why , as its a great argument . 
  relaxing gun laws would go very deep ( for example selling oil for trucks to import the guns ) , not only the obvious gun stores etc and would bring enormous revenue to the polish goverment . 
  we have estabilished a chinese-polish railroad . 
  goes through the entire asia . 
  if the gun ownership was less obstructed i would be the first to buy guns from norinco and sell them here and to the entire europe . 
  @edit : started writing about the mighty norinco and forgot to say the most important thing : my statistics come from the [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) but i think they are wrong . 
  why ? 
  i do not know what does unintentional mean , but i think it includes second person sometimes , as it would n't fly with the gun ownership rates . 
  for example usa has .18 unintentional with somewhere ~ 100guns/100 people , and poland has .03 unintentional with 1 gun/100 people . 
  thats just wrong , especially considering that you have to pass an exam on safety that actually requires knowledge and is easy to fail . 
  actually they are both shit . 
  not the guy you talked to , but im european , polish to be exact and i know your pain . 
  1 gun/100 citizens here   accidents happen regardless of gun ownership rates . 
  it does n't have to be a gun to result in a fatality , if people are irresponsible , they or other people will die regardless . 
  promoting a culture of responsibility would be much more beneficial than banning guns imo . 
  but for the politicians the most logical approach is : no guns - no gun accidents . 
  but really , is saving these 10 people a year worth thousands of euros in missed taxes , thousands of jobs etc ? 
   people who are in a fit of rage do n't need guns to kill , in romania , obtaining a gun is pretty much impossible for civilians , yet we still have such murders , only people use knives and axes instead of guns . 
  according to polish police spokesman ( like for entire country , not in a shithole that doesnt matter ) if we had guns for home defence ( after proposition of legislation allowing to buy guns to defend homes ) , we would take them and go kill the neighbor cause his small party makes noise . 
  years of communism propaganda , leftist propaganda after the fall of su/ppr and statements like that from authorities there is no will to introduce guns to our culture . 
  the support for loosening ( some of the most restrictive gun laws ) of the laws is somewhere ~ 30 % if i remember correctly . 
   i 'm not in favor of absolutely no gun control , but i do n't think banning guns completely is a solution either . 
  glad to meet a sane person on the internet . 
  funny thing is - when our media says something about loosening gun laws they always quote a maniac that says guns for all , basically like you said let 's sell guns like candy , but they always skip gun clubs and ngo 's that want to clear up the law , make guns controlled , but accessible etc. 
  that is how our leftist media spins gun enthusiasts = maniacs . 
   if some guy breaks into my house in the middle of the night , i want to have the right to shoot that motherfucker 's brains out , currently i do n't have that right . 
  sadly , we need our laws ( i imagine romanian laws are pretty similiar to polish and european laws in that matter ) to be fixed . 
  currently im joking with my pro gun friends that its better to die than kill in self defence . 
  we need some castle doctrine . 
  sorry for the rant , needed to vent . 
  and no , im not crazy , the propaganda parts are 100 % right, 
  the great representative democracy . 
  idiots voting for idiots so they can do what the first idiots do n't want . 
  poland is not a source for illegal weapons . 
  the place you want to look at is balkans , ex yugo . 
  3 dutch men of turkish origin walk into a shop , want to buy 2x ak + glock for 5k usd , get thrown in a can http://www.tvn24.pl/pomorze,42/gdynia-areszt-dla-holendrow-arabskiego-pochodzenia,628029.html in polish , with autoplay video . 
  you can translate it with chrome or google translate tho . 
  you can get a gun pretty easily anywhere . 
  if i was going to get one then id find a guy that deals weed or even better hard drugs and go up the food chain . 
  i do n't think i would have to go too far . 
  and 1/3 of the guns . 
  and lots of those murders are gangs . 
  exposition , collecting ( here lots of people own for example ak bayonets , but not the ak 's ) , mounting them legally ( for example one permit can give you 5 round limit , and another 30 round ) in some circumstances , buying spare magazines so you can reload the gun without reloading the magazine for a minute , and various misc things like airsoft - for example people buy normal ak mags to modify and put in airsoft replicas ( leaving externals , and putting internals from some other compatible magazine ) . 
  the laws are not perfect , and they cause bs like this, 
  he has researched attacks , so you probably are onto something with the concealment part , but really ... 
  there is so many options to have more firepower in similiar , backpack sized package ( smg ) ... its pretty sad tho , every time there is a shooting , all i think is i would have done it better . 
  if you applied what we know about him to me , i would fit the description closely . 
  does n't mean im gon na do something like that .
