  first insurgencies , second give it time , 
  those in power and the state will still live on shares and bought corporations . 
  youre right . 
  the baltic states are a kettle - from east and south russia/belarus , they would instantly attack from belarus and kaliningrad in order to close lithuanian-polish border , and then lock out the sea . 
  the navy would be good in support , but it will get locked in port , or try to escape and die . 
  the ukrainian conflict is a huge wakeup call both to ukraine and to nato/eu , and its fascinating to watch, 
  and the goverment of russia ( putin ) is 10 x smarter than our leaders . 
  constantly outplaying them . 
  the war is a great topic for discussions , but its only that . 
   tough we have differences , i do agree with some of your points on what we need to buy and about efficiency . 
  no aircraft carriers , that 's for sure :d tell me about it !, 
  our goverment wants to buy 5 subs with ballistic missiles . 
  meanwhile the only infantry-borne at weapon we have is spike . 
  with 264 launchers and somewhere around 2k missiles . 
  missiles that leave a fucking line of smoke in the air ... 
  lets go to discussion :d  talking about deployment , you know , it really depends on how and where we deploy . 
  if we are in range of their artillery , then yeah , sure . 
  they could do a lot of damage , if the unit does n't have any protection . 
  but i 'm certain that the military would n't deploy so close to the border as to be in reach of artillery strikes while we 're not even at war . 
  i 'll also note , that war would probably be expected . 
  i mean , i highly doubt that russia would just one day decide , without some period of tension to bam - attack the baltics . 
  first thing the range thing : so we have to say that their recon will be omnipotent , because it would be . 
  the opening of the war would be iskander 's and all that stuff into predetermined locations - like airfields , bases , bridges . 
  then they would cross the border with conventional forces , and move up as much as they need , then , upon meeting resistance - grad time  the bm-30 themself could cover half of your country from the border . 
  about the war : preparation and buildup would take months to be done - thats time to set up defensive positions , or even offensive ones with full force of the nato - this leads me to the opinion , that putin would simply attack out of the blue , with maybe two days notice . 
  the suprise element is crucial . 
   i also would n't praise russian soldiers as such good ones . 
  from what i 've seen , they do n't take too much care for them and maintain such a large force with so much equipment . 
  their weak link would be either bad equipment or bad soldiers . 
  and i would be iffy on both of those things . 
  i would like to say that moscow - riga is 900km , and moscow is the home of the best divisions . 
  best training , best equipment - though there is some guessing involved , as they arent trying to be overly transparent . 
  the rest is shit , but i believe in the strenght of moscow military district . 
   even their field ration packs suck . 
  btw , i 'll note that who ever created the polish field ration pack deserves a god damn medal . 
  from the ones i 've seen , they 're probably the best in all of nato youve not seen how huge are the guts of our soldiers . 
  not even funny . 
  about the nasams - i dont think it would do anything significant , but i dont know , depends on the situation . 
  better to have than to not have . 
   in the end , we really do n't know what kind of war could we expect with russia . 
  would they go full nazi germany ww2 style and blitzkrieg everything ? 
  would they go for another hybrid war ? 
  or maybe even force good old buddy lukashenko to tempt nato security ? 
  we do n't know how would they attack . 
  this is a great question - i wonder about this sometimes . 
  we have put in place mechanics to fight hybrid wars , so it would be unwise for them to try that , the most likely version seems to be blitzkrieg of baltics , or maybe not blitzkrieg , but one big push , without letting you breath . 
  those are some smart motherfuckers , can you please volunteer to test their strategy ? 
    i myself believe that what our military is doing now , what we are purchasing , how we are moving forward and planing is the best we can do with advice from top military analysts who know how we need to handle our purchases . 
  israel is the best example we have on how to do it , they managed to solely defend themselves against a lot more enemies quite a few times , yet hey also have a lot of high tech and expensive equipment . 
  israel is a pretty bad example , as after yom kippur its pretty much a t-800 of the middle east - its the russia of baltics . 
  they have also received a lot of free goodies and technology , things you guys should be , but are not getting . 
   so us baltics need to follow that example ( while understanding what is different ) and the result of the war and a possible occupation would ultimately rely on nato . 
  would they delay taking actions and helping , will they not develop more countermeasures in the region ? 
  or will they react swiftly . 
  our military objective is to delay as much as possible , while keeping as much of our territory intact as possible . 
  i would not say russia would be able to so much hurt , that even none of our drones or radios would work , while also they would have to be overextended defending their huge territory , open to attack from many areas . 
  the nato is a huge question mark , but i guess the usa would join - you have backing of poland , maybe the whole v4 - thats half of eu , thats a world war . 
  now some real talk : our , polish strategy is to have us servicemen on our soil . 
  once they start getting killed - its american war . 
  its sad , but its an important safeguard . 
  they know that too . 
  man youre keeping me awake ;p, 
  nato will surely act . 
  baltics have 100 % backing of poland , probably together with the rest of v4 . 
  it really would be a world war, 
   that 's true , however , most eastern nato members in reality have only a strategy to hold the russians back long enough for nato troops to deploy . 
  their entire strategy relies on nato ( the us in particular ) to step in and fight the russians . 
  if that does n't happen , we 're fucked , basically . 
  on point man  what i am suggesting is high saturation with at and aa means . 
  that would not only help holding off , but would also bleed the enemy . 
  and trust me , russians would never even try to invade a country that has as much at launchers as they have tanks , and 5 missiles for each launcher . 
   there are issues to training people in guerrilla warfare though , and governments want to avoid it , because it might turn around and bite their ass . 
  a traditional military is easy to control , almost like a robot army , individual soldiers do n't need to be smart , they just need to follow orders . 
  guerrilla soldiers need to be smart , they need to know how to improvise and have the skills required to create massive disruptions with minimal manpower , governments fear that . 
  this is a pretty bad way of thinking . 
  you can learn precision shooting on youtube basically , ied 's probably too - didnt really check , i know how to make one anyway . 
  you can learn how to aim a mortar on youtube , you can learn how to operate a manpad/advanced anti-tank system too somewhere probably . 
  the knowledge really is out there . 
   baring the occasion shot down helicopter most of their bombers operate outside tow range . 
  tow is an anti tank missile , the only way to kill a helicopter or bomer with that is to find it on the ground , or helicopter hoovering still ( ultra rare ) so the bombers first : as any hardware - manpads have limits , russians exploit that by flying above the range . 
  that is not a problem , as lithuanians will have medium range systems ( that will be silenced by russian sead ) , support of the ships in baltic ( ships can basically lay a point air defence network ) . 
  aside from that : the air superiority of nato would be crazy . 
  like 20:1 helicopters : they basically exploited cities by flying low and fast - making achieving a lock very hard . 
  the video of chopper being shot down shows it far above the ground , in middle of an open space . 
  they basically let the enemy kill them . 
  that situation of avoiding would be very hard in the baltics . 
   if they use the fleet the fleet will be locked in ports in st. petersburg and kaliningrad . 
  st. petersburg from finland and gotland , the kaliningrad from poland and gotland . 
  not speaking about the nato fleets and naval bombers equipped with asm 's . 
   air power we have been over that , no air power . 
   and artillery this is a huge concern . 
  ofcourse nato would be destroying it , but it would keep doing damage . 
   even the gureilla campaign will have a hard time . 
  they would be ok as long as they would be using certain safeguards . 
  they are not facing the full wrath of the bear . 
  if russia wanted to fight them , then there would be no ukraine anymore . 
  russia simply has no incentive anymore . 
  they have what they wanted . 
  they are preparing something now , we will see where they stop . 
   guerilla warfare is terrorism basically but pointed against occupant .
