great . 
  you totally made me sad . 
  what else ? 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i say that stuff because i can defend it . 
  its as simple as that . 
  i got downvoted , that just shows i have an unpopular opinion . 
  unpopular , because the commenters and browsers here have no idea how evil lies in the details . 
  well maybe i was not too clear - most of this subreddit , like 99 % has no clue about military and stuff - i do , and its something obvious to me . 
  nice discussion counter with `` that would be pathetic '' . 
   russia did n't want to this is so true . 
   ukrainian army you want me to die from laughing ? 
  mostly kinda-sorta . 
  its pretty different . 
  the words are different and the language sounds like drunk ivan singing, 
  poland would be completely destroyed , and so would germany . 
  russia does n't waste money , russia is smart , and russia is preparing for being disadvantaged at war and winning since 20 years now . 
  yes , judging by my experience . 
  im already out of the system , so i might not be up to date tho . 
  i think we should stop the rusophobia and sanctions . 
  in case of situations like ukraine we should respond with forcce - crushing the resistance in those regions or like you said making a deal . 
  putin is a reasonable man and making a deal with him would be great . 
  current rusia-eu politics is lets stab ourselves 5cm deep so we can stab them 7 cm deep . 
  not / s if he knows anything . 
  russia could easily win a conventional war against european states . 
  if there was no us/canada and turkey - easy peasy, 
  i know what im about son . 
  no shit, 
  but english . 
  its not that i think russian is amazing n shit , i mean that russian gets where english often doesnt, 
  i know how it sounds . 
  police does n't know what its doing . 
  same with the military . 
  well it evolved , the cold war one is pretty outdated now . 
  with the modern definitions we are certainly 1st world , 
   this is wrong , they have mandatory training multiple times a year . 
  you guys are always few steps ahead ;p  there is no drawback giving them rifles , they should n't have to fight with a mp5 against an ak47 . 
  there is no drawback between ak-47 and mp-5 . 
  i would even say the mp-5 is a superior weapon in this situation . 
  meanwhile in poland people between 18 and 34 years of age make up for 47 % of total unemployed . 
  going to school = employed . 
  im sarcastic and i percieve us as a 2nd world country ( by the blue red green cold war split ) . 
  i also am not bitter , just strange humour . 
  special units are special units . 
  normal cops get like no range time . 
  they are not used for their stopping power , they are used for the better parameters than 9mm submachine guns ( mostly accuracy over range ) that matter only if the skills of the operator are off the charts . 
   when terrorists use them police should too . 
  why dont give bombs , terrorists use them too, 
  its one of the things that are only funny when they are said with a straight face, 
   that only makes poland a religious shithole , you know  nice mental gymnastics , you probably made that jump thanks to estonian balkan sauna corrupted sperm you use in the local inbreeding process . 
  range is not the problem in cities . 
  accuracy is not the problem that is about weapons . 
  spend the money you would use to buy new guns on ammunition and range training with the mp-5 's its easier to do follow up shots with mp-5 's due to lower recoil and better grip on the gun ( vs a g3 for example ) . 
  larger calibre is pointless , and its actually a lower calibre , just higher casing lenght - more gunpowder , more energy . 
  what rifles would you want to give to the police ? 
  g3 , g36 or g36c maybe even hk-416 / 7 ? 
  this does n't make sense . 
  you can give them mg3s , will be as retarded as new rifles, 
  why not ? 
  it would lead to jumping extra hoops to get the same effect we have . 
  it will also lead to corruption and stuff . 
  if i was in charge of polish armed forces aquisitions , then i would make our defences impenetrable . 
  and the world police is not going anywhere, 
  not sure what will the rifles change . 
  aside from upping the civilian casualties . 
  anything except for the deportations will not work . 
  and even the deportations will not work , as the potential offenders will simply have a closer deadline . 
  unless its done without their knowledge . 
  the illegal weapon trade part might help , but only might , there is a new trend to expand the term `` economy of killing '' to terrorism . 
  the times of hijacking planes , or planting multiple bombs after months of planning are over . 
  they know , that a good run with a truck is going to be as deadly ( or even more ) than guns , explosives and planning that took months and milions of euros . 
  they also move away from doing attacks themselves ( they will , but not on a monthly basis ) into using lone wolves that are uncounterable . 
  the globalists dream of eu military and law enforcement . 
  god why, 
  welcome to poland - place where you leave the university and all you can do is playing waiter or some other cashier, 
   triggered . 
  have a look at how wrong you were !, 
  :d how can you live with 480p women ? 
  anyway half looks retarded , the other girl looks ok .  you are now mixing up baltic and balkan :p first one is a shithole , the second one is a shithole . 
  who cares really, 
  whats the profit of supporting palestine ? 
  it has meaning in european context , where most media is owned by german media conglomerates ( ~ 60 % of polish media ) , that has a long record of twisting news to fit their narrative . 
   it 's just everybody always thinks they 're the victim . 
  for example israeli intervention leaves 10 dead , including 5 children . 
  dozen of homes ruined . 
  this doesnt mention that hamas uses children as soldiers or human shields , and the attack is motivated by a rocket / mortar attack on israeli soil . 
  forgot to add : poor palestinians as always opressed by the hateful , bloodthirsty israeli regime, 
  bulgarian is a stretch , as it was under the influence of the orthodox church , with cyrylics n shit . 
  slovenian is also a slight stretch , but polish goes very well with czech and slovakian . 
   that 's not endemic to slavs :d you guys are shitty imposters . 
  nah , you guys are solid in this part , who am i kidding . 
  all you do for the last thousand of years is sitting in a shack somewhere in the middle of frozen baltic , drink bear vodka , look at bears , run away from bears cause you can not into slavic and then fuck your bear-alike looking women . 
   yet you do seem like a person , who has troubles with these concepts . 
  you are onto something . 
  maybe its just that i dont care enough to remember  you better bring your own towel because we ai n't borrowing !, 
  worse than the balkan scum . 
  anyway , you guys are the same . 
  you will understand more than when coming from chinese . 
  and slavic languages are still pretty close . 
   so it 's not like you are losing much .
