   russian was tought compulsory in whole eastern block and it still failed to be lingua franca for countries in eastern block . 
  i had 8 years of russian at school for the record , and you really could n't really depend on it . 
  thats public schools for you   and no , even for slavs it is not automatic to understand or speak russian . 
  never said that . 
  it takes work to speak , read and understand russian - another thing is to write , but its relatively easy to learn compared to german or i dont know , chinese . 
  i said that knowing russian and polish you can get by basically anywhere in the zones ive mentioned . 
  lack of willingness , schedule problems , lack of prestige , many factors , its not like our discussion on reddit will change anything , 
  well ... 
  i havent studied french for one minute in my life but can get by anyway . 
  thanks for your opinion  ive asked this question with an idea that maybe those 3 years of french would be better when spent on spanish - maybe learning differences and polishing the language you already half-know is better than starting another and learning nothing ;p, 
  i live mainly west of warsaw - with only like 3 schools in my county offering russian , its also problematic to go for it due to the schedule . 
  the problem is that russian is not advertised enough and imo seen as inferior to the mighty german or french . 
   are you american btw ? 
  not american , but americanized pole - with so much exposure here on reddit i would fit right in  i live in poland if thats what you mean . 
   actually we are an island . 
  :d thanks for the reply anyway , 
  you go in the door . 
  or in the back door . 
  so - generally the idea of 1 +2 in learning languages at public schools is stupid . 
  i would rather know 1 +1 but good . 
  why replace german - with german you can talk to germans , austrians and maybe some people that learned german as their third language , you both will probably have problems with communicating . 
  both of you learned english as 2nd - and it will simply be easier to talk english . 
  same when you ( with shitty german ) talk to a german person . 
  its all about the public schools . 
  now with russian - with russian you can talk to people that generally dont speak english or speak it very badly . 
  im talking russia and central asia . 
  with knowledge of russian and polish you can get by basically in : poland czech republic slovakia estonia latvia lithuania serbia macedonia slovenia bulgaria russia belarus ukraine kazakhstan kyrgyzstan georgia tajikistan moldova uzbekistan israel that should be about it , started with some sort of set , drifted apart near the end . 
  this is a list of countries where you sometimes would have to target older people to talk using pure russian , but with a some kind of polish-russian mix you could comfortably talk . 
  * some of those countries and languages would require some mental gymnastics or a few days of exposure to be understandable , but its easy peasy * so yeah . 
  we 'll beat you up , rape your house and burn your mother down . 
  you know what we do with poster kids here ? 
  you do n't want to know . 
  i did not mean drop the mothers tongue , i meant as 3rd . 
   large parts of the rapidly developing world speak french at least as a lingua franca or as the language of government and education . 
  same with spanish/portugese , 
  but muh polen, 
  you have to try harder , 
  its stupid that so many europeans think learning german is usefull . 
  if we had all spent the 2nd and 3rd language lessons on english we would be all ahead . 
  hey , got a question for you - why do n't you guys just drop the french and learn spanish ? 
  i know about the portugese minority in france , but it seems like spanish is more relevant - with it you can cover the entire latin america and also your only neighbor . 
  is it because you dont like it , or its so obvious that you treat is as a language you know ? 
  im polish and i would like german/french replaced with russian , or atleast as an available option in every school ( its very rare ), 
  one big concrete motherfucker . 
  the rest is up to you, 
  its very much = , but with some compromises these days . 
  it was started to flip world red by itself . 
  they just slowed down a little . 
  [ here  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ), 
  well my leftist definition for this list is pretty broad , anything that has a dose of socialism or social liberalism ? 
  youre in !, 
  ive stretched it a bit  [ here - this guy nailed it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ww2f9/pope_francis_and_the_decline_of_the_west_the/d6afebd ), 
  spot on . 
  the pis/law and justice party of poland is often called right wing or atleast centre right - while they are conservative borderline socialists . 
  and the cynic in you is correct . 
  the eu money founds corruption - lots are spent well , but some are embezzled ( not sure if its a proper legal term , not a lawyer ) . 
  in this case there is a company that makes those tents ( called homes , but really ) , company that deals with logistics and company that builds them up in there . 
  im probably skipping a dozen of subcompanies that deal with those things . 
  if you steal here and there , maybe 10 % - thats 100k of free , clean money . 
  this for example is pretty significant in goverment contracts - one man shovels , 5 men watch , and all get paid . 
  aside from the little socialism here and there . 
  while the term i used is pretty wrong - its used to describe the shift in demographics of a region by importing other cultures - and its used in the eurabia conspiracy to describe multiculturalism with other words that describe situation not now , but in 50 , 100 years . 
  now i know it sounds to you like im retarded already , but thats just because media and propaganda shaped it this way . 
  it makes perfect sense once you distance it from breivik and other idiots . 
  tbh everything is called genocide now ... 
  i need some genocide cheese, 
  im not talking just immigration . 
  im talking social , im talking economical . 
   since you think that most governments in europe are leftist , i think we disagree on the definition of `` leftism '' . 
  germany , france , spain , italy , portugal . 
  thats without entering the balkans , baltics and scandinavia . 
  9 mins before your post https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ww2f9/pope_francis_and_the_decline_of_the_west_the/d6acjk8, 
  and then they pay again , its an endless loop for our money ... 
  in another post in this comment section ive written that german cdu is more to the left than ps ;p, 
  they are not leftist , but their actions look to be more leftist than those of the socialist party of france . 
  while cdu stirs up some right drama , their important policies seem to be left-ish . 
  might be only my limited exposure tho, 
  it doesnt lead to anything, 
  most goverments in eu are leftist . 
  some are more , some are less , but amost all are , especially the policy shaping ones - france and germany . 
  yeah , i know , but i said a big ass wall , 
  and i dont - the palestine is root of all evil now . 
  maybe its partially caused by years of harm from israel , but opening up would only create death and misery . 
  they should make canaan great again !, 
  i think they should build a big ass wall . 
  and make palestine pay for it . 
  the only goal of israel ever was to look after jews . 
  and thats what they are doing . 
  why do they keep pumping money in there ? 
  they do it all the time . 
  some call it a non-violent cultural genocide , but then are called idiots and racist conspiracy theorists cause data does n't matter . 
  ( i know 2.14 is a total number ), 
  so i dont know nothing about industrial uses of coal , but here we go : we have brown and black only , the mining of anthracite was ceased a few years ago i believe as long as the powerplants are compatible - then using polish coal saves you on logistics , but i dont know . 
  one thing is - polish gov could give the coal to you for free or almost free, 
  ukraine does n't supply electricity to crimea for half a year now . 
   ( ukraine relies on coal for a big part of its electricity , and shortage caused by donbass occupation is so bad that ukraine suffered massive black outs in 2015 ... the solution was mostly trade with enemy ) . 
  the enemy to the west has a lot of mines and mined coal ready to ship , 
  the thread is 3 mins late . 
  unacceptable .
