  i do speak russian ( self learned ) , so i dont miss anything , but speaking russian is somewhere on the same level of uniquity as church latin . 
  it should be different . 
  in poland we also have the chance to choose languages - and we can get russian , but for the most part that limits number of schools you can go to , makes it more complicated with the scheduling etc. 
  its also not seen as as prestigious or whatever as german or french . 
  for example any school you pick will have french and german . 
  with most students going for german . 
  pretty much like slavic languages . 
  the west slavs ( poles and czechs and slovaks can understand eachother ( czechs and slovaks speak the same language ) without too much hassle ( more than portugese/spanish ) . 
  one speaks polish and the second responds in czech , 
  was n't aware , 
  youre probably saying older generation , those who learned russian and german or something . 
  current 18 y/o 's should have 9 or 10 years of learning english , and probably 6 german . 
  tbh the english is closer to 13 years now - usually starts from preschool these days . 
  not much polish spoken , some , for example in touristy areas of czrep and slovakia , but not much , they prefer to go with german or french afaik . 
  there is no point in learning polish . 
  the deal is that you can talk polish to a cz/sk dude , he will talk back in cz/sk and you will both understand eachother . 
  some words are similiar , some are identical , some are completely different , but in this case you still have context . 
  tldr the difference is even smaller when spoken . 
   triggered its always those small things ;p i was aware of the hurr durr we are not spanish hurr , pretty weird how so similiar countries make so much effort to distance themselves from eachother ;p russia and ukraine these days pretty much . 
  the economical relations were pretty good in certain sectors , but the sanctions have destroyed them . 
  thats the part where you can get by with polish , 
  exactly , so why they keep doing it ? 
  answering this question enters the fields of conspiracy, 
  o shit, 
   for the sake of simplicity all slavs are the same  we are all powered by vodka , and our women are beautiful . 
   worse how ? 
  :d its the eesti can not into scandi joke  do n't get your sarcasm here . 
  you used the term incorrectly , i reacted ... you reacted so agressively , it hurt you deep inside ;p  to get to level 5 you either need to ask us whether estonians speak russian as their first language or you have to say something bad about saunas . 
  next time i see you , 
  you planing an expansion ? 
  chicken of death from my understanding . 
  ok lets end this , a frenchman will come and try to beat us with a baguette if we continue, 
  most of my disagreements with people come from my oversimplifications . 
  if lets say there is that 0.05 % germans in poland , then ill say no germans . 
  while its incorrect - it keeps stuff simple , and i need simple , as with every refresh i have 5 new replies ;p  by the way : we have a similar situation in austria . 
  in the south of carinthia there is a slovene speaking minority but they are all bilingual and are slowly getting germanized . 
  but that does n't mean that the slovene language is non existing in austria . 
  til + its the same with our germans , they are polonized already tho , 
   so we are latvians or lithuanians now ? 
  you can be whatever you want snowflake   ah , that nice geographical oversimplification ... makes conversations interesting , and estonians mildly bothered   baltic finnic = finnic . 
  finland is also finnic = baltic finnic . 
  baltic and baltic finnic have nothing to do with each other besides the etymology of these terms . 
  you guys are finns but worse ? 
   estonians as baltic people or balts is not conventional , it 's just incorrect . 
  now serious time : i agree and i know , but for the sake of simplicity i just throw everything in one box , its not like im writing a scientific paper here . 
  sorry for triggering you, 
  have n't clicked on your article as i do n't know the site , but i know the problem . 
  generally its because israel is held to a higher standard by the media . 
  also israel bad , palestine and muslims good supports the msm narrative . 
  not sure what they have to gain from it tho, 
  was n't that far off , 
  from your link :  however , there is not a single locality or even a village neighborhood in today 's upper silesia or poland , where german would be a ( not even the ) language of everyday communication . 
  as ive said - the strictly german households are very rare , as all those people are polonized already ( if thats a proper word ) . 
  even if their first or in-house language is german , then they know polish as second for sure . 
  tldr : anegdote   anyway . 
  i 'm not here to nitpick . 
  we need more people like you :p, 
  cmon you know what i mean . 
  im not going to say baltic states with baltic people and the holy state of estonia , that is one of the baltic states , but is a completely different , special snowflake with the mighty finno-ugric people of awesomeness . 
  and wikipedia says youre baltic finnic . 
  its not that i 'm ignorant , its that my mind has a concept of boxes , and you guys are in one box . 
  with a `` balts of baltic states '' description, 
  im not talking about being fluent , im talking about getting by . 
  getting by means : where be shop i buy bread . 
  i have a friend that lives in berlin and talks serbian to his two classmates . 
  he learned from songs praising serbian fighters in yugo wars without any form of serbian lessons . 
  i can understand maybe one in 3 words of slovenian ( that i find written on wikipedia ) and get the rest from context . 
  i had close to no exposure to it in my life . 
  the thing with with english is that its basically spoken anywhere in the western world , so specific languages like german or french are not needed if you dont want to live there as youve said . 
  my angle is that the reach of english ends somewhere at the ural mountains , and even before them , around moscow the signal gets pretty bad . 
  in the central asia its like i would ask you to speak inuit . 
  ive mentioned it in the long list post , just the guy kept talking germany , so so did i. german being natively spoken in a part of poland is more of an anegdote . 
  i would say maybe in a thousand of households . 
  i am completely not aware of that ;p i mean i know there is some issues between ethnic balts and baltic russians , but i dont have your insider knowledge , 
  all the countries ive mentioned have some of these characteristics : slavic roots , russian minorities , use russian as official language , languages that are similiar , use of cyrylics , history of being parts of soviet union . 
  what else ? 
  and if russian does n't work - im very explicit that i would use a mix of polish and russian . 
  that is the will of the people to learn language of occupants . 
  thats kind of true too , but if the public schools would try - then the students would learn . 
  back then they had the means to force it down your throat . 
  same in poland , but generally i am sure you could get by in russian . 
  you guys have like 28 % of slavic people ( mostly russians ) , history of being under su , and from what i can get from wikipedia - 66 % of people knowing a second language know russian . 
   it \u00b4 s a very american thing to ask , and on reddit and r/europe one never knows . 
  i was aware of the whole affair , but saw a portugese flair and jumped on the chance to ask at the source   kind of a joke , but also referring population distribution , cultural patterns and how throughout history the coastal areas and the sea have been far more important than the border areas . 
  my estimate is probably 92-95 % of the portuguese population lives closer to the sea than to spain . 
  anywhere in portugal is close to the sea  we generally see you this way - there is no lessons about modern portugal , but there are many mentions of the great portugese empire being all across the globe  in general we know a lot about small spain . 
  ive added russian due to the old generation , and also significant russian minorities . 
  definitely more accurate than for example poland - where to talk pure russian you would have to find people older than 50 , and most of those people havent heard a word of russian outside of a classroom 30 years ago , 
  its a very tricky conversation  the german language in current state of emigration trends and geopolitical ones is better , as germany is a good , stable ally . 
  its great to know german if you want to live in germany , but if we go anywhere outside of it - its automatically useless . 
  im just saying that russian is a great language to know , far more global than german - and i would like to see some more cooperation with russia than the blatant rusophobia we have here . 
  not talking love , just fair deal and a handshake . 
   this is really mental gymnastic you are doing here . 
  then why am i still fat ? 
  ;(  for countries neighbouring german speaking countries german is way more useful than russian . 
  depends on the purpose . 
  you can talk with germans in english , and unless you want to work there - it will be all you need . 
   what is this obsession about russian ? 
  no obsession , just not rusophobia that is common in europe and especially poland . 
  in the internet too .
