   so your solution is to become as bad as the terrorists ? 
  yes . 
   you ca n't just nuke people without good reason . 
  first thing is : we have a good reason second thing is : you dont need a good reason , you just need to be stronger than the one you bomb . 
   that 's why we use drone strikes where possible instead of carpet bombing . 
  this has proven to not work . 
  we need to terrorize them . 
  im already getting bombed , and i have done nothing to them . 
  to be bombed into oblivion . 
  the whole leftist is a sarcasm thing . 
   but how do you know they 're guilty without trial ? 
  they do n't have to be . 
  no sarcasm : im all for it . 
  we have a real problem , and i have no sympathy for those people . 
  if i was france , i would nuke al raqqa, 
  about a gtmo in europe ? 
  thats exactly what you are . 
  i thought the / s is pretty obviouskek, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/figure_of_speech ), 
  they have to control the cc in order to be able to pass laws . 
  constitution is so vague - anything can be declared unconstitutional . 
  the previous goverment has tried to fasttrack appointments in order to block the cc - to lock the elected goverments way to create laws . 
   but your government is trying to take over the constitutional court . 
  that is an attack on the very foundations of democracy , one of the branches of government trying to assume control over another branch . 
  it was ok in the last 8 years , but now its bad after gov changed , and suddenly the less powerful and estabilished option is ruling . 
   but all experts ( and they ca n't all be bribed by germany and the polish opposition ) agree that now the polish government is essentially trying to take over the constitutional court . 
  exactly . 
  because they need it to function . 
  while they are stretching and possibly even breaking the law - and thus the experts and the venice commission are right - they have to do it . 
  ** basically the media and venice commission , under `` orders '' of tusk and all the minions are trying to threaten and bully an elected goverment into allowing a stalemate of legislature **  nobody is trying to topple your government . 
  this is exactly whats happening . 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  its a figure of speech . 
  it means that that baltic states will be taken over , and are in a sphere that will be red . 
  there is no denying, 
  sorry for not taking twenty minutes to explain to you how logistics , armies , planning etc works , because you can not understand a simple figure of speech . 
  the thing is you are being misinformed . 
  the now ruling party is using what last party set up to be used , but ran out of time . 
  now that last party , that has ruled 8 years and has only done things that benefitted them is now organizing a `` peoples '' movement ( kod ) with other parties and german media . 
  there is amazing money being pumped into it , hiring ( not sure if oficially ) celebrities to show and perform on the rallies etc. 
  they are using their influence in eu ( for example donald tusk , ex party leader and its pm of poland , now president of the european council ) structures to basically discredit and destroy a legitimate goverment that was voted in with a huge majority after 8 years of incompetence of last ruling party . 
  while current goverment is not perfect , and i would prefer to have a better , for example a libertarian option in power - its what we have , and its better than what we had . 
  now what we had is trying to flip the country back to their rule . 
  the truth about baltics is that without nato you guys could n't exist - no offence , but you will get overran in days . 
   so we must work on creating an effective `` stay-behind '' system , so that when russian tide runs over us , we can provide valuable intelligence and carry out acts of sabotage , until the nato strikes back and sweeps the invaders out . 
  this . 
  in my country ( poland ) mod is now trying to create affiliated territorial defence forces . 
  while i would love to be a member - i know one thing . 
  - before war would even start my personal information would be in gru 's hands . 
  a short while later i should expect a knock on the door . 
  if they could not find me , they would target my family etc. 
  same with you guys . 
  data will get leaked , probably already is , army will get defeated in days , and those that go underground will be caught , or their families will be targeted . 
  thats why i do n't believe any official ressistance network can happen . 
  another thing is - communication with outside world . 
  russia has advanced electronic warfare systems . 
  its going to be hard - but if something happens - good luck  ( not sarcastic )  the only issue i have is with the confidence that nato indeed strikes back . 
  i am afraid liberal pussies , the `` putinversteher '' junk , and all types of opportunists and populists will try to block the nato response and make it fall flat . 
  thats what i 'm afraid of too . 
  putins foreign policy is undermining the strenght of nato and strenght and unity of european union . 
  he has already succeeded in ukraine , he is on a clear path in syria . 
  that man is amazing , i love him ;p he is doing amazing job at being a bad guy . 
  i guess `` we will see '' . 
  one thing you can be sure - poland stand behind you . 
  its kind of different . 
  poland is secular , so was turkey , but now erdogan is trying to flip it into an islamic republic . 
  nobody wants second iran, 
  the its less than 1k km from moscow to riga . 
  slightly more than from moscow to the 2nd biggest city of russia - petersburg . 
  you have a moscow-riga highway . 
  will be usefull for logistics . 
  all of the borders of estonia and latvia are with either sea ( for the first days locked by baltic fleet from st.petersburg ( that would probably be locked by finland and gotland ) and kaliningrad ( locked by poland ) . 
  they are not stupid tho , they probably have a plan how to avoid being locked in ports . 
  the lithuania has a small connection poland that would be closed with an assault from both belarus and kaliningrad to cut off logistics and reinforcements . 
  atleast imo kaliningrad oblast to the south - home of ballistic missles , s400 systems ( thought they still have s300 rockets ) . 
  it would be reinforced before an invasion . 
  belarus - home of a rfaf base . 
  i would speculate that belarus would let russia fight from their land , but not fight themself . 
  again this is pure speculation . 
  based on the fact that lukashenko seems to be colder to putin . 
  ( look donbass crisis ) i think this will be enough . 
  and if you got an idea that you guys belong to russia , then no , thats not what i think , but i think that in case of ww3 - there is no hope for you . 
  @edit : tldr you would start the war encircled . 
  exactly . 
  it also happened in poland , and was taken seriously too , but i never used to hear about ones that were outside my region ( lets say 500km diameter ) . 
  now i hear about one in estonia . 
  tl : dr we need a french gtmo . 
  and now seriously - french internal security and justice system looks like a joke in the last few months . 
  i know its normal to miss some things , but that guy punched them in the face , and they still didnt do anything, 
  this is terrorism . 
  they achieved their success . 
  one call can derail plans of dozens of people , make authorities spend money on tightened security , and cause lots of inconvenience and potential fear for weeks . 
  one phonecall . 
   you think the us would n't be sneaking weapons in for the locals ? 
  yes , they would . 
  they would also sneak in the green berets and all the goodies , but that takes time to start . 
  the baltics will get overrun within a few days , without instant opening of military storage bases to the public the weapons of the baltic states will get simply captured , and once russia gets to the baltic sea they will `` lock '' the shore . 
  lets talk on your level : fuck off to the shithole you crawled out of . 
  want to talk like normal people ? 
  just say,
