  that 's why i 've used that word . 
  and yes it requires training . 
  gathering intel , picking targets that hurt the enemy instead random ones . 
  organising chain of command , communication network etc. 
  its generally something you `` figure out '' , while training is welcomed - any person with half a brain can do insurgency better or worse . 
  the communication network is the tricky one . 
   it 's practically impossible to contain every single person connected to military and or patriotic organization . 
  simply not going to happen . 
  true , its hard , but its also necessary for an invader . 
  imo they would be detained . 
   most if not all partisan groups had ex soldiers involved in it one way or the other . 
  usually in commanding positions . 
  times have changed . 
  the data is probably already in gru hands , if its not , then it will be after an invasion - with a few simple things like facebook data mining you can estabilish connections , contacts etc. 
  those guys are good at it as far as we know . 
  certainly not impossible to overcome , but very hard . 
  you are pretty much saying what i say , read my other comments . 
   that 's why we do n't buy and do n't plan on buying tanks or airplanes . 
  but instead focus on light weapons , since if war comes here it would be guerrilla warfare from the day one . 
  15.000 angry latvians hiding in forests with portable spike , stinger and rbs-70 missiles ( which we already have by the way ) is not a easy thing to deal with even if you outnumber them 10:1 . 
  the problem is you ( sorry , but you guys are so tight together , i throw all 3 countries in one bag ) are buying some weird shit . 
  i mean it looks like the generals are imagining a regular battle - one you need spg 's , tanks , ifv 's for . 
  this would simply be a slaugher . 
  lithuania bought 8 spgs # 8 this is not efficiency . 
  this is a joke . 
  that money could be spent on spikes that could actually have some value . 
  no sane person , and russian command , together with putin are even saner than nato is going to fight a country that has so many at missiles and manpads that your infantry would have to be running in order to move . 
  and then they could be attacked with cg 's and even those spikes with direct guidance . 
  that hell would be worse than afghan , they wouldnt make it to riga, 
  ill kind of separate your questions by quoting them and answering them separate , makes long posts , but clear ones   but do you honestly believe that any country would train volunteers guerilla walfare ? 
  inside of it ? 
  yes , kind of . 
  all of the pro defense organizations are prepared for guerilla warfare . 
  one of the most basic things they train is forest warfare - this is pretty similiar to insurgency . 
  outside of it ? 
  one of the core goals of us green berets is training in insurgency and counterinsurgency , pretty straightforward stuff - get the locals to do stuff for you . 
  other than that - the cia has pretty huge history doing exactly that   or at least would any country openly admit that they 're doing that ? 
  common knowledge  my point about the cia from last quote is pretty relevant here . 
   everybody that wa n't to be trained in terrorism please fill this ballot , the course is free and fun . 
  if we are talking terrorism , then the main issue would not be training , but procuring weapons and explosives . 
  as we have seen - there was exactly no attacks by people playing soldiers , but for example like 2 weeks ago a man killed 84 people with a truck . 
  if you mean terrorism against enemy , then that doesnt require training . 
   as long as these people are not thrown into direct fight or merged with the military they can easily transform into guerilla . 
  those from the national guard or armed forces can not . 
  their indentities are already compromised . 
  the gru will knock on their doors , if they wont answer , their family members will . 
  the only way to be a good insurgent is to be like me , im not in any databases , there , aside from internet trail is no information about me . 
  they could find a photo from the dmv , or from my id , but there is no records of me being even remotely connected to any defensive or patriotic organizations . 
  i have a close cousin that is a member of a pro defence organization , and all im doing is hammering him with this issue , i hope he doesnt give away his data to our mod . 
  they have access to guns . 
  or at least they know where weapon magazines are located . 
  so do i. 
  the miltary storages will be looted first thing . 
  source - yugo wars . 
  the information is public , and the security does n't exist . 
  already have a team of trained and fit people they trust . 
  this is a very good point , but those people are on a list . 
  id say me and my clanmates would be better insurgents than those - its point and squeeze anyway , and we are not on the lists . 
  this is kind of a joke , but its also the truth . 
  they have basic knowledge of how military operates . 
  completely useless . 
  the military aspect of war will be disabled by russian ews , without the radios - its just going to be scaterred groups . 
  those people have less knowledge about `` stuff '' than me . 
  - this might sound like a joke , but its the truth . 
  saying that im spending a dozen hours a week educating myself about the military and everything is a pretty good estimate . 
  fuck my comments sound bad near the end :d, 
  your post was a great read , i like long posts ;p one thing that was bad about it is that you talked to me like i know nothing ;p and i know my shit ;p the downside of big posts is that when i answer , and i usually quoute sentence by sentence and then answer to each - the size of my post is now double of yours ;p as ive said , i throw you all into one bag - as you are pretty much united if we are talking army goals . 
  to the first part : while i know that baltic states have their obligations to nato - their , yours main one is being the first one to fall , and deal as much damage . 
  second part and fourth will be merged as they make more sense together , so third now : lets split it everything and nasams so i am aware of military inteligence , also im aware of deploying before war to start the war in possitions , but i am also aware of another thing - and that is the russian capability to gather inteligence from drones and various special forces and use it to engage within 15 minutes . 
  this means , that your forces will be decimated by tactical artilery , while strategical will destroy logi bases , bridges , maybe even hospitals . 
  the war will be over almost instantly , and any ressistance is just illusion . 
  no offence , but you will get stumped by the finest russian divisions . 
  now about the nasams : its a very good system , but again , its illusion of safety - from the information i have ( that is really vague ) its going to be used nasams from norwegia , they have not specified , but i guess they would if it was nasams 2 , especially that nasams 1 's name is simply nasams and that was what was used . 
  so you will only get a couple , and russians will launch a couple dozen strategical and a ton of tactical that nasams wo n't be able to defend you from . 
  tldr good buy , but not really for you guys . 
  so now part 2 : i am suggesting only manpads and at because i have a realistic approach to this . 
  you guys would start the war encircled , facing a far better enemy . 
  yes , the rdf/qrf would be there , but they would be in shitty situation . 
  stil overran by russians . 
  i am suggesting partizan war , because the real war would be taking place on our teritory , and you guys should only bleed the beast . 
  i dont see any scenario in which baltics are not getting occupied . 
  4th one now : ill do it in quotes . 
   i will also note that lithuania does indeed buy the things you noted as important too . 
  i mean different quantities . 
  im talking 3 thousand launchers , 15 thousand missiles . 
   recently we even bough grom manpads from you guys and have plans to get more . 
  as always i am aware . 
  good luck using those :d  also , some extra javellin missiles and the boxer ifv will be equipped with spike lr . 
  javelins are lovely , but they are expensive . 
  very expensive . 
   we 're investing in our own drone project , buying other country drones , that will fall down from the sky , as it has happened dozens of times in ukraine . 
  modern russian ews is very powerful . 
   night vision equipment this and personal thermals are very important , especially for recon purposes , good luck !, 
   radio equipment jammed like drones   our military budget when we reach the 2 % and maybe even more will really be quite good for us . 
  if in 2020 we will have 2 % ( we plan to reach it in 2018 ) or more , then it will amount to ~ 900 mln . 
  euros . 
  20-30 % will need to be spent on new equipment ( nato target and we already do that now ) , so that should be ( if 20 % of 900 mln . ), 
  180 mln . 
  euros every year for new stuff . 
  that is sufficient for our country and will increase as gdp rises .
