  only order and prosperity . 
  he posted that in quotes , as its the way of thinking you can see on leftist media , people taking a stand for islam ( both activists , clerics , pro islam organizations , or even pro european ones ) and politicians . 
  its just `` the narrative '', 
  exactly this . 
  too bad it wo n't happen . 
  in poland we , a country with like no muslims ( all we have are tatars that are here for centuries now , and are completely integrated ) already have a few saudi funded mosques building/built . 
  those mosques will teach the salafist islam and inject its venom into a few zealots , that will do what they were taught to do . 
  maybe my version is very grim , but its already happening all around europe . 
   there 's a difference between refugees and the rebels fighting assad . 
  the refugees overwhelmingly are not in support of assad . 
  and many of them do want to eventually go back to syria . 
  you 're the one that suggested arming the refugees and turning people running away from a war into warriors . 
   how on earth is assad and russia stabilizing the situation ? 
  by taking back the lost territory , and resuming peace and prosperity . 
  al-asad 's goverment is the only legitimate one , and the only one that can work . 
  i hope you 're not looking for examples , as that is still a war-torn country . 
   there was already a damn ceasefire before russia started bombing rebel troops and broke the whole thing down . 
  the ceasefires were stupid . 
  im not going to expand on this , you can check on wikipedia or google . 
   the majority of locations where russia is bombing is rebel territory , not isis . 
  the isis is not a problem . 
  the rebels are . 
  isis is a mad dog , that is being attacked by kurdish forces with western support , saa a bit , and some rebel groups , tldr everyone - they are not a problem for sar/rf coalition . 
  the western coalition is supporting the `` moderate '' rebels , training them - and thus , they are making the rebels a problem - a problem that is far more dangerous to the state of syria than isis . 
  they are riding the isis card as long as possible , to do as much damage as they can to western backed rebels without huge backclash . 
   not to mention russia is using the syrian war to increase the flow of refugees into europe to destabilize it . 
  so what . 
  props to putin for that . 
  he could n't do it better , and i honestly think thats genius . 
   russia has already been caught using cluster bombs which would increase civilian causalities and destroy more buildings . 
  so what ? 
  they are legal in russia , syria , and even usa . 
  as long as they are not found guilty of using them against civilian targets ( war crime ) , its all good . 
   very hard to to stabilize the situation when assad uses chemical weapons against his own citizens and opposition . 
  love this !, 
  assad is not an idiot . 
  tldr of that whole affair : either usa or fsa has done that , as it was extremely convenient for them , and totally against goverment interests . 
  this here is the only speculation in this post . 
   i 'm not saying the rebels are a piece of pie from heaven , but the majority of massacres have either been taken place with the  syrian government certainly , but i do n't think that its such a big problem as its made out to be . 
  they have no interest in commiting such acts . 
  not speaking of pro gov militias . 
   isil its who they are . 
  i dont like that you put them in the same bag with hezbollah and sar goverment  hezbollah that name doesnt appear on that page even once . 
  the claims i 've made in this post are pretty easy to research . 
  i have not bothered with linking stuff , as i have no wish to make every word in this post blue . 
  not worth my time . 
  imo : sar/rf/hezbollah coalition are the only way , and the goodest ( all are bad , except maybe kurds , but they have no chance of winning ) guys there can be . 
  syria was a great country before usa moronic leaders ( clinton , obama ) started doing their `` arab spring '' and destabilizing the whole region . 
  i hope it goes back under asad soon , so we could have some more peace in the world . 
  + i know asad is not a good guy , but hes the best . 
  yeah , you 're right , its a double standard , but its true in both examples . 
  turkey has roots in quran ( well not really , but ottoman empire , and entire middle east ( yes i know turkey is not middle east ) were built on quran to some extent ) , poland has roots in bible , as the entire europe . 
  pretty straightforward stuff - religion evolved before social systems , so it kind of guided the growth of the state system . 
  one could argue , that bible and koran sell different ways of life , but its neither time nor place to do that . 
  the church-state relationship does n't exist in any formal way . 
  its mostly church - people - state . 
  thats why a pro christianity centre party was elected in the recent ellections ( as well as incompetence of old ruling party etc , its not like just the religion thing got them elected , id say it was like 10 % ) , and now they will have to bow a few times to the people - and thus the church . 
  as the guy above said :  all polish students , for instance , have regular catholic catechism classes throughout their 12 years in school , usually taught by the local parish priest . 
  completely optional , when a school year starts the parents have a right of choice between religion and ethics ( got ta choose one , second is kind of philosophy ) , and many do . 
  grade is just to show the grandma , and the lessons are pretty amazing . 
  its not memorizing bible or anything , mostly singing , talking , examining the bible in laymans terms , more interesting than boring , watching movies ( as in general family movies ) . 
  ofcourse it depends on the teacher , but i had those lessons with regular priests and they were amazing . 
   the new government is considering legislation that would add religion to the subjects covered in the test all polish students must take before entering a university . 
  its one of those things that will not see the light of the day , and even if it does - good . 
  im christian ( only by name tho ) , and i do n't know why it would be bad . 
  as long as its not going to force anyone to pray etc. 
  knowledge of bible is knowledge of polish traditions , culture , and major religion , knowing bible makes you know what values our society is based on . 
  the knowledge of the bible is also important for polish language lessons , that spend a few months of education on bible and philosophy concerning it . 
  tl ; dr : as long as its done for science , not religious purposes - im on board, 
  catholicism is what keeps them going . 
  they are conservative socialists . 
  sounds like fun, 
   why not just train a paramilitary force from refugees that want eu citizenship willing refugees and end this bloody war already . 
  guess who is already fighting in syria . 
  ill simplify it for you - not-refugees that were trained by the west just to throw away the arms and switch sides . 
   might make assad & russia think twice before purposely making the crisis worse . 
  they are not making the crisis worse , they are making it better . 
  they are taking land back from isis and fsa , they should be treated as heroes for that . 
  assad and russia are the only way to stabilize syria and the entire region . 
  youll probably call me a putin 's troll , just fyi im a polish citizen that thinks objectively . 
  accused . 
  they are painted bad for swatting a fly . 
  but nobody blames the fly, 
  ethnic cleansings ? 
  nah , not really . 
  you know what would happen ? 
  riots in warsaw kebab stand burned dozen arrests a week of media coverage done, 
  what would be the point of saying that there is a threat ? 
  there would still be threat , but it would be easier to induce panic , some visitors would cancel , and the conspirators could be on higher alert . 
  there is no benefit in showing your hand, 
   every single darker skinned foreigner living in poland will be in real danger . 
  i have no words . 
  why, 
  look man . 
  i know you have your agenda you want to spread , but there is no need to make retarded statements that will only damage us in the eyes of foreigners . 
  keep it to your friends . 
  id say the more likely option is that his co-conspirator will use the explosives ( that guessing from all of that are stashed in a safe place ), 
  im familiar with the krak\u00f3w 's trams , been many times . 
  they will surely be borrowing buses from nearby cities etc , and try to fix the `` no tram power vacuum '' . 
  + i dont think the trams will be completely shut down ( in populated areas ) , im not familiar with the event planing tho .
