  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania_in_world_war_ii#the_holocaust ), 
  you seem to overexagerate semantics for no reason . 
   and you live in central europe while the baltics are north european . 
  please !, 
  i usually say i live in eastern europe , but that depends who you ask . 
   have you ever been in the balkans ? 
  no , why does it matter . 
   what define us and why ? 
  clusterfuck . 
  whats the problem with you ? 
  russia is eastern europe . 
  not alone ofc . 
  you dont live in the eastern europe . 
  you live in the balkans or south east, 
  its exactly eastern europe . 
  they are from the old yugo , where after the start of split lots of weapons were robbed , and almost instantly entered the black market . 
  yugo aks were the one used in paris for example . 
  i dont know , click like 5 times more - it worked for me and transferred me to a screen where i could choose speeds , alco , lights etc, 
  click on the countries . 
  tell me whats wrong with my post ? 
  or even with just those two words . 
   it 's bad for usa because trump 's domestic policies are ridiclous . 
  for example  it 's bad for europe because trump is isolationist . 
  but good for usa . 
  exactly what i said . 
   europe is too used to usa playing the worlds police so for example you might as well start with that united european army . 
  we dont need that , thats a retarded idea pushed by eu globalists and people that dont know shit about military . 
  analysts with phd 's have covered this subject . 
  and merkel will play the world police . 
  after all , she just can not stop doing damage . 
  my opinion of russian goverment is as negative as the one i have of you . 
  sorry , but you are not misinformed , you make effort to commit some serious mental gymnastics here, 
  they countersanctioned . 
  and they fully annexed . 
  he will be better for both - putin knows he can make a deal instead of stupid hostility . 
  for example what absurdity ? 
  no offence , but its pretty easy to throw a catchy phrase instead of discussing facts - and thats one of the things that will win trump the election . 
  though he does want to discuss the details . 
   for example his statements regarding nato do not paint a good picture for us interests . 
  im very critical of his nato approach . 
  i live in a country that depends on american support in case of war . 
   the essential game of footsy he 's constantly playing with putin paints a bad picture for both american and european interests . 
  it seems like he is trying the deal approach , not the we will fuck you up one . 
  thats pretty bad , as a common consensus here in europe is that russian goverment only understands power . 
   his nationalist attitudes do of course seem a lot like those of putin and even erdogan to an extent . 
  nationalism is great . 
  not some extreme stuff like nazis , but generally valuing your countrymen than some people somewhere in a shithole is great . 
  if he will be trully nationalistic , something more than a vote bait - it will be great . 
  erdogan is not nationalistic , hes erdoganistic . 
  he is a sellfish asshole that has and is destroying his country . 
   i 'm not really sure what justifies all of that foreign policy nightmare - god knows he 'll probably just put mike pence in charge of that . 
  oh my god no . 
  i dont even know why he took pence aboard - maybe because hes the typical republican party and doesnt really matter in the end , aside from a few percent of votes . 
  eu military idea is stupid , not gon na go into that now , as far better minds than me have done analysis of that . 
  its a wet dream of eu globalists . 
  go watch a video or read something about him, 
  guess who caused the problem  + i think him winning would turn the nato from strenght and unity into a question mark . 
  hes been speaking very negatively about it . 
  gon na skip the berlusconi part , ive adressed that , and i agree with you . 
   you really think that electing a nationalist lobbyist billionaire is a good move ? 
  yes . 
  and the lobbyist is nothing strange to the us politics - thats what they do over there . 
  pretty much anywhere tbh . 
   he 's just gon na get richer while stroking his and his electors ' ego . 
  hes running to change something . 
  otherwise he would be just counting wads of cash . 
  or even better , get people to count it for him . 
   when was the magical time when they were so great ? 
  so since the creation of the state as we know it today it was a place the entire world was imigrating to . 
  that helped with the next point , as they drained the brains from everywhere . 
  the workers were coming too . 
  it was created 250 years ago , and its economy is i believe around 7 times bigger than the country its seceded from - the uk , the most important country of the old europe . 
  it was the country that ended the world war 2 , to become the strongest military of the world ( in later years ) . 
  it went on to be simply the most important country in the world ( we are talking 200 years after creation here , compared to around a thousand for the rest of the important ones . ), 
  now its under incompetent administration that simply keeps the things going , instead of showing some initiative . 
  the high-profile actions of the current and last goverment ( bush and obama ) are mostly failures . 
  talking middle east here . 
  tldr trump wants to combat the `` we are great , lets do nothing now '' trend . 
  he has bad sides , but im arguing that his pros overcome the cons . 
   nobody expects politicians to be omniscient , but informed . 
  he is informed on the issues that concern him . 
   that does not make him knowledgeable about politics he literally touches politics daily as a buisnessman and outspoken republican . 
  trump is known for his involvement from the 80s . 
   nor even economics . 
  good point . 
  certainly that man , that gives interviews about economy and deals with it daily doesnt know what hes talking about . 
   he thinks deporting the very demographic his country 's agriculture industry is dependent on is a good idea i dont know about the employment of illegals in agriculture sector of the us economy , but i know that there are millons of americans that dont work . 
  and they will pay taxes . 
   as well as building a border wall with mexico whats bad about that ? 
  really how can this be bad ? 
  hes not closing the border posts , he wants to close the mostly unguarded ( half truth , there are patrols etc , but stuff still manages to get across ) border . 
  that will lower the crime , drug trafficking , illegal imigration etc. 
  it would be worth it even if americans pay for it - if mexicans do - 20 x better . 
   a near-50 % trade tarrif on chinese products he is talking about doing stuff inside of the us , again creating jobs , and limiting chinese influence over the usd . 
   and where is the guarantee that these advisers themselves are not corrupt ? 
  if anything this gives him an even more direct link to corporate bribery in politics . 
  if the advisors are corrupt , then the obama is corrupt too , and hillary would be to . 
  though it would be hard with hillary - shes already rotten and corrupted . 
   huh ? 
  if anything he 's the one bending to the american scene , telling people what they want to hear .
