  the ref followed french instructions to the letter , but it wasnt enough . 
  its hard to lose a final in your home turf , we lost one too , but dont talk that nonsense about the ref . 
  you cant type `` english slut bitches '' ? 
  i was going wheel of fortune mode here trying to figure out what the insult was . 
  but you have an excellent username , so upvote for you . 
  was appointing this guy as foreign affairs minister one big `` fuck you '' from the uk to the eu ? 
  the current pope is doing a great job and seems to be in good health . 
  is he pissing off the catholic church that much that they need to start looking for a replacement ? 
  so paprika is a name for bell pepper ? 
  interesting . 
  turks got some russian muscle and are taunting everything and everyone . 
  silva is roughly translated as `` thorn bush '' . 
  pretty nice gesture . 
  honestly i am tired of smoke everywere . 
  the sunlight is really weird because of the smoke . 
  our firefighters are all iron willed , but they need all the help they can get . 
  i live relatively close to one of the major fire areas , valongo . 
  maybe 15km from the area . 
  yesterday when i left work , at 14h , it was really sunny . 
  a bit later , around 18h , i noticed that the weather seemed cloudy , like it was gon na rain . 
  only found out about the fires at night , when i started smelling smoke . 
  with all the shit i see happening in lots of places around europe , im glad to live here . 
   2 ) he 's not all that great at math . 
  haha , that math trouble with the reporters was legendary . 
  i wonder whats the nice gig following this one . 
  the other one got a goldman sachs job . 
  did for hugo chavez too . 
  i was surprised of how respectful he was to us . 
  i just did the normal military honors for people disembarking a plane , 7 people on each side presenting arms . 
  as soon as he saw us presenting arms , he immediately assumed a military stance and marched between us while saluting . 
  also saluted and shook hands with our sargeant . 
  i know it was a bit showmanship from his part , but it meant a lot for us , since a lot of the people we do military honors for dont give a shit . 
  i dont remember marcelo being that tall . 
  so fran\u00e7ois is kinda short . 
  i remember the staggering height diference between vladimir putin and cavaco silva when putin visited portugal . 
  both walked in front of me , and since i was facing forward ( doing military honors in case you 're wondering ) , i could really see the height diference . 
  turkey is slowly and steadily turning into a dictatorship . 
  how about portugain ? 
  spaingal ? 
  if both countries could benefit from economic growth , i would agree . 
  well the 2016 olympics will be tricky because the country is in a huge political turmoil . 
  dont think there will be terrorist attacks because the terrorists will most likely get mugged before they can do anything . 
  the tournament was very well organized , but one little thing happened that shouldnt have . 
  the eiffel tower was suppose to light up with the colours of the country who won . 
  guess they had the wrong bulbs installed ... 
  germany didnt seem as mobile as in other games . 
  maybe they built up some fatigue . 
  without the can opener gomez , hummels in the midfield and then losing boateng to injury dealt a heavy blow to the team 's morale . 
  and also the french keeper , he did some monster saves . 
  the only thing im worried about the final is wether portugal will be able to keep up with france 's pace . 
  france keeps a fast pace in all games . 
  oh and payet 's set pieces . 
  that guy is dangerous . 
  there is always a moron trying to mix politics and sports ... 
  now add that the food is great , the weather is nice and the people are friendly . 
  the sad part is that we didnt try a fucking thing either . 
  portugal was afraid to speed up the game and was hoping for an easy win and kept using long passes when we have quality ground game . 
  hopefully the coach will pull his head out of his ass and start the game with renato sanches . 
  he tried to push forward and take initiative . 
  i really enjoyed my country 's exibition against estonia . 
  apart from the result , that was a bit exaggerated , i think they have a fairly solid midfield . 
  if pepe doesnt go apeshit and tries to punch someone , we might go far . 
  of course germany will be the strongest contender . 
  they have had the same base team for a while now , and they are very strong in direct play and i dont mean long ball plays . 
  they can easily put the ball in the box and 5 players inside to try and finish , and there arent many teams in europe that can do that easily . 
  what is this ? 
  the 5th grade ? 
  ever hear of m.a.d ? 
  the issue isnt if russia can or ca n't threaten america . 
  the issue is what follows after they fail to do it . 
  lol wtf is this crap ? 
  hmm , i did military honors for vladimir putin and hugo chavez . 
  hugo chavez i remember clearly because he immediately stood at attention and saluted as soon as he noticed we were preseting arms to him . 
  even if it was all showmanship , it felt good to be recognized . 
  maybe since i was 5 or 6 . 
  in the 80 's and 90 's a lot of cartoons were subbed with original voice acting in english . 
  so picked up a lot from there . 
  by the time i was 8 i could have a conversation in english . 
  didnt learn almost any english in school . 
  even with grammar i always went with what sounded correct to me , and it usually worked . 
  pretty much everyone in my family learned this way and can speak fluently . 
  sorry , i understand any attack should be considered serious . 
  but there is absolutely no information there other than `` serious '' or `` explosive '' . 
  what type of explosive , for instance ? 
  was it a device planted on the side of the road ? 
  was it thrown ? 
  all i see is `` serious '' and `` explosives '' . 
  honestly hope they are ok though . 
  damn this is a polite guy . 
  pocketed his food , just to free his hand for a handshake . 
  all that with only a mild expression of `` well shit ... '' on his face . 
  pretty cool picture . 
  any purpose to this particular design ? 
  wise words . 
  could have come a little sooner though . 
  greece is being trampled by the eu for a while now . 
  they threaten with sanctions for two reasons , everything and nothing , the most recurring ones austerity measures and refugees quotas . 
  when the eu falls , its gon na be for bullshit like this . 
  liked the portuguese one . 
  but though it was very interesting that monaco resembles the galatic empire symbol .
