  about that # 22 ... [ sorry ] ( http://imgur.com/q0u5rt8 ), 
  hmm people werent even curious as to why would a portuguese give 29 reasons not to visit his own country . 
  well their loss anyway . 
  not exactly . 
  i would just want for it to be a space without dumb interventions of non-europeans and/or europeans . 
  not witch hunting , or pointing fingers . 
  i never said we need none . 
  i said we need less . 
  because the same way there are excellent points of view , there are some we really dont need . 
  we probably need less non-europeans around here . 
  man , you convinced me . 
  i would love to do this kind of activities all day long . 
  as someone that worked in ilha terceira for 2 years , i agree with your choice . 
  what do you find so fascinating in arizona that makes you consider it a country ? 
  genuine question , not trying to make fun of you . 
  was hoping to see someone mention our country or our neighbours . 
  it would be a nice choice indeed . 
  netherlands . 
  people seemed nice when i was there and the food was good . 
  a bit cold when compared to my country though . 
  edit : itt : everybody loves northern europe . 
  was the co-pilot having a hard time in his personal life ? 
  any info on that ? 
  or was this something bigger ? 
  xcom2 : terror from the deep . 
  after playing it for too long , i sometimes couldnt move because i didnt have enough time units ... 
  this sounds like it comes with a `` or else '' ending ... 
  dont think it would be alien invasion . 
  any alien would flee after hanging out with russians for 5 mins . 
  what are the chances he is gone into hiding because something really big is about to start ? 
  not fearmongering here , just a genuine logical question . 
  he is just setting up for the biggest april 's fool ever . 
  how will i fit my meth lab in here ? 
  no worries . 
  and you got me wondering on those wines now . 
   fuck the french , spanish , italians , californians , portuguese i agree with fuck the french , but why the portuguese ? 
  we are nice people :(, 
  kickass torrents still work fine luckily . 
  and a friend of mine told me an easy way to go around it , although of course i dont remember now because i wasnt paying attention when he told me . 
  nothing surprises me anymore . 
  not since 9/11 . 
  our 's isnt even human . 
  stupid beautiful , uncanny portuguese man-o-war ... 
  thats quite a walk to any nearby stations . 
  well gas there is ultra cheap . 
  and didnt you have subway in gaia ? 
  from avenida da republica to the airport its a z4 , rougly 5 euros . 
  of course if you didnt have the subway , a taxi would be one of the few options . 
  nevermind that . 
  public transportation is nice and a huge majority of people are friendly and will gladly point you out to places . 
  and we have to best food in the world . 
  not talking about fancy stuff , just traditional , hearty , great tasting mediterranean cuisine , with a hint of brazilian and african here and there . 
  100 euros for 63km ? 
  that was cheap actually . 
  but you should have asked about public transportation . 
  trains and subway are fairly cheap and are on time most of the time . 
  buses are cheap but the timetables are a bit sketchy . 
  dammit my country is beautiful . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  i wish no one talked about us regarding this matter . 
  let us remain under the radar , so no fucktard terrorist decides to target us ... 
  in portugal we have `` vai pa puta que te pariu '' , which literally `` go to the whore that sprang you out/gave birth to you '' . 
  i can see my house from here . 
  i actually understood half the words in the article . 
  romanian is a latin language too right ? 
  regarding the article . 
  sadly the word billionaire means he makes his own justice . 
  unless he is prosecuted in his own country . 
  hmm , this was on sunday . 
  today is wednesday . 
  im suprised i didnt see anything else about this so far . 
  i have a brother that works there . 
  got ta ask him what was the deal on that one . 
  i just acessed the website . 
  im using nos isp provider . 
  i live in porto , but the area i live in hardly gets affected by floods , since its on high ground . 
  but the weather has been scary the past few days . 
  i cant see stuff like this when im hungry . 
  this looks really good . 
  definitely gon na give it a shot . 
  thanks . 
  that looks great . 
  how is it made ? 
  this is what austerity brings ... 
  not poor , but not rich either . 
  but i will say we are one of the most friendly european countries . 
  we have that plus great food and nice weather , makes it a great place to live in . 
  their loss . 
   in my country there 's a saying : `` you do n't look to the teeth of a horse that was given to you '' just say `` beggars cant be chosers '' . 
  people will understand it more easily . 
  he ran out of pigs to fuck ? 
  which is going to be a fucking disaster . 
  they cant agree on anything , and because of that the conservatives pretty much ran the country with zero fucks given . 
  in this year 's elections , after seeing the ballot with 12 fucking parties , i completely lost faith in politics in portugal . 
  im surprised vegans are n't complaining that guiness is murdering innocent hops to make beer ... 
  well no surprise there . 
  i was wondering what your sources were regarding portugal , hoping they were wrong . 
  [ guess they were n't ... ] ( http://www.pordata.pt/portugal/n%c3%bamero+de+div%c3%b3rcios+por+100+casamentos-531 ), 
  yeah turn it off like the eiffel tower ... cmon buddy , no one likes a sore loser . 
  its funny you 're talking about the ref , when ronaldo gets his knee twisted in a play that should have been at least yellow card and it wasnt even a foul , french players were incredibly aggressive with almost no fouls and portuguese players had to stop playing aggressively early in the game for fear of yellow and red cards .
