  i would n't say it 's a lot of the genre , it 's just that some popular artists , like farid bang , kollegah and bushido , have not stepped away from this . 
  it comes from the fact that rap at it 's root is deeply competitive , as still evidenced in battle rap today . 
  tracks that mainly look like a dick measuring context are called battle tracks and basically but rap battles in song form . 
  unlike minimal ( which is a music genre i do n't get at all btw , but to each their own ) , rap is deeply lyrical . 
  as most rappers write their own lyrics , whatever they say is attached to their persona . 
  thus , the person behind the lyrics and the track is kinda important . 
  although it 's getting away from that more and more , with artists openly admitting that they did n't write their album on their own , and fans caring more about the sound than the lyrics . 
  in case you 're interested , here 's a list with a few tracks that are a dick measuring contest at all . 
  [ credibil - paradox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjsqezsdomi ) [ takt32 - was w\u00e4re ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss5qdkbe1rm ) [ disarstar feat . 
  mohammed alik malik - per aspera ad astra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rj58vmykpq4&amp;t=142s ) [ blumio - hey mr. nazi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-yaeeagi80 ) [ ben salomo - identit\u00e4t ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ripwjjrgi1a ) [ marvin game - gehen/bleiben ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tr69ezptro ) [ vega - ich will raus mit dir ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3heoeidz6jk ) [ al kareem - frieden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17phe98fmn4 ), 
  as a perspective from somebody who likes the genre : + the scene has never been bigger . 
  + there has never been more variety than now . 
  there used to be one dominating part of rap , be it backpack , street or gangsta . 
  right now , artists from all over the spectrum are succesful . 
  + production standards are rising and rising , there are producers who are getting us placements now . 
  + with the rising of platforms like soundcloud , spotify and youtube , it gets easier and easier to dig for newcomers outside of your area . 
  you used to be confined to whoever 's cd you could get a hold on . 
  + there are more and more crossovers happening , which has been going on in us rap for a long time . 
  also , european features are getting more popular , which , for somebody who enjoys rap from other countries as well , is nice . 
  - everybody and their mom is able to output music , thus leading to a perceived drop in quality , and many garbage artists - it 's still not taken seriously . 
  to most people , it 's still a ` yo , yo , yeah , i 'm the best and fuck your mom , all rap is the same , garbage music ', 
  fyi , you fucked up your links , adam tensta gies me teddybears . 
  adam tensta is dope though , always have a song or two of his in my playlists . 
  i 'm from a village of about 2500 - 3000 people , so my experiences may differ from others . 
   when is a child old enough to pick out their own clothes ? 
  i was probably ten when my mom gave up on trying to get me to wear weather appropiate clothes , generally i 'd say 10-12  fix their own food ? 
  iirc , at 13 me and most of my friends where allowed to stay home alone over night , so that 's when we learned how to make simple dishes . 
  i started baking on my own earlier though . 
  play outside alone ? 
  late kindergarden to first grade , so 5 - 6 . 
   visit a friend 's house alone ? 
  first grade . 
   go to the shops alone ? 
  the small ones in our village , 5 - 6 . 
  proper shops in the next town were a train station away . 
  most of us were allowed to take the train alone as soon as we finished primary school because we had to go one town over for school then . 
  so about 10 . 
   ride transit ? 
  10  go to a friends house/the shops without asking ? 
  when i was able to get around alone , it went from ` can i go to x house today ? ', 
  to ` if nothing else is up today , i 'll go to x house ' . 
  at 13-14 it changed to ` i 'll be at x 's house , i 'll be home at y. ', 
  be in a relationship ? 
   whenever , i had my first ` serious ' girlfriend at 13 or 14 i think . 
   be in a physically intimate relationship ? 
  whenever  in school : leave campus for lunch ? 
  officially 11th grade , so 15-16 , but my and most of my buddies parent 's did n't care if we left campus starting in 7th grade as the food on my campus was shit . 
  my mom actually told my teacher that when i got caught once . 
   go to the bathroom without asking ? 
  we always had to ask in school , but unlike in my us high school , no one was denied going to the bathroom ever , except during tests . 
  if you were n't asked about school , since i could go to the bathroom on my own . 
   general freedom of movement ? 
  i 'm confused as to what this means . 
   do you feel children in your culture are given a shorter or a longer leash than others ? 
  compared to the us , definitely longer . 
  spent a couple weeks there , absolutely loved it . 
  popularitywise , the austrian league might be ahead of germany , not sure . 
  for germany , i 'd guess it 's the american soldiers being stationed here , which led to a lot of teams being founded . 
  combine that with most nfl europe being in germany , being the biggest country in europe , our excitement for everything club related and you got a good thing going . 
  it 's more popular than women 's soccer for example , judging by the average attendance . 
  the media is finally coming around as well , with more articles in the newspaper about the german football league , the mdr even streamed a game , the german bowl is shown on eurosport , and more and more clubs live stream their games themselves . 
  what ? 
  kamp , raf camora & nazar are all very good artists who i would n't call cringy . 
  now for the newer ones like moneyboy or crack ignaz . . 
  kempi 's a legend . 
  yes . 
  first game was super bowl xl , so naturally i 'm a hawks fan now . 
  i used to watch a lot of college football too , but never had a favorite team . 
  i 'd you 'd put me on the spot though , i 'd say wvu . 
  the nfl is getting more and more popular in germany . 
  it used to be that only people who played the sport would watch it , but with two games now on free tv every weekend people with no connection to the sport start watching it . 
  it 's mostly people in their early twenties . 
  where in the us do you hail from ? 
  caught a hammarby game when i was in stockholm , awesome supporters !, 
  i ca n't open your link on mobile . 
  you called it not popular at all , but people know the rules atleast . 
  which is wrong . 
  plain and simple . 
  it 's the second most popular team sport , based on average attendance , after soccer . 
  i even conceded that it 's probably right in the edge of the top 5 overall in another comment , which , in a country of 80 million and with the average attendances being as high as they are , makes a popular sport imo . 
  i 'm not entertaining you 're last point , you and me both know in what spirit you made that comment . 
  and it was not in the spirit of a reasonable discussion . 
  handball is really not , suprised me as well when i went and backed up my feelings to argue this dude . 
  while on a participation level , handball is way more popular than ice hockey , on a attendance level ice hockey takes the cake . 
  edit : i agree with you though , i would n't argue ice hockey is a top 3 sport overall . 
  handball , soccer and tennis are all more popular , with skiing being 4th . 
  hockey , basketball and track & field fight for 5th imo . 
  i just explained to you how popular it is . 
  do you need me to spell it out in german for ya ? 
  but anyways , because people who are in the wrong and make their point with dumb arguments like `` is there even a league '' when i just explained to them that there is a really popular one piss me off , here 's some more . 
  ice hockey is not unpopular . 
  on a spectator level , it 's more popular than handball and basketball . 
  individual sports like track & field or tennis might have a higher number of spectators , but they are just per tournament . 
  so overall in germany , it 's pretty popular . 
  it gets a decent amount of coverage in print media , tv reports on it , there 's del games on free-tv . 
  what ? 
  while ice hockey might not be a top 3 sport , the del is a really strong league , has the second-highest average attendance in europe ( nla is first , khl third ) . 
  the del2 is second for second tier leagues , right behind the allsvenskan . 
  it 'd rank 10th overall in europe . 
  it 's ridiculous to call ice hockey unpopular imo .
