rothenburg ob der tauber & m\u00fcnster are my favorites in germany . 
  europe ? 
  edinburgh is pretty great imo . 
  yes , the temperature was hot as fuck , it was with my ex-gf at her parents house , no water i think . 
  i 'm never going back in one . 
  or it 's eugen . 
  every eugen i have ever met except for my grandpa 's 87 year old buddy has been russian-german . 
  germany has them as well now . 
  quite convenient when you 're sober , quite inconvenient when you 're drunk, 
  i do n't get along well with french people . 
  it 's probably a language barrier , as i do n't speak french beyond a few phrases , one of which is that i do n't speak french . 
  but france is the only country were a person working in a big hotel just flat out refused to speak english ( no `` no english , i 'm sorry '' , just continued talking in french and expected us to understand ) with me , stuff like that . 
  every one i know that speaks atleast basic french has had better experiences , so i guess it 's mostly me . 
  16 i think , favorite was estonia and scotland , the least favorite probably luxembourg or france . 
  i do n't know at what level you played it , but having coached , played and studied myself , all at the same time , prioritizing studying for a test is such a bullshit excuse . 
  it 's a couple of hours of practice twice a week or so at night . 
  if you had the test at 8am the next day , that 's fine . 
  but just studying ? 
  if you would have started studying a day earlier , you could 've made it to practice and study as well . 
  it 's all about time management . 
  not showing up to practice because you do n't plan your schedule accordingly is straight up letting your team down , and i can understand your team captain being disappointed . 
  my view is possibly tainted as i played at a fairly high level , but i believe even in recreational sports you make a commitment to your team , and that should be honored if possible . 
  yeah i know , that 's why i quit . 
  two years ago though . 
  yes . 
  greatest sport on earth , but i 'm not getting cte without getting paid for it , so i quit . 
  judging from instagram : norway personal experience : sweden, 
  too bad , could 've sent them my regards as they still do some work preparing the new volunteers for the job . 
  the world is small though haha, 
  are you by any chance from m\u00fcnster or the surrounding area ? 
  i know a few people from the area who did voluntary work in tanzania , through the bistum i think . 
  how does that work for children of parents from countries like iran , where iirc you 'll automatically get citizenship if your parents have it , and you ca n't revoke your citizenship ? 
  you get it delivered , rent a van , use your parents suv , borrow a trailer somewhere or you have a buddy who works at a place that has a truck . 
  i 've never seen beer in a vending machine . 
  it 's easier to get cigarettes in a shop if you 're underaged , as either t he card you 're paying with needs to be coded with your age , or you need to insert you 're id . 
  letting your kids try alcohol is , atleast where i 'm from , pretty common . 
  kids still go overboard on their own time though and get blackout drunk . 
  as long as we have a common language , i 'm fine . 
  i do n't really ask people about their english language skills as i do n't care . 
  so far , neither . 
  i think the refugee crisis will have a bigger imapct though eventually . 
  most guys u30 seem to atleast trim , with a lot shaving their chest , belly , back and privates . 
  i even know some who shave their whole body including legs , mostly cyclists or swimmers though . 
  the percentage of younger guys with chest hair and the like has risen in the past few year in my experience though . 
  i have n't encountered a woman under 30 who did n't shave her armpits , with various degrees of leg & bikini zone shaving . 
  i 'm only saying leg because some do n't shave their thighs as the hairs are so bright and small that they are too lazy as you do n't really notice , or if they 're really lazy like my cousin she just shaves through the holes on her pants if she 's not wearing a skirt/dressed/normal pants . 
  liechtenstein does n't . 
  i think 1/3 of the population are not citizens . 
  a southern drawl is the best . 
  worst is boston . 
  it 's a country of 2-3 million people or so , having a few first round picks is fucking amazing . 
  mhm , my beard is kinda reddish . 
  i have a huge beard , it could 've been that . 
  a chinese dude put his phone up to my face and took a pic , i still do n't know what that was about . 
  and during the wc06 i took a bunch of pictures with drunk polish fans . 
  kentucky, 
  yeah , i might try to go and do my llm in south africa . 
  it 's not a safety issue , i do n't worry much about that . 
  but having spent a year in high school in the us , i did n't like the general parenting style and the environment the kids are raised in . 
  i do n't really know how i 'd do with the corruption issues as i do n't really have any long term experience with that . 
  safety-wise i 'd be fine , if you 're not willing to take any risks and step outside your bubble you wo n't experience life . 
  obviously i would n't travel any active war zones or do anything dumb like that , but i try to not worry much as i think life will fuck you over anyways if it decides to . 
  south africa . 
  beautiful country , nice people ( atleast the ones i 've met ) and i figure with english and german i 'd be set , and afrikaans would probably be easier to pick than other languages as a native german speaker . 
  another choice would be the us . 
  i love the country , but i would n't want to raise my kids there . 
  never had a problem with a turkish person outside of a soccer game . 
  and my hair is always on point . 
  23m \u00b2 , alone . 
  i 'm content with having just a single room , but i 'd prefer a separate , small but fullsize kitchen . 
  right now i just have a little kitchen in the room . 
  significantly better than in the us , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't subscribe to the `` friend & helper '' view of the police that 's popular here though . 
  i 'd trust them to not kill me , but i had multiple people that are very close to me experience police brutality at it 's finest ( unrelated to g20 in case anyone 's wondering ) , so my opinion of them has changed for the worse in the last couple years . 
  about half the people that i know in the police force are what i describe as good people , the other half are either racist , just looking for a fight or the kind of people that enjoy the power that comes with being a police man/woman . 
  seems like half the u25 people over here ( frankfurt ) wear them as well . 
  they are kinda handy but look ridiculous . 
  sister & me socks , my brother & mother birkenstock 's and my dad just wears his regular shoes . 
  woosh, 
  the real win is to live in germany and work in switzerland . 
  thanks man !, 
  not a huge fan of him , but using autotune does n't make him a bad rapper . 
  i mean , if a song was made to be sung with autotune , and it does n't work , the song will not work . 
  the salty reaction are kinda funny though . 
  some artists do n't fuck around with the throwing shit though , i 've seen people getting beat up by security before for throwing shit on stage . 
  thanks man . 
  i actually forgot lijpe in my list , mama and eng are great tracks . 
  i usually just go through 101bars to see if there are any artists i 'll like , i 'll look at top notch . 
  how 's ronnie flex controversial ? 
  yeah , i much rather listen to artists who ` tell it how it is ' . 
  but i think sometimes you have to take a step back and see rap tracks as action movies . 
  a lot of younger people take it too literal though . 
  i really appreciated when one of germany 's most hyped artists right now , gzuz , who did a three year stint for robbery , said on a track : ` gzuz , ey , wie war das so im knast ? 
  i just missed 3 years , what kinda question is that , you idiot , jail 's not that dope ', 
  if you listen to a lot of dutch rap , do you have any recommendations ? 
  i mainly listen to kempi , boef and anbu gang . 
  kevin , lil kleine , josylvinho , sevnalias and vyd & midda are other artists i like, 
  21 savage has some dope lines though , and metro 's production are outstanding . 
  a lot of the time i purely listen to his tracks because what metro does is pure gold . 
  evil jared lives in germany , and his so is german i think,
