  the ministry who pushed the law forward is catalan , so you must take him with you . 
  good riddance . 
  there 's nothing that objectively makes catalonia more different than ~ ~ any ~ ~ all other region of spain , period . 
  it 's fine to be independentist , but the catalan mythology that sometimes it 's used to support it is as false as the spanish one under the franco 's dictatorship . 
  yesterday you claimed that the senyera had a catalan origin , i guess you have never been exposed to alternative explanations do you ? 
   many other old fashoned close-minded laws like the prohibition of the abortion or the educational reform that attacks the autonomic  revise your facts , because that 's false . 
  there 's plenty of material to criticize pp , there 's no need of making of anything . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  the abortion is illegal in spain then ? 
  that is easy to check , you damn liars . 
  no , not at all . 
  first , there is not consensus about its origin , which is dubious since the symbol predates heraldry , and the record keeping that it brought . 
  aragonese historians tend to favour the aragonese 's origin thesis while catalan tend to push the barcelonese one ( catalonia was n't even united by then ) , while the rest of the world does n't care . 
  this says a lot about the quality of the historiographic academia of both regions , and who finances them . 
  what we know for sure is that it was a dynastic symbol , that later was used to represent the whole confederation or the territories themselves . 
  there are multiple depictions in which the four bars are used to represent aragon or catalonia . 
  for example , in this [ french map of the 1700 's ] ( https://www.raremaps.com/maps/medium/26354.jpg ) you can see that aragon is represented exclusively with the four bars , while in the catalan case is combined with the saint george 's one . 
  it 's not a proof that there 's exclusively aragonese , i 'm just showing that it was used to represent aragon . 
  in modern times , catalonia has it as its official flag only because chosed first , since aproved its statute of autonomy before aragon . 
  but anyway you seem to prefer the * estelada * , so aragon soon will have it exclusively . 
  while i agree with most of what you say , i think that it 's not fair also to deny any form of unification had place before the sucesion war . 
  for example , the `` union de armas '' was a legitimate attempt , albeit unsuccesful . 
  in retrospective , and in the eyes of a french absolutist monarch , the fueros of the kingdoms of the crown of aragon were a pita . 
  it 's understandble that he derogated them at the first opportunity . 
  i do n't think this thread is complete without a compilation of regional stereotypes : * madrile\u00f1os : cocky . 
  even a man dressed folklorical male custom is called a * chulo * . 
  * catalan : the bad , cheapskate . 
  the good , hardwordking . 
  * andalousian : the bad , lazy . 
  the good , funny . 
  * basque : brute and proud in an exaggerate way . 
  * aragonese : stubborn and brute . 
  * galician : this one makes its own category . 
  `` acting galician '' means being elusive in order to conceal your real thinking . 
  that 's counting san ferm\u00edn fatalities only . 
  excuse me , what did you say ? 
  could you repeat it ? 
   that 's not true is it ? 
  firstly the bull is likely terrified the entire way because it has no comprehension of whats going on and is smacked by the crowd to encourage it to run . 
  oh , come on . 
  the bull is just following its instincts and do n'tsuffer psicollogically like a human . 
  bulls engage in fights constantly , and sometimes are killed by another one , and that does n't make them suffer ptsd or something like that . 
  what happens the next day is not the encierro anymore , and not always has to be a corrida afterwards . 
  you are just bending the whole thing to justify your sickening feelings about the death of another human being . 
  also , if you care some much about bull 's feelings , i guess you have a bigger problem with intensive farming , in which millions of equally sentient mammals live miserable , short lives , that end just marginally better . 
  because they think it makes them cooler , like wearing a che 's t-shirt ... / end-trolling . 
  calm down guys . 
  i have been there , i used to wear some republican flag t-shirt in my teens , but makes little sense anymore . 
  1st republic had the same flag than it 's official now , and had been the official flag for a lot of time before franco . 
  this democracy , as bad as it 's , it 's way better than the 2nd republic ... ca n't we just get over it ? 
  spanish book : the * quixote * . 
  no , really !, 
  it 's pretty good , but i needed three attempts . 
  a lighter read ... the first that crossed my mind : * pandora en el congo * , from a catalan independentist writer , no less . 
  * edit : * also alatriste books . 
  tv show ... isabel . 
  it 's the history of isabella the catholique , probably the most important queen in spanish history . 
  it 's controversial , but is pretty accurate historically . 
  film : i like `` los santos inocentes '' but i guess it 's hard for a foreigner to understand . 
  `` la isla minima '' is a good recent movie , watch that . 
  i understand you , in fact i write a similar comment some time ago https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b5xky/slug/csj7smk, 
  the catalan flag ... you 're referring to the aragon 's house flag that later was used by several territories of the former crown of aragon , including , but not exclusively , catalonia . 
  call it senyera or se\u00f1a real , and it will be fine . 
  in our societies , lots of risky behaviours are prohibited or strictly regulated . 
  what we have here ( and i 'm referring to encierros ) is a pretty dangerous activity at the reach of teenagers and/or drunks , with very little or no supervision . 
  if you ask me the state is n't doing its job with this regard , and i 'm sad that some people have died because of it , even if they are also responsible too . 
  i recall that one of them was french . 
  i think there was also a dutch , but i 'm not sure . 
   idiots get themselves killed without any need or purpose tends to be good for the rest of us . 
   less idiots around and whatnot . 
   i guess you do n't apply the same logic to people who do n't use seatbelts , drug addicts or skydivers , do you ? 
  the point is that in an encierro the bull is n't harmed , and those seven people died in encierros or alike . 
  so even under the brutal moral of some people here they did n't `` deserve '' to die . 
  do n't feel sorry is understandable . 
  being happy is n't . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  in almost any other thread , people joking or praising the death of humans , no matter how evil , would be downvoted to hell , but here are upvoted and hailed . 
  i wonder also how many of the jokers know the difference between a corrida and an encierro . 
  i found it : [ nemoralia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nemoralia ), 
  in spain , lots of villages and towns celebrate their festivities in these days , so you can find all kinds of spectacles involving bulls , and a bigger than usual share of drunks . 
  i think that its origin are the pagan festivities related with the harvest , which were christianized by the catholic church . 
  i shit in god/the virgin/the whore/holy bread/my father/my mother/the sea/the whore that give me birth ... those variants are real curses, 
  and people still vote him ? 
  things i will never understand ... 
  that 's the soft version . 
  in the hard one , the king himself was the ` white elephant , ' and not his former mentor , the general armada . 
  that was the code name of the high rank officer who would rule the government . 
  there are more conspiracies . 
  the mr x thing , that claims that president felipe gonz\u00e1lez was behind gal , the terrorist group which fought eta . 
  the hotel corona fire . 
  this is less known outside zaragoza . 
  basically that eta was behind the fire , but since the massacre was so massive , and suarez 's government feared a coup , that at the end happened , both eta and the government , directly or indirectly , acordded to back the accident 's version . 
  it 's a complex case , but it 's pretty plausible . 
  the wealthiest people of a country ca n't be the people who pay income tax by any reasonable definition . 
  sure , people who earns more may save more in absolute figures , but at a expense of a higher average percentage taxed , near 50 % at the top . 
  sorry , i did n't understand what was the point you intended to make in the last paragraph . 
  income tax cuts do n't benefit the wealthiest but the workers and freelancers ( = biggest share of voters ) . 
  also , taking money that has paid income tax ( or anyother tax ) to a swiss bank is a pretty stupid thing to do imho . 
  * looks at comment score . 
  upvoted .
