  a this is called deception and asymmetry . 
  * * the worst of tusk trimming package is certain social benefits to immigrants from romania , bulgaria ... or spain . 
  the emergency brake is applied london achieved to a full four years when there is an overwhelming flow of workers that endanger the welfare state of the host country . 
  * * the apparent logic of bankruptcy invention when it appears that the european invasion of britain is a prejudice , not a current problem . 
  it could be in times of blair , when they came up to a million and a half because london attracted acort\u00e1ndoles periods agreed transition clear that the social cost of assuming was less than the economic benefits brought ( the long term economic impact of reducing migration , national institute of economic and social research , 2013 ) . 
  * * but it 's amazing now give `` full expectation of '' that funnel to filter to other europeans , when the island receives fewer waves than italy , spain or germany ; unemployment is 5.1 % ; and the flows are much more discreet . 
  of course david cameron will serve as fuel . 
  * * politically the worst is the new exemption ( opt out ) to united kingdom to meet the principle of `` ever closer union among the peoples of europe '' ( article 1 of the treaty ) . 
  and the strengthening of national parliaments , which until now could exhibit a yellow card , that is , return a legislative draft to the commission , which studied the complaint and took the final decision , according to protocol 2 , article 7 . 
  and now you can suspend , with a reinforced quorum , the regulatory process . 
  * * both assume treaty reforms the service door , and worst intergovernmentalist bias . 
  and although the whole package there will be formally respected that comprobarlo - , is at best restrictive interpretation , harmful to the citizens , the free movement of workers all essential internal market ... and not to mention that in addition to start a currency area not optimal . 
  in short , a terrible social and political sign . 
  * * to make matters worse , both award and much premium to free rider , the stowaway , do not guarantee their joy , they can prelude more assignments , encourage other disaffected and do not balance with nothing tangible in return . 
  that 's a comfortable simplification , but it 's far from the truth . 
  in portugal and everywhere . 
  the amount of mental gymnastics you have to do to support your narrative , by just from nitpicking a couple or three events , is certainly admirable . 
  so your point is that the real history of the incorporation of basque provinces to castile has been unkown until some xixth century historians unveiled it . 
  brilliant . 
  you also happily disregard hundreds of years of history . 
  i wonder how do you explain a such basque phenomenon as carlism , for example , which is evidently supportive of the spanish monarchy . 
   there is a very good book about all the lies the spanish said since the beginning of the invasion with a ton of bibliography if you are interested , mind you , it 's only in basque . 
  how convenient , safe from the sight of inquisitive historians . 
  like or not navarre has had a history distinctive of the other spanish basque provinces and has shared equally parts of its history with the kingdom of aragon . 
  as a proof , i invite you to read lope de aguirre letters to charles v ( or philip ii i do n't remember ) in which he insults the navarre pedro de ursua calling him * french * . 
  btw , he considers himself basque ( * vascongado de o\u00f1ate * ) and , of course , spanish . 
  edit : i ignored the rest of your comment because i can not make sense of it . 
  you just said that `` stole us '' navarre , your words . 
  i do n't have said anything about the basque language . 
  i think you are knee-jerking , and answering nonsense . 
  btw , there was another language ( romance ) which navarres used , the navarre-aragonese , but i do n't know what the language thing has to be with anything . 
  just to clarify , nor spain nor anything remotely ressembling it existed by the year 1200 . 
  and the basque provinces , including navarre have been part of spain since its inception or early years , and lots of basques have had prominent roles in the spanish empire . 
  blas de lezo has been named before in this thread , you do n't have to go very far . 
  if you are independentist , fine , but do n't invent new history . 
  edit : and , the thing about the thread is about , there have n't been wars between the basque provinces and spain which does n't qualify as civil wars since the conquest of navarre ( 1512 ) , which was under french rule . 
  spain in the year 1200 ( spain most recalcitrant nationalists will love to read it ) ... navarra `` yours '' ... do yourself a favour and throw your history books to the trash bin , please . 
  it 's understandble . 
  they filled the curriculum with the victories first and there was no time left for the defeats ;-), 
   i 'd live in the usa . 
  it has a noticeably higher standard of living for people in similar jobs to mine . 
  higher wages for sure , but higher standard of living ? 
  with a week or two of vacation for the whole year ? 
  it was an uninteresting match . 
  i do n't mind too much the defeat , but it was a poor show , as the spain-denmark of 2013 ( at least the later had a lot of goals ) . 
  in spain is mostly known because cartagena de india 's battle , which was a great victory given the number of soldiers of both sides . 
  btw , the invincible armada episode is considered to be overstated , since the english armada suffered a similar fate not long after , and the war in the end did n't end badly for spain ( though philip ii coud n't access to the english crown ) . 
  not even the war of jenkin 's ear , with the cartagena de indias episode ? 
  i thought it was england , but it seems to be [ france ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:guerras_de_espa%c3%b1a ) , with a good chunk of civil ones , too . 
  in spanish beaches and swimming pools topless is common , and it 's usually not hard to find nudist beaches if you look for them . 
  it 's also common to see toddlers and young kids naked there ( which i believe is inconvenient for them , specially for the girls ) . 
  but i do n't think spanish society is specially open about nudity , specially male one . 
  filmed in spain . 
  we claim half of the credit !, 
   that identifying the catalan language exclusively with catalonia is a mistake . 
    yea , i know , i think that 's obvious considering how i 've already mentioned valencia , balearic islands and sardinia . 
  i was referring to a previous time . 
  you seemed to imply that those places were a product of catalan * colonization * which is such inaccurate that may be considered false ( having some truth in it ) . 
   you realise all countries arguable ` simply do n't exist ' . 
  i consider myself a post-nationalist , so i would completely agree with that if rephrased with * nations simply do n't exist ( anymore ) *  i was sort of making a diplomatic suggestion , i really do n't care what anybody does . 
  some problems just do n't have simple solutions . 
  i 'm aragonese , so please do n't lecture me about the history of my own country . 
  i would need several hours , which i do n't have , to summarize the medieval history of this part of the world , but suffice to say , that identifying the catalan language exclusively with catalonia is a mistake . 
  there were ( and still are ) people who spoke catalan who were n't catalans , as there were people who spoke castillian ( or proto-castilian if you wish ) who were n't castillians because that thing did n't even exist as a kingdom . 
  the term calatan countries is a xixth invention and it 's medieval justification simply do n't exist . 
  but even with that , there is as much cultural difference between present-day aragon and catalonia , as with catalonia and valencia ( in fact , both pretty small ) . 
  please , stop with this silly thing of the `` catalan countries '' . 
  there is no , and never has been , such thing . 
  there is a `` funny '' side in all of this . 
  this investigation has been possible thanks to a whistleblower : marcos benavent . 
  this guy was a top executive from pp 's valencian governments , that had the preventive custom of recording some of their conversations . 
  this guy recently `` saw the light '' and embraced a hippy lifestyle , after which decided to go to the police to clean his concience ( not sure if he was already being investigated , but the story is better told like this ) . 
  he defines his old self as a money-addict and he has performed an aesthetic transformation as [ you can see here ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/cv/marcos-benavent-despues-derecha-rous_0_477702396.html ) . 
  the subtitle says * weapons * , but reading the text it seems that ** the bulk ** of them are in fact non-combat airplanes ( refueling , transport ) , engines , spare parts for jets , etc. . . not justifying it , but at least they were n't guided missiles , tanks or the like . 
   personally , i do n't think either of them will manage to form a government before the time limit ends ( sometime in march , i think ) so we will probably have new elections . 
  there is n't a fixed date , but `` two months after the first candidate tries to form government '' . 
  so the clock still is n't ticking , and we have lost two weeks thanks to rajoy . 
  no , none . 
  ciudadanos wo n't do anything more than abstaining , but even if they did , they would still need 11-12 seats more . 
  they would need to convince pnv ( which , btw is in alde like ciudadanos , but they are like water and oil ) , and they are still short of 5-6 seats to be filled by die-hard leftists and/or independentists . 
  no way . 
  well , not only that , he accompanied the present with this sentence `` this will help you to better understand spanish politics '' . 
  furthermore , he has written a book called [ * win or die : game of thrones ' political lessons * ] ( http://www.amazon.es/morir-lecciones-pol%c3%adticas-pensamiento-critico/dp/8446040107/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1453664399&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=ganar+o+morir ) , which is pretty indicative of how he understands politics . 
  btw , the sanchez 's preferred tv show is * lost * . 
  almost moves to tenderness , like a lamb before a wolf ... 
  the king should n't give him another chance . 
  blatant tacticism at this moment should be punished . 
  oh , and pablo iglesias is also playing silly games . 
  this is not game of thrones , for god 's sake !, 
  the thing is , the clock of new elections does n't tick until someone actually tries to get elected pm . 
  he also says that does n't give up on becoming re-elected . 
  what an idiot . 
  edit : s\u00e1nchez refuses to try it himself until rajoy tries first or gives up definitely . 
  king felipe , i 'm available . 
  it 's difficult , no doubt , but the catalan already showed some aquiescency , and bildu ... 
  if sanchez is mad enough to give the justice ministery to podemos could also abstain ( =  eta inmates to basque prisons ) . 
  and pnv may choose , holding the key now or may be complete irrelevance later ... 
  i hope you are right , though . 
  whoa . 
  i did n't see it coming , but you did .
