  i would have done the same . 
  i like your metaphor ... do you have it registered ? 
  because i want to use it . 
   areas so conservative that still think it 's ok to execute someone if they are gay , leftist or non-catholic . 
  lol !!, 
  you forgot catalans , it 's ok to kill those too . 
  i did n't know about her existence until right now , but it seems that provokes lust and hatred feelings equally ... 
  of what ? 
  german concern for privacy or whatsapp privacy and security weaknesses ? 
   in contrast , the leave campaign is forging a strong , simple narrative that is compelling and persuasive to a lot of people . 
  it 's not a fair game . 
  everyone knows how it 's to be in the eu . 
  it 's just reality with its pros and its cons , and it 's hard to create a really compelling image of something you are used to . 
  on the other hand , the leave campaign has a clean sheet to draw whatever they please : rainbows , unicorns ... sure why not ? 
   such was the magnitude of the battle that the english government forbade mentioning it and records were destroyed . 
  i had n't heard this before , but one embarrassing detail is that the brits were so sure about their victory that even coined [ commemorative medallions ] ( http://collections.rmg.co.uk/collections/objects/38479.html ) beforehand . 
  for those who do n't know , `` today '' is easter sunday , not march 27th . 
  congrats to all basques . 
  that has n't changed . 
  in my times , compulsory school was till 14 , so high school was 4 years , not 2 . 
  ca n't compare , but i think that if you are going to fail , it 's better to fail early . 
   then everyone gets on the train and suddenly school is a waste of time : `` why keep going there , your retard cousing has just bought a brand new audi by pushing cement sacks up a ramp in the construction down the road '' . 
  this is one of the preferred anecdotes of one of my former co-workers . 
  she was just graduated ( computer science ) , working as a sort of apprentice for 900/mo . 
  during the christmas dinner , she had just told how much she was doing and how hard it was going , when her cousin 's idiotic boyfriend , half drunk , 19yrs and primary studies , says * for less than 1800 i do n't even get up in the morning * . 
  she went immediately bright red , feeling a failure . 
  obviously that idiot is now blaming the crisis for his `` bad luck '' , and she is doing well , but at that time , it was n't that obvious . 
  the number of deaths has been lowered to 13 , all of them women . 
  there is not much more to say . 
  rip . 
  pretty sad . 
   you seem to think it absurd that children in catalonia study in catalan , that somehow a people teaching children their language in their own land is an imposition , betraying your supremacist attitude , one held by most spanish people . 
  catalan is the language of catalonia and children being educated in it is the most natural thing in the world - or should be . 
  . .  i understand that most spanish people have fallen hook , line and sinker for the monolingual , unitanional idea of spain . 
  that the only language is spanish , that catalonia and the basque country are no more than regions . 
  we are well past any middle ground in this thread , but ca n't resist to answer that 's a pretty unfair caricature of what i have said . 
  i do n't believe in monolinguism in spain at all . 
  i think that bilinguism should be promoted in any spanish territory who has the luck of having two languages , but it 's true that language has been used as a weapon by nationalisms : by castilian long ago and by periferic ones now . 
  i think that basque system , which gives total freedom to parents , is the best and should be adopted by all bilingual autonomous communtities , but that any system that guarantees a not insignificant share for any language ( at least 1/3 of the time ) would be fine . 
  sincerely , your supremacist spaniard . 
  pd : btw , i 'm not castilian . 
  we try , but you ca n't imagine how it sounds to our ears ... 
  it 's unintelligible . 
   i have n't called c 's a far-right party , i suggest you try honing your comprehension skills . 
  yeah , i 'm sure it 's a terrrrrible misunderstanding from my part . 
  the fact that you accussed c 's of defending francoism is another misinterpretation of mine . 
   ah yes boadella , the man who said that the catalans would be better off if their language died . 
  no one better represents the ultra-nationalistic , linguicidal fanatacism of the spanish right . 
  oh , here you are at it again . 
  boadella is a buffon and has said lots of things , most of them provocative , but if facts speak for itself , he has written most of his writings in catalan . 
  he must hate it , but strangely excels at it . 
  do you perceive any contradiction ? 
   defending co-officiality is an utter joke . 
  wales has only one official language : welsh . 
  england and the us have none . 
  why ? 
  because firstly foreign languages , as english is to wales and spanish is to catalonia , should not be official . 
  i almost ca n't believe you have written that . 
  is compulsory for students of wales to study in welsh like it is catalonia to study in catalan ? 
  would you call far right to british parties who would oppose to that ? 
  ( if you do i 'm sure lots of your compatriots will love to know ) is english a foreign language in wales after , how much ? 
  500 years of presence ? 
  i think you should be more vocal about those british issues in this forum , instead of pissing so much in spaniards . 
   dialectical variation is all very well but calling valencian another language is utterly absurd straw man . 
  i have n't said that . 
   i am english , i have no spanish family ( bar a cousin who lives in tenerife ) nor have i ever lived in spain . 
  i study spanish at university and will be living in madrid next year . 
  certainly you have strong opinions for not having ever lived in spain . 
  may be you can revise them next year . 
   where are the lies ? 
  starting from the end , the lie , is calling a party like ciudadanos , which is part of the alde european group : `` far right '' . 
  that term that you use so lightly is , apart of underserved , extremely direspectful and a direct insult to its voters . 
  you should read a bit about its founders , where you will find people who where in jail with franco because his ideas ( boadella ) , former psuc 's antifrancoists and well regarded postnationalists as francesc de carreras , to learn what the party is about . 
  now , your `` proofs '' . 
   ciudadanos calling euskera a langage of imposition the text does n't call euskera a `` language of imposition '' , but that has been impossed in certain circunstances . 
  regardless the validity of the whole statement ( which btw , have n't found complete but i do n't fully share judging by that excerpts ) , this does n't make it `` an extreme right party '' . 
  much less given that ciudadanos defends the cooficiality of the various languages of spain , something that ca n't be said , for example , from [ manuel valls ] ( http://www.noticiasdegipuzkoa.com/2015/12/31/mundo/valls-dice-a-los-corsos-que-en-francia-solo-existe-una-nacion ) , who i 'm sure you would n't dare to call extreme right in this forum , or about your home country ( uk ) , in where the languages like welsh are in a far worse position than euskera , galician or catalan . 
   they also have are part of the ` divide and conquer ' strategy the pp have used for years to divide and attack catalan in the valencia , as evidenced by them having their page in both catalan and ` valencian ' . 
  i 'm sorry but lots of valencians want to preserve their dialectal variation of the language , and their own identity , despite the desires of ** some ** catalans who like to patronize them . 
  you 'll also will have to prove which `` divide and conquer '' conspiration is , because i 'm not aware of it . 
   abandoning the parliament to avoid voting against francoism i do n't think you are so naive to not to know that they were insulted by a cup mp and they left the parliament because the president of it did n't allow them to reply to his accussations . 
  i 'm also sure that you 'll know that they have voted against francoism several times ( [ 1 ] ( https://www.ciudadanos-cs.org/prensa...arlament/6255/ ) and [ 2 ] ( http://parlament-catalunya.ciudadanos-cs.org/es/2016/03/03/c-s-vuelve-a-condenar-el-franquismo-en-el-parlamento-e-insta-a-los-partidos-a-tener-memoria-historica-para-preservar-la-democracia/ ) ) , but since that does n't fit your narrative , you choose to ignore it . 
  am i wrong ? 
   i do n't have any motivation , just calling a spade a spade . 
  and yes i am english , why on earth would i lie about that ? 
  i was n't implying that you were lying about your nationality , but there are people who use a flag of the country of residence , or are descendants of immigrants so they have an almost local standpoint of some issue . 
  i was just surprised to find an opinion as entrenched as yours for a foreigner , and i was thinking that ca n't be casual , and you were almost a local , or have been in contact of people far from being neutral in some spanish issues . 
  sincerely i think the authors are trying to build a narrative out of nothing . 
  i do n't think there is anything specially noble in how spainiards have reacted to the crisis , barring the fact that racism levels have n't increased notably . 
  are you too scared of discussion based on arguments that you have to resort to sarcasm that early ? 
  this is completely false in the case of ciudadanos , but somehow you insist in spread these lies . 
  i would love to know what 's your motivation if you are in fact english , if as your flag shows . 
  not to mention that there far right parties you have overlooked , like vox , and a good share of pp who has been the home of different political families , from almost-liberals to francoists . 
  oh , i understand now . 
  podemos is a personality cult more than anything else . 
  without iglesias ' charisma , they would n't have had these electoral results . 
  he knows it and expects complete obedience ; but some inside the party had believed the hype about being a grassroots movement . 
  their fault . 
  not unlike ciudadanos , but their members embrace rivera 's unquestionable leadership openly . 
  why ?
