  france is pretty centralist ... is it a fascist state ? 
  because he won the elections with a great margin . 
  everybody likes winners . 
  i see much more strange hollande 's results . 
  i could understand , but hollande ? 
  you have an evident bias against every party that is what you call `` unionist '' . 
  those are called `` fascist '' and positioned at the right of the spectrum , no matter how they are . 
  in your book , probably a party that is against wealth redistribution like erc is leftist , while ciudadanos who does not is right wing . 
  i 'm not a fan of using a single axis to position a party . 
  at the very least you need 2 , one for social rights , and another for economic issues . 
  in the social axis , ciudadanos is pro-abortion ( under 22 weeks ) , pro-gay marriage . 
  argues for legalization of prostitution and drug decriminalization . 
  definitely not conservative . 
  in the economic axis is liberal-democrat . 
  argues for small governments , free markets , etc. . but with state-provided services like healthcare , education and welfare . 
  if it 's that right-wing ... well so be it . 
  increase the income of the poorest to boost the gdp . 
  great , i always tougth that the purpose of looking for a higher growth was to increase the income of the lower and middle class , not the other way around . 
  it 's not surprising . 
  things have changed a bit lately , but cultural and `` emotional '' ties with latin america have been very strong . 
  even during franco 's dictatorship spain kept diplomatical relations with fidel 's cuba , and peron 's argentine sent tons of wheat that saved lots of spainiards from the famine . 
  almost every spanish family has had some members who migrated to latin america after the civil war . 
  moreover , music and literature flows freely from both sides of the atlantic . 
  for the average spainiard older than 50 , that usually does n't speak a word of english , latin america is much more closer than europe . 
  now what ? 
  will the european states and us condemn it or something ? 
  i assume that sanctions are out of the question , are n't they ? 
  yeah , but probably not the same basque dialect , since they are learning the standard version one now . 
  spanish has been very influenced by basque , and can be considered of basque origin , though no exclusively . 
   very slim chance to be honest . 
  none at all in fact . 
  sephardic jews probably have n't been as endogamous as askhenazi ones , but still they have probably intermarried a lot . 
  source : what i remember from [ before the dawn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/before_the_dawn_%28book%29 ) , though my memory is n't very good . 
  that question is pretty ambiguous . 
  would i fight if isis troops were invading spanish territories ( a defensive war ) ? 
  surely , but due my age ( 35 ) is unlikely i would have to go to the front line , so it would be more about joining the army than fighting . 
  also , if i had to fight in the front line , i would be probably useless . 
  honestly i would be scared to death , probably shit myself . 
  would i fight isis in the middle east or noth africa if spain gets involved ? 
  no , i 'm sorry , but that 's just an hypothetical question since only proffesional troops would be send there . 
  would i support sending spanish troops there ? 
  it would be hypocrital to support that if i would n't go myself . 
  in the other hand , people knowingly choose that profession , so i do n't know . 
  that 's really a hard question , and much more likely to be tested . 
  timetables , any country would be better . 
  portugal , for example , which is one of the most similar ones . 
  in case you do n't know we ate lunch at 2-3pm , have dinner at 9-10pm . 
  best tv shows start at 9:30 -10 pm , and most people go to bed at 11pm or later ( way later ) even in winter . 
  portuguese speakers tend to understand spanish pretty well but not viceversa . 
  it 's because portuguese phonemes are a superset of spanish ' ones ( 7 vowels vs 5 , etc. . . ), 
  you have n't heard about tesla 's powerwall or i 'm missing something ? 
  sorry , i was n't clear enough . 
  not specifically tesla 's batteries but any system similar to tesla 's powerwall . 
   people connected to the grid should have to pay something to maintain it if you are connected to the grid , you are already paying a flat rate depending on how much power you get . 
  if you own a solar panel system , you ca n't sell the excess to the grid . 
  ok , fair enough , but now you ca n't even store that surplus ? 
  why ? 
   would she lie in order to make the morrocan goverment look bad ? 
  it could be , but at some point she has had to commit a crime , such as using a fake passport or a stolen/borrowed one . 
  imho there 's no way she could legally obtain two passports with different identities/names , as morocco 's goverment is suggesting . 
  femen activists do n't hesitate to break the law , but afaik they do n't hide it afterwards . 
  according to the [ version of the femen activist ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.es/lara-alcazar/iba-a-participar-derechos-lgtb_b_7513032.html ) , it was the first time she visited morocco , and the woman that had been previously deported from the country was n't her . 
  their names do n't even match . 
  * machine translation now , in madrid , i find that since international ( moroccan and french ) sources hassad asks the spanish ministry of interior to certify how i could enter the moroccan territory through passport . 
  the moroccan government claims that i had been deported on may 22 and he would have used another passport . 
  but mentioning the name is not even mine . 
  such laia carreras , that 's the alleged activist of femen ( unknown woman and has nothing to do with our movement ) that have previously deported . 
  * immunization coverage in catalonia for diphteria is 88 % , while spain 's average is 95 % . 
  i wonder why is so . 
  catalonia is one the most developed regions ... it 's true that its healthcare system is a bit messy , since it 's `` atomized '' compared with other regions , but primary care should be pretty well standarized . 
  no , it 's not because of nudity . 
  what shows is a big man kidnapping a young woman . 
  that man takes her to a woman who takes off her clothes , hits her , cuts her hair and locks her into a room . 
  the big man gets drunk , jokes with his friends and goes to the locked room ( presumably to rape her , but obviously that 's not shown ) . 
  genitals and breasts are not a problem , but forced prostitution and sexual violence are , even if that 's how sometimes marriage worked 3000years ago . 
  edit : just to clarify , my son was 3 or 4 years old by then . 
  yes it was great . 
  but if you are going to show it to your kids , watch it yourself first . 
  they could be too young for some scenes . 
  and no , i 'm not a puritan . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hud56r5wxg&amp;t=14m20s ), 
  yes , the cult of stupidity . 
  have n't you heard about teresa forcades ? 
  she advocated strongly against vaccines for influenza ah1n1 , and may be another vaccines . 
  her video went viral in 2009 and i remember she seemed pretty convincing . 
  it 's the only case i know . 
  note that even at good times unemployment in spain is around 10 % . 
  maximum compensation is 45days/year until 02/2012 , 33 days/year after that . 
  they ca n't change that retroactively . 
  but that 's not one of main changes . 
  laboral reform changed conditions under `` objective '' layoffs can be performed , so it 's much easier to fire employees with just some bad forecasts . 
  you should try to write in english . 
  people here are forgiving with bad english . 
   i 've also seem to have seen a lot more people changing jobs recently which seems to be a good indication of health as well . 
  if people is brave enough now to switch jobs that is great news . 
  due how layoff compensations are computed in spain , people are very cautious resign to them once they reach some level of seniority ( 5 + years ) , unless the salary is much much better ( not a `` mere '' 10-15 % of improvement for example ) . 
   why should the schools adapt to the 0.5 % that want not to be teached in an official language ? 
   because there is another official language with the same status ? 
  it 's interesnting that you are saying that demand would be pretty low . 
  not a big deal to implement then , is it ?
