  ciudadanos , psoe are n't perfect but at least are n't horrible ... or even pnv in your case . 
  i was mad at rivera during their face to face debate because of this . 
  * stop doing silly remarks and talk about how they want to cancel debt and at the same time raise money from the very same debtors !!, 
  you fool !!, 
  * i think arrimadas is already a better communicator than him ... 
  i love the denmark example , because the nitpicking that people does when putting that country as example is staggering . 
  do you realize that the danish pension system is mostly private ? 
  that layoff compensation is almost nonexistent ? 
  that they do n't have collective bargaining ? 
  immigration policies ? 
  no , i do n't think tax collection can be increased with podemos measures . 
  on the contrary , without more liberal policies the collection will only increase through higher tax rates and the best example are the councils and regions in which podemos governs or supports psoe . 
  whichever requires massive spending ( healthcare , guaranteed income ) . 
  the increase in taxes would depress the economy and skyrocket the deficit to the point the state could n't access to external financing . 
  that has been tried before , or do you think that zapatero actually wanted to cut spending ? 
  i skimmed through the one they had for the last elections , thank you . 
  i do n't know if its modern and social democrat , but definitely is not realistic ; lots of measures are unpayable or directly unconstitutional . 
  i guess we wo n't agree but that 's because podemos program is ~ ~ bollocks ~ ~ unviable . 
  even if i think that calling * communist * to podemos is n't far fetched , i think that it would be fair to use the word to mean * eurocommunism * and not in the soviet sense . 
  it 's perfectly possible . 
   well , ciudadanos is a 100 % populist party . 
  they consider themselves anti-bipartidism but they are ppsoe jr. . not even kidding , they made an agreement with psoe and have said they would consider one with pp ( all of this after saying they wo n't negotiate with either of them ) until you get absolute majority , there 's no other chance . 
  not reaching a pact until the others blindly swallow your program is not a viable strategy imo . 
  for example , they managed to get a good chunk of their electoral program in their pact with psoe . 
  if that would have go through , it would have been a successful way of implementing their main proposals with less than 15 % of the vote . 
  nobody knows , but i do n't think that will be new elections in 6 months again , although the legislature probably wo n't last more than a couple of years . 
  my bet , a minority government of the pp , who will have to sacrifice rajoy 's head to buy psoe 's and c 's abstention . 
  this time , i think the king wo n't propose anyone to pm until someone manages gather enough support to be elected by the congress . 
  the clock for `` automatic '' new elections does n't start until someone is proposed as pm and tries ( and fails ) to win the majority of the ~ ~ camera ~ ~ parliament . 
  edit : not sure if camera is valid english in this context . 
  just showing their genitals ? 
  that 's pretty mild . 
  they are capable of much , much more ... 
  that guy had a discourse pretty similar to yours and now he 's gone and here you are , with a two months old account . 
  may be ... 
  being `` black '' is a defined as race culturally-wise but has little to do genetic variability . 
  in fact in africa there is more genetic diversity than in any other place in the world since the whole humanity has lived there for most of its existence . 
  the rest of the population of the world could be the result of a single migration from africa . 
  regarding iq and race , afaik it only has been proved some statistical significative difference in the case of askhenazi jews , and it was the result of several centuries of endogamy , something which wo n't happen in large populations naturally . 
  [ i like this one ] ( http://img.desmotivaciones.es/201103/sa_2.jpg ), 
  agenda pushing if i have seen one . 
  i would call that trolling , but may be i 'm just old-fashioned . 
  i like the city but for god 's sake it 's full of beggars !, 
  pssst , you forgot to log into your trolling account before posting this ... 
  i mean into your * blatantly * trolling account . 
  it wo n't be applied . 
  it has been approved against the government wishes and since it requires a modification of the budget , it 's dubious it may be enforced . 
  if anything , shows that the government is so weak that new elections are looming . 
  law 2/2010 , so yes , in 2010 during the second zapatero 's term . 
  if we 're strict with the definitions , spain should be in the 00 's group . 
  the 80 's law allowed abortion only if the health of the mother or the fetus was at risk ( or when the pregnant woman had been raped ) . 
  the loophole was that the psychogical risks were also considered , and it became pretty easy to obtain the medical report needed to receive the surgery . 
  i guess most of them would still choose to vote for the lesser of two evils , but i think there could be also another effect going on here . 
  the first round serves as an extraordinary chance of releasing the rage and voting against the establishment . 
  but after seeing the media in shock and the traditional politicians turning livid i guess most of the disenchanted voters , who usually do n't go to vote , will be satisfied and wo n't bother to vote in the second round . 
  in summary i think the first round is more emotional and the second more rational . 
  well , you asked who i considered a charismatic french leader , and my answer is : i do n't have really a clue , but if i had to say someone i 'd say valls . 
  but i guess it 's probably because the spanish media devotes him a unproportional share of attention due his spanish ascentry . 
  is it clearer now ? 
  i do n't know , i said * i hope * . 
  valls is n't disliked in spain but it could be because of his spanish ascentry . 
  i think that in a two-round system trump would n't be the president . 
  said that , what i dread is people like to jump in the winning bandwagon and with the brexit and trump succeses this * alt-right * is getting a lot of momentum . 
  i hope the french really have some other charismatic leaders to opposse to her because we have seen that throwing technocrats at them wo n't work forever . 
  [ ... if my mansplaining is triggering you , you can either fuck off to your safe space or engage with me , and debate me , and tell me what i 'm getting wrong . . ] ( https://youtu.be/glg9g7bcjks?t=5m22s ) [ only slightly related but i saw * mansplaining * and * trump * and i saw my chance to say that i loved that part of the rant . ], 
  it 's not , thank you ( that way browsing reddit is not `` procrastinating '' but `` improving my english '' :-) . 
  why bulgaria and moldova are `` more red '' than the others ? 
  does it have any meaning ? 
  of course , but as far i know russians do n't think as themselves as europeans . 
  even less than brits . 
  you do n't dare to say that to a russian to his face . 
  time for predictions . 
  these are mine . 
  * the cup wo n't vote for mas , and with their 10 seats , they are going to drive the way to independence . 
  raul romeva will be the catalan president . 
  * money is going to fly from spain ( bye bye recovery ) , and specially from catalonia . 
  * pp is going to be the most voted party in the general elections , but psoe 's pedro sanchez will be the president , with the support of podemos , but a very weak one . 
  * the catalan goverment will start to make its state structures , but before declaring independence , will run out of money . 
  some payrolls of public servants will be late or severely cut . 
  this will be justified because of the financial asphyxia of the spanish goverment . 
  * europe : this is an internal issue of the spanish state . 
  strongly worded letters calling for an agreement . 
  * the catalan goverment will declare the independence in late 2017 and call for civil disobedience . 
  * do n't know what comes after , but we will be pretty fucked up . 
  in spain , whatsapp is ubiquitous . 
  it 's the smartphone killer app , which makes the 60 + wanting to own one , and whatsapp groups are also the preferred way of comunication between groups of people ( groups of friends , parents of classmates , family branches , etc. . . ) . 
  i wonder if this is a spanish-only phenomenon or this happens also elsewhere in europe . 
  i 'm curious about your username ... do you know who [ general mola ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emilio_mola ) was ? 
  did you choose a fascist general on purpose or it 's another one reference ? 
  extremes , namely pp and podemos . 
  i share it with 333 persons according to the [ spanish stats institute ] ( http://www.ine.es/widgets/nombapell/index.shtml ) . 
  my second surname ( the mother 's one ) is way more common , 25.000 persons . 
  the queen is the one who fills the role of the american first lady , and she has a fairly prominent role , obviously . 
  it depends . 
  i used to think it was pretty good , but only because i mostly read non-fiction . 
  reading * seveneves * in english has been ... challenging . 
  a galician major iirc, 
  in spain we have several civil codes depending on the region you were born , which is nonsensical enough , but some of them have really outdated and absurd clauses . 
  in my region , for example , the children of a widow has to be advised by a council of relatives if the surviving parent wishes to sell some goods which are part of the children 's heritage . 
  the members of this council are chosen by an `` algorithm '' in which males have precedence over females which is obviously discriminatory .
