  that link is bad propaganda , and even if you do n't like them , you should treat them fairly . 
  let 's see what they arguments for calling c 's `` fascist '' are : * they left a motion against francoism . 
  they had a fight with the david fernandez who called them fascists , and the president of the parlament did n't allow them to answer , so they left . 
  they have voted against ( any form of fascism ) [ https://www.ciudadanos-cs.org/prensa...arlament/6255/] with erc and ciu . 
  * they have gone to rallies with true fascists . 
  as it happens sometimes , some radical groups infiltrate in rallies , and that happened a 12-o . 
  also happened in `` occupy the congress '' and dozens of other manifestations . 
  but those groups were n't the organizers of the rallies , just a minority of the attendants . 
  * they argue for giving only er care to illegal immigrants , which is something would support social democrats parties all around europe , and hardly a reason for calling anyone , `` a fascist '' . 
  * regarding abortion , they argue for free abortion under the first trimester , hardly what was proposed in pp 's `` aborted '' law , which was n't even voted . 
  it 's hardly a novelty . 
  marinaleda in andalousia has been governed by communists since 35 years or so . 
  it does n't if : * you believe it was n't a true plebiscite , since the right conditions were n't met . 
  * you believe that it was one , but that explicit support by those who wanted to change the status quo had to reach a qualified majority ( at least  50 % of the votes , if not more ) , in order to be won . 
  but if : * you believe that a parliamentary majority was enough for pushing for independence , it 's obvious that there is n't one . 
  * you believe that `` podemos '' ( csqp ) votes did n't count , and somehow were void regarding the independence issue so coud n't be added to psc+pp+c 's + unio , you should recognize now that adding jxsi to the cup ones was n't exactly fair game too . 
  i guess you do n't agree , do you ? 
  it would be the first time . 
  i respect what they have done , but they have managed it very naively . 
  they have opened the door to investing mas , and have n't done it for very little , which somehow diminishes a bit their coherence . 
  and now , by doing what they claimed a thousand times they would do , they are getting all the blame for killing the independentist process , and have been divided internally . 
  if they would have shown true firmness since the beginning , as they tried for the first weeks , the blame would be on jxsi for not proposing an alternative candidate . 
  i do n't know if you can read spanish , but if you do , look what are saying about them in la vanguardia : forcadell , sanchez , rahola are crushing them . 
  so the plebiscite was won or lost by independentism ? 
  i 'm confused right now . 
  they have showed their inexperience . 
  they are just doing what they promised during the electoral campaign , but they are getting all the blame . 
  i 'm not . 
  i used the word unionist do n't know why , i guess is not appropiate for non-catalans ( are english unionist ? ) . 
  the answer to what you ask is rather lengthy , but i think the consensus is that the jxs has shown zero strength and instead an unhealthy obsession for investing mas . 
  popular support has gravitated to podemos ' allies in catalonia , which were the most voted party in spanish elections , by far . 
  erc-podemos-cup could be a viable coalition if held new elections , which is far more dangerous than jxsi right now . 
  a cup leader , who had to step down after it , did days ago an accurate description on what 's going on : * the ( independentist ) proccess is the biggest fraud of catalan politics * and * an inexisting mandate , a blank roadmap , a dead legislature , and we still talk about investing the biggest political cadaver of the moment . 
  bravo * i could be mistaken , though . 
  may be jxs resurrects after mas being elected . 
  about the underlying issues , imho most of them are based on fallacies , and are as strong as catalans want to believe them . 
  as an unionist , i hope mas gets elected . 
  i ca n't think of anyone less legitimated to lead anything . 
   its okay to enter the beaches completely naked or with bikinis but not with your underwear because that would harm the countrys image . 
  because a naked turk never disappoints ... 
   so either way you look at it spain is most likely to see a leftist government ? 
  probably only the left can convince the nationalists to abstain , if the alternative is another pp legislature after new elections . 
   what are the potential implications of this in terms of foreign , but also domestic policy ? 
  imho , pretty bad if podemos imposes their thesis , which include ignoring the deficit targets , raising the minimum wage by a 30 % overnight or aproving a guaranteed income equal to the minimum wage ( all well intentioned but disastrous policies , imho ) . 
  it would put spain at the verge of a bailout again . 
  on the contrary , if psoe imposes theirs , there will be an increase of social spending and will adopt an anti-austerity ~ ~ in ~ ~ stance in the european council , but they wo n't do nothing crazy . 
  polish art 145 is similar to the `` offences against the crown '' crime , which is still in use in spain . 
  you can be jailed for up to four years for mocking the king , for example . 
  it 's applied with some regularity . 
  in 2007 the satirical magazine `` el jueves '' depicted the prince ( now king ) going doggy style with the princess ( now queen ) , and a court decided to try to censor the magazine because this law . 
  it had the predictable outcome of making the cartoon an internet hit , increasing the general awareness of it by several orders of magnitude . 
  and how where the lib dems rewarded ? 
  they were swept off in the next elections . 
  it 's just all speculation . 
  psoe could be very well resist or bounce . 
  i do n't think all podemos supporters will be happy with the party resigning to achieve a leftist coalition `` only '' because the referendum thing , which is irrelevant at best for most people . 
  i agree in that pp should improve and ciudadanos worsen , though . 
  i want to upvote and downvote at the same time ... 
  i do n't agree . 
  there is the ** desire ** of learning english , we just do n't want to put the effort or the commitment needed to achieve it . 
  that 's why english academies and gyms thrive . . 
  since always ? 
  they ca n't agree in the fact that catalonia 's sovereignity resides just in people living in catalonia . 
  a country is the result of thousands of trade offs which some times benefit one region in detriment of another . 
  a spain wide referendum would show that a ) independentists acknowledge that fact and respect the law , and their intention of playing fair and b ) show which is the real support for independentism . 
  i would support that solution . 
  i proposed the idea of [ electing borrell ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/spain/comments/3xz9m2/the_solution_to_the_political_mess/ ) some days ago , and in the comments people also mentioned solana as a good candidate . 
  it 's wishful thinking right now , but is not impossible . 
  the trick is that is legal , but at the same time allows to know the partial result in catalonia , and if independence wins there , opens a door for a loyal negotiation . 
  honestly , catalonia can only be viable as an independent country with spain acting as an umbrella for a while , and spain ca n't afford to lose catalonia overnight . 
  they could push for a spain wide referendum . 
  that would be legal and would allow to account the support among catalans too . 
  i do n't like any of the possible ones right now . 
  psoe+c 's was my preferred option before the elections , but falls short by a lot . 
  too early to call . 
  if mas gets elected and does something silly , pp and psoe will have to reach an agreement , albeit temporary . 
  also , the king could step in , and propose someone by himself . 
  like someone with charisma , moderate and elderly . 
   there have been plenty of terrorist attacks in russia . 
  i know , that 's why edited the comment . 
  i do n't think russia faces invasion , though . 
   nobody superimposes a russian flag over their facebook profile picture to demonstrate solidarity with the victims , so how would you know . 
  touche . 
  i acknowledge a lack of empathy for russian victims , compared with french ones . 
   i 'm on the fence . 
  i don ; t want balkanization of spain , but i also want for region to save their language , customs , or whats left of them . 
  regions ' languages and customs are n't in danger , specially if you compare them with their french counterparts ( rousllion and basque french country ), 
  spain has faced terrorism constantly for the last 40 years until very recently . 
  and i do n't think russia faces any serious threat . 
  edit : threats from outside its frontiers , i mean . 
  being late is the norm ... sadly, 
   you mean one queue for multiple registers ? 
  it 's done sometimes in poland , mostly when there 's no space for multiple queues . 
  i like this system because is the fairest , but my fellow countrymen see it as a way to jump the queue . 
  * cashier x is free !, 
  my turn !, 
   i do n't know how things are in other countries but if someone starts wearing `` independent abkhazia '' t-shirt and starts playing russian anthem in military center exactly same thing would happen in georgia in spain it would be a non issue . 
  and surely police would n't harass him . 
   the premise was that all public schooling is given in catalan , which is false . 
  yes , but the right answer is * everything except castilian language class * .
