  * * sigh *, 
  pronunciation aside , andalusian is identical to the castilian spoken in he rest of spain . 
  i guess that the difference is bigger between different dialects of basque since i remember an anecdote of p\u00edo baroja in which his father and father in law had to speak spanish since one was from vizcaya and the other from guip\u00fazcoa , and their basque were too differentto be fluent . 
  now that would n't happen since batua is standardized . 
  though you will know better . 
   even if we are talking about a pregnant woman ( restrictions apply for union representative ) no , if you fire a pregnant woman , the layoff is declared void . 
  it 's a big no-no . 
   however , unjustified layoffs can be expensive , they go to 35 days for year employed . 
  to a maximum of two years of salary . 
  33 from years from 2012 , 45 before ( because irretroactivity ) . 
  the whole thing is a bit more complex than it seems . 
  this makes me sad at so many levels ( lots of them unrelated to the catalan thing ) , that i 'm speechless ... 
  hey , carnivore has called . 
  he wants his news backs to the the 00 's !, 
  thank you !, 
  the biggest chunk is +45 . 
  if you are low-skilled , at that age is hard to drastically improve your education level . 
  you can go from construction to industry , but no further . 
  also i guess that nobody thinks beforehand that he is going to be unemployed for such a long time . 
  article in english http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/08/03/inenglish/1438585684_845207.html, 
  the kids are behaving like savages this summer , it must be the hot ... 
   that does n't mean your culture is better , it does n't mean it 's worse , it 's not racist or anything like that , it 's simply a statement of fact that some cultures are different and it 's purposeful not accidental . 
  that 's just the opposite that you argued initially . 
  your comment distills a sense of superiority more proper of a colonial period . 
  it also saddens me that people really feel entitled of their birth rights . 
  i guess that people who thinks in that way must also defend monarchies and aristocracy . 
  that has nothing to do with `` being proud of '' . 
   your ancestors have probably lived here for hundreds of years . 
  the genes you carry are of those who 've lived here for thousands of years . 
  entering quicksand territory here ... tying nationality with ethnicity ? 
  so a dutch that is of , say senegalese origin is less dutch ? 
  and a dutch scumbag ... is less so becausee his ancestors collectively thrived ? 
  it 's good anyway , it shows how fragile the roots of nationalism are . 
  i respect your opinion , but after reading and thinking a bit about the human history , mine is that current nations are pretty ephemereal , almost an instant into the human history , and probably doomed to extinction as the main form of social organization , like tribes were . 
  they served for a function , but now should evolve with modern values . 
  books that have shaped my point of view are * guns , germs and steel * , * before the dawn * and * sapiens : a brief history of humankind * . 
  i sincerely recommend them . 
  this should be the top comment ( hover over my flag ) . 
  it pissed the journalists , hence the fuss ... 
  hey , no mention of zaragoza 's major plans of changing the name of the main basketball pavilion of the city from `` prince felipe '' to `` jose luis abos '' ( a recently deceased couch ) . 
  i 'm offended ^ ( no i 'm not ) . 
  regarding of madrid 's streets name changes , i think that the proposed changes include some are some that are unequivocally inadecuate to maintain ( franco 's generals ) while others are completely unjustified to remove ( well regarded writers like pedro mu\u00f1oz seca ) . 
  the ikurri\u00f1a . 
  bilba\u00edno jokes are the best !, 
  i know that ac is rare in schools , but if that was the problem is easily fixable . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  most kids spend a good chunk of the summer in urban campuses , which are just like soft schools or with their grandparents who sometimes do n't have the energy to provide them the right intellectual and physical stimulation . 
  maybe a post evaluation period in june , with lighter classes , in which kids could work in their weaker areas or engage in non academic activities could be an improvement over the current state of affairs . 
  sorry if i offended you , but i have argued with you in the past and never have seen you retiring an argument , even when confronted ( from my point of view ) with conclusive evidence . 
  also , i have interpreted this thread a bit differently than you say , but whatever ... 
  i just tried to be funny , my apologies again . 
  i envy your perseverance . 
  after hours and hours of links of facts and calmly but persistently answering to every comment , you got a rectification from this guy . 
  * nope , apparently i was wrong about that . 
  * / u/aleixasv congratulations also to you aleixasv : * the admission of ignorance is the beginning of wisdom *, 
  if that 's your biggest gripe , let 's suppouse that classes are well climatized ( currently there is heating equipment for the winter ) . 
  now , what do you think , and why all those countries are doing it so wrong ? 
  they should be hired by some secret service to do it full-time . 
   i 'm not sure what you 're on about , saying only jxs\u00ed and cup `` believe '' it 's a plebiscitarian elections . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  i do n't want to enter the endless discussion about if they aren or are n't according to some definition . 
  legally there will be autonomic elections . 
  there are 2 parties which want to interpret it differently : jxs\u00ed and cup , while the other parties pubicly refuse that interpretation . 
  if your point is that secretly they do , just they do n't want admit it , that 's something i wo n't also argue about . 
  a quick review of spanish parties . 
  i 'll only review the most prominent ones i will use a 3 dimensional model ( yay ! ), 
  to evaluate every party , being the axes economic policy , social model and territoral model . 
  * pp [ popular party ] . 
  it 's the current ruling party . 
  it was founded by some francoist ministers ( the most progressive of them , which is not to say a lot ) . 
  they have governed spain from 1996-2004 and in 2011-2015 . 
  currently they are involved in uncountable corruption scandals . 
  * economic policy : liberal ( allegedly but they embrace nationalistic protectionism where they can ) . 
  * social model : very conservative . 
  they have opossed to divorce , abortion and homosexual marriage laws , but they have n't derogated any of them . 
  * territorial model : originally centralist , but since the current territorial model seems irreversible they have embraced it . 
  * psoe [ socialist and worker 's spanish party ] . 
  social democrats . 
  they have governed spain from 1982-1996 and 2004-2011 . 
  in the 90 's they had their fair share of corruption scandals . 
  they lost a lot of support due how they handled the crisis . 
  * economic policy : social democrat . 
  * social model : progressive . 
  they have promulgated the abortion , divorce and homosexual marriage laws . 
  one of the most critizised ones was the law against `` gender violence '' . 
  * territorial model : originally they defended the current , autonomies based , territorial model . 
  now they argue for transforming it in a true federal model , whatever it means . 
  * podemos [ we can ] . 
  a new party , born from the social movements that protested against the austerity measures and the political corruption . 
  its leader , pablo iglesias , became famous debate shows in tv . 
  they are allegedly a transversal movement but most of its members have been in left or far left organizations . 
  * economic policy : unknown . 
  originally anticapitalistic , but since they went up in the polls they claimed it to be `` nordic social democrat '' . 
  * social model : progressive . 
  * territorial model : federalised ( i guess ) . 
  they argue for including the right for self determination of territories in the constitution . 
  * ciudadanos [ citizens ] ( disclaimer , this is my preferred option by now ) . 
  they are a party born in catalonia in 2006 as a response to catalan nationalism and traditional spanish parties ( pp and psoe ) . 
  it claims to focus in the citizen rights in contrast to territories rights . 
  last year , after a failed alliance with another centrist party , they decided to concur to elections out of catalonia .
