  usa 's debt exceeds that threshold ... 
  it 's high , for sure , but at the end , the important thing is wether you will be able to repay it in the future . 
  borja is the spanish ( aragonese ) town where the creative `` restoration '' of the ecce homo happened . 
  members of a noble family from there settled in valencia and later in italy where they italianized their surname to borgia ... may be you have heard that surname before ... 
  so that 's how it feels being in the reprehending side . 
  the situation is critical . 
  there have been reported cases of * cookie-eating * . 
  just to clarify , what i call medium term is  1 month and < 1year  in fact i do n't even need a simcard at all , i can leave it at home and still use whatsapp . 
  you can , but sometimes whatsapp may ask to re-verify you number and if it 's at home you have a problem . 
   as long as there is some free wifi in a country i do n't see why you would need a local sim . 
  even if you do n't call anyone ( which i do ) , depending from wifi coverage defeats part of the purpose of having whatsapp in the first place . 
  you are in a bus ( without wifi ) , and your friends announce that they are going to a new pub . 
  you will miss the message until you reach the pub and ask for the wifi password ( which bartenders refuse to give if you do n't order something first ) . 
  no , it 's not . 
  they tried an hostile takeover in ... 
  2013 ? , when whatsapp started to enforce its trial periods . 
  there were some line [ tv ads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e6_agbthje ) featuring some teen celebrities ( hugo silva ? 
  ) , but soon whatsapp reverted their policy and that was it . 
  unless you have a dual-sim phone , i do n't think it 's a very wise strategy for medium term stays . 
  you will need the cellular data and voice that the spanish sim card provides . 
  yes , it has been in the news recently , that the fbi is already having problems with the new [ end-to-end encryption update ] ( https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/03/next-front-new-crypto-wars-whatsapp ) , but still lacks the privacy controls ala snapchat . 
  that 's understandable , but there are more secure and privacy aware alternatives like telegram or snapchat . 
  i thought germans would have preferred those . 
  we have reached the point that you can feel excluded if you do n't use the app . 
  as i said , it 's the preferred way of coordination among people : your child is invited to a birthday party ? 
  a group is created only for the event , where the present is discussed , the parents talk about sharing the car ride , etc. . . 
  i know people that was almost forced to use whatsapp if they did n't want to feel ostracized . 
  this is surprising , given that germans seem to be pretty concerned about privacy , and whatsapp has had pretty weak record in this regard . 
  it 's a derogatory way of referring to fascists or francoists ( who would n't call themselves fascists , and technically are n't ) . 
   why spanish fought so hard to keep bourbon monarchy in peninsular war as well . 
  nobody does . 
  i applaud your knowledge of spanish history , sir . 
   call them southerner thrash or fachas is a bit harsh no , it 's not a bit harsh . 
  it 's unacceptable and despective . 
  not really . 
  i have worked closely with some galician guys lately , but honestly politics was almost never part of the conversation . 
  there is a generalized rise of republicanism everywhere , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't think galicia is specially republican , specially if we accept the correlation pp voter -  monarchic or indifferent . 
  i see they have removed the ( light ) profanity from the queen 's messages . 
  she used the word * shit * a couple times ( one in french , * merde * , it sounds less bad that way , i guess ) . 
  `` drawn into banking scandal '' . 
  that 's a bit sensationalistic . 
  they are being supportive with a friend that has committed a bloodless crime . 
  it 's not pretty given their position , but it 's somewhat understandable . 
  the king is also much milder in their support , tbh . 
   republics in spain do n't end well . 
  nor monarchies ... 
   are there areas that are really against the bourbons , like for example catalonia ? 
  republicanism is specially strong in catalonia and basque country , yes , given independentism is strong in those areas and the monarchy represents the unity of the spain . 
  not always was like that . 
  when the princess cristina married with barcelona 's handball player i\u00f1aki urdangarin , lots of people hailed the couple in the streets . 
  they were pretty popular there since they lived in barcelona , he was a loved barcelona 's player and she `` worked '' in the catalan bank * la caixa * . 
  in the basque country the dislike for the monarchy has a way longer tradition , but at the same time is ironic because the castilian kings where the ones who had preserved the basque special laws called * fueros * . 
  in the xixth century a conservative , ultra-catholic and monarchic movement called * carlism * was prevalent in the basque country and navarre . 
  summer holidays . 
  one extra payment is in june and the other just before christmas . 
  and they can pay below minimum wage ? 
  damn !, 
  we do n't know how to save , so the companies do it for us . 
  that way we have some money for holidays and christmas . 
  it 's 618 according to [ this website ] ( http://www.datosmacro.com/smi/portugal ) ( in spanish ), 
  you say that because you are unemployed or part-time ? 
  remember it 's scaled to 12 payments instead of the usual 14 in spain . 
  not very surprising . 
  there are three big blocks : eastern europe , southern europe and the rest . 
  ca n't spain keep border controls even if the uk becomes schengen territory ? 
  i think so . 
  i guess you mean tax haven . 
  strictly is not , as least in the sense of the cayman islands , but definitely there is some fiscal engineering going on there . 
  i wonder what 's the common root of those variants . 
  the quixote reference puts it in the 1600s at least . 
  one that is not specific , but surprisingly so . 
  it has an almost equivalent one in english . 
  it 's this : * le dijo la sart\u00e9n al cazo : \u00a1 ap\u00e1rtate que me tiznas !, 
  * its an old saying can be traced to the quixote , and its pretty similar to the english : * the pot calling the kettle black * literally means : * the pan told the pot : go away or you will blacken me !, 
  i think that they are just more uniform . 
  imho , pablo iglesias has worked hard to make the pact impossible . 
  insulting and humiliating the guy you have to reach an agreement does n't seem a viable strategy . 
  yesterday he made it even worse , which was difficult . 
  he 's no fool , so probably is a tactical move . 
  we 'll see how it goes . 
  the english also screwed it up with their * counter armada * , only that they are far better at marketing . 
  that 's great because we 're selling !, 
  buy a bourbon king , get a [ king emeritus ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/yyscxsgbhqs/maxresdefault.jpg ) for free !!, 
  [ * ] [ * ] elephant not included, 
  they were very , very unlucky . 
  the gold started to depreciate ** exactly ** when they started to bring it in droves . 
  who da thunk ? 
  now that the black legend has been cited twice in this thread , i ca n't resist to comment about its origin . 
  there 's a single event which is the source of it , when antonio perez , secretary of philip ii , is pressed charges for treason , and escapes to aragon . 
  there , he asks for the protection of the * justicia de aragon * , a kind of judge to whom aragonese people could resort to in their conflicts with the king . 
  philip ii did n't take it with sportsmanship : sent an army to zaragoza , decapitated the judge ( who had gathered an army himself ) , and abolished the institution . 
  people tend to think that the austrias were always respecful with crown of aragon 's privileges and institutions , but as this episode show , it is n't true . 
  btw , the * justicia * asked for the help of catalans and valencians , but as it seems they were busy with something or already had plans or whatever ... antonio perez escaped alive again , this time to england , and there started to write shit about spain , which was of the liking of the audience . 
  surprise . 
  and that 's how the black legend started , kids . 
  edit : grammar . 
  better than borbons ( that 's easy ) . 
  under their rule ( i 'm thinking in charles v and phillip ii ) , the spanish empire reached their peak , but at the same time , the seeds of all our maladies were planted . 
  they focused on war and conquest instead of trade and production and a result the economy was shit and they defaulted several times .
