  how are they going to get their wages and pensions if banks are n't solvent ? 
  ca n't stand demagogues . 
  deposits put food on the table and medicines where there are needed . 
  i 'm sure that the person who wrote that has n't kids or people who depends on him . 
  i really hope that we wo n't see an humanitarian crisis in the next months in greece . 
  and with an humanitarian crisis i mean ** the whole ** country with rationing cards queuing to get food . 
  that 's my personal nightmare , i would hate to see that in europe. , and do n't believe is something unthinkable right now . 
  rajoy has said the same . 
  shame on them . 
  tsipras is the greek prime minister , pleases them or not . 
  that 's what i wish for , but i do n't think they will add enough seats . 
  tired of reading that nonsense . 
  ciudadanos is imposing important restrictions in their pacts . 
  to pact with pp for the government they would ask rajoy 's head and primaries , and that wo n't happen . 
  want to bet ? 
  of course . 
  they created it 9 years ago in catalonia just in case it became handy somehow ... las gilipolleces que hay que leer ... 
  most of the current problems of spain were already there ten years ago if you wanted to see them , but most of the people did n't care . 
  two parties were born by that time : upyd and ciudadanos . 
  he speaks galician too ... or so he says, 
  i was a teenager when chiquito de la calzada became famous . 
  i remember trying to pronunciate a sentence with perfect oxford accent with a motherfucker behind me whispering * ai can de more jarrrlll ... * ahhhh , those were the times ... 
  the pool is shrinking ... marry now !, 
  yes , almost guaranteed . 
  out of luck ... that does n't inspire a lot of confidence in the currency . 
  and in the change machine case , sure you may go to the ecb , but the `` evil greek '' now has 50 legit euros ... 
  i 'm sure that there are n't enough threads in the front page about the greek crisis that you guys needed to hijack this thread too ... 
  if esperanza aguirre asks for it , its sure that rajoy wo n't do it . 
   if you look at the notes , any one beginning in y is greek what if it 's already in my pocket ? 
  what if i use it in a change machine or something ? 
  could n't agree more . 
  comparing the 2nd republic to the current democracy ( with all their deficiencies ) or the army of 1936 with current one is absurd . 
   if they just started printing euros , the currency would become completely valueless and it would be the equivalent of an economic war in an attempt to debase the currency unilaterally . 
  that would be a suicide homicide . 
  almost makes sense as a threat given the current state of affairs . 
  the `` estelada '' is not a official flag , and never has been , despite being pretty old ( a century or so ) . 
  it 's intrisically tied to catalan independentism , and imitates the flags of countries that were spanish colonies and added a star when became independent ( like cuba ) . 
  the official flag of catalonia is the * senyera * or * se\u00f1a real * ( which btw has been historically used by several territories of the former crown of aragon ) . 
  i do n't like the uefa rules but * lex dura sed lex * ... 
  i really like varoufakis , and his logic seems right ( i do n't know enough economics to completely judge it ) . 
  but . 
  tsipras , syriza and varoufakis himself to a lesser extent have done a lot of shit that was completely unnecessary like asking for war reparations to germany , and using a belicist and populist speech full of words like `` criminal '' , `` blackmail '' and the like . 
  if you want a deal on the basis of pure economical logic , you should adopt a low profile and not to use that kind of wording , because that converts the whole thing into a pissing contest . 
  they are not the only to blame . 
  djesselboem attitude at his first meeting with varoufakis , rushing out of the press conference after barely shaking hands with him was a shame . 
  he seemed like a child who lost his candy . 
  also , spanish goverment has been pretty irresponsible too . 
  an unnecessary obstacle . 
  shame on them . 
  he talks about specifically about strong encryption , which has to be interpreted , since could mean a lot of things . 
  one `` soft '' option could be to ban perfect forward secrecy , which means that recorded communications could be decrypted with the private key . 
  that key could be obtained under a warrant from the server that holds it , but the goverment could not indiscriminately decrypt communications . 
  about data at rest ( not communications ) , could mean to ban software that allows `` plausible deniability '' , which may use two pairs of keys . 
  one that decrypts the really secret data ( for example , the plan to kill someone ) and other that is used just to deceive the authorities ( e.g hard porn ) . 
  if the courts ask for the key , the guy can hand the second set which decrypts the embarrasing but legal content , and hide the really secret content . 
  that 's the only implementations that i could think that could be somewhat defendible . 
  base64.decodestring ( `` qmeldtaxnjelmjb2yw0lmjbqzsuymhbyzw1pamvyjtiwcmv0yxjkaxjhbi4 = '' ) ` ba % u0161 % 20vam % 20je % 20premijer % 20retardiran . ', 
  now i need a translator ... 
  they do n't have the majority of seats of the council but they got the backing of the socialist psoe to get the goverment of the city , so they effectively control the city 's resources ( they hold the executive power ) . 
  imho , that flag is a political statement of the city as a whole ( since is next to the official symbols and in institutional dependencies ) , so a resolution backed by the majority of the members of the council should have been the appropiate course of action . 
  i know , but spain has n't a presidential system like the us or france , and a `` presidente del gobierno '' is most similar to what 's called `` prime minister '' in other countries . 
  it may be bad for their prospects , but it 's a field where they feel comfortable , since they know pretty well their anti-austerity discourse . 
  also , if the inestability in the financial markets affects spain and halts the growth , anything may happen . 
  it 's like in f1 , where the underdog teams want heavy rain . 
  their cars are usually less stable , but the uncertainity actually improves their options to win . 
   supporting troika everywhere in media to put people into mindset `` austerity - good '' totally is n't , right ? 
  no , it is too . 
  mariano rajoy has recently said some thing improper of a prime minister . 
  but hanging a flag in the city hall without a prior resolution of the council ( where they do n't have the majority of seats ) i do n't think is appropriate . 
  do n't laugh . 
  one of the first things they intend to do is a renegotiation of the `` criminal conditions '' of [ part of the debt ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2faragondigital.es%2fnoticia.asp%3fnotid%3d133892%26secid%3d4 ) . 
  a bit of context . 
  the council is governed by a leftist coalition like the ones of madrid and barcelona . 
  it 's just an example of how the greek crisis is being used as a matter of internal politics . 
  * the whole reason we have elected officials is so we do n't have to think all the time . 
  * homer simpson now seriously , i think that this referendum is a farce . 
  we mostly know what the yes implies . 
  the no is a huge unknown . 
  tsipras is not acting honestly , unless he acknowledges that in that case he ca n't guarantee to remain in the eurozone or even in the eu . 
  i think that podemos chances to win are vastly overstated . 
  under normal conditions they will be the 3rd most voted party , which means they can help to psoe 's candidate pedro sanchez to be the next prime minister , but nothing more . 
  actually , economic instability in these months may help them to get reach a better outcome . 
  sure , greece 's problems may convince a lot of people to not to vote them , but at the same time , what 's hapenning just fuels their rethoric . 
  it 's in nuanced , technical debates when they show their weaknesses an inexperience , but capitalism vs democracy ? 
  they know that script , they have played it for years ... 
   edit : sorry for an opinion ? 
  if you do n't like downvotes for opinions wait for downvotes for simple , verifiable , yet uncomfortable facts . 
   might just decide to not make any more preofit than say 450 thousand ( just to be safe ) how does a company cut its profit to avoid taxes ? 
  rejecting sales and deals ? 
  reinvesting in the company : buying new trucks , renewing their it infrastructure , opening new offices , etc. . . all of it is good for the economy as a whole . 
  ( that 's one option , the other is obviously to just commit tax fraud . ), 
  no , the canary islands have a lower vat called igic ( versus iva in the mainland ) . 
  not sure about the balear islands . 
   live and let live . 
  live and let ~ ~ live ~ ~ die, 
  i get what you say . 
  my grandmother loved bull fighting . 
  she was raised inmersed in the bull culture , and lived most of her life in a farm . 
  she had a spontaneous way of dealing with animals . 
  dogs and cats naturally obeyed and loved her , and at the same time , she could kill a hen without blinking an eye .
