  oh , come on , you ca n't be serious . 
  you know what i 'm going to say do n't you ? 
  what happened with hong kong ? 
  did the hong kong people wanted to be chinese ? 
  is china a better democracy than spain is ? 
  exactly . 
  you 'll get it when spain gets gibraltar . 
  deal ? 
  it 's not a no nor a yes , but a `` they ca n't return to morocco what never was moroccan '' . 
  ceuta has been spanish since spain exists , and ca n't compare what is n't comparable but apply the logic to every specific case . 
  btw , i do n't care if gibraltar or ceuta are spanish or not , but if you ask me , the treaty of utretch should be applied , so gibraltar and its bay are 100 % british . 
  if some day the uk resigns to its soverignity , it should be spanish again . 
  can we be honest ? 
  everyone its pushing its own agenda regardless the interests of people of gibraltar and its spanish neighbours . 
  this guy is from a catalan independent party , and he just want to fuck spain . 
  he could n't care less about gibraltar . 
  for the spanish goverment , gibraltar is also a handy scapegoat , no doubt about it ... but also there are legitimate issues with the rock , mainly that 's used for tax evasion and tobacco smuggling . 
  do n't know about the uk goverment , but i guess that this conflict it 's also handy for diverting attention . 
  returning ? 
  when ceuta and melilla where part of morocco ? 
   the only region in spain to do so foral law only applies to some specific civil issues ( inheritances and the like ) , and no , it 's not the only region in spain that keeps it . 
  [ do your research ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/derecho_civil_foral ), 
  two more people injured : the spanish language teacher and her daughter ( who was a classmate of the agressor ) . 
  another teacher heard the shouting and was shot with the crossbow , killing him . 
  the killer is under 14 , so is retained but as it seems , under spanish law he ca n't be arrested . 
  no , i think you are also over simplifying others ' beliefs . 
  few atheists think that most catholics believe in speaking snakes and the like . 
  the point is that , if you take the time to study , even at a basic level , evolution , physics , cognition , etc. . . 
  the idea of a paternal , human like god , starts to seem very implausible . 
  not impossible , but certainly not logical . 
  for example , the concept of soul . 
  something that it 's not the brain but preserves our conscience for god . 
  that contradicts what happens when we observe brain damage . 
  thousands of questions like that appear while you start to study some subjects ... 
  for the 1996-2000 period probably is n't far fetched . 
  in 2000-2004 they were definitely `` neocon '' . 
  i sincerely believe that nationality is an accident of birth , and i 'm having a hard time trying to distance myself from national and regional symbols ( is n't easy , i still want spain to win in sports ) . 
  exchanging a form of tribalism for another , only of bigger scope would n't be very wise . 
  so , no i do n't feel that being european it 's by itself a thing . 
  on the other hand , i strongly believe in the citizenship rights that modern democracies provide to individuals . 
  so i think that an european goverment who tries to level rights and standards of living across europe it 's a good thing . 
  i 'm curious ... 
  which kind of jobs do you get at fifteen that allow you to pay a rent ? 
  or is your parents who pay it ? 
  [ facts and figures on youth and children in the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6783798/1-16042015-ap-en.pdf/5d120b02-c8df-4181-9b27-2fe9ca3c9b6b ), 
  clever move . 
  while iu ( old-school communists ) refuse to go to the meeting , he uses the event to bring attention over himself , and tacitly imply that he 's not a threat to monarchy , or at least not to this king . 
  well , they sent the law to the constitutional court , and imho , they had a strong case , since the spanish constitution says literally : * el hombre y la mujer tienen derecho a contraer matrimonio con plena igualdad jur\u00eddica * or * man and woman had the right to get married with equal legal status * ( some is lost in the translation ) . 
  the sentence is open to interpretation , and luckily the court dismissed the recourse . 
  there are idiots everywhere . 
  do n't feel embarrased at all . 
  i posted this because some other spainiards were attacked in a bus in manchester ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpwdm8zfz_c ) , and i wondered if this is becoming a trend , and what the motivations could be . 
  the 11m thing it 's the most famous , and has been discussed before . 
  also related with eta . 
  the fire of the corona hotel in zaragoza which killed 80 people was n't and accident but a terrorist attack that went out of hand . 
  suarez , who was the prime minister by then , hide it because lots of the killed were kin of high officers of the army , and he was afraid that it would trigger a coup d'etat . 
  something which finally happened anyway the 23 of february of 1981 . 
  murder or accident , what 's undeniable is that he killed his younger brother . 
  it 's said that their father forced juan carlos to swear over the bible that was unintentional ... 
  and they go half naked by those cities ... ? 
  [ drunk brits ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/04/12/article-1375785-0b97b6b400000578-512_634x522.jpg ), 
  speaking as a true aragonese , no please . 
  we do still exist . 
  with `` doing a syriza '' i mean the belief that just threatening with not paying the debt is enough to make the other side shit their pants as if doing so were harmless to oneself . 
  a bad joke , i admit , but the analogy holds . 
  so the plan is doing a syriza ... 
  great !!, 
  rajoy will play the merkel role , who will play the varoufakis one ? 
  you are unwillingly confirming what i said . 
  catalanopobia is almost non-existant , much less that you would believe . 
  carme chacon did n't have enough support inside the party , that 's all . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that she is catalan . 
  no , you do n't understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  what i ** believe ** and it 's a very personal opinion is that the spanish goverment has the upper hand if the generalitat declares the independence . 
  it has the financial and legal tools and the legitimacy according spansih an international law to prevail in that situation . 
  take any example you may think of . 
  * all the money for the retired , the unemployed , etc. . . it 's in the hands of the spanish state . 
  * the banks are controlled by spanish institutions , so may block the generalitat funds with a court order . 
  * spain has access to international debt markets . 
  * catalan companies need to pay the vat to spanish tax office in order to be allowed to export its products ... of course , it would be an instant economic disaster for everyone in catalonia and the rest of spain , but in the long run , it could work , if the popular support is big enough ( which i am not sure it is ) . 
  but that 's why i say that you can have independence or welfare , but not both ... unless reach an agreement with the spanish goverment . 
  and that is perfectly possible , but takes decades , not the 3 years since this madness started . 
  on the contrary , a catalan spanish prime minister would cancel lot of the pro-indepence propaganda which is mostly of sentimental nature . 
  there has n't been one since pi i margall in the late xix , probably because of nationalism itself . 
  the latest one with any chance was borrell , but his own party screwed him in favor of joaquin almunia ( who is basque ) . 
  i do n't think that catalonia can get its independence without an agreement with the goverment of spain . 
  not without risking the welfare of their citizens ( and everyone else ) i mean . 
  they could declare independence tomorrow if do n't care about that . 
  i may be proven wrong . 
  because a terrorist could just threaten or torture to the person who knows the code . 
  i find that a much more probable scenario than a pilot willingly crashing the plane . 
  i do n't think it 's realistic to expect that those screening tests are capable of completely avoiding these kind of things . 
  it 's not like taking a ct scan and say `` i 'm cancer free '' . 
  in my little understanding regarding flying security measures , it should be implemented that rule that avoids leaving a pilot alone at the cockpit . 
  that forces to the murderer ( the pilot or the member of the crew ) to kill someone in a coldblooded and probably violent way , instead of just crashing the plane which is much more indirect and impersonal . 
  what that guy said , according the text you are linking to it 's not about a laid-off worker but about a worker who willingly leaves the company ( and in a rethoric question i would add ) . 
  * my opinion here it 's that the `` cost of firing '' that you are referring to is already being paid indirectly by the workers . 
  in their productivity if the company `` saves '' the money to layoff a worker in advance or in collective insurace ( fogasa ) if do n't and has to default . 
  what garicano ( ciudadanos ) proposes it 's the `` austrian backpack '' , which makes that cost explicit ( for the company ) so the worker does n't lose it when willingly leaves a company . 
  that encourages labor mobility and salaries rise , since companies now have to compete for human resources , and probably also productivity .
