  it 's still unknown who will be in it ( a transitional one has been formed , but it 's not the definitive ) . 
  this second committee will have to decide which is the position of the party regarding rajoy 's investiture . 
  presumably , they will decide to end the veto and will set the terms of the negotiation . 
  edit : i correct myself , there will be just one committee , only that it will incorporate more members on the next months . 
  but it 's the current one which will have to decide about the investiture . 
  he never was the leader of the party , only the pm candidate . 
  spot on . 
  he never has been part of psoe 's establishment . 
  on the contrary he defeated almunia in the first primaries of a spanish party ever . 
  after being forced to resign , not completely unlike sanchez , he left spanish politics and reached the head of the european parliament . 
  he also has been a minister , and his academic resume is also stellar , while new leaders have never had executive power or an remarkable career . 
  his ethics have never been questioned and he even resigned from psoe 's candidacy for something one of his subordinates had done , arguing that he failed to meet his * in vigilando * obligations ( that was n't the true reason but still it 's hard to see any spanish politician resign ) . 
  in summary , i could n't disagree more . 
  he 's intellectually head and shoulders over the current parties ' leaders . 
  being old does n't mean someone is useless , if that 's your concern . 
  they still govern several regions , and can rebuild the party from that . 
  they are n't going anywhere still . 
  if i were at charge of the party now , i would ask rajoy 's head in exchange of the abstention , this is the only middle ground achievable now to keep the party together . 
  rajoy wo n't accept but now it 's possible to deflect the blame on him , and they are entitled to ask for it since sanchez has resigned . 
  then i would choose a party leader ( susana if she pleases ) and a candidate for the third elections . 
  i would choose borrell because he is well respected and old , so not a threat for susana in the long run , and i think he could do well in the third elections . 
  heck , i wanted to vote him in the year 2000 , i would definitely do it now . 
  the situation is trickier than it seems ... asking for rajoy 's head in exchange of the abstention could be the only position that could keep all psoe 's factions relatively happy . 
  now sanchez is out of the picture , the blame could deflect into rajoy . 
  there is still game to be played . 
  she is not a mp so it would be an horrible election given she could n't act as the leader of the opposition ... well , because that and because she 's unanimously despised by everyone outside andalusia . 
  imho her only electoral virtue is ... being a woman . 
  some people might stop paying taxes ... but probably those who were n't paying much to start with . 
  have you analyzed your threats ? 
  are you aware that income tax and social security are paid directly by companies to the state and only regularized once a year ? 
  if you want to rebel but your company does n't you are out of luck . 
  and companies also need a spanish fiscal tax number to sell in europe , they ca n't bid to public contracts if the owe money to the tax agency , may get their fund freezed our seized by court orders ( spanish banks ) . . the catalan government does n't even have taxpayer data !, 
  and collecting taxes is a humongous task , you ca n't expect to do it right overnight . 
  and i have n't even started with social security . 
  read the independence whitepaper , veiledly admits the mission is impossible without spain 's acquiescence . 
  but whatever . 
  so what ? 
  may be he changed his mind ... that 's a lame argument . 
  he also said he would never abstain during the elections and the federal comitee backed that position in july . 
  he has made mistakes but that 's not one of those . 
  * if you wait by the river long enough , the bodies of your enemies will float by . 
  * i can imagine rajoy smoking a cigar in his desk half smiling and thinking * i knew all this thing would solve itself ... it 's too bad the holidays are next to its end *, 
  this is so funny . 
  the catalan president has announced another independence referendum for the next year ... and that has had secondary coverage on spanish newspapers covers !!, 
  ( tbh , there is one ~ ~ any other ~ ~ almost every year ) . 
  as for the thing itself , i do n't understand the outrage . 
  they are playing along their party 's rules , or so they say . 
  it 's up to all of them to agree in who is right . 
  i could n't be less bothered . 
  the problem is in track of solving itself anyway , there wo n't be any psoe voters if this keeps going on for a while . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_r8o1jhzwa&amp;t=2m9s ), 
  galicia , it 's so succesful that they have even annexed the rest of the country . 
  ok , i parsed that sentence in a different way , hence my confusion . 
  i do n't think pp is exactly sad today , but whatever . 
   so it 's half banter and half showing my contempt for those lads i would call that provocative . 
   i wish i could say the same about someone crying blue tears , maybe next time . 
  who are you referring to ? 
  is that directed to me ? 
  ( honest question ) . 
  i know your intention is merely provocative , but for those interested in actual converstation : i think this results show how weak ciudadanos is at the regional level in most places . 
  if they had managed to seal a deal with upyd , their outcome at the national level would be probably worse , rosa diez would have wanted to keep a relevant role in the coalition , but they would have benefited from the structure of a party which had grown organically for some years and had competents teams in place . 
  not that it was their fault , though . 
  the contrast of these regional results with the nation-wide election ones held just 4 months ago is staggering : * pnv : 37 % regional 24 % national * bildu : 21 % regional 13 % national * podemos : 14 % regional 29 % national * pp : 10 % regional 12 % national * psoe : 12 % regional 14 % national, 
   most people agree a human exists at least starting from birth . 
  may be i 'm nitpicking , but i do n't think that 's true . 
  if there is some middle ground among those who think abortion is acceptable under some circumstances , i think it would be at the point in which the baby may live by itself . 
  that is , around the twenty-something week , probably even earlier ( 16 weeks is a common limit if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  sophisticated backdoors are very-difficult to impossible to detect without the source code . 
  they can be so subtle as leaking part the state of the cprng , which for an observer it would seem like completely random bits . 
  even with the source code [ they may go undetected for years ] ( https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2015/12/22/on-juniper-backdoor/ ) . 
  we will only accept it if it 's accompanied by the rest of [ new spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_spain#/media/file:map_of_the_viceroyalty_of_new_spain.svg ) . 
  deal ? 
  it 's an [ aesop fable ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_mountain_in_labour ), 
  thank you . 
  the sentence did n't feel right , but i did n't know how to reproduce the spanish * o bien ... o bien * which is more emphatic than a simple or . 
  i guess the best aproximation would be the * either ... or * which / u/areshian suggests ( not bad for a college dropout :-), 
  in spain , or you are a high school dropout or you have a masters . 
  there is little in between . 
  because is the one which captures most of the variance ( the most representative of general performance ) ? 
  just guessing ... 
  copyright infringement is one of the lesser illegal things that can be done with an open to the public internet connection . 
  someone could use to upload/distribute cp , stalk someone , etc. . . and this ruling says nothing about that . 
  if i were one of those business which provide free wifi ( like 99 % of pubs in spain ) , i would invest a bit on captive portal software which requires , at the very least a facebook/google/twitter login ... but i 'm a geek , and probably this is far from the awareness of the average pub owner . 
  something is going on that we do n't know about . 
  if you know you are going to exceed your allowed hours mid-journey , you do n't actually start it and leave the passengers in the middle of nowhere . 
  and if you do , you stop in the last station before reaching the limit or in the first after . 
  it makes no sense . 
  edit : ok , obviously he stopped in a station . 
  i did n't read the whole thing . 
  he 's working , and should be paid for that time ( somehow ) , but his ~ ~ tacograph ~ ~ tachograph is out of the vehicle and counts as rest time , so he is n't violating any traffic law ( may be labour law ) . 
  yes , they go on strike frequently . 
  i 'm speechless . 
  do people really pay for watching freely broadcasted tv ? 
  i mean , since i guess there is n't a tax for every tv sold , people has to voluntarily register to pay it . 
  do people actually do that ? 
   why should the bbc iplayer be available for free to the eu , when the people of the uk pay $ 170 every year for the service ? 
  where does the 170 $ figure comes from ? 
  honest question . 
  you could watch shows from other countries too .
