  they formed aggrupations in all spain in record time , which means that lots of their candidates are pretty bad . 
  * economic policy : liberal ( allegedly since they have n't governed anywhere ) * social model : progressive . 
  they have opened some interesting debates about drug decriminalization and prostitution legallization . 
  * territorial model : federalist , but they critics say that 's centralist , since argue for a tight control of the states finances . 
  those are mostly the old school communists . 
  they were the ones who more strongly fought the dictatorship , but after it could n't capitalize those sacrifices . 
  * economic policy : anticapitalistic in theory , we do n't know what they would apply in practice . 
  * social model : progressive . 
  * territorial model : federalist since the start . 
  * pnv [ basque nationalistic party ] originally an ethnic-based and ultracatholic party , now it 's a much more moderate right wing party . 
  they strived strongly for independence a decade ago , but now , without explicitelly renouncing to it , they focus more on using and preserving basque territories historical rights . 
  * economic policy : liberal inside the basque country , but protectionist with the outside . 
  * social model : moderately conservative . 
  * territorial model : they do n't care , as long it preserves their rights . 
  * catalan nationalistic parties . 
  just now they are a mess , and a category on their own . 
  look into other posts for information . 
   c 's - they do agree it 's a plebiscitarian elections , also in favour of the no . 
  no they do n't . 
  only jxs\u00ed and cup believe that . 
  you forgot that udc also concurs to the next elections and they are n't strictly against independence , just believe in getting it through legal means . 
  they also argue for intermediate solutions like a confederation with the rest of spain . 
   so ... that 's pretty much it , i guess . 
  if you have any questions , do ask !, 
  i tried to make it as impartial as possible , but i 'm sure there 's a bit of bias there . 
  definitely there is , but at least you tried . 
  if you ask me your bias is more evident in c 's and cup . 
  it was a safe bet ... 
  that 's how i read it at first ... 
   also , spain is n't exactly known for having great respect for the different cultures that live within it . 
  which is sad , because modern spain it should . 
  i want to see a movie of this . ^ ( from an american director , please ... ), 
  do you feel shame for things that a single individual , unknown to you , has done ? 
  just because he owns a passport like yours ? 
  i can understand some shame from goverment decissions , but come on . 
  probably they got those ideas reading / r/europe ... 
  this one from the 23 of february coup attempt is pretty famous : http://ep00.epimg.net/cultura/imagenes/2014/02/23/television/1393185565_455834_1393185747_noticia_normal.jpg, 
  he 's probably referring to civil engineering . 
  did your washer cost 600m $ ? 
  the solidarity with charlie hebdo does n't mean that satire is free of criticism or that nobody may feel insulted by it . 
  it 's just that 's not ok to answer to it with guns . 
   you can leave easy cheese sitting out for years and it will be the same as it was when you bought it . 
  is that a compliment ? 
  it 's a nice theory , and romantic ( us versus them ) but very far from the truth . 
  companies profits have plummeted and lots of them have defaulted , and public banks have been bailed out to prevent them defaulting . 
  commercial banks have had better results but still have suffered worse delinquency rates and less profits . 
  so no , i.m sorry . 
  things are pretty fucked up but there is not a conspiracy . 
  our politicians were corrupt and inept , but despite the warnings `` we '' continued voting them . 
  so now we are suffering the consequences . 
  as an appetizer , just cut it in triangles ( more properly in sectors ) , and eat it with a red wine . 
  alone or with bread , is up to you . 
  as a dessert you can eat it with honey , marmalade , or * dulce de membrillo * . 
  also with some nuts . 
   if you have n't tried it go buy some now !, 
  i 'll do !, 
  the catch is that the quality is probably crappy . 
  it 's newsworthy because spain has reached the forecasted rise in employment for the whole year in just 2 quarters . 
  i think that the push you refer to is in june , and its counted . 
  q2 good , q3 bad iirc . 
  spanish cheese that i recommend : [ idiazabal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idiazabal_cheese ) ( smoked flavour ) , [ manchego ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manchego ) ( pretty famous ) and [ torta del casar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torta_del_casar ) , all made from sheep milk . 
  the last one is the more a cream than a traditional cheese , and i think the most expensive one . 
  cabrales is also pretty popular , but i do n't like `` blue cheeses '' . 
  the foreign cheeses that i usually buy are masdaam and gouda . 
  this is n't probably the right place to discuss such a complex topic and completely explain our positions . 
  also probably neither of us has the time to it ( also , writing in english makes thing a is a bit harder for myself ) . 
  but i 'll try to give you a small view of my take on nationalism , so i hope you understand me i a bit better . 
  nations does n't naturally exist , in contrast to individuals , nor are precisely defined in contrast to states . 
  they are just a human concept , a bit fuzzy and without defined boundaries , that groups people and gives those a sense of purpose . 
  it 's a glorified modern form of tribe that it 's not based in family ties . 
  modern societies , imho , should focus on individual liberties and rights and nations does n't help in improving those . 
  the state should make the rules ( laws ) needed to guarantee convivency , and then allow to every person to live its life how he pleases , without encouraging or promoting any way of life over any other . 
  not doing so effectively diminishes the individual 's freedom . 
  ethnic nationalism is obviously worse , since is racism plain and simple , but civic nationalism is also bad . 
  it 's a pretty dress to make nationalism bearable in the xxith century . 
  who has to judge you ? 
  certainly not the state , unless you broke the law , and in that case your culture is irrelevant . 
  citizenship is what defines your rights and obligations , nothing more and nothing less . 
  live your life how you please , within that boundaries . 
  may be you argue that everybody should have the same rights everywhere , and just exist effectively one citizenship . 
  i may have some simpathy for that idea , but i think it 's still too far away . 
  i was replying to someone who argues for culturla homogeneity inside a country , go figure . 
   count me out then . 
  nationalism is on the rise , i know . 
  fortunately it is n't a death sentence . 
  a couple of spanish journalist were in the hands of daesh and [ were freed after 6 months ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/30/spanish-journalists-javier-espinosa-ricardo-villanova-garcia-freed-syria ) . 
  let 's be optimistic . 
  i 'm horrified that you are so upvoted . 
  modern democracies are about citizenship and rights , not about culture , religion or ancestry . 
  still you can oppose inmigration , but those arguments are just wrong . 
  so just bribe one the factions to sink the boats . 
  problem solved . 
  our hands are clean , and no sovereignity is violated . 
  as a sort of public service , i will ask what most spainiards would actually ask . 
  why , just why did you hire iker casillas ? 
  do n't you know he is useless now ? 
  it was because his wife ? 
  not a football fan myself , but someone had to do it . 
  i do n't buy drugs , but thanks anyway ^ ( well , at least in the last 15 years ), 
  it 's impossible to make a step in rua do comer\u00e7o without being offered pot .
