  basques maybe , but what about neardentals ? 
  this is good for real madrid . 
  better this than being defeated in the final by barcelona ... yeah , they could have won , but i would say that chances are 70 % -30 % in barcelona 's favor . 
  i also think that the juve has a very slim chance . 
  probably because results are easier to compare . 
  translating math problems is easy . 
  an essay to test reading comprehension ... not so much . 
  update : and also maybe because these results correlate well with the rest of the subjects ( capture most of the variance ) . 
  this reminds me of aznar . 
  he had a pretty decent first mandate . 
  the country was just in the middle of a long crisis , but somehow the economy improved greatly in those years . 
  he had to make deals with catalan and basque nationalists since needed their votes in the congress , so those fronts were relatively quiet , and even eta declared a truce for some time . 
  what happened ? 
  people voted him * en masse * , so he got absolute majority in his second mandate . 
  he dropped his mask and his second mandate was truly horrendous ... 
  the rankings are great for the nationality dick contest that is this thread , but i would like to see the scores and the distributions ( are they all normal ? 
  spread ? ) . 
  probably lots of countries are `` clustered '' and the differences among them are statistically irrelevant . 
  pnv is pretty right for my taste . 
  its origins are definitely ~ ~ racist ~ ~ ethnic and ultra catholic . 
  definitely not less `` rightist '' than the pp . 
   you want to make merkel responsible for everything ? 
  is n't she already ? 
  the joke is pretty bad , but let 's explore what would happen with a german on board ... 
  the german starts to pour water out of the boat . 
  the french sees it and starts to do the same , but insists that was actually his idea . 
  he 's very vocal about it , but nobody cares . 
  the portuguese and the spanish are to lazy to bail out the water for themselves , but after the german put their heads into the water for a while they start to do it furiously . 
  and the brit ... well he sees all of this and does the only sensible thing : starts to throw water * into * the boat . 
  nationality jokes , there 's no one good . 
   none of them thought to bail out water either ? 
  there were no germans on board to tell them what to do ... 
  i 'm mad at politicians jumping into the last fad in the pre-electoral period . 
  look that photo , they look ridicolous . 
  well , i thought that echenique had an oportunity . 
  aragon historically has voted to psoe , but the currrent candidate ( lamban ) has zero charisma , and there are some shadows over him since he knew about a corruption case ( plaza ) and did n't do anything . 
  on the contrary , echenique has charisma , is well known since was elected as a europarlamentary , and is somewhat opossed to pablo iglesias , which lot of people simply hate . 
  also , pp has n't done a great job this years . 
  they have failed to met the deficit goals , which was their main objective , and the public services , specially healthcare , have objectivelly gone to worse . 
  but the polls does n't show anything of that . 
  over 67 seats this is what predict : pp 23-24 , psoe 17 , podemos 9 , c 's 8-9 , par 4 , iu 3 , cha 2 . 
  so , i do n't know . 
  hey , i have actually to vote to one of those idiots !, 
  now i 'm depressed ... 
  `` manage our own things '' . 
  that 's not the root of the problem . 
  the real problem is that , under every point of view you want to take , euskadi and navarra underpays for the services that state provides , and avoid to finance the fiscal tranfers that are needed in other parts of spain . 
  do we agree about this ? 
  i consider myself a non-nationalist person , so i would acknowledge that it 's somewhat arbitrary to say that the money should go to andalousia and not to regions in greece or romania , but the basques who want to remain in spain should believe that every spainiard should have equal access to some very basic rights : healthcare , education , social subsidies , etc. . . that only are possible through fiscal transfers from richer regions to poorer ones . 
  expensive for the user and outrageously expensive for the taxpayer . 
  i 'm not an economist but i have never seen projected gdp rates computed that way ( using compound interest formulas ) . 
  would make harder to compare q1 with q4 , for example ... is it standard practice ? 
  they do but given the incubation time of some diseases there is still some risk . 
  immates or drug addicts ' blood is considered also risky and rejected ... most of the time, 
  it 's ok if you personally do n't care , but people who are creationist tend to oppose to it being taught at schools , some very strongly . 
  evolution is a scientific truth , and if it goes against someone 's beliefs it 's his/her problem . 
  whales ? 
  aivalahostia patxi they are n't sardines !, 
  note to self : bilbaino jokes do n't translate well . 
  feel free to downvote . 
  iirc a code review was performed and nothing was found . 
  professional code audits are n't cheap , that is something the eu could also fund . 
  openbsd it 's a great operating system for powering network equipment ( routing devices , firewalls , dmz hosts ... ) , and given the rumours about backdoors present in cisco and huawei gear , it would be wise to push its adoption into the eu . 
  also , the openbsd project it 's always in desperate need of funding . 
  ukip only would get three seats ? 
  so much noise in the media and in this forum and they are pretty much irrelevant ? 
   though , the spanish bureaucracy has put more spokes in the wheel than the italian one . 
  sorry to hear that . 
  someday we will close the wounds properly ... when no one who cared will be alive . 
  pretty sad . 
   spanish empire was a great thing unlike other colonial empires , especially the british which was as bad as the nazis . 
  i think that 's an overstatement . 
  there is consensus that it was pretty bad , but may be not as bad as the english/american colonialism since the natives are still the majority of the population in present day latin-america , something is n't true for usa and canada . 
  i 'm not saying that 's what i believe , just what i think it 's what most people believe . 
  well , it 's the best known because picasso , but i do n't think they were the first bombings against civilians of the civil war . 
  according to wikipedia , madrid was the first . 
  and there were others pretty well known like belchite ( zaragoza ) or barcelona . 
  the barcelona one is still being investigated and only five days ago , [ an italian pilot of 101 years was inquired about these bombings ] ( http://cadenaser.com/emisora/2015/04/24/radio_barcelona/1429883471_849646.html ), 
  when you are on survival mode you do n't kill yourself . 
  that s rule # 1, 
  birds are dinosaurs . 
  yes . 
  3000 years ? 
  of course not , spain exists since the jurassic era ... you did n't read the article , did you ? 
  spain ! = castile, 
  my interactions with the police had been very limited , but the guardia civil always has been very polite and correct , even when sanctioning me for speeding . 
  i ca n't speak bad of national police , neither . 
  anecdotes , i know , but they are the [ best valued institutions in spain ] ( http://www.elconfidencial.com/ultima-hora-en-vivo/2013/05/policia-guardia-civil-instituciones-valoradas-ultimos-20130503-138378.html ) admitedly , some of their actions have been incredibly stupid and barbaric . 
  they should carry cameras themselves . 
  fortunately , this law is doomed . 
  in less than a year will be derogated ... well , i hope . 
  it 's a very dangerous thing , some monarch in the future could decide not to sign a law , and the consecuences would be very serious ; an institutional crisis for sure . 
  juan carlos i did n't want to sign the abortion laws , as the belgian king avoid to do , but he had to since there he had no option . 
  partially superseded for sure . 
  i do n't know which treaties would supersede the return of soverignity part . 
  i would love to be enlightened about it , but i 'm being downvoted to hell in this thread , while i have been trying to keep a civil discussion , so maybe next time . 
  exactly . 
  as i said , the current spanish goverment uses gibraltar as scapegoat , but there are legitimate issues that should be sorted out . 
  you knew i was going to talk about honk kong . 
  if you accept that `` loan '' , you have to accept the treaty of utrecht so gibraltar has to be british or spanish , never independent .
