  and it would n't endanger calatan , as some people argue . 
  the basque system is pretty good btw . 
  parents have 3 choices ( percentages are approximate ) , 90 % basque -10 % spanish , 50-50 , and 10-90 . 
  this system allowed your parents , who spoke spanish to you at home , to choose a model of full immersion , so now you are proficient at basque . 
  do n't you think that a catalan speaking couple could reach a similar conclusion ? . 
  your grandparents could n't choose , and that was unarguabily bad . 
  how is this compulsory `` immersion '' that different ? 
  even if demand is n't as low as you say , and this system could put pressure on catalan , remove the 3rd option and allow 2 itineraries , 90 ( catalan ) -10 and 50-50 . 
  that would end a debate that is used as a weapon by politicians of both sides , and that 's a non-issue in galicia , euskadi , etc. . . do n't you really see any merit in any of these solutions ? 
  i think he 's referring to roads and train connections suitable for commerce . 
  there was a train connection between aragon and france ( canfranc ) but is n't used since the 70s . 
  as it seems , it was n't profitable for the french side . 
  historically aragonese people have demanded investments to reopen that line , but catalan and basque representatives have blocked that aspiration , and france was n't too interested . 
  there is an initiative called `` central crossing of the pyrinees '' that hopes to improve this , but i would n't hold my breath ... 
   the french basques are struggling to keep the language and culture alive , demanding financial help to establish basque schools and basque cultural events , and always being denied by the french government . 
  but ironically , french basques would n't jeer the marsellaise . 
  spain is much better , in your own words , and get much more hate . 
  and , btw , using public money to give services in a foreign country is a crime under most legislations , and i should n't have to argue a lot about why , should i ? 
  private donations are perfectly ok . 
   the spain of 2015 may also have been disrespectful with catalunya . 
  there was absolutely no need to change an educational system that works , with its students having a good level of spanish after leaving school , only for political reasons . 
  what i do n't understand what do you find offensive about giving parents ** the choice ** of scholarizing their children in spanish , or at least with a decent amount of classes in spanish ( like 50 % ) . 
  some people ( like public servants or militar personnel ) are in catalonia just for some years in their lifes . 
  note that has n't still been enforced , and you believe that 's enough motive to be disrespectful with spanish national symbols . 
  so you can choose . 
  in catalonia you ca n't , everything is taught in catalan except spanish language class . 
  edit : i accept downvotes with sportmanship , but this comment is purely factual . 
  is it false what i 'm saying ? 
   the towns are completely different , the sensations you have in each are completely different . 
  i feel that too at some level , but i do n't feel `` foreign '' . 
  i was n't denying that people does n't feel spanish , i just was wondering if there are objective reasons for that . 
  as it seems , it was n't a good comment since is being downvoted . 
   if you mean a civil war i doubt we would see such a drastic scenario . 
  of course , i do n't think a civil war its possible , but i would n't rule out some kind of violence in the streets at some point , even after an hypotetical independence . 
  a society fragmented in a half is dangerous , i 'm sure some compromise that satisfies the majority is possible . 
   so because he killed other people the `` no hay espa\u00f1oles fuera de espa\u00f1a '' policy to arrest the exiled spaniards in nazi-occupied france has nothing to do with the regime ? 
  with the regime yes , but not with the spain of 2015 . 
   full welsh education i 'm honestly curious . 
  in wales all the education is in welsh ? 
   important to note that catalonia and the basque country have very distinct cultures and their own languages as well . 
  well , i do n't agree with that . 
  first of all , cultural differences are at its minimum . 
  i do n't think i should argue a lot about that , here we are an aragonese and a basque talking in english in a europe wide forum . 
  globalization and the internet have ~ ~ erosionated ~ ~ eroded lots of cultural barriers . 
  probably hollywood movies have shaped more our views than any other cultural representation . 
  i 've met a lot of basques , and i do n't see them more foreign that galizian or asturians . 
  i do n't believe that there are more differences between an catalan and a extremenan than between a valencian and a canarian neither obviusly if you want to focus about differences , you will find them . 
  if you would want to focus about similarities you would find lots of them too . 
  about the language . 
  there are regions like galiza and valencia with their own languages , and independentism is very weak . 
  it 's true that basque is special because it 's not a romance language , but i do n't see why it should matter . 
  so , that ca n't be the reason for strong nationalism in those reasons . 
  my opinion is that those movements were born in the xixth century when ~ ~ they ~ ~ nationalisms were popular in europe , and they have just survived . 
  edit : some grammatical changes . 
  franco killed lots of people , catalan and not . 
  is franco representative of whole spain ? 
  nobody in catalonia supported franco ? 
  agree . 
  agree . 
  so do you think that the president of the republic of spain would get better treatment ? 
  ( hint : no he would n't ), 
   either have been born in one of the basque territories well , `` being born '' defined loosely sometimes . 
  as the joke says , bilbao people are born where they want :-), 
  it 's a bit sad , but it 's protected by freedom of speech , at least in spain ( probably it would be a crime in other countries ) , as a court already stated years ago . 
  but , while i do n't like national symbols of any kind ( they could also shit in a spanish flag and would n't blink an eye ) and this does n't affect me at a personal level , i believe it 's a big mistake . 
  one of unpredictable consequences . 
  the fact that some politicians are even promoting this kind of behaviours show how irresponsible and short sighted they can be . 
  a lot of people are deeply hurt in their sentiments right now and feel a mix of rage and hate . 
  those are dangerous feelings and someday all of us could point to these events about `` how this madness started '' . 
  while catalan independentism has been essentially non violent , and i ca n't praise it enough for that , this also constitutes a form of violence . 
  i do n't want to enter in an argument about who started the provocations , as someone surely is going to do right now . 
  as i said , i personally try to be `` post-nationalist '' and wo n't identify myself with the spanish nationalist side . 
  but i appeal to everyone who has a take in this issue ( myself included ) to keep things civil as much as they can , and not spread more rage and hate , and try to calm those of `` their side '' who lose manners , in this forum and in `` real life '' . 
  as someone write , i would n't like to see catalonia seceded from spain , but i would hate much , much more to see barcelona converted in donbass . 
  not true . 
  well known self defined leftists like serrat and sabina like bullfighting . 
  it 's true that it 's not a national pride , but a national shame , though . 
  ironically they could force a renovation in the popular party that in the end could boost their options in next elections . 
  it 's going to be really interesting what happens in madrid 's regional parlament . 
  only aguirre has the power to make the changes that ciudadanos demands , but that would mean the end of that power . 
  at the same time , she has said that she would do anything to avoid podemos reach any goverment , which almost literally puts her `` between a rock and a hard place '' . 
  they are n't to the right of british labourists or french socialists . 
  somehow this makes you `` right wing '' in spain . 
  did you see it ? 
  they smelled the blood and came like hyenas !!, 
  your username , how appropiate . 
   they 've lost their identity pretty much , all of those regions , especially aragon , i 'm having a hard time not taking that as an insult . 
  you can retain your identity while being part of something bigger , as the spain or the eu ... 
  i do n't know why i 'm feeding the troll . 
  well done , i bit . 
  i do n't think so . 
  sefardi jews have conserved their traditions included a kind of spanish called ladino and recorded their genealogical tree . 
  i doubt that moriscos could say the same . 
   you stated that is that way because low interest rate . 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  low interest rates , low guarantees ( 100 % was financed happily ) are the result of the law . 
  but you are pressing me to justify why the law it 's like it is , and it 's fine :-) sincerely i did n't know . 
  i 'm researching it right now . 
  mortgage law references article 1911 of spanish civil code ( from 1889 , still applies ) . 
  do n't know the rationale behind it , honestly .
