  but his letters to king philip are fun . 
  well , the people who started podemos : iglesias , errejon , monedero ... all of them were militants of iu . 
  in fact they were electoral counselors of the party during the elections of 2011 . 
  they have argued that the old communist farts did n't follow their suggestions and got mad when those celebrated getting 11 seats during one of the worst economic crisis . 
  they thought that the conditions were ideal for their message and that outcome was awful . 
  a bit later , iglesias started assisting to political tv shows ( yes that 's a genre now ) and started gaining momentum thanks to his combative discourse . 
  they created a new party , podemos , to see where they could get ... and the rest is history . 
  does this answer to your question ? 
  qu\u00e9 tendr\u00e1n que ver los cojones con comer trigo ... * ca n't think of two things more unrelated ... *, 
   i hope they unite i hope it too ... but for the drama only . 
  android in quotes is what you call to anything based on aosp . 
  fine , but misses the point . 
   except you know , amazon . 
  and all those chinese oems . 
  what ?? 
  fyi amazon calls its operating system fireos , and does n't use any official android artwork . 
  it 's not android ( tm ) . 
  it 's `` android '' under your own personal definition . 
  but , more importantly than diving into technicalities , i do n't understand which point are you trying to make by accussing me of fud , no less . 
  the google apps , including google play services , are an integral part of the user experience of an android device and are n't open source . 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   which are not part of android . 
  please do n't spread fud . 
  acting outraged does n't make you right . 
  android ( tm ) devices do include them . 
  as you can read in the news , google forces the manufacturers to include their apps and services or you ca n't use the android trademark . 
  [ citing the wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_%28operating_system%29#licensing ) : * only the base android operating system ( including some applications ) is open-source software , whereas most android devices ship with a substantial amount of proprietary software , such as google mobile services , which includes applications such as google play store , google search , and google play services -- a software layer that provides apis for the integration with google-provided services , among others . 
  these applications must be licensed from google by device makers , and can only be shipped on devices which meet its compatibility guidelines and other requirements . 
   can they stay in the eu and keep the euro ? 
  if yes , many other regions might say `` me too ! '', 
  of course , that 's the whole point behind recent events . 
  without the eu probably we would n't be in this situation . 
  catalonia have historically benefited of having access to the big spanish market , which outperformed in productivity and in which could sell on without tariffs , with the same currency , etc. . ( does this remind you of something ? ) . 
  it also got a huge part its workforce when it needed from poorer parts of spain , mainly andalousia . 
  ** but ** , and it 's a big one , has had to return some of that in form of fiscal transfers . 
  too much or not enough is another debate . 
  what we have now ? 
  a unified market , free of movement ... without real fiscal transfers ( cohesion funds are n't the same ) . 
  they do n't need to the rest of spain anymore , as milan does n't need naples and bavaria and does n't need ... idk ... turingia ? 
  if they had got their independence , let 's say , 60 years ago . 
  things would have been very different . 
  the peseta would have been weaker than their currency and other parts of spain would have taken partially the role of current barcelona ( probably valencia ) . 
  that 's the saying but we obviously do n't . 
  basque country and navarre maintain their fiscal autonomy because franco kept that going on in alava in navarre ; he had to pay to the carlist who supported them in some way . 
  then the democracy had no other option than to return that right to the * traitor provinces * vizcaya and guipozcoa . 
  and not all regions have developed equally their statues , so no . 
  and the criteria to designate the `` historical regions '' is also tragicomic . 
  i do n't agree . 
  google has been critizised for pushing functionality out of the core os and including it in [ google play services ] ( http://www.androidcentral.com/google-play-services ) . 
  google 's argument is that component is updateable so devices get new functionalities without whole os updates , but at the same time lots of apps are reliant on api 's included in it , so it wo n't run in aosp based devices . 
  so i do n't understand the * portugal won '' . 
  what it did win ? 
  android itself is not open source . 
  there is a separate project called aosp ( android open source project ) which does n't include some parts like the google apps and some internal services . 
  a manufacturer who wishes to distribute android ( the real thing and not something based in aosp ) must agree to google licensing terms which is what the eu is analyzing to see if it hinders competition . 
  sorry , but that makes no sense . 
  portugal before the restoration war was another kingdom at the level of aragon or castile under the rule of the habsurg dinasty . 
  makes no sense to say `` portugal was united and spain was n't '' . 
  that 's a conception which may be valid for the modern states of spain and portugal but not in the 1600 's . 
  edit : to clarify what i mean , i refer to this wikipedia entry : [ habsburg spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habsburg_spain ) * `` spain '' or `` the spains '' in this period covered the entire peninsula , politically a confederacy comprising several , nominally independent kingdoms in personal union : aragon , castile , le\u00f3n , navarre and , from 1580 , portugal . 
  in some cases , these individual kingdoms themselves were confederations , most notably , the crown of aragon ( principality of catalonia , kingdom of aragon , kingdom of valencia , and the kingdom of majorca ) . 
  i do n't know about the siesta , but yes we are all definitely hot ;-), 
  is used as a political weapon pretty frequently . 
  strangely is more an issue nowadays than in the 90 's and first 00 's . 
  the sucession war was n't a civil war ? 
  but the point is our civil war was n't due to territorial issues ( mostly ) . 
  you just ca n't put a line to divide one side and the other . 
  honestly , despite been a teenager where the crime happened , i never paid much attention to the thing , so i do n't know what the alternative theories are , and how much credibility deserve . 
  the thing is a bit more complex . 
  there was a late night tv show , which somehow became centered in this crime . 
  one of the fathers of the victims appeared on it almost every night questioning the official version of the crime . 
  the program was called `` esta noche cruzamos el missisipi '' ( in english `` this night we cross the missisipi '' ) . 
  [ traslating from the wikipedia page ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/esta_noche_cruzamos_el_mississippi ) * fernando garcia , father of one the assasinated girls , and the criminalist juan ignacio blanco , signaled to several relevant politicians and bussinesmen as being part of a network dedicated to the production of snuff movies linked to this crime * . 
  pretty gruesome stuff . 
  the coup attempted the 23rd february of 1981 is one of the most persistent ones . 
  some civil guards took the parliament while were awaiting to some high rank officer who they refered to by the codename * white elephant * . 
  the identity of this officer was attributed to general armada who had been the king 's mentor , but commandant tejero never admited it and it was speculed that the very own [ king juan carlos was the * white elephant * ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/feb/17/books.booksnews ) . 
  i do n't think he ordered and organized the coup but it 's not unthinkable that he waited to know what was the real force of the insurgents before appearing in tv claiming his opposition to them . 
  it 's a structural issue . 
  bear in mind that even at it best moment unemployment was at 9 % , and has averaged around 15 % since the eighties iirc . 
  the causes . 
  depends who you ask , but there is some agreement in that spanish economy is oriented to low-skilled activities like building and hospitality ; the share of smb 's and freelancers is too high ; there is some abuse of temporary contracts , etc. . . 
   what are the prices like ? 
  what is the quality like ? 
  i 'm all in about discussing different regulations/legal frameworks regarding prostitution across europe , but i do n't think this consumer oriented approach fits here . 
  fortunately , until now most comments have focused in regulatory issues ... 
  hey , i 'm not taking a side . 
  as you see our interior ministry does n't agree . 
  ok , the auction was performed soon after a reform of the electric market and i assumed that was a novelty , which is was n't . 
  i still have my reserves about the ruling . 
  anyway , if true the fine is ridiculous , 25 millions is peanuts for such company . 
  a lie requires intention to deceive , so it might be false , because i do n't remember the well thing , but not a lie . 
  will check the facts later and concede if you are right . 
  afaik the ruling against iberdrola was n't still definitive , and imho a bit incredible that a single player can rig the whole thing . 
  thank you , i could n't find it . 
  i do n't know which kind of site is that , i was just searching for any source in english about this issue , which has been reported by spanish media. , and it fitted the bill . 
  that smells fishy ... 
  i do n't know , but those guys have pressed charges against all kind of politicians : left , right , nationalists ... and even against a princess !!, 
  they must have tons of enemies .
