   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i have strong opinions in spanish issues , specially nationalism . 
  i should n't moderate on those threads . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  a horse sized duck , since i do n't think it could walk . 
  usually animals do n't scale up easily without big changes in their anatomy . 
  they scale down much easily and probably duck sized horses would be viable , who knows ? 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why moderator . 
  searching those three words in google show this thread as first result , which is about choosing moderators . 
  obvious is n't it ? 
  acting irrationally in hopes that the other side would stay rational did n't work very well for tsipras . 
  it 's not the same , obviously , but do n't take as a given a * let 's - be-nice-with-each-other * attitude from the rest of pm 's . 
   cameron had no option but to give scotland a referedum , given that scotish people elected a government that wanted one . 
  refusing them a referendum would have been a worse decision . 
  he explicitely converted the thing in an * all-or-nothing * kind of referendum , avoiding the `` more autonomy '' option . 
  iirc , this was what scots preferred ( dunno about the english ) . 
   also , cameron is not playing with fire with the eu referendum . 
  without making that promise , he might not have won the election . 
  this implies that he wants to perpetuate in power before looking the best for his citizens . 
  also , leaving the eu can be a very costly mistake , and something that could make him to be remembered as a villain . 
  if both sides take a significant part of the vote ( say +30 % ) , the thing will be far from settled . 
  my personal opinion is that referendums , if the politicians are doing its job , should be used * to refrend * something that politicians have already negotiated . 
  they have the information , time and resources to devote to the question and find a fair compromise . 
  any referendum which gets less than 70 % of approval is a failure , imho . 
  cameron played with fire in scotland . 
  he won , but he could have lost a lot . 
  he 's doing it again , may be he will get burnt this time . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  so if it 's going to be a referendum , i do n't see the point of negotiating anything . 
  i do n't think is a honest way of forcing a negotiation . 
  take it or leave it , brits . 
  i prefer you to stay , but it 's up to you . 
  i start to see some pattern here ... people from capital cities are cocky no matter the country , are n't they ? 
  not german , but i read in this sub that the reason is that saarland was the only region in which the german humourist previous program was n't broadcasted . 
  so he could mock people from there because they could n't watch it . 
  then , he started a different program in another channel that was broadcasted in the whole country , but he kept doing the saarland jokes . 
  source : some random guy in this subreddit with a german flag . 
  navarre is basically divided in two halves . 
  the northern part of it is very similar to the basque country : they have the same traditions and speak basque , and it 's easy to find people that will define themselves as basques , since being navarre it 's just a way of being basque , just as being guipuzcoan or alavese ( other basque provinces ) . 
  but the southern part it 's not like that . 
  the language that historically was spoken there was the navarro-aragonese , that today has disappeared for political reasons and also logical ( it was very similar to castilian , so easier to assimilate ) . 
  so you will find people in this area that identifies `` being navarre '' with `` definitely not basque '' . 
  they see the basque country political approaches with distrust , and their greatest fear is to be forced to learn a language they have n't used for centuries if at all . 
  in valencia something similar happens . 
  there are some people that consider themselves a kind of catalans , and others that make the differential fact of `` being valencian '' as `` definitely not catalan '' , to the point that some argued that valencian language is something different of catalan language ( it is n't ) . 
  both extremes are pretty silly , but i think the most of the valencians are near the middle of this spectrum , and the divide is n't so evident like in the navarre case . 
  i have tried to resist the urge to give my opinion on this , but , be warned , i 'm aragonese . 
  shit that happens in spain . 
  basque country & navarre : you wo n't get laid . 
  but it 's the ram 's siesta or the lamb 's siesta ? ... 
  better to take both to be sure . 
  ram 's siesta = before lunch ( which can be as late as 3-4pm ) lamb 's siesta = after lunch, 
  almost nonexistent outside universities , where it has some presence . 
  they are safekeeping it for the spanish republic ... are we in a republic yet ? 
   a complaint in 2012 means the case has already virtually prescribed , since it presumably happened before that , there is a 4-year statute of limitations for illegal funding , and no way in hell any case is going to be constructed in less than a year by whatever they find out today . 
  yes , that 's spain ( & catalonia ) for us ... 
  illegal funding ? 
  that 's the lesser of the offenses . 
  prevarication , bribing ... ianal but i do n't think that will prescribe so early . 
   maybe if there 's an additional referendum in november  in november no , but if there 's no new goverment in 5 months , there will be a new elections . 
  i would n't rule out that scenario . 
   how ? 
  there 's no civil guard in catalunya . 
  a common misconception . 
  most of their duties are now in mossos ' hands , but they still have some [ attributtions ] ( https://www.guardiacivil.es/es/institucional/actividadesinstitucionales/reuniones/04_05_2012.html ), 
   i 'm quite sure this case is already prescribed too , and therefore the current operation is clearly just for show . 
  but i 'm still thankful that someone is at least trying , even if for the wrong , election motivated reasons . 
  i do n't think so . 
  this case starts with a complaint from an erc local politician in 2012 . 
  it 's also handled from a court in el vendrell ( catalonia ) . 
  the timing is certainly suspicious , i concede . 
  it could also exist some `` peter and the wolf '' effect since the other times this has happened , the origin were some unfinished policial reports leaked to the media ( or they were simply right like in the pujol case ) , and this time is a local judge , who should have strong suspicions to order the raid . 
  anyway , i doubt it has any impact on the upcoming elections , the positions are too entrenched . 
  thank you . 
  amazing story btw . 
  now i understand the hype . 
  the train ? 
  which train ? 
  a bit of context , please . 
  i have read about the hungarian case and it 's not the same at all . 
  you have to be an hungarian descendant . 
  spain also offers it to argentinean who have a spanish grandparent , and may be to other latin american countries . 
   but still , it was just some guy 's opinion , not an official stance . 
  i think this is the most sensible you have said . 
  i agree . 
  but you know as i do that erc is pancatalanist . 
  strangely , they do n't ask for a referendum in those `` catalan countries '' ( because they would surely lose it ) . 
   it 's not only the fact that they share a language . 
  it 's a lot of things that bind these countries together , as i said : history , language , culture , etc the fact that he is offering the nationality just to some aragonese citizens is pretty suspicious . 
  there is ** nothing ** historically that justifies it . 
  heck , even lleida and a good chunk of tarragona were part of aragon before being catalan . 
  valencia and majorca also have never been united administratively to catalonia ( outside spain , obviously ) . 
   are you saying that , if for example a person holds a spanish and , i do n't know , ecuadorian citizenships , that means that spain is claiming ecuador ? 
  spain and ecuador do n't share frontiers , and if spain does it , would be under a treaty , and not to a subset of ecuatorians . 
  a better example . 
  the venezuelan government offering nationality to the colombians of the districts just next the frontiers in dispute . 
  how does it look now ? 
   i fail to see how offering voluntary citizenship can be viewed as an imperalist stance . 
  offering the nationality to a subset of the citizens of other country without a negotiated dual nationality treaty is a hostile act .
