  definitely worth reading . 
  * ... he was prepared to do three things : issue euro-denominated ious ; apply a `` haircut '' to the bonds greek issued to the ecb in 2012 , reducing greece 's debt ; and seize control of the bank of greece from the ecb ... * * as the crowds were celebrating on sunday night in syntagma square , syriza 's six-strong inner cabinet held a critical vote . 
  by four votes to two , varoufakis failed to win support for his plan , and could n't convince tsipras . 
  he had wanted to enact his `` triptych '' of measures earlier in the week , when the ecb first forced greek banks to shut . 
  sunday night was his final attempt . 
  when he lost his departure was inevitable . 
  * * `` that very night the government decided that the will of the people , this resounding ` no ' , should not be what energised the energetic approach [ his plan ] . 
  instead it should lead to major concessions to the other side : the meeting of the council of political leaders , with our prime minister accepting the premise that whatever happens , whatever the other side does , we will never respond in any way that challenges them . 
  and essentially that means folding . 
  ... you cease to negotiate . 
   `` abstain or we will get the majority from podemos '' that 's political suicide , and podemos is sustaining several regional goverments : aragon , castilla-la mancha , extremadura , valencia , baleares ... 
  the easy route for psoe is psoe+p odemos . 
  ha ha !, 
  what a fool , in spain he would still be the leader of the party , eh ... ? 
  people in spain still talk with anger about things that happened during the civil war , which ended 75 years ago , so do n't hold your breath . 
  not sure why the fuss about this present . 
  liberation theology is essentially communist , and i 'm pretty sure that pope francis is familiar with the phenomenon . 
  there are some christian communists . 
  i have met several of them in spain , and there are far more common in latin america . 
  afaik , just some articles , like those referred to collective bargaining . 
   firing somebody in spain is incredibly costly to the point that many companies have to close if they do badly a year because they can not afford to let go of a small fraction of their employees . 
  that changed with the last laboral reform . 
  now they can do `` objective layoffs '' with just a prediction of losses . 
  previous one ( from zapatero ) required actual losses in the books for 3 quarters iirc ( anyway some companies just cooked them ) . 
  edit : iirc , companies now just need to forecast a loss of profit , not even real losses . 
  as long he does n't brag about having done with her anything more sexual than a kiss in the cheek , all will be fine . 
  on the contrary ... well , everybody will know he 's lying ;-), 
  it 's fine . 
  we knew it because your flair , which signals it pretty strongly . 
  i sincerely respect that , but sometimes you guys remind me about [ this monologue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxdggcq5yg4&amp;t=5m36s ) . 
  can be move along until there is news in that front ? 
   what is wrong with construction ? 
  nothing , unless a housing bubble just popped ... 
  thank you !, 
  i appreciate your help . 
  do n't worry about the subjunctive . 
  basques historically have n't used it and they are fine . 
  just pretend to have learnt spanish from a basque gf :-), 
  which is sad , at so many levels ... btw , i think it was n't the constitutional court , but the supreme court of catalonia . 
  my subjective impression is that 's improving , but very , very slowly . 
  in my inner circle of acquaintances i do n't know anyone who is unemployed anymore , but they got temporal , low-paying jobs . 
   well , no shit , thanks to the laws brought by the government in the name of the holy austerity the corps got rid of everyone who actually was skilled and employed a bunch of overworked and underpayed noobs . 
  i 'm sure tha fits your experience , but i do n't know how generalizable it is . 
  what i have seen is a lot of companies doing regulated layoffs ( ere 's ) , and trying to fire the older workers , very expensive to layoff in normal circunstances , who also enjoy higher salaries and benefits . 
  the sad truth is that a lot of times that older workers were n't the most experienced and skilled , but old farts who were too comfortable in their positions . 
  some big companies and even the public administrations do n't hire interns anymore , who are demi-gods , while almost all the heavy duties are performed by `` consultants '' . 
  spanish labour market is badly broken . 
  edit : of course , also can be argued , and rightly so , that sometimes the older workers just had decent wages and benefits , and younger workers are overworked and almost unslaved . 
   most good runners i know are super skinny . 
  certainly not sprinters . 
  anyway , the point was that we can found physiological explanations about why males are better runners . 
   the reason they are better runners is because they are better runners ? 
  no that was the conclusion . 
  the explanation was the previous sentece . 
   i can make one up just like you did , it does n't mean it will be true . 
   examples : women are not as good as men at climbing the ladder , women are not as good as men at standing their ground , women are not as good as men at negotiating , women working less ( not just due to the child thing ) , women caring less about climbing the ladder , women choosing to be dependent ( e.g. 
  finding a provider rather than working hard for decades ) . 
  i did n't made up anything . 
  do i really need to point to scientifical articles which show why males are better at running ? 
  those you mention must be proved . 
   scandinavia also has few women studying stem , whereas iran has very many . 
    maybe scandinavia needs to introduce the gender politics of iran to solve this problem . 
  a war with irak ? 
   i do n't know . 
  there can be tons of reasons for it . 
  including sexism . 
  if sexism is the reason , that contradicts your premise ( equality of oportunity ) . 
   how do you explain that men are generally faster than women at 100-meter dash ? 
  the evil patriarchy ? 
  human males are bigger and stronger than females due to selective pressure . 
  also their body is biomechanically better adapted to running , since they do n't have to give birth . 
  they are naturally better runners . 
  do we have a similar explanation about why women do n't reach managerial positions ? 
  so , how do you explain the different outcome ? 
  so basically you sent him to bruxelles to get rid of him ... good move . 
  so we can deduce that their plan was always that : debt relief or grexit ? 
  or maybe they just went with the flow ? 
  not sure about that . 
  spain 's public opinion is openly anti-austerity and anti-banks ( whatever that means ) so it could be a good strategy . 
  or maybe they actually believe what they say ... 
  the result of the referendum got them off guard . 
  `` who would have think that ? '' were tsipras first words after the first results , an anonymous source reports , followed by `` yanis , you have prepared something , right ? 
  right ? ... 
  yaniiiiis , do n't run '' / s, 
   i 've worked on one product that does clever things that relies on being able to mitm such connections , i 've worked with people who have built systems specifically to perform these sorts of attacks for monitoring purposes , and i assure you that it can be done . 
  even squid can do that , and of course commercial systems ( palo alto , etc. . . ) , but those systems rely on a `` fake ca '' whose certificate is deployed in every device of the company , effectively breaking the ca trust system . 
  i do n't think that this would work . 
  it would be discovered sooner or later and the ca would be instantly bankrupt . 
  also , iirc root ca keys must reside in hardware devices , so you ca n't just copy the keys . 
  as i said in a [ recent comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bqs65/david_cameron_is_going_to_try_and_ban_encryption/csozf0s ) , the only remotely sensible i could think on is a ban on perfect forward secrecy and/or plausible deniability software . 
  in that case , with a warrant you could decrypt intercepted communications or be sure that the key that a suspect is giving is really the true decryption key . 
   if you want to look at what real communism looks like , look up the town of marinaleda and , to a lesser extend , the mondragon corporation . 
  both spanish . 
  do you realize that marinaleda is tiny , and its budget is subsidized by other administrations by up to a 70 % ? 
  that before accounting services like healthcare and individual subsidies tied to the agriculture . 
  that model is not scalable . 
  at all . 
  the mondragon group its a cooperative company . 
  its owned by its workers but by no means is communist . 
  i have lost somewhere , sorry .
