  call it passive agressive if you wish . 
   whose primary langauge is catalan and who share a common culture and history . 
  we call them catalan countries , you can call them something else , but you ca n't say they `` do n't exist '' . 
  the fact that they share a language not makes them part of the same nation , which were his exact words . 
  austria and germany share a language . 
  so what ? 
   again , i fail to see how they 're ` claiming new territories ' think again . 
   they 're not even independent yet , and are already claiming extra territories he 's lucky that they are n't a state . 
  if they were this would be a diplomatic incident of first magnitude . 
  offering the nationality to the citizens of neighbouring territories of other states in a sort of hostile takeover bid . 
  unimaginable . 
  not to mention that historically makes no sense . 
  the only thing that those territories had had in common is the language , and a sort of confederation under the rule of the same kings . 
  i do n't know a lot of catalan but your username means `` hairy ass-faced '' ? 
  which is silly . 
  if you implement monarchy , you do it because of tradition , not because it 's democratic . 
  discriminating 45million of spainiards in favour of a single family , and fixing the gender discrimination inside just that family is absurd . 
  is that bad ? 
  i wo n't buy your theory completely since the people who remained in the peninsula also benefited from the conquest . 
  and while current day spaniards should n't be considered guilty of such acts , the kingdom of spain somehow is , since there is a continuity in its existence . 
  if we refuse this theory , we should n't claim as spanish the treasures of wrecked ships . 
  what i ca n't stand is the idealization of the aztecs and other indigenous people . 
  nowadays some mexican historians try to minimize or even deny the human sacrifices that they performed , while have been thoroughly documented . 
  they should get their fair share of criticism too . 
  even in good times is around 10 % . 
  i have heard a lot of explanations ( underground market , unions too strong , most companies are smb 's ... ) , but none of those explanations is exclusive of spain , so for me is a mystery why unemployment is always so high . 
  thank you for the corrections . 
  time to read some book about the 98 's disaster . 
  the guam thing is surrealist , certainly . 
   i 'd really like albert rivera as our pm . 
  honestly , the party is n't still strong enough to lead the goverment alone . 
  but in a coalition , they could improve a government of any of the `` big two '' . 
  in my book , only psoe and ciudadanos are sensible options ( the 3rd is abstention/blank vote ) . 
  why do you rule out psoe ? 
  they deserve a punishment , but are way better than any of the other ones . 
  hmmm , could you do a short summary for those who do n't understand a word of german ? 
  certainly not something to be proud under current morality frameworks , but the conquest of mexico is just unbelievable . 
  those guys were just crazy , they were incredibly brave and lucky . 
  [ the battle of cartagena de indias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_conquest_of_the_aztec_empire ) is something the brits do n't learn about , but it 's on par with trafalgar . 
  something more recent ... 
  when eta killed miguel angel blanco in 1997 , after having announced his execution , the response was massive , millions of people cried for him in the streets . 
  it was the first time that the members of the political wing of eta were booed and confronted by people . 
  it 's something i remember strongly , as the 11s or the 11m . 
  it seemed a tipping point , but the end of eta was still very far ( still has n't happened , in fact ) . 
  1992 was a happy year , specially because the [ olympic games of barcelona ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1992_summer_olympics ) . 
  i was a kid , but i remember vividly when the archer shot the flaming arrow to light on the olympic cauldron . 
  people went mad , because nobody knew about it , [ a magical moment ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tckyibl3fpm&amp;t=4m40s ) . 
  but , but ... 
  it was the frenchman fault !, 
  ok , you have a point . 
  but at least nelson did n't celebrate it . 
   just the difference is that conservativeness in europe doesnt have anything against alcoholic beverages . 
  it seems that you agree with him , at least partially , but just do n't want to acknowledge it . 
  what was passed is an amend to the current law , not the same by a mile , with very minor corrections . 
  and the first comment said that abortion was prohibited . 
  let 's be honest and civil , please . 
  i 'm in my third week of family holidays in a row , at the valencian coast , doing the typical things : playing with the kids , reading , eating paella , taking siestas ... 
  so great , thank you !, 
  it 's too early in the morning ... what are you referring to ? 
  the moors going into the peninsula ? 
  the duke charles taking castile ? 
  i have n't seen in the thread the `` green march '' . 
  that 's a sure top five . 
  say berlusconi and you win . 
  there are worse things but hardly more embarrassing . 
  there is no shame in being defeated by a so superior power . 
  what was embarrassing is that the government sent spanish poorest kids to a certain death to preserve `` the nation 's honor '' . 
  * m\u00e1s vale honra sin barcos que barcos sin honra * ... what a motherfucker a spanish politician said this poetical phrase that means * better honor without ships than ships without honor * . 
  american ships were made of steel , and spanish ones of wood , enough said . 
  also , the rich could avoid being drafted by paying a sum of money . 
  edit : before the present century ? 
  what are you thinking of ? 
  the 5-1 against the netherlands was bad , but still ... :p, 
  hehe , hadn ' seen your comment before writing mine . 
  ferdinand vii is the greatest traitor of spanish history . 
  the independence war . 
  napoleon had occupied the peninsula , and the legitimate king was captive in france . 
  an alternative government was formed in cadiz and redacted a very liberal and advanced constitution for the time . 
  after lots of battles and a little help from the brits , ferdinand vii , `` the desired king '' returned to spain . 
  what he did ? 
  he derogated the constitution and prosecuted the liberals who redacted it . 
  so we fought against the republican ideals of the french revolution to give the power to an absolutist motherfucker . 
  well done , xixth century spaniards.thanks for a century more of underdevelopment and religious fanatism . 
  if declaring oneself bisexual improves the odds of getting laid ( with a girl ) , male teenagers will do , no doubt about it ... 
  what the fuck has that anything to do with the origin of the four bars ? 
  ca n't you argue without building straw man arguments ? 
  hehehe , i knew you just looked it up . 
  it 's ok , read a bit , broaden your horizons , and please , try to read also the sources that do n't confirm your preconceptions . 
  that 's the opposite i have claimed !!!, 
  quoting from myself . 
  * while in fact spain is far from uniform and pretty diverse . 
  i have read extensively about it and i am well aware about the different thesis , thank you . 
  unfortunately , history is n't physics and ca n't design an experiment to obtain the truth , so the only intellectually honest position is to acknowledge that we do n't know ( again , the alternatives are aragonese or barcelonese , not catalan ) . 
  you choose to believe the first random web page which confirmed your bias , something that is hardly surprising coming from a nationalist of any kind . 
  fair enough , but the argument that catalonia is uniquely different of the rest of spain , is commonly used by catalan nationalists , while in fact spain is far from uniform and pretty diverse . 
  what did n't you understand ? 
  5 of 17 spanish regions have their own language ( you forgot valencia and the balearic islands ) . 
  they are not the norm but hardly can be considered exceptional . 
  and valencians and balearics , yes . 
  you are just confirming i said .
