  it 's only technically false . 
   it 's only an issue for nationalist nutters outside catalonia . 
  it 's contested by pp and c 's in catalonia , who accounted for ~ 25 % of votes in last regional elections . 
  by contrast , basque model which allows parents to choose , is contested by nobody . 
  you are mixing things . 
  you can defend immersion or deny it exists , but not both simultaneously . 
  a fascist who had to scape from franco 's regime ... 
  void/null votes are n't intentional ( blank/white are ) , so you ca n't forbid them , just not disclose the number . 
  the figures you show also aggregate both kind of votes for previous rounds , while i have seen them individually accounted in other reports . 
  it 's not used as a vehicular language , only as a subject . 
  so he is right , unless you are very picky . 
  edit : downvoting a fact ? 
  boadella also comes to mind ... 
  it 's a sort of a catalan * reich * ... 
  i have n't read anywhere the amount of void and blank votes for the third round . 
  it 's a bit fishy . 
  may be they have seen that the difference was so close , a couple votes or so , and have preferred to declare a draw to avoid suspicions . 
  anyway , mas did it again . 
  everything he touches breaks in two halves . 
  i do n't want this to end anymore , it 's better than any fictional political series . 
  i do n't want to argue about an undefined term such as `` touristic city '' but 9million visitors/year , it 's a decent enough amount to expect some english proficiency among policemen . 
  ha , ha , ha . 
  take that , logsers !, 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i would have expected a better outcome in a touristic city as madrid . 
  it reads : absolute majority ... of assholes, 
  if you have n't already , read [ this ] ( http://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2015/12/on-juniper-backdoor.html ) . 
  the thing about the loop who never gets executed because a inner function changes a global variable blew my mind . 
  it does n't matter what we think . 
  public opinion is against it , and no ( spanish ) politician will dare to say anything remotely positive about nuclear energy ever . 
  we 'll have to wait for the cold fussion . 
  sorry if misunderstood , but i read the same . 
  spainiards think most romanians are gipsy ... what do you mean then ? 
  that 's not true at all !!, 
  romanian and romanian gipsies are very definite different * classes * of people romanian = hard working and ridiculously strong . 
  a bit shy and direct but kind nonetheless . 
  romanian gipsyes = an even worse kind of gipsyes exists , who would 've thunk ? 
   -- what 's the world 's most profitable business ? 
    to buy a spaniard for what he 's worth and sell him for what he thinks he is . 
  we have this joke with argentinians ... 
  so you are a french in disguise making a belgian joke ? 
  note that i will pass up the chance of making a joke about how hard is getting laid in the basque country . 
  you 're welcome . 
   how can a party not be . . partisan ? 
  adherent to a party or faction ; ** especially , having the character of blind , passionate , or unreasonable adherence to a party **  by number of parties willing to negotiate with them , podemos is at this moment the head of the list . 
  by number of parties , yes , by the popular support of those parties , no . 
  spanish humour is a bit gross , you have been warned ... 
   parties like podemos seem healthy to me . 
  if they were in germany they would seem very healthy to me too ... now seriously . 
  what is in fact healthy is to watch two opposite parties agree the diagnosis of the problems and reaching tradeoffs . 
  or see unions and bussinesmen to reach agreements , and not just to throw insults at each other . 
  those things do happen in germany but are ** unthinkable ** in spain . 
  here there is never any merit in the opposite views , there is no middle ground . 
  the example of this last legislature is staggering . 
  pp received a big majority to push for reforms and mostly because economic concerns , and they used that majority also to push their national-catholic agenda , as far as they could . 
  podemos is not a step in the good direction . 
  on the contrary , if they reach the power their actions will be as partisan as pp 's ones , we are seeing it in the municipal councils they control . 
  i see lots of `` others '' . 
  could be lamb a significant part of them ? 
  that 's pretty popular where i live . 
  do n't worry , that 's sealed in the constitution . 
  art 68 * the electoral circumscription is the province * . 
  i think that 's possible in the uk , but not in spain , iirc . 
  he ca n't overrule the congress . 
  i do n't think so , but this is all uncharted territory ... nobody knows . 
  a foreign ruler to unite the country ? 
  great idea !, 
  that worked really well in the past ( bonaparte , esquilache ... ) . 
  bonus points for being perfid brits . 
  imho , more pp for sure . 
  this is their floor . 
  the question is how much they could improve without changing the candidate . 
  first reactions regarding the new goverment . 
  pp : rajoy says will try to be elected pm , and will look for the support of other parties . 
  psoe : officially , it 's up to the pp to try to form goverment so they wo n't take the initiative . 
  they will vote no to rajoy 's investiture . 
  some prominent socialists have ruled out the pact with podemos , but this is not the official stance of the party ( still ) . 
  podemos : it 's not the time to talk about investitures , but about constitutional changes to `` shield the social rights '' . 
  en comu podem ( podemos catalan wing ) : a referendum for independence in catalonia is a red line to support any investiture . 
  c 's : will abstain and have asked psoe to do the same . 
  stay tuned . 
   though the outcome of this will be very interesting to watch . 
  from the outside . 
  from inside it 's going to be painful . 
   a soldier enters your house and points at your wife with a rifle , making sure you look . 
  what do you do , try to talk him out of the military or prevent it by fighting in the front line ? 
  i would n't call that a political cause . 
  warning . 
  this video is heavily edited and is anti-podemos propaganda . 
  said that , there are some long unedited cuts where he can be seen unarguably supporting chavez and maduro policies : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btiyap0imeo&amp;t=6m12s basically , what he said is that venezuela was a reference for southern europe . 
  in all fairness , his discourse has changed a lot since then . 
  it 's comparable to the usa republicans . 
  people think they know how to run the economy . 
  true or not , that 's how a lot of people perceive them , and prefer competent evilness to well intentioned incompetence . 
   ( if it was n't clear enough , i voted for him , and i 'd go to war if you ever declared independence , so no , it 's not because he 's a `` catalufo '' you shithead ) no political cause is worth dying or killing for . 
  you voted for c 's , but i think you are very far from their values . 
  yes of course . 
   podemos would just scream at how they 're closeted pp members who allowed rajoy to remain in power and people would agree . 
  i did n't say they would ask nothing in return . 
  rajoy 's head , derogation of some laws , and the permament threat of a motion of no cofidence .
