  all those new local , state and national contracts to run schools and hospitals and staff construction projects - multi year contracts will be put up for global bidding . 
  so , obviously , we will never have any more new deal style projects to employ americans who are out of work preferentially in building infrastructure . 
  that will be super-illegal . 
  because it violates national treatment . 
  and again , these jobs will be temporary . 
  people might not even get parts of their pay for years , until they return home . 
  also , the involvement of multinationals will make any laws that purport to change working conditions , or set minimum wages , etc. 
  void if they adversely effect the property interests in the state of affairs at the time of the ftas signing or the standstill date in it , which in the case of tisa is i think gat 's understanding of committments in financial services or gats , in 1998 or 1995 . 
  ( bizarre - thats really bizarre ) ( everything since them might be seen as a violation and be rolled back . ), 
  see lori wallach ( global trade watch ) speaking on democracy now on june 19th or 20th . 
  will add url in a bit when i am on other pc . 
  so , any new laws which might impact the profits of investors would be subject of huge fines by the fta tribunal . 
  google `` indirect expropriation '' democracy has been declared to be incompatible with business by us and ec trade officials , basically , investors they claim need stability . 
  the very nasty services stuff they are claiming is n't in ttip is still there , in tisa , and its going to impact a lot more countries . 
  read this , keeping in mind that tisa is n't just public services , its all services . 
  idiots, 
  talk is cheap , it has to be rejection or explicit carve outs . 
  and they are likely to just stick it in another fta - so saying something is n't in ttip is like saying it is in tisa . 
  check out the excellent entry sequence in goldeneye ( the james bond movie ) its an artistic motion graphics exploration of the fall of communism . 
  now if neoliberalism could only ... 
  it has n't changed americans so they hide their true intentions from us here . 
  people moved to those areas because they are really beautiful and the weather is `` sunny all the time '' . 
  also , it doesnt snow in the winter but is much less expensive than california as long as energy remains cheap . 
  in the past people used to have sprinklers on their roofs , literally , very fine mist , but now they have air conditioning . 
  and its already quite expensive to air condition for 6 or 7 months of the year . 
  the winter is the nicest time . 
  i dont live there but i am kind of into the archaeology of that area and like to hike so ive spent quite a bit of time there and know the area well . 
  i dont follow you at all on that . 
  because right now we 're having a huge drought in the southwest , which if you look at the historical record , could turn into a thousand year drought , the last one was around 800 years ago see https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/drought/drght_longer_lake.html ( site starts at https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/drought/drght_home.html ) if that is the case , it will be a disaster for our country and one we 'll need all our natural gas to deal with . 
  otherwise , agriculture could not continue , people could not afford food , and eventually , it might even become impossible to live in a large chunk of the country . 
  as i said , its happened before . 
  its no joke . 
  because if you go to places like hovenweep , in southeastern utah , or mesa verde , you see that people went to great lengths to hide their dwellings high high up on cliffs , in the most invisible and inaccessible places . 
  you see elaborate fortifications built around sources of water . 
  we have recently discovered that cannibalism was practiced in the 12th and 13th centuries . 
  during the huge drought . 
  read up on anasazi cannibalism, 
  did you read the solar storm petition ? 
  ** hundred year long droughts ? 
  ** yes , apparently , they happen `` regularly '' in geologic time scale . 
  there has been a lot of extreme climate variability in the us southwest . 
  and it seems as if the drought we are currently experiencing might be the beginning of another one of these long droughts - we do n't know . 
  ** and if that is happening we will very soon desperately need all of our domestic natural gas , to desalinate seawater and then move the fresh water hundreds or thousands of miles , or - millions and millions of people may have to move - nobody knows where , and food in the us could increase dramatically in cost . 
  ** these are changes that millions of people would have no way to afford . 
  because americans do n't have the safety net europeans have . 
  also , a huge number of businesses would have to close down . 
  for science-literate folks . . https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/drought/drght_longer_lake.html for non-scientists . 
  the tree ring record shows that every few hundred years , the southwest us suffers multi-decades long droughts , http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2014/09/02/california-megadrought/14446195/ what that means is that us 's natural gas should be held in reserve as a buffer against the need to desalinate water and ship it hundreds of miles , because its clear that the southwest has these super droughts . 
  also , for the last decade or so , every winter huge numbers of americans can not afford heat . 
  in the summers more and more americans are dying of heat stroke . 
  because they can not afford electricity for air conditioning even at the current prices . 
  if the irreversible ttip energy deal was forced though , the price of electricity in the us would soar , to world levels , which are much higher . 
  much higher than they are currently . 
  americans are reeling already from obamacare which has been used to shift millions of americans out of affordable employer plans and into `` high deductible health plans '' which shift large out of pocket and [ out of network charges ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/21/us/drive-by-doctoring-surprise-medical-bills.html ) to them . 
  many do n't even realize that those two different kinds of unexpected costs can be astronomical until they happens . 
  * our country can not afford a double dose of neoliberalism now . 
  we have had enough for now . 
  * ** backroom energy deal could also be a disaster for urban working people , who already are living on borrowed time . 
  ** huge postwar apartment buildings in us cities have all been privatized involuntarily in the last 20 years , due to the gats free trade agreement which prohibits public ownership of services if they cost money or compete with any for profit business . 
  for the last decade , many of the recent corporate buyers of those formerly public postwar buildings ( `` investors '' ) are trying to force the long term rent stabilized residents out - the tenants are living on borrowed time , only the slow us economy has prevented massive gentrification - sometimes , this battle has been a brutal one that includes acts by some of the worst `` investors '' to make buildings un live able . 
  tenants are largely middle class working families and elderly couples . 
  they have nowhere to move to . 
  they can not just move out so the investors can sell them as condos . 
  almost all of the residents pay below market rate rents because their incomes have not been rising the 10 percent or more the market rate rises every year now . 
  they have nowhere else that they could afford in cities . 
  most of these urban families do not own cars or drive so its not feasible for them to be uprooted and moved to suburbia for developers benefit . 
  but , that could easily end up happening if energy prices suddenly jump . 
  a sudden jump in energy prices will give the landlords of these many thousands of large urban apartment buildings a way to create a loophole to clear their buildings of middle income tenants by using the sudden hike as an excuse to decide to go out of the landlord business - and then tearing their buildings down . 
  then the vacant land instantly becomes worth millions of dollars more than it was with affordable housing . 
  ** this ttip energy deal could very easily turn into a nightmare for hundreds of thousands or perhaps even millions of urban americans - ironically , the americans who use the least energy . 
  the very americans who are the most like europeans . 
  have you ever been to arizona , new mexico , southern utah or the southwest corner of colorado ? 
  there have been periods of time during which there was practically no rain in parts of the southwest , for decades . 
  the southwest is not the entire country . 
  other parts of the country have lots of water . 
  also , the southwest could probably manage if they can desalinate sea water and pump it long distances . 
  the gulf stream makes it possible for europeans to grow a wide variety of crops much farther north than elsewhere . 
  but that mild climate is a fragile thing . 
  what happens if it ends ? 
  would millions of europeans themselves become refugees into africa ? 
  are you making a joke or are you serious ? 
  i 'm completely serious . 
  if you go to the southwest - the best place to see this is chaco culture nhp but really , everywhere you go in the southwest , if you know what to look for in the archaeological record , you will find signs of this huge drought they had 1000 years ago , which destroyed an advanced civilization . 
  there was another one about 1000 years before that . 
  did you read the resilient societies petition on the solar storm issue ? 
  the end of `` the grid '' as we know it --------- excerpt from recent truth-out article -- the federal government recently sponsored a detailed scientific study to better understand how much critical components of our national electrical power grid might be affected by either a naturally occurring gmd or a man-made emp . 
  under the auspices of the emp commission and the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) , and reviewed in depth by the oak ridge national laboratory and the national academy of sciences , metatech corporation undertook extensive modeling and analysis of the potential effects of extreme geomagnetic storms on the us electrical power grid . 
  based upon a storm as intense as the 1921 storm , metatech estimated that within the united states , induced voltage and current spikes , combined with harmonic anomalies , would severely damage or destroy over 350 ehv power transformers critical to the functioning of the us grid and possibly impact well over 2000 ehv transformers worldwide . 
  [ 7 ] ehv transformers are made to order and custom-designed for each installation , each weighing as much as 300 tons and costing well over $ 1 million . 
  given that there is currently a three-year waiting list for a single ehv transformer ( due to recent demand from china and india , lead times grew from one to three years ) , and that the total global manufacturing capacity is roughly 100 ehv transformers per year when the world 's manufacturing centers are functioning properly , you can begin to grasp the implications of widespread transformer losses . 
  the loss of thousands of ehv transformers worldwide would cause a catastrophic grid collapse across much of the industrialized world . 
  it will take years , at best , for the industrialized world to put itself back together after such an event , especially considering the fact that most of the manufacturing centers that make this equipment will also be grappling with widespread grid failure . 
  our nuclear `` achilles heel '' five years ago , i visited the still highly contaminated areas of ukraine and the belarus border where much of the radioactive plume from chernobyl descended on 26 april 1986 . 
  i challenge chief scientist john beddington and environmentalists like george monbiot or any of the pundits now downplaying the risks of radiation to talk to the doctors , the scientists , the mothers , children and villagers who have been left with the consequences of a major nuclear accident . 
  it was grim . 
  we went from hospital to hospital and from one contaminated village to another . 
  we found deformed and genetically mutated babies in the wards ; pitifully sick children in the homes ; adolescents with stunted growth and dwarf torsos ; fetuses without thighs or fingers and villagers who told us every member of their family was sick . 
  this was 20 years after the accident , but we heard of many unusual clusters of people with rare bone cancers ... 
  villages testified that ` the chernobyl necklace ' - thyroid cancer - was so common as to be unremarkable . 
  - john vidal , `` nuclear 's green cheerleaders forget chernobyl at our peril , '' the guardian , april 1 , 2011 [ 8 ] what do extended grid blackouts have to do with potential nuclear catastrophes ?
