  so they are lying , really quite shamelessly . 
  [ the potential impact of the world trade organization 's general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states - international journal of health services ] ( http://www.pnhp.org/sites/default/files/nick%20skala%20gat%20and%20health%20reform.pdf ) this is n't some little thing . 
  they are literally trying to use these ftas to advance a agenda which i think almost nobody , not people , not most responsible corporations would ever agree with . 
  some of the non-alcoholic substances in beer and wine are known to improve cognition . 
   so for now i 'm simply warning people about entering the hydra 's den . 
  you 're so adamant about silencing me , but you do n't give me any evidence that i 'm wrong . 
  unlike you , i document my points . 
  do you have anything constructive to say besides what are effectively `` thought terminating cliches '', 
  would n't the phrase `` hydra technique '' be better put to use to explain the strategy behind pushing these secret ftas with their secret investor-state agendas , like mai , and ftaa , which were stopped due to huge public outcry , now they are attempting the hydra technique again , three bad bad documents with overlapping antidemocratic agendas , four similar acronyms ( all starting with a t ) as names , more overlap , claims to `` consult '' for the tv cameras only , unwilling to dump clauses that try to subvert democracy and good governance - the refusal to remove them even at the cost of destroying the legitimacy of the eu ( and the same applies in the us , where as i said , silence has been achieved only by subterfuge , * americans have actually been told that single payer is in the future , even as the us negotiating position is that these ftas prohibit public health care !, 
  * dekuscrub , isnt that deception the hydra ? 
  the big lies hiding the fact that these agreements all attempt to endorse an extreme ideology which almost nobody in their right mind would endorse , hiding it as a thief in the night would , under deception ? 
  even if two out of the three ( but with four names - ) heads are chopped off , even if only one is passed , we 're all likely to see huge , negative repercussions shown graphically by the investor state cases compiled on sites like http://italaw.com caused just by the existing ftas , all much smaller and more local in scope . 
  i would say , if i indeed am the village idiot you would like to portray me as , why do you even need to respond ? 
  but , you do . 
  so , for some reason , you feel a need to respond . 
  great . 
  here 's a novel idea . 
  * why do n't you offer some alternative explanations for the issues i point out , presenting your pro-neoliberalism arguments , if you have any , instead of trying to block out my voice * as we appear to be among only a very very few people from our own country ( the us ) who even know these globe changing `` free trade '' ( non - ) agreements exist !, 
  where are news stories ? 
  where is the referendum on these false `` agreements '' ? 
  an agreement can only be reached when people are told the truth . 
  a dishonest government is an illegitimate government . 
  this is a bit of a rant , i 'm sorry . 
  its what it is . 
  what we 're seeing is a battle for the worlds way of dealing with exponential growth in technology and the wealth it produces , and the future . 
  one group wants to prevent the abundance given us by technology from being shared and basically try to minimize the planet 's growing awareness of it . 
  they are on top now and they want to prevent the gains which we saw in the 20th century , which led to vast raising of standards of all kinds , from continuing , because at this point , we should be giving everybody more time to spend with their families . 
  there needs to be a global discussion on the phenomenon of exponential technological growth , and its social implications , that has not occurred . 
  they do n't want it to occur . 
  but it needs to occur . 
  to prevent the blaming of the poor around the world for something that is not their fault . 
  we need to prevent this race to the bottom . 
  they want to worsen it . 
  the us and the eu are both in the same boat , in my opinion . 
  we 've been misled by a group of people who are attempting to create the illusion of consent and illusion of democracy but in fact they are trying to mislead all of us and literally hijack our health and futures in a direction that few of us want , besides huge , unaccountable corporate interests whose only argument is that they have a lot of money to throw at politicians , which they do . 
  so now there are a lot of conflicts of interest . 
  if you google the phrases `` regulatory capture '' or `` control fraud '' you 'll find a body of fairly recent work by people who have attempted to draw some conclusions about the general shape of this modern scourge of corruption . 
  ( that 's what it is ) we have to figure out what to do . 
  not many people want this , as shown by the efforts on both sides of the atlantic to conceal it 's true motives . 
  once its been exposed , there is no reason the people of the world ca n't get together and start over a bit wiser , and approach the same situation again , but that time come up with something that is overwhelmingly positive and which speaks to the best in all of us , instead of its `` doppelganger '' or `` evil twin '' . 
  isds and the cluster of related concepts like standstill , ratchet , rollback , indirect expropriation should all be rejected as being against the core principle of democratic governance as an adjustment mechanism for peaceful democratic change . 
  politicians have terms so that different people can replace incumbents at regular intervals and adjust laws so that they maintain their relevance and the governments remain legitimate . 
  when any entanglement like these ftas attempts to hijack the process by quietly giving corporations a right to block the nation 's ability of self-determination by what is in effect a trick , then its a sign that that trick has to go . 
  the fact that these laws try to quietly reverse the precautionary principle is very telling because the precautionary principle is a core nugget of wisdom . 
  the reason many of these corrupt politicians and the corporations that enable them want growth to be prioritized is n't because they have our best interests at heart , so much as that they have our worst and they fear discovery of what is in effect a giant * `` ponzi scheme '' * . 
  which is fake . 
  growth for its own sake just is a false goal . 
  growth is an effect of successful win-win business endeavors , and growth that occurs out of exploitation is n't real because other people have been left paying a heavy price and that effect has been deliberately left out of the analysis . 
  phony growth masks their criminality but it does it at the expense of the investors at the end of the chain , the stockholders . 
  which is a violation of the duty to protect that all public servants should be held to . 
  ( thats another reason - a big reason they want to privatize public services , to destroy that duty to protect and make nobody accountable for the huge intentional mistakes to come . ), 
  for example , privatized health care giants from the beginning were established to give substandard medical care to the working people of america . 
  not to provide the best possible care as the uk 's nhs was . 
  that 's why smart americans know that the obama administrations backwards `` affordable care act '' is nothing more than an act , a deception , that wlll lead us in the wrong direction to a future where health care 's main function is wealth extraction . 
  not health and sustainable human society that leverages brings out the best in everybody . 
  a [ monster ] ( http://kaiserpapers.org ) . 
  never ( again - ) should we go to that place . 
  and of course all ponzi schemes eventually can not continue . 
  precaution is sustainability . 
  slash and burn is keep taking until its all gone and then leave destruction in your wake . 
  we want to be able to bring the standards of living of everybody in the word upward but that should not come at the expense of the middle class in developed countries , while the so called one percent take an ever larger slice of a growing pie . 
  thats just the wrong way to survive because it pits people against one another in the worst way . 
  and its not the way to get the best out of all of us . 
  what that is is an attempt to stop the process of evolution of new technologies and ways to solve problems by locking in what often prove to be bad economic models at the expense of progress . 
  its the people on top who want to arrest progress because progress is inherently unpredictable and `` disruptive '' . 
  but in that chaos there is a beautiful principle which is more value . 
  the prices of drugs should fall in the same manner that the price of microprocessors or network bandwidth falls . 
  if that pie is to grow forever out into the stars , we need to embrace precaution and also embrace this wealth of abundance as a gift that should be shared . 
  the gift of time especially should be shared . 
  people should have more time , not be pitted against one another in a race to the bottom . 
  instead we need a race to the top , to the stars . 
  now china and india are also in space . 
  since we al are competitive , maybe we can compete in helping the entire world move from poverty to abundance in peace without losing our individual strengths , instead lets try to learn from all of them . . 
  personally , i think the concepts in the precautionary principle are extremely important . 
  otherwise , in 20 or 30 years , everybody is going to be getting cancer at a young age and endocrine disrupting chemicals will have ruined a great many lives irreversibly in all sorts of ways . 
  this is a battle for the future direction and spirit of the entire planet . 
  nothing less . 
  concealment never is a good sign . 
  transparency is all important . 
  you 're a fine one to talk about entitlements . 
  how do they sell us the ttip / tisa / tpp three headed monster with its *** corporate entitlements *** - [ august 10 , 2013 - reid says obamacare just a step toward eventual single-payer system - las vegas sun news ] ( http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/aug/10/reid-says-obamacare-just-step-toward-eventual-sing/ ) - [ the potential impact of the world trade organization 's general agreement on trade in services on health system reform and regulation in the united states ] ( http://www.pnhp.org/sites/default/files/nick%20skala%20gat%20and%20health%20reform.pdf ) ( mid 2009 academic journal article by 27 year old single payer activist and law student nick skala ) - [ youtube nicholas skala interview - single payer v. `` public option '' june 12 , 2009 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwbzz070m-k ) ( he looks like he is in perfect health , but a few weeks later he was dead ) nicholas skala suddenly died of unknown causes on august 8 2009, 
  because i care about both my own country 's and europe 's future , and the future i want to see is one where people and the public interest are not , as i see them being now , subverted to the worst and most extreme aspects of corporate greed . 
  the ( us ) bill of rights starts out with the words `` we the people '' - not `` we the corporations '' in large script , am i correct ? 
  yes , i am angry . 
  i think the ftas embed a covert ideologically extreme position which they try to conceal , which threatens democracy , and the whole planet 's future . 
  i want to see the human race survive , all of us , in peace , this next century with out destroying ourselves and the planet . 
  is that strange to you ? 
  there is a huge push going on right now to push through ttip which with or without the energy chapter which i 'm told either way would likely mandate the end of the us energy export ban , which would allow us energy prices to rise to something more like the global average levels , something that would have wide ranging effects on america and americans who are already reeling from huge increases in the cost of health care and rx drugs in the last few years . 
  as far as people losing their rented homes , somebody who have to know the fact that some very large percentage of affordable housing in dozens of large us cities was built under these postwar deals and around 15 years ago , most of these large buildings , which house literally milions of people were fairly recently bought by large investors who clearly intended to force the occupants out , and they have been trying to , but the people are not moving out or dying at the desired rate . 
  so . . you can bet that the minute they have the opporunity they will be pushing to leverage even a small jump in the cost of energy into permission to tear down those buildings . 
  [ this is the fracking deal ] ( http://www.foeeurope.org/sites/default/files/publications/foee_ttip-isds-fracking-060314.pdf ) . . ive heard every possible excuse you could imagine people giving to do this thing . 
  this is the reason they really want to do it . 
  https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2013/03/01/800_2013_world_lng_prices.jpg they already are planning how they will export it . 
  high value manufacturing probably will locate where they can find a workforce that can do the job , assuming that its a business that employs skilled people . 
  thats the most important thing , i think , for many businesses . 
  as far as manufacturing , we 're not at the point yet where there are many completely automated factories ( although almost completely automated factories do exist and have existed for quite a while . ), 
  but even they still need a nonzero number of high skill workers to support their operations , and all manufacturing ( and really all kinds of ) businesses need various kinds of reliable support infrastructure . 
  like power !, 
  i think you bring up a really good point there about energy costs . 
  are you aware that the pending ttip [ energy deal ] ( http://action.sierraclub.org/site/docserver/analysis_of_eu_energy_proposal_ttip.pdf?docid=15744 ) could increase the cost of energy here in the us , by triggering their rising to [ global levels ] ( https://www.indybay.org/uploads/2013/03/01/800_2013_world_lng_prices.jpg ) , very , very rapidly .
