  but i 'm trying to stop being so , because its time this hidden agenda gets called out for what it really is . 
  :( i 'm sorry if i sounded bitchy . 
  i was kind of tired last night . 
  i ca n't imagine what it would be like to be with you in an actual emergency . 
  please attempt to see the big picture and that we 're smart to do what we can to minimize the risks as best as we can . 
  we are not without resources . 
   * `` but no nation is self sustainable . 
  it is impossible . 
  everyone imports something because not all resources exist everywhere . 
  '' *  * `` heck the culture shock might erase some national identities . 
  would you still be loyal to a government that takes at least 20 days to reach by foor/horse to get a message ? 
  because no phones will work mate . 
  '' * necessity is the mother of invention, 
   * `` it is n't great for providing consistent , affordable , universal services with the best interests of the majority in mind '' * let me be honest here , its not just not great at them , its ** against any framing of the public interest as important ** - the things you just mentioned . 
  it frames most of the things most of us see as good as bad in some way , `` on principle '' . 
  seriously . 
  if you do n't realize that you should . 
  all of those problems would be solvable without a lot of drama * if we simply made it a national priority to do so now . 
  * not only that , we would also all be far the richer for the experience . 
  we should look at everything we do and everything we need and attempt to figure out a way to make our society so strong we can jst sail through the worst kinds of things together knowing that we will all be there for one another . 
  if we can do that , we deserve to grow up and be part of the greater community . 
  if we dont , we cant . 
  we 'll be trapped in the perpetual cycle of greed and misery . 
  we 'll probably destroy our planet or do something so stupid we will have effectively forfeited our rights to somebody else , maybe our robots . 
  `` do unto others as you would have them do unto you '' that was the message for species survival . 
  people ate a lot of dry goods . . things like rice and bean soup . . the water system continued to work for us , also our gas stove still worked , it seems . 
  i would have expected it t have gotten shut off but it still worked , i think . 
  also , my ( landline ) phone worked for a few hours after the earthquake so i managed to get calls off to family members telling them i was okay before the phones went out . 
  everybody walked home from work that first day . 
  some people had to walk miles . 
  miraculously , nothing i owned was destroyed . 
  all my records fell off of my shelves and all my furniture was scattered around as if some giant had stirred it all up but nothing was actually broken . 
  a big crack opened up in my wall but that happened everywhere . 
  a lot of buildings did n't fare so well , many fell off of their foundations . 
  a phenomenon called liquefaction also occurred where there was sand , there there was a lot more damage . 
  where i lived , there was rock right underneath . 
  serpentine . 
  technology would not `` go back 200 years '' . 
  lots of things would just break . 
  many devices would do fine . 
  which brings me to something important . 
  the devices that would do the best would be ones which were not connected to long wires . 
  that would probably apply to houses , pumps , everything . 
  here we 're being given this warning by the july 2012 cme event that these things happen . 
  its like a wake up call to get out shit together , so to speak . 
  get our planet 's best minds together and do what it takes to make it possible for even if a solar storm occurs , for our planet 's critical infrastructure to prevent large numbers of deaths . 
  decades ago i lived through a serious earthquake that knocked power out for almost a month . 
  everything shut down . 
  people used candles for lighting , lots of people were afraid to sleep indoors so they pitched a tent in the park.people managed . 
  they got to know their neighbors . 
  nobody could work , because there was no electricity , so people hung out and talked or played cards or walked around to visit their friends . 
  nobody starved to death , quite the opposite , people were extremely generous with one another . 
  it was actually kind of fun in a weird way . 
  thank god it was n't worse , it wasnt a big nothing , people did die . . 
  but , it could have been much much worse . 
  in short , even though it was a `` disaster '' it was n't as big a disaster as it might have been . 
  because people rose to the challenge . 
  look , if the world is dumb enough to let a solar storm cause this problem thats completely unnecessary . 
  it would rank up there with the dumbest things in history . 
  nomatter how bad it is if the grid goes out , we will solve it , eventually , and the country wont be radioactive if we have the intelligence to figure out how to keep the spent fuel cool . . now . 
  * we should simply ramp down on the nuclear until we get all of this worked out . 
  * if we start being adults now , chances are the next solar storm wont be next week or even next year , figure we should try to implement the most basic protections first , for example , multiple on site self contained , not grid connected redundant power systems . . 
  even nuclear engineering `` is not rocket science '' the thing we need to avoid is binary thinking , and letting money drive bad decisions . . 
  the us uses some huge amount more power than most other countries . . what we should do is try to reduce our power usage to the world average . 
  people should realize the document they released refers to gats , and gats and the parts they reference [ are really quite bad ] ( http://policyalternatives.ca/publications/reports/facing-facts ) for the public interest . 
  its as if they are saying , things can only get worse , thats literally what the commitment to always `` liberalize '' ( privatize and globalize ) more and more is . 
  [ studies in the us have shown that privatizations are often unsuccessful ] ( http://www.inthepublicinterest.org/sites/default/files/1213%20out_of_control.pdf ) , they often are really bad , but the gats and its ilk , one way standstill/ratchet regimens do not allow any backing out of mistakes . 
  under the most radical gats defaults [ the default is public services must be privatized ] ( http://www.iatp.org/files/gats_and_public_service_systems.htm ) . . countries are literally trapped , they are forced by default to privatize all but a very small number of governmental core functions . . 
  not in the recent past , no , although as i said in 2012 a space probe did record a very powerful cme at one of the [ lagrange points ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagrangian_point ) ( i forget which one - you can see from the wikipedia page what the lagrange points are . . basically , they are ahead or behind us in our same orbit . ), 
  you clearly are not thinking this out . 
  people can live on very little food for quite a while if they can just get water . 
  i am very familiar with the stories of north korean escapees many who survived * the most arduous conditions imaginable , even as their family members died all around them * . 
  http://webtv.un.org/search?term=dprk+seoul http://webtv.un.org/search?term=dprk+tokyo http://webtv.un.org/search?term=dprk+london http://webtv.un.org/search?term=dprk+washington unless you live somewhere where there is no fresh water , if you are smart , and can resist being eaten yourself , you are potentially more likely than any other animal to be able to manage somehow . 
  the people who survive literally eat everything they see that moves . 
  you have to almost become an animal but you survive . 
  you see a bug , you eat it . 
  you see an animal , you eat it . 
  just the emf part . . no radiation . 
  then - if it was seamless and was plated with gold or perhaps silver , or and had no penetrations , probably yes . 
  probably a faraday cage would protect against electrical only emf . . but such a device would need to communicate with light . . fiber . . glass fiber . . as soon as you strted connecting any wires to it , though , problems would emerge because any kind of conductor is going to have emf induced in it . 
  also , there is ionizing radiation , which gold foil is not going to stop at all . . a charged particle is potentially going to flip bits - or esd induced by emp is also going to literally fry - destroy digital logic . . time to google . -- wikipedia to the rescue . . here we go ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radiation_hardening, 
  according to the paper i read yesterday it was pretty big . 
  since it did not hit the earth , though , and also since in 1859 , we only had its effect on the aurora and its effect on telegraph systems to estimate everything else from . . we do n't know anything even remotely as much as we would like . 
  you mean because a jet engine embeds all sorts of internal data transfer ? 
  or because since they are at a higher altitude they are exposed to more radiation ? 
  i dont know anything about actual shielding against emp , but its kind of interesting so i do think i want to read up more . . 
  but , there would be many ways to approach it . 
  one thing which i heard about recently might be a good way to do it , you could use tubes , tiny , really tiny tubes . 
  that might well be much more robust than silicon transistors . . you could build your logic using microtubes . 
  devices that used solid state fabrication and design technologies but which were actually tubes . 
  modern tubes . 
  the other way is probably less like reinventing the wheel . . use less long lengths of wire , use almost no wire in sensitive locations , basically , use fiber , and filter/bypass everything so as to only pass what is desired and filter out all other signals . . and also i suspect wrap electronics with the most conductive grounding imaginable really effective shielding - inside of devices , also , follow the most extreme best practices , overbuild everything and keep every interconnect really short -, 
  no we are n't but if - because of failure of the ultimate heat sink - many nuclear power plants melt down - then we 'll have a bigger mess to clean up than we will be able to . 
  that is far far worse . 
  it would be like a nuclear war because the price of food would increase by so many times that millions of children on the planet would die . . 
  here is something new chernobyl 's land is not getting less radioactive at the rate they predicted , its getting less radioactive at around 1/4 that rate . 
  and they dont know why . 
  well , its completely reasonable given the solar storm/loss of the ultimate heatsink issue . 
  if the solar storm recorded by a nasa probe in july 2012 to have hit it - it was orbiting at one of the two lagrange points , if that cme had hit earth , we would have lost our global power grid and in all likelihood , large areas of the planet would still be without power . 
  its also likely that some , more than one , nuclear power plants would have ended up in a meltdown state because of `` loss of the ultimate heatsink '' ( technical term ) .
