  does n't the eu 's highly rational ** precautionary principle ** *** ( which they are trying to eliminate in ttip !, 
  ) *** say that when the risk is high of doing something wrong by approving some change , the law should require caution , i.e. 
  precaution , i.e. 
  not doing it !? 
  so , do n't do ttip . 
  i think transparency is required of the ec government . 
  its written into the documents that created the ec . 
  they all had a healthy mistrust of the potential abuses of power . 
  had people seen this ? 
  [ eu-canada trade deal leak ` ridicules ' ttip consultation , campaigners say ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/science-policymaking/eu-canada-trade-deal-leak-ridicules-ttip-consultation-307797 ) `` the leaked text of an eu-canada free trade deal confirms fears that multinationals may sue eu states in special tribunals for enacting laws that upset their profit forecasts , and now campaigners question the public consultation on a free trade deal with the us . 
  the leaked eu-canada trade agreement ( ceta ) , signed last november and due to be unveiled on 25 september , contains a controversial chapter on investor-state disputes settlement ( isds ) that is substantially unchanged from previous drafts . 
  these were used by the eu in march to get stakeholder responses to negotiations for a similar transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) with the us . 
  at the time , the commission said that it would seriously consider all 150,000 responses . 
  *** but the use of the draft 's unamended wording in the final ceta treaty - before the results of the public consultation have even been analysed - show that it was little more than a pr stunt , according to kenneth haar , a spokesman for corporate europe observatory . 
  *** * `` the commission is not really serious about its own consultation , '' he told euractiv . 
  `` it 's more about image than substance . 
  though they [ ceta and ttip ] are two separate agreements , i think those who chose to respond to the commission 's consultation are being ridiculed . '' * the isds chapter was `` an outright danger to democracy '' he argued , because it enabled a mechanism to block attempts by national governments to legislate in the public interest . 
  us officials routinely play down the likelihood of companies actually bringing isds-based lawsuits - or winning substantial damages if they do - while commission officials stress the advantages a ttip deal could offer to european businesses , whose lobbies have pressed hard for it . 
  looking after the investors speaking at the european policy centre in june , rupert schlegelmilch , the services and investment director at the commission 's trade directorate , argued that an isds chapter was needed because legislation designed to protect foreign investors in not always embedded in national statute . 
  `` because today 's world is so integrated , in order for governments to support the competitiveness of their companies and protect their investors , it is necessary for them to look after their investors ' international agenda , '' he said . 
  but ttip-sceptics point to a raft of cases like the $ 250-million ( $ 191-million ) lawsuit launched by the us oil and gas firm lone pine resources challenging a shale drilling moratorium in quebec under similar chapter 11 provisions of the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) . 
  lone pine argues that the shale ban was `` arbitrary , capricious and illegal , '' as it had invested millions of dollars in obtaining permits to drill in quebec before it was announced . 
  such cases have darkened prospects for a ttip agreement , with reports that germany is restive over isds , and the incoming eu president , jean claude-juncker , revealing that he too is uneasy about its implications . 
  juncker speaks out on ttip `` i do n't understand why great democracies would not have faith in the judiciary , '' juncker told green meps . 
  `` we have courts which are able to deal with cases that are brought to them , and so i 'm not really in favour of what one could call ` private courts ' or arbitration bodies which may sometimes reach good decisions but do n't always have to justify their decisions . '' lawmakers in the new european parliament may also throw chairs in the way of any agreement , while the european ombudsman has opened two investigations into a lack of transparency in the eu 's conduct of the talks . 
  canadian media reports anticipate a change to the current isds text to reflect european concerns , as the treaty completes a two-year slog through the eu institutions before gaining approval . 
  `` the clause on investor-state dispute settlement is by now completely obsolete , '' said jos dings , the director of the brussels-based environmental think tank transport and environment . 
  `` people all over europe have woken up to how this will make them have to pay for litigation by foreign investors . '' `` the only right thing to do is to take the clause out of ceta , '' he told euractiv . 
  `` it is an excellent opportunity for juncker to match his fine words on this issue with action . '', 
   * `` calling for it to be rejected without even knowing the details is stupid , however . 
  '' * you have it backwards . 
  are n't they the ones calling for it to be accepted without people knowing the details . 
  if the details ca n't be seen then its wise not to act , eh ? 
   * `` there have been calls for public submissions and comments on the ttip from the very beginning , anyone is free to make one . 
  '' * there you are misframing the factual situation . 
  the european commission had what they called a `` consultation '' on the ttip which received by many accounts 150,000 responses , but the european commissioner 1 . ), 
  tried to trivialize many who joined that response by [ saying that their use of an online outline of what the issues were disqualified them ] ( http://www.ttip2014.eu/blog-detail/blog/consultation%20isds%20discount.html ) . 
  additionally , 2 . ), 
  a recent analysis of the ceta - well , you should [ read the news story ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/science-policymaking/eu-canada-trade-deal-leak-ridicules-ttip-consultation-307797 ) . 
  basically , it appears that the `` consultation '' was quite possibly a sham as it occurred after the disputed text had been finalized enough to insert it into ceta unmodified . . 
  so , the `` consult '' appears to perhaps have been just for show . 
  it should be mentioned that a similar series of events occurred in 2009 in the us , shortly after obama 's election . 
  what was framed as a `` debate '' in the us over `` healthcare reform '' was really a faked , stage managed series of events , for show only as shown by the fact that doctors who tried to bring up the country 's need for single payer were arrested , and the constraints which the us trade negotiators placed on the states and national policy space , hidden . 
  ( and still are hidden in the us ! ), 
  jeff , previously , were you talking about this new leak ? 
  i know it seems fanciful but at one time , it did . 
  the oligarchy is determined to keep people ignorant of news that might make them wise enough to see the big picture , do you think that is intentional ? 
  doctors have their patients in mind . 
  have you ever been sick ? 
  i suppose sick people are the ultimate `` inelastic market '' eh ? 
  did you see this ? 
  i have no idea if there is any period during which they are put before the american people . 
  it seems that its not even possible to read them online , or anything . 
  of course , i knew that that is how they are seen , but i also feel as if its a huge mistake to allow any potentially corrupt leadership of any country , carte blanche to sign away the interests of a people , forever , in exchange for god knows what kind of bribery . 
  the people of the united states put a two term term limit on presidents * because we are rightfully afraid that any one leader would become too powerful if they remained in power too long . 
  * additionally , we assume , apparently , our assumption is now endangered , that any acts by any legislature could be reversed by a subsequent legislature if it was found to have been the product of an extrinsic fraud , as it were , for example , lawmakers serving under the wrongful presupposition that they acted on the people 's behalf when they were actually in the employ of corporations , legal fictions that are not even human , a major `` conflict of interest '' . 
  but these `` trade '' ( trade is just a pretext ) `` agreements '' which run `` forever '' violate that term limit , and i would venture to say that almost no americans realize that these abominations can be enacted by one corrupt ( or honest ) legislature in such a way as to be irreversible . 
  ( also , for the record , * they are n't really agreements if the people know nothing of them and have not been able to vote on their true contents in a referendum * ) there is a very big reason that isds is suddenly a bone of contention globally - its because isds is clearly being used as a vehicle for corporations to bypass democratic processes and grab power which is not rightfully theirs , not being the people . 
  ( additionally . 
  despite their being fictitious people , - a so called `` legal fiction '' used to allow them to be sued and sue , corporations , although composed of people are not living things , nor are they human , therefore to give them human rights as if they were , is a very big mistake . ), 
  i 've heard so many different spins on the american revolution recently , its impossible to keep track of them all . 
  everybody seems to want to fit their own cause into it . 
  so let me give it a shot . 
  would you say that the founders of the united states were fans of corporate/state sponsored cronyism ? 
  or not ? 
  there were heavy solar storms yesterday and today which could i suppose perhaps throw off gps equipment . 
  some radio stations were having problems yesterday with their remote feeds . 
  even if they themselves are figments of some marketeers marketing proposal ? 
  how so ? 
  it seems to me that dishonesty is very common indeed , both in the observer themselves and in others , and the belief `` that everybody who disagrees with you is a shill '' , being dependent on a knowledge of shills , is far less common . 
  strangely , many people here either are not aware of shills presence in this forum or they pretend not to be . 
  how so ? 
  forever being how long ? 
  ( for example , in new jersey , a lifetime guarantee is seven years . ), 
  as i said i have read the documents referred to in the post and i have made an effort to read as many of the leaked documents from ftas as i could . 
  some of them , however are incredibly long , like the recent leaked ceta text . 
  them , no i have not read the whole thing . 
  ive read the document the article in the post is referring to . 
  do you have any idea how many `` leaked documents '' there are from fta 's ? 
  dozens . 
  many dozens . 
  you 're so smart ... 
  we should look at it as their history too . 
  do unto others as you would have them do unto you . 
  ive read tons of documents - for example , take http://guengl.eu/uploads/plenary-focus-pdf/assess_ttip.pdf this `` analysis '' completely ignore a number of factors that are really important . 
  for example , the reason the eu has the precautionary principle is that many chemicals are dangerous . 
  especially endocrine disrupters which are so common as to be ubiquitous here in america . 
  for example , in furniture , food packaging , dental restorations , plumbing , pesticides , insulation , supermarket receipts , fracking fluids , plastic bottles , non stick cookware , fabrics , and so on . 
  especially in products bought by working people . 
  those chemicals are just as dangerous in the us , but many have largely escaped regulation . 
  this has a direct effect on families and peoples health that is completely ignored by the people promoting deregulation . 
  its as if that problem does not exist to them . 
  additionally , under the us 's privatized healthcare model , many families will not be able to afford healthcare if the increased chemical burden in the environment makes a family member sick . 
  all in all the hidden cost of aggressive dis-regulation is huge and it falls entirely on poor people . 
  wow , looks like americans are calling for a re-evaluation of the whole trade negotiation process too . 
  six hours before on a holiday ? 
  cafta , was approved in the middle of the night , by one vote . 
  is that their goal ? 
  giving them plausible deniability to go against all the people 's wishes ? 
  how depressing .
