it 's a spooky place , my comrade . 
  i was born in it , molded by it , i did n't see www till i was already a man . 
  i live in tushino , 
  because i can, 
  honestly i do n't think so . 
  i mean birulevo cause was a bit different , when people were basically fed up with fucking mobs, 
  wait , are you blaming me for not knowing abbreviature which is not in my native language ? 
  i do know what polish-lithuanian commonwealth is itself , i did n't know what abbreaviature `` plc '' stands for . 
   it 's not hard to guess if you 're russian thanks for your stereotypical racism, 
  did n't know what did the abbreviature stand for , ty, 
  i 'm not sure what you mean saying `` plc '' , but i agree with your first statement . 
  i mean , if several countries with basically same nationality ( or nationalities with same roots ) hold together and have friendly relationships without any domination of particular one , that is a good thing . 
  unfortunately , that 's not a case . 
  yeah , because if one ethno-linguistic group from different countries hold together , that is a bad thing . 
   verbal or physical fight ? 
  you must be naive, 
  well , audio in this video is not as fast , as in the commericals , but i feel you . 
  anyway the video is very informative and its format is ok . 
  you have problems with getting information from sound at 2x speed ? 
  being gay in russia is also ok . well , kinda ok . 
  nothing more gay than several straight men , right, 
  eh , but what are other variants ? 
  so far so bad . 
  well , putin has a good pr only inside the country and in some minor foreign countries . 
  the key to success is europe , and since warsaw pact fell out , pr war in this field was lost for russia . 
  for real though , both us and russian foreign politics suck and do n't deserve to exist . 
  the race between superpower countries has to end or be ended somehow , without any country to be major power in the world, 
   russia certainly can not be accused of the slow and bureaucratic decision making process honestly that 's not true . 
  our government machine is operating very badly . 
   their psycho leader seems to be keeping them in line horrible man indeed , just pure bandit, 
  i already told you i do n't even consider myself to be a patriot . 
  it 's just you who is dumb as fuck . 
   be off . 
  oh wow , edgy, 
   russia being used as a route to get to the nordics well , it 's not a very big deal , since the number of migrants moving to nord coutries is n't that big , however it 's still an issue . 
   but if putin decided he no longer wanted russia being used as a route ... it would stop for the most part . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  i think , if this issue will lead to some more serious consequences and get more attention ( because i rarely see mentions of this problem in our media ) from all sides , some solid actions will be done . 
   2 millions refugees come to europe  2 thousands of them come through russia  russia is trying to destroy eu like ukraine are you retarded ? 
  he does . 
  but the cause of eu becoming weaker is primarily eu 's bad decisions , it has nothing to do with russia 's `` evil plan '' or whatever , as you all here try to tell me , lol . 
  europe by itself is allowing tons of migrants to come . 
  yet you are stating that because tiny amount of those come through russia it 's russia 's fault and it 's attempt to destabilize situation in eu . 
  eu itself is destabilizing its situation due to its ineffective migration policy , and russia has to do nothing with it . 
  stop blaming others , that 's pathetic . 
   of course they are trying to destabilize the eu . 
  they have been trying to destabilize the west for decades now . 
  usa fucking destroyed iraq , sponsored groups which now are isis with weapons , and nobody gave a damn fuck . 
  hypocrytic and pathetic . 
  you 're failing to explain me how is it relevant to the fact that middle-east migrants travel through russia to norway . 
  do you accuse greece of wanting to destabilize eu when migrants go through it to france and germany ? 
  moreover , number of people crossing russian-norway and russian-finn border is just miserable comparing to amount of people travelling straight to eu via turkey , so i ca n't see how these small groups of refugees will destabilize eu any more than main groups . 
   russia 's actions show it would like a less centralized and stable eu it 's also more than true vice versa . 
   but i have to imagine if finland and norway stopped refugees at their borders and they began accumulating in russia , russia would find a way to seal their points of entry for them . 
  still ca n't see your point . 
  yes , your last assumption seems to be true , so what ? 
  ca n't see how is it relevant . 
  stop blaming russia for all your problems , hell , i 'm not patriotic in any way , but the circlejerk in this subreddit is just pathetic . 
   they are trying to destabilize the entire eu are you retarded ? 
  i 'm tired as fuck of your `` evil russia '' thoughts . 
  of course govmnt sends migrants over to finland , it 's easier to deal with them this way . 
  not to say that it 's unlikely migrants would like to stay here anyway , looking at how they travel to uk even from france which is a high life-quality country and by far better than russia . 
  but no , evil russia with evil plans . 
   what do you think about new moderators generally ? 
   #moderators, 
  so / r/europe is just a lonely guy from uk in his twenties who speaks 2 languages , studies at college and lives with his parents or friends and does n't own a car . 
  he loves beer , ocassionally uses torrents , stands for anonimity in the web and against mass govmnt surveillance . 
  he is not perfectly ok with current immigration system , supports nato and eu , wants his country to stay in eu and does n't welcome turkey in it . 
  he does n't like russia ^ ^ ( w/e ) and china , and is ok with usa . 
  among all the current politicians he thinks obama is the best . 
  in 31 dec 2065 23:59 he will join r/europe on its meetup, 
  do n't you fucking make this mistake, 
  prepare to use vpn and tor on usual basis . 
  such is life in glory russia, 
  \\ #slavsunite, 
  you can always give it to people who are willing to own new books like these . 
  that being said , burning is indeed just a procedure of getting rid of books and is used by libraries from time to time, 
  official is `` niderlandy '' , basically like `` netherlands '' . 
  and all of greys end with ' - a ' . 
  except netherlands , but you can say `` gollandiya '', 
  i know right . 
  lost it . 
  wan na hear a joke ? 
  rouble . 
  for real ? 
  cool . 
  until there is no stable way to get to crimea en masse they wo n't do anything . 
  plus egypt and turkey was their direct concurents . 
  why would they ? 
  cold , grey , expensive , boring , rude , bad , hostile, 
  hell , man , do you really think that a man who has earned billions of dollars on real estate in russia has no connections with govmnt ? 
  everybody on the top of this field is friend of a friend . 
  and they have plenty of money to cover whole crimea with concrete , all they need is a bridge as a safe and cheap way to transport this concrete, 
  every top corporation in some way has their ties with the state , i do n't understand your point . 
  do you really think that top russian real estate building corporations have any lack of money anywhen ? 
  well that depends on the location , obviously . 
  the thing is while there are popular cities with lots of sightseeing , rich history and better infrastructure like sevastopol or yalta , which are indeed quite expensive , there are also lots of small lovely towns all along the shore . 
  they are much cheaper ( still can be expensive though ) , and some have cool bays with clean sea and are nearby spectacular mountains , and local folks are great . 
  not to say that you basically can just bring a tent and chose some small bay of thousands alike , and if it 's not in a national park nobody will say you a word, 
  where do you live if it 's not a secret ?
