trust me americans usually ca n't name their own congressman . 
  in non-presidential election years only like 1/3 of the country votes . 
  last stat i saw said only 10 % of americans knew who cameron was . 
  it 's extremely depressing . 
  yep , paul wrote a letter to them , they are in the bible, 
  shit , you will hear it from patriotic americans as well . 
  look at the approval numbers americans have for european countries . 
  a european country with `` low '' approval numbers will generally be mid 70 's . 
  hell over 50 percent of americans have a positive perception of the eu . 
  always found this ironic as you will see many redditors here talk about using the eu as a counterweight to the us , but americans generally want the eu to succeed . 
  well you said any state , and you said portugal . 
  so you set yourself up for this one . 
  in that case i would say california has more influence on world affairs than portugal . 
  then elucidate me , name me 2 things in the last 10 years that a european government or the eu has done that has had a major impact in the us . 
  obligatory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo, 
  dude most americans probably ca n't name a single person in a european government . 
  in my opinion this is a bad thing , but no europe rarely does anything that has a major impact in the us . 
  so america has less influence now then when rome was fighting the etrusicans ? 
  of course , that 's why i gave myself the out of `` generally speaking '' =d . 
  generally speaking any part of europe that was not italy or greece was considered a backwater ( especially the modern u.k ) . 
  egypt was the bread basket . 
  italy , greece , and anatolia was where most of the tax base was , and where the majority of the people lived the `` heart of civilization '' , iirc . 
  greece was looked at kinda how many americans look at europe now . 
  in fact that was one of the reasons the eastern empire lasted so much longer than the western . 
  the ee was much more developed , and had a much higher population . 
  so it was much more able to cope with the upheaval in that period . 
  at least until justinian 's plague . 
  look up the numbers killed in mexico 's war with the cartels . 
  last stat i saw was like 110k a couple of years ago . 
  there is also something like 70k plus missing . 
  really ? 
  what magical solution do you think eu troops would do that us troops would not ? 
  hell even russian troops for that matter . 
  you know that we all operate on the same playbook ? 
  it 's all theoretical . 
  honestly we have entered a new pre ww1 period . 
  technology has advanced so much that nobody really knows what would work well and what would not . 
  uhhh they where kinda our first shot at lo tech . 
  the b-2 is considered to be our first `` true '' lo aircraft with all the kinks worked out . 
  also , the 117 was not retired till 2008 . 
  it also flew sorties in iraq and afghanistan . 
  so we did not even stop using them . 
  dude this will be like the 3rd demographic shift we 've had in like 120 years . 
  we will be fine . 
  i 'll clarify what i ment . 
  i 'm not saying it did not happen , i am not trying to be a dick about it . 
  what happened to your family would be exceptionally rare . 
  if you mother was hispanic , i would not have any doubts about your story at all . 
  however , germans in the us have , relatively speaking , received very little discrimination against them outside of the years around the world wars . 
  in fact the massive amount of americans of german descent is one the main reasons why the us was so slow to act in both of those wars . 
  german was the second most commonly spoken language in the country before wwi . 
  as everyone in this subreddit likes to point out americans are usually very proud of their heritage . 
  * insert irish-american joke here . 
  * so even if someone is not a first-generation they are usually `` in-touch '' with their heritage . 
  so , since german descent is so common ( seriously , you should have seen the last names at my high school ) cases of discrimination against them are very , very rare in the modern day . 
  also , immigrant is * not * a dirty word in the us . 
  * illegals * is . 
  illegal-immigrants are not referred to as immigrants , they are usually just called `` mexicans '' or `` illegals . '', 
  americans as mentioned above , are usually very proud of the countries history as a nation of immigrants . 
  this is what in fact drives most of the more reasonable opposition to the illegal immigration issue . 
  many americans see it as a perversion of the process , and that it is a slap in the face to immigrants who went through the legal process to immigrate . 
  what decade was this ? 
  i could see it happening in the following years after ww2 ( could have been a vet who fought the germans ) but otherwise i find this story extremely difficult to believe . 
  citizens of german descent are the second largest group of american citizens . 
  especially in the midwest . 
  the russians have already developed the doomsday icebreaker . 
  putin was going to announce it next week , we all know how much he likes suprises . 
  of course !, 
  we are responsible for everything that happens in this world , did n't you know ? 
  sorry , this may be an ignorant yank question , but what is italy 's standing within the `` power structure '' of the eu ? 
  all of the history i have been taught has you guys placed as a major power . 
  do you guys just not pull as much weight because of a smaller economy ? 
  again , sorry if its a dumb question . 
  it 's not just republicans . 
  support or opposition for the deal is all over the place . 
  it seem to change based on how the polling question is worded . 
  * slow clap * go back under your bridge . 
  i mean , i would n't mind uncle sam paying for me to visit poland . 
  hell , naming the place would be easy as well : joint base pulaski . 
  shhhhhhh you ca n't have the same interests as us so we work together as countries . 
  it can only be domination from your amerikkkan overlords . 
  wait , a guy from poland is talking about this ? 
  they let the cia put blacksites in their country . 
  you guys seem caught between wanting to be top dog again , or wanting to enjoy a comfortable retirement . 
  no no you see , it 's impossible for the us and the uk to have similar interests and work together on stuff . 
  it can only be coercion by big evil amerikkka . 
  you are assuming a lot . 
  also nk does not follow your model . 
  yes i 'm sure mainland europe especially would have turned out great had we just completely left after wwii . 
  we `` dragged you in '' ? 
  any european countries commitment to those conflicts was voluntary , and even then - beyond a few countries - most of you guys did not commit significant resources to those conflicts * at all * . 
  i see people in these types of threads talking about the us being a puppet master in europe all the time and the examples of us using coercion that are cited are * pathetic * for us supposedly being some evil overlord that some of you guys make us out to be . 
  everyone does espionage on everyone . 
  for the record i thinks it stupid for `` western '' countries to do it to each other , but it is political reality . 
  fuck , we all do it to our own citizens as well , the us is not unique at all in this regard . 
  the eu and the us have nothing but good things to gain by working together which is why they fucking do . 
  it would do way more damage to both groups of countries to pull apart then continue on there present course . 
  ford in general has just been the best managed american car company , well recently anyway . 
  i mean fiat had to take over chrysler for it to be competitive again ... 
  yes , an american car company had to go to the italians for some business sense .
