  the iraq war did tons of damage to it i would imagine . 
  especially at the general populace level . 
  from the us side though there is overwhelming support for the uk . 
  the only country that is viewed more positively is canada . 
  while it was a negative reaction for brits it had the opposite reaction for americans when brits say `` what has the us done for us '' i just think its a matter of you have not really asked us for anything . 
  if you honestly think that the us would not back the uk before any other european country , you are delusional . 
  the only country the united states might side on a major issue against the uk is canada http://www.gallup.com/poll/1624/perceptions-foreign-countries.aspx, 
  can one of you brits clarify this for me ? 
  i thought that things in the u.k where horrible in the 70 's . 
  `` poor man of europe '' and all that . 
  then you guys had a big turn around similar to the us in the 80 's . 
  i 've always heard it said that thatcher 's policies were painful but necessary . 
  so why is she so divisive ? 
  edit : thanks for the replies all . 
  sounds like she is viewed like reagan is over here . 
  you either like her or do n't like her . 
  i 'm really surprised to not see a russian making a recommendation in here , feel like they could crush this thread . 
  and we would have gotten away with it too . 
  if it was n't for you and those meddling turks, 
  you kidding the moment you did this we would be like , `` those commie europoors trying to beat us to space !, 
  lets build on mars ! '', 
  ... . on second thought can you guys go ahead and do this ? 
  like , right now ? 
  i mean you can say that to the us , but canada was kinda there the whole time . 
  it would n't matter , we would say that we got there first instead . 
  concentration camp ? 
  do n't get me wrong i can understand opposition to guantanomo bay , but * concentration camp * ? 
  also the congressional approval thing is a bit more complicated . 
  when you ask people about how their congressman from their district is doing , approval ratings jump significantly . 
  the disproval comes frome people thinking of their opposition party in congress . 
  when you ask republicans about congress they think of elizabeth warren ( d ) . 
  when you ask democrats they think of ted cruz ( r ) . 
  the united states and japan own about 10b of the greek debt . 
  a pittance i know , but i believe that qualifies us to be able to ask you guys to come up with a deal . 
  considering we are not even saying you guys should do things we are just asking , that you guys make a deal , preferably fast . 
  in fact i see it like this : * america calls europe * `` hello europe , oh good good im fine how are you ? 
  oh thank you i had a wonderful birthday . '', 
  `` listen i know its a hard situation * america twirls the telephone cord around its finger * but if you guys could really just come to a deal , any deal really with greece that would be great . '', 
  * meanwhile europe can hear in the background * `` american-san i have give the sake to the chinese it is not helping ! '', 
  * china runs around in the background on fire * `` yes , i know its a hard situation but you see china is having a bit of problem , and this could * really , really * turn in to something bad , and we miiiigggghhhhttt need your guys help on this one . 
  so yeahhhhh the faster you get this wrapped up the better . '', 
  `` mmhmm , mhhmmmm , yes i heard about the heat , thats crazy . '', 
  `` yep you too , goodbye ! '', 
  well i was only talking about if imf funds are used which i think everyone agrees it is legit for japan and us to have some influence there . 
  as to your other point , yes it does involve the japanese and the us because of globalization and the fact that we do n't want our biggest group of allies economically weak , or fighting with each other . 
  now should we have as much influence as eurozone countries ? 
  of course fucking not , you guys should obviously have the vast majority say as to what happens . 
  but saying that it does not involve or effect us is completely false . 
  eurozone gave to the imf ? 
  or eurozone gave to greece ? 
  because japan and the us give more to the imf as a percentage and in real money terms than germany , france , uk , italy , netherlands , and belgium combined . 
  which i think should at least give us some say in what deals are reached with imf money . 
  that seems strange considering american aerospace companies are heavily targeted for industrial espionage by france , china , russia , israel etc. 
  america is generally the world leader in aerospace technology . 
  primarily because we dump absurd amounts of money into it . 
  also republicans in texas have a much stronger anti-government libertarian `` do n't fence me in '' streak in them . 
  not that there is not social conservatives in texas , but the `` capital '' of sc in the us would probably be mississippi or arkansas . 
  ok , i am kinda confused here . 
  not saying that i agree with the us spying on france ( i think its stupid ) , but did n't france get busted for spying on everyone in europe a couple of years ago ? 
  especially in regards to industrial espionage ? 
  ohh i have waited so long to be able to use this !, 
  hmmm , fair point . 
  yeah , putin is not a rational leader . 
  being irrational does not mean you are unitelligent . 
  he legitamely thinks the west is out to get him . 
  the invasion was only about year and a half old when the elections took place . 
  most of the controversial information about the war was just really starting to have an effect . 
  bush still only barley won an extremely close election . 
  had the election taken place even a couple of months later , he would have lost . 
  in 2006 when the full picture of what had happened was well known , the democrats had one of their most successful elections ever . 
  2008 was even more of a democrat landslide . 
  forgetting of course the massive backlash republicans faced after the democrats discoverd they had lied/missrepresented information to garner support for the war . 
  keep blaming america for everything like a good little conspiratard . 
  i never debated that the speech was bad , i just pointed out a hole in your logic . 
  you , being unable to refute my point redirected into an irrelavent insult . 
  you then put no effort to try and refute anything that i said , and decided that i was brainwashed so you would not have to challenge your own views , and decided to go fuck off into whatever irrationally anti-american bubble you live in . 
  i never said that i approved of the iraq war , the bush administration , or even american foreign policy . 
  all i did was point out glaring holes in your own arguments . 
  you are obssessed with anti-americanism , and jump through hoops to try and justify it . 
  you then resort to ad hominem attacks , and have the gall to say that i am brainwashed . 
  so ... we still got security council approval after the speech , that you say everyone else thought was `` laughable . '', 
  so apparently , everyone thought we were retarded and then voted approval anyway . 
  right and those marches made the iraq war controversial from the begining , the political ramifications from it are still with the republican party , destoyed bush 's legacy as a president in country and abroad , and were almost the sole topic of debate in the 2004/06 elections . 
  oh , and those debates over iraq , ended up handing the republican party some of its worst political defeats in its history . 
  yep , no substansive debate at all . 
  because not showing pictures or videos of coffins coming back , is the same thing as not telling the families that their child is dead , where he even is in the first place , or where he is even buried . 
  oh yes those coerced countries that the us threatened with ... with ... something . 
  its not possible that they could have come willingly !, 
  if the biggest fallout you can get from not supporting the us is having a food called `` freedom fries '' and some stupid jokes , you have a very low bar for what coercion is . 
  also , what about germany ? 
  there was literally no consequences of any substance for countries that did not go with the us government . 
  if you have to cite conspiracy theories as evidence that have been refuted not just once , but twice , you are grasping at straws . 
  security council approval ? 
  democratic debate ? 
  not hiding our casualties from their families ? 
  actual willing allies ? 
  not assassinating poltical detractors from other political parties ? 
  dae think amerikkka is literally the worst thing ever ? 
  oh but it gets better . 
  these same people where complaining about ethnic diversity in a game featuring * the holy roman empire * .
