  generally the program uses lots of legal language so that for political reasons these countries can say `` we do not own any nuclear weapons . '', 
  it is the same story with italy and netherlands . 
  with both of these governments neither confirming nor denying possession of nuclear weapons ( although i think this may have changed recently ) . 
  also the difference between tactical and strategic nuclear weapons is primarily nomenclature . 
  tactical weapons are slated primarily for battlefield use , strategic for other targets . 
  the b61 is also a variable yield weapon , the us uses it for both strategic and tactical targets . 
  in a nuclear exchange the weapons can be re-purposed as needed . 
  amusing anecdote , i know guys in the usaf who work with the luftwaffe nuclear program . 
  during recovery exercises , luftwaffe security teams actually move in and secure the weapon . 
  then at the last minute 2 american munitions techs run in , physically touch the weapon and say something along the lines of `` we have control of the resource . '', 
  a quick note you guys do have nukes . 
  through some legal language they are owned by the us , but they are stored , secured , and would be delivered by the luftwaffe in a time of war . 
  essentially in a time of war where nukes would be used the npt would be non-binding , germany 's agreement to not have nukes would be moot . 
  therefore , the `` american '' nukes would be fully under germany 's control . 
  germany actually has nuclear weapons . 
  they are just officially owned by the united states . 
  they are kept at german bases , secured by the german military , and delivered by german aircraft . 
  in the even of a nuclear conflict the npt would no longer be binding and germany could do with them what they wanted . 
  germany unofficially controls about 80 nuclear weapons iirc . 
  for a real world example of this look at ukraine . 
  it does not have a nuclear deterrent , and did not fall under any other countries nuclear umbrella . 
  on the flip side since russia has its own nuclear deterrent , it severely limits the actions the us or the eu could take without risking a nuclear exchange . 
  ergo , russia has almost a free hand to do what it wants in ukraine , while the eu and the us have to be much more cautious . 
  we are the schrodinger 's cat of countries . 
  we are both for and against everything on the planet at the same time, 
  right ... 
  it was a sweeping statement , its not supposed to be accurate . 
  it 's as dumb as saying `` everything is america 's fault . '', 
  * tips fedora *, 
  lol , one of the richest countries on earth with one of the highest standards of living . 
  `` poor '' not to mention globally this best time in human history to be alive with the highest standards of living ever expierenced by our species . 
  strange definition of `` fucking things up . '', 
  oh are make sweeping statements now ? 
  well in that case we are trying to hold together a world that you guys raped , pillaged , and exploited for 300 + years . 
  then you have the gall to say america fucked everything up in the 25 years we have been the sole super power . 
  russia : the eu is filled with homosexual weak men who tricked russia into invading ukraine !, 
  eu : no we did not . 
  russia : you see !, 
  they use propoganda to !, 
  oh i agree with your latter point completely , i think if every state assigned its electors like nebraska it would go a long way towards solving the problem . 
  the biggest problems was with our management/labor relationship , which had become so adversarial that both sides routinely told the other to fuck off . 
  manufacturing in the us also looked way to much to the government to protect it , especially the automotive industry . 
  it was clear that there we signs of trouble in the 70 's , but they relied on government protection instead of trying to innovate . 
  the result being that foreign competition ate them for lunch . 
  look at japanese and german companies car manufacturing in the us , they are building more factories here , because its cheaper than germany or japan . 
  hell , many japanese cars are now more made in the us then their american counterparts . 
  economies also change over time , the tech industry is a modern sector that america dominates , before that it was manufacturing , before that it was agriculture . 
  yet you do n't see anyone saying we need to go back to the days where 70 % of the workforce was in agriculture . 
  i 'm also not even going to touch on things like automation . 
  the problem i think is changing expectations of what each branch of gov in the us is supposed to represent . 
  the house of reps is supposed to represent the popular will of the country . 
  since we limited it to 435 members however , it makes it so that high pop states likes california and new york do not carry as much clout as they should . 
  clinton has her lead in the popular vote almost exclusively because of southern california the selection methods for the executive and the senate are meant to give smaller states more say in the government to prevent situations like those between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  except that example does not hold out . 
  manufacturing in the us was killed by competition from other developed countries . 
  the us just refused to adapt , and instead blamed everyone else instead of looking at things like our broken management/labor relationship . 
  remember companies like chrysler were getting bailed out in 80s years before nafta was even passed . 
  that 's because the left in the uk pretty much instituted 5 minutes of hate against thatcher . 
  i remember seeing british millenials celebrating when she died . 
  people who were not even alive or at least cogniscent when she was pm . 
  thatcher ' s reforms pulled the british economy into the modern era . 
  people seem to forgot how absolute shit the uk economy was in the seventies . 
  the same financial sector that massively opposed brexit and provides something like a fifth of uk tax revenues came from this period . 
  those coals mines would not have survived environmental reforms anyway . 
  however since they were closed for fiscal rather than environmental reasons , thatcher = evil . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  trump legitamely won the primaries . 
  what was the party supposed to do ? 
  secondly lots of republicans still hate trump . 
  one the reasons flynn got picked for national security advisor is because many republicans are still refusing to work with trump . 
  http://hotair.com/archives/2016/11/10/report-team-trump-having-trouble-finding-recruits-for-natsec-positions/ make no mistake , the party is giving trump a chance right now because they have to . 
  depending on what happens next year , you could see tons of infighting . 
  especially when it comes to foriegn policy . 
  read this poem out loud . 
  only then have you reached your final english language form . 
  lmao are you fucking serious no it is not like that over here at all . 
  oh you do n't know ? 
  it 's a great political system that has totally worked on every country it has been tried in . 
  trust me , it will work . 
  european countries were \\ are active in all of those conflicts . 
  libya began as a european led intervention . 
  virtually every country in europe including the big 3 of the uk , france , and germany supported/still supports the us in afghanistan . 
  even iraq the most controversial had support from poland , uk , spain , italy and several other european countries . 
  workers rights and food standards . 
  are you serious right now ? 
  internationally both the eu and the us support this . 
  there is disagreement in trade negotiations from time to time but this is not a major issue at all . 
  hell labor standards etc are all over the place in the eu itself . 
  saying that internationally the us does not agree that there should be labor standards , or food safety is laughable . 
  they are ? 
  tell me in terms of international goals what does the eu want that the us does not want or vice versa ? 
  we do n't ? 
  why ? 
  i seriously see this shit all the time * how does a strong eu hurt us interests * ? 
  what ? 
  the us favored remain . 
  the us has always favored and supported the eu and ffs we proved funding to help set it up . 
  that germany narrative is literally russian propoganda . 
  outside of cheeto benito nobody in the us who is not some sycophant to trump actually believes that . 
  why do you think after every time trump meets with some european leader our secdef or secstate has a meeting where the topic of conversation is pretty much `` ignore trump ? '',
