  i think it 's because nasa did most of the legwork on this particular discovery . 
  kinda like how nasa helped with the esa asteroid mission . 
  but obviously the vast majority of the work was european . 
  there is no war because to start a war against nato would be to lose . 
  it is cheaper to spend what we do now on defense and have virtually no risk of global conflict . 
  if you cut spending and someone 's decides to role the dice the cost of that war will absolutely dwarf what we spend now . 
  you only can think that until others start influencing their dominance over you . 
  who let you come across the ocean ? 
  * pushes jcfac back into the closet * sorry guys , they get out from time to time . 
  we ca n't keep track of them all . 
  2 % was the goal agreed to by nato members . 
  france still spends more on defense than germany and they are in an economic malaise . 
  they were at or above the 2 % target for most of the last decade . 
  even now i think they are at like 1.8 or 1.9 iirc . 
  more than reasonable considering the economic situation in france . 
  germany is currently one of the most prosperous countries in europe posting good economic growth and budget surpluses . 
  they are in a much stronger economic state than many eastern european nato members who have weaker economies and still come closer to the 2 % target . 
  countries like norway and the netherlands should also work towards meeting the goal . 
  germany receives special attention because it is arguably the most powerful country in europe and would be a lynch-pin of any nato efforts in europe . 
  historically speaking spending 2 % of your gdp on defense is low . 
  the us only spends 3.5 % of its gdp on defense , the size of the american military is offset by the size of our economy . 
  nato members themselves agreed on the 2 % percent as a reasonable number to pursue . 
  besides i was specifically mentioning germany as not pulling it weight relative to its size . 
  especially considering the uk and france both spend more , and have smaller populations and economies . 
  not to mention given the state of france 's economy , it still comes very close to meeting the targeted goal . 
  under the conditions of the treaty i think that germany is shirking its nato commitments given its position , especially relative to its status as a great power in europe . 
  i 'm not saying that germany needs to do it right now , or it needs to leave the alliance , but i think it would be reasonable for germany to put forward like a 10 year plan to reach the 2 % target . 
  right , it 's reasonable that certain european countries that are still developing should be exempted from the 2 % or even countries in economic downturns like france . 
  in my mind though there is no excuse for a nato member like germany to not meet the modest requirement of 2 % . 
  your statistics are bad and you should feel bad . 
  while i am not pro death penalty i would argue that the amount the us uses the death penalty as well the crimes that earn you the death penalty due constitute a moral difference . 
  i mean if you described the eu to these ww1 era brits and what it entails they would probably ask why on earth would the uk join in the first place . 
  apparently one the world 's most powerful country 's is incapable of standing on its own if it 's not in the eu . 
  it 's a branch rivalry thing . 
  army = soldier marine corps = marine navy = sailor airforce = airmen it 's also kinda considered rude to address someone as part of branch the do n't belong to . 
  marines also have a fondness for nicknames , devil dog , jarhead , leatherneck etc. 
  you fucking serious ? 
  no he does n't not in a million years . 
  and they are not russian either . 
  except it was claimed that crimea was `` never ukranian '' . 
  when reality it is only like that because of a forced deportation less than a century ago . 
  no americans claim that the america was never owned by the first nations . 
  americans recognize that through a combination of some the largest epidemics in human history , and good ole ' wars of conquest we took it from them . 
  some americans know history !, 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  my history is a little hazy here , but i 'm pretty sure that is because the soviet deported all of the ethnicities that used to live there and replaced them with russians . 
  iirc it was the tartars and they moved them all to central asia . 
  for a person saying americans are ignorant and stupid , you are hilariously ignorant about european history . 
  unless this is satire it has to be satire right ? 
  i agree with what you are saying here . 
  his comments are genuinely concerning ( understatement ) to me . 
  i think it makes complete sense for europeans to plan and act more independently in the face of trump . 
  it is what i would do if i was in your position . 
  however it is a long way from that to `` the us is our enemy . '', 
  that was what i was reacting against . 
  one branch of the government , that is led by a man infamous for changing his mind taking back things he has said and being a damn fool in general * might try * to undermine the eu . 
  he already has a historically low approval rating , completely entrenched resistance from every democrat , and republicans waiting in the wings to take him down , and he is not even president yet . 
  trump is not going to be able to undue almost 80 years of american commitments in europe . 
  the moment he tries to `` move '' against the eu or nato the establishment wing of the republicans will unite with the dems and block him . 
  we do n't even need to impeach him . 
  we just need to be able to block his more idiotic policies . 
  trump ca n't unilaterally withdraw the us from nato for example . 
  wow one election , and he has not even been president for one day and this shit happens . 
  fair weather indeed . 
  it had spent most of its life being a massive deterrent in europe though , it had been mutually beneficial for europe and the us , and it has for sure benefited europe more than the us . 
  only a handful of republicans are needed , and there is not much he can do if he starts getting shut down in either the house are the senate . 
  in many cases the answer is actually yes . 
  the us almost completely pulled out after the end of wwii . 
  one of the things truman was heavily criticized over is that he put a hard cap on american defense spending . 
  when korea broke out , and it became clear that stalin had further designs in europe , the us was woefully unprepared . 
  the us was the only power that could realistically counter-balance the soviets in the post war environment , and it was agreed as part of nato that we would massively increase our presence in europe . 
  besides , even now our presence in europe is a shadow of what it used to be during the cold war . 
  wait this is not sarcasm ? 
  this is a well known trend in political science . 
  when a country is attacked in some way , it is actually unusual for approval to decrease . 
  it known as the rally around the flag effect . 
  look at thing like w bush 's approval after 9/11 , putin 's approval once russia started getting sanctioned and denounced for their actions in ukraine , or tony blair 's approval jump after the london bombing . 
  killing an ambassador is faux pax in international relations . 
  especially an ambassador of a major power like russia . 
  it is literally an act of war . 
  countries will overlook things like rigging elections etc , but killing ambassadors ? 
  it just does not really happen . 
  frankly , it would be amateurish for some intelligence agency to do this . 
  if the us wanted to start shit , there would be much more effective ways it could do it . 
  generally speaking , when the world gets to a situation where a nuclear exchange could happen , nuclear capable aircraft are `` generated '' . 
  that means they are put on alert status with the weapons pre-loaded and pilots are put on 24 hour standby and usually have a scramble time of 5 to 15 minutes depends on location iirc . 
  the weakness you mention is just one that inherent to aircraft based weapons as opposed to missile based weapons . 
  it applies to american b2s and b52s . 
  for european powers that is why you have both france and the uk for strategic based weapons . 
  the sam weakness you mention is another one that is inherent to aircraft based weapons . 
  aircraft are used because they have call back ability and are more flexible than missile based assets . 
  as regards to the trust issue . 
  like i said these weapons are defacto german weapons in everything but writing . 
  the us is simply not worried about germany taking these weapons . 
  essentially yes , they are `` officially controlled '' by the us , but that is essentially legal language to allow germany to officially say they do not `` own '' any nuclear weapons . 
  it a similar story with italy , netherlands , and belgium . 
  they are `` officially retained '' by the us , but unofficially germany has access to them . 
  it is sort of a deadman 's switch . 
  they would not want there to be a situation where american c&c was disabled and they would not be able to use them .
