  as it is most of their defense and intelligence apparatuses are so starved for funding they have no choice but to depend on the us or uk . 
  the midwest is the traditional agriculture/manufacturing heart of the us . 
  then thanks to glaciers thousands of years ago , the entire region was essentially rendered flat as a pancake . 
  so you have lots of agriculture and heavy manufacturing , combined with really flat topography in a lot of places . 
  so most of it is not very fun to look at . 
  source : i 'm from illinois, 
  there is actually a fabulous iowa food chain that puts all other pizza makers globally to shame . 
  i give you , [ the pizza ranch ] ( http://www.pizzaranch.com/fooditems/c8 ) go ahead , bask in its glory . 
  10k american troops pour a shit ton of money into the local economy . 
  i do n't think you can call cern a tech company . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the entire right wing in the us has been in a civil war since about 2011-2012 . 
  it 's actually really weird because in the us the right wing has always been really unified . 
  trump has been able to exploit this to great effect . 
  he is currently leading in primary polls in iowa and new hampshire . 
  trump was pre selected ? 
  as well as the other like 10 republican candidates ? 
  be careful . 
  i think the lizard people might be trying to take control of you . 
  for fun !, 
  nuke your friends , relatives , neighboring liked and disliked countries !, 
  yes but your state citizenship is really only determined for state tax purposes and few other things . 
  it should not be looked at like the difference between german and french citizenship . 
  * looks up from a pack of oreos * hmmm ? 
  sorry , what were you saying ? 
  the thing i find interesting is that most of these translate pretty accurately for americans ( in my experience anyway ) as well . 
  at least in a formal conversation . 
  [ it just keeps becoming more and more relevant . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjbpi00k_me ), 
  because your example is anecdotal . 
  if we are going to talk about student loan debt in the us we need to use averages , not examine the debt on a case by case basis . 
  i could do the reverse of your story and say because i was in the military , i have no student loan debt , therefore it is not an issue . 
  right , but the amount is not the issue . 
  it is the ability to repay that debt . 
  the reason that the default rates are getting so high is the inability of the debtors to be able to find employment to repay the loans . 
  actually , for the cost of a ma that is not correct . 
  the cost of a ma in the us varies , but the average is about 30-50k . 
  it can be as high as 120k but it depends heavily on the school or the field the degree is in . 
  in many fields it is also not necessary to have an ma to get employment , and many companies or state governments pay the cost for their employees to recieve an ma . 
  the rising amount of default has more to do with the economic situation in the us , rather than the cost of a degree . 
  as well as the issue of american students receiving degrees that are not that employable this is not to say that there is not issues with american higher education , far from it , but it is not the end of world type situation . 
  our real issue is with our education system from the high school level and lower . 
  lets no blow it out of proportion . 
  college costs are an issue , but the average cost of a degree in the us is about 29k . 
  not exactly a small amount of money , but not an unmanageable one either . 
  the vast majority of americans are fine if they break their leg . 
  our medical system is a fucking mess no doubt , but reddit over exaggerates the issue . 
  please any country in europe would have done what the british did in 16-19th centuries . 
  wait a minute , check that , they all did . 
  the british were just better at it then everyone else . 
  seriously , i thought most of this kind of craziness was confined to this side of the ocean . 
  what liberty have i traded away ? 
  seriously i see this hyperbolic shit so much . 
  you can argue that ( and your mileage will very based on what country you live in ) your privacy rights are being eroded , but nobody in the developed world has `` lost '' any liberties . 
  i feel that english history from henry viii to the glorious revolution could be boiled down to `` we do n't like catholics . '', 
  not really , we actually have a history of our intelligence services being sub-par . 
  the british actually probably have the best clandestine services in the world . 
  especially impressive considering they are an open state . 
  soooo fbi agents are worse than child rapists ? 
  i remember signing the letter forcing the uk to follow us into iraq . 
  the uk a functioning democracy ? 
  unfortunate that they did not act like noble and glorious sweden and just decide to stay neutral and sell weapons to everyone . 
  oh by the way a lot of the optics and weapons like the at4 that we used to kill all those dirty , dirty , brown people came from sweden . 
  i think the difference is how the relationship is conducted . 
  it is one thing to have necessary real politik relationships with countries like saudi arabia or china . 
  it is another thing to prefer those countries over other `` western '' democracies . 
  of all the most random things to rage about ... 
  dont get me wrong , the flag looks awesome . 
  however , the eagle ( it is an eagle right ? ), 
  looks like he just took a bite of something he hated . 
  you sound like some southern baptists i know . 
  is he duel citizenship ? 
  then you could argue that maybe both countries get the credit . 
  if he gave up his irish citizenship though it kinda hard to make that argument . 
  oh i do n't disagree with you . 
  i 'm just trying to point out that it 's not like it 's not like we are back in the 90s over here . 
  i would not push the us recovery too hard . 
  our labor participation rate is the same is what is was during the 70 's , hardly a good economic time for the us . 
  it 's also important to note that the us does not count those people who have stopped looking for jobs towards its unemployment rate , and long term unemployment in the us is at one if its highest points ever . 
  our economic situation is much more fragile than it would appear just looking at our unemployment numbers . 
  most of our economic growth was also tied to the shale gas boom , and now that the price of oil has collapsed , that is going away now as well . 
  those jobs where also not the result of stimulus money . 
  the stimulus packages saved the banks and wall street . 
  while this undoubtedly staved off an even worse economic crisis , it has not returned the us to pre-collapse economic health . 
  political turmoil in asia and europe has also maintained the dollar as the world 's most reliable currency , which has also helped the american economy . 
  remember , there was that brief period in 2007-2008 where people where predicting the euro would overtake the dollar tldr ; the american economy is not chugging along just fine because of stimulus packages . 
  how does one export murder ? 
  i mean do we have murder factories ? 
  well bob looks like it 's going to be hard winter , the bugs got into my murder crop again . 
  i know it 's a tongue and cheek comment , but i honest to god do n't how spaniards would be classified for those purposes . 
  i feel like a university 's admission board would be like this : http://m.imgur.com/klprgwy, 
  dude ... it 's a joke, 
  everyone uses the damn eagle !, 
  it 's not fair !, 
  at least ours is bald !, 
  i hate my own language, 
  we know you still control canada by proxy with the queen . 
  suurrreee she does n't have power anymore . 
  we 've got our eyes on you . 
  as an american i would say the anglosphere in general , with the u.k being a first among equals .
