  you can not make these people happy . 
  its all tied up in the second amendment . 
  as long as the us allows our citizens to own almost any type of firearm that they want , ( which full disclosure , i support ) it is irresponsibly and dangerous to not allow our police to be armed . 
  it was not the long ago , relatively speaking , that your average us cop was not more heavily armed then your average european one . 
  the north hollywood shooutout changed all that . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout people are suggesting solutions to the issue , mandatory body cameras , changing the way these cases are handled in court , etc. 
  it just remains to be seen if they will be adopted . 
  it should be noted that quite a few of these articles/criticism are being written by people outside of the us , primarily the anglosphere . 
  one of the more famous of them ( ca n't remember her name right now ) is canadian , another is acutally polish . 
  also this is something that is heavily divided depending if you are left wing or right wing . 
  it is a very controversial thing in the us . 
  * sigh * did you really just make a comment about how we are supposed to be friendly , then start being rude ? 
  i mean , you could at least not do it in their subreddit . 
  on a side note , you have never head of the term `` ugly american '' ? 
  good ... good let the calories flow through you . 
  take our hamburgers , strike us down , you will become more obese than you can possibly imagine . 
  it ca n't imagine any reasonable scenario where the us would not want a european let alone a western european country on their side . 
  most americans actually see america as a first among equals when compared to europe in foreign affairs . 
  when you guys do n't approve of something we do , it does have political ramifications over here . 
  obama for example , has caught flack from republicans over his treatment of the u.k. 
  i should not even have to mention the backlash bush faced over the lack of support from germany and france for iraq . 
  sorry this may be a stupid question , but i 'm curious . 
  what the relationship like between spain and mexico ? 
  i 've only ever heard that spaniards and mexicans do n't like each other . 
  sorry if it 's an ignorant question . 
  it 's funny that you mention that . 
  in the states we kinda have a similar thing . 
  when visiting europe , most americans will say something along the lines of , `` i 'm going to the u.k / britain then onto europe . '', 
  the u.k is almost always treated as being special compared to the rest of europe . 
  one might even call it a `` special relationship . '', 
  which is why we added alot of the references to god in our government in the 50s ... 
  uhhhh , those companies offer some of the best jobs in the us . 
  a low salary at google for example is around 90k a year before benefits . 
  apple also pays more and offers better benefits to its storefront employees compared to people working in a similar job . 
  it 's also strange to call those listed companies monopolistic . 
  i have never seen or met anyone in the states who says this . 
  virtually everyone thinks our education system is going to shit . 
  they may blame it on different things , or say their state is doing fine compared to others , but no one thinks its doing well . 
  * cackles americanly *, 
  also , do n't mention all the european countries that go with us . 
  they do n't like to be reminded of that . 
  do n't you know ? 
  we manipulate eastern europe for all of its vast resource wealth , because ... because ... ... amerikkka amiright ? 
  you have to consider how long the war lasted . 
  the initial guys who enlisted/commissioned before the war maybe , but after that everyone who volunteered knew what they where getting into.the american military establishment also leans to the right , especially the officer corps , so you are less likely to see criticism from that front . 
  this in anecdotal but i was in from 07 till 13 . 
  i never met anyone who had a negative perception of germany or france for not going into iraq . 
  the only thing i saw was more respect for the countries that went with us , especially uk/poland for whatever reason . 
  finally , consider that us military personnel worked with germany and france in afghanistan . 
  to be fair to the grey lady , they usually advocate for amnesty for america 's illegal immigrants . 
  also i would imagine that a majority of americans would share what appear to be your guys opinion on migrants . 
  i would argue that you guys are more competent . 
  we suck at it . 
  the mark of good intelligence service is * not getting caught * . 
  you guys charge for the butter ? 
  but muh calories !, 
  can i just comment on how cool a name for a warship * absalom * is ? 
  it actually is probably unconstitutional . 
  just no one has bothered to actually challenge the law . 
  it important to remember that on average americans drink way less than europeans , and so its seen as a eccentricity rather than a `` muh freedom '' kind of thing . 
  remember its not illegal to consume it , only to sell it . 
  my wife works at mcgraw hill ( schoolbook publisher ) . 
  they get 8 weeks paid , and can take up to 16 , but the last 8 weeks are not paid . 
  they are also young college aged americans . 
  so all you hear about is student debt , and internet speeds . 
  decoys ? 
  with their stockpile ? 
  they would not even need a quarter of their arsenal to overwhelm the defences . 
  holy god , i heard it was bad there but * jesus * . 
  do n't forgot 30 paid vacation days a year , as well as maternity leave , virtually unlimited sick leave , and emergency leave . 
  very few jobs in the us will give you that . 
  plus the whole free bachelors degree . 
  i mean political issues aside . 
  this just seems like negotiation/bartering 101 ? 
  `` we want this '' `` no '' `` fine then , you ca n't have this . '', 
  * negotiation continues * i mean , from how it has been explained to me , that 's why these things are negotiated in secret . 
  we do n't even have any idea what the final treaty would say . 
  so all , none , or some of this stuff could be in there . 
  that would make all of this mindless speculation correct ? 
  except that europe has a completely native defense industry , one of the world 's largest . 
  if that was actually a concern you could just buy your own weapons . 
  which you already do anyway for the most part . 
  i think the only thing that europeans usually buy from the us is aircraft , and you have tons of regional alternatives for aircraft procurement . 
  how would this relate even if it was america ? 
  america exports the most arms , therefore we wont increase our defense spending ? 
  in all seriousness the anglo-sphere countries all rank highest on individualism globally or close to it . 
  the us has the highest globally with 91 , australia is second with 90 , uk is third with 89 , canada is fourth with 80 , and nz is fifth with 79 . 
  there is some interesting research that shows how this preference for individualism could explain why these countries opposed things like communism much more vehemently than other states during the cold war . 
  how ? 
  the issue was ukraine joining the eu not nato . 
  any presence by nato in ukraine has been by the request of ukraine itself . 
  how has nato promoted us global interests ? 
  what is a `` nato mentality ? '', 
  the war in afghanistan ? 
  if anything europe gets more out of nato than the us does . 
  european countries have been free to join and leave nato as they please it even has precedent with france . 
  also what global interests does the us have that europe does not ? 
  2 out 3 highest positions in nato are held by europeans , and the us does not demand that countries within nato meet certain spending targets or be kicked out . 
  the us does not even have the ability to remove countries from nato even if it wanted to . 
  turkey 's admission to the eu has always been a european matter to be decided by the eu .
