  does that count as cheating ? 
  back to back world war champions . 
  * cue video of a lion and an eagle shooting nazi 's in an 80 's action flick *, 
  i feel like every time helping africa is brought up this video needs to be watched . 
  simply throwing more money at africa is not going to fix the problem . 
  i do n't think you guys realize how critical keeping things at the lowest level possible is in large population democratic governments . 
  big part of the problems that us has is since everything is being pushed up to the federal level and not left to local/state governments as originally intended , people feel like they are not being represented . 
  you can see this with things like voter apathy in the us which is generally much higher than in other democracies , people do n't think the government works for them . 
  people need to know that their voice makes a difference , and the larger the pool of voters is the harder and harder this is to maintain . 
  the biggest thing that everyone is missing is that he was never really attacked . 
  clinton needed his base to turn out and vote for her , so she never brought up things that would really hurt him politically . 
  this would not have been the case against trump . 
  his history as a communist sympathizer during the cold war and his `` honeymoon in the ussr '' would have been everywhere . 
  his support was skewed young , male , and white . 
  not to mention many of his proposals were just as crazy as trump 's , just coming from the left instead of the right . 
  there is no reason to think that the minorities the gave hillary the nomination over bernie would turn out for him in the general . 
  especially considering it looks like they did not even show up for hillary in the general . 
  the demographic that trump dominated would have broken for him over sanders . 
  sanders may have aligned with them economically , but socially they probably could not be more different . 
  bernie sanders would have never won and this needs to be put to bed . 
  he was never really attacked by hillary because she needed his base to vote for her ( which it appears that they did not ) . 
  secondly hillary won because minorities and women voted for her over bernie . 
  considering it appears that they did not turn out for her in large enough numbers to overcome trump . 
  trust me , as soon as `` honeymoon in the soviet union '' and his history as communist/socialist when he was young came out he would be done . 
  never underestimate human stupidity . 
  `` think about how dumb the average person is , then remember that half the population is more stupid than him . '', 
  you think the man that said that the us should torture the families of terrorists , seize the oil of middle eastern contries we have forces in , shoot down russian planes that get too close to us airspace , wants to start a trade war with china , and would abandon nato allies because they do n't `` pay enough '' would be more peaceful ? 
  trump would be horrible for the international climate that the us and the eu dominate . 
  the house is the more populist body of the chambers . 
  it was designed that way on purpose . 
  the resistance to trump comes more from the senate and some state governors , positions that are less susceptible to popular pressure . 
  oh for sure , but my party has pretty much been in open civil war since 2012 , so the chances of that happening were always slim to none . 
  on , some level i wanted someone like cruz to get nominated , then get crushed in the general . 
  hopefully that would put to bed the `` we would win if we nominate * true * conservatives '' nonsense . 
  pretty much the bush administration destroyed the moderate wing 's hold on the party . 
  as for why the democrats also seem to have a big problem with `` the establishment '' i have no idea . 
  i would not say it is the high . 
  i 'd say more like 20 % . 
  i 'm a republican and it 's more hatred for hillary than love of trump among many fellow republicans had the democrats nominated someone who was not the penultimate representation of `` the establishment '' trump would be getting more crushed than he already is . 
  right i 'm not referring to his arguement . 
  i 'm referring to the much more general argument that is made all over subs like world news when this stuff is brought up . 
  what i think is interesting is that this is literally a basic logical fallacy and redditors do it all the time . 
  [ tu quoque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ), 
  when did this happen ? 
  200 children dying in a single drone strike would have been huge news over here . 
  i 'd stay away from it fellow patriot . 
  something like that can only be the work of some godless euro commie . 
  that is not correct either , the f-35 came out of a different program in the 90s , the f-22 was a different program . 
  the us kept the f-35 specifically because it is designed for different roles than the f-22 . 
  the us decided to continue development of the f-35 independent of the f-22 long before it was a multinational project . 
  the f-22 is a air superiority fighter . 
  the f-35 is a multi-role fighter . 
  they have different mission profiles . 
  the f-22 for example can not take off of an aircraft carrier , does not have a vtol variant , and can not carry the same amount of air to ground munitions that the f-35 can . 
  for european countries the f-35 allows them to save costs on not designing their own multi-role fighter , and it gives them access to lo technology , something the us has been extremely hesitant to share up to this point . 
  lo technology is murderously expensive so getting it from your ally rather than designing your own is a smart financial choice . 
  it also gives countries a 5th gen carrier based aircraft . 
  a role for example that the eurofighter can not accomplish . 
  this is not how nato works . 
  yes there are standaization for things like what rifles rounds to use , but the us does not force anyone to use their products . 
  everyone pretty much designs their own stuff to use around the decided standard . 
  almost no one in nato uses the m4/m16 except the us . 
  france , germany , italy , the uk , and the us all use a different mbt . 
  the same is true for naval ship design . 
  about the only area where the us has major market share in europe is in aircraft . 
  even then most countries still have domestic alternatives . 
  the f-35 is the more the result of how fucking expensive modern aircraft are , so there is cost sharing . 
  if nato did america 's bidding the entire alliance would have followed us into to iraq for example . 
  america also buys a shit ton of products from european arms manufacturers as well , it is not a one way street . 
  america 's outsize influence in nato is pretty much because we pay the most into it . 
  it 's the flagship left wing newspaper in the us . 
  it 's editorial board would consider 90 percent of the comments in threads relating to the migrant issue racist . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/06/29/paul-ryan-urges-new-trade-deal-with-the-u-k-but-others-say-its-too-soon/ http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2016/06/30/republicans-push-for-bilateral-trade-agreement-with-the-u-k/ paul ryan is obviously the speaker , the most powerful elected republican . 
  he has a great deal of influence in setting policy . 
  also , never underestimate the ability of obama saying one thing to cause republicans to do the opposite . 
  depends , republicans have already come out and said that a new trade deal with the uk is one of if not the top foreign policy tasks going forward . 
  democrats have been quiter on the issue . 
  the only thing that has been said i believe was obama saying that the uk would go to the back of the line . 
  honestly i see it being pushed pretty hard by congress . 
  they could take alaska and most of us would probably not notice . 
  except that the individual country 's government ireland is not happy with this result either ... 
  rip you off ? 
  ireland offered this deal to apple . 
  i like it how everyone in here overlooks that and choose to focus on evil amerikkkan corporation and ignore that minor fact . 
  or the fact that the irish government is unhappy about this as well . 
  i am not sure that is necessarily true . 
  i think that it is more that we now have much easier access to different sources of information . 
  obviously i cant speak for the journalistic climate in countries outside the us , but before the nineties you would have received all of your information from maybe a couple of mainstream news channels and newspapers . 
  this meant that you only received info from the stories that they wanted to cover , i am not implying maliciousness , just stating that the was the nature of media at that time . 
  to reuse the example from above , 20 years ago you would have only had the cropped video of the clash between migrants and the police , you would not have been able to easily access a different video feed of the same event . 
  there are also tons of example of journalists not reporting the whole story in era of `` credible journalism . '', 
  a couple famous examples of this in the us for example : [ civil rights movement in the us ] ( https://iconicphotos.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/famousphotojpg-a5c4d165678adfdd.jpg?w=700&amp;h=535 ) [ vietnam ] ( https://cherrieswriter.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/vietnam073-xl.jpg ) the us media carried water for the us government in particular during the cold war . 
  they did not report for example on the more controversial aspects of us foreign policy ( overthrowing governments in south america or iran for example ) . 
  now , i have access to media from literally every country in the world , and can just talk to people from the countries where these events are happening and receive a more accurate narrative . 
  i mean i really do n't think we properly appreciate how easy it has become to communicate with each other , especially across great distances , in just the last 20 years . 
  while there was some reduction from nafta , manufactoring in the us had been in decline for decades before it passage . 
  to use detroit for an example again , there is a reason the original robocop ( 1987 i believe ? ), 
  took place there . 
  also free trade helps the poor the most as it increases their purchasing power . 
  there is not even evidence that the trade with mexico has been damaging .
