  everyone always says nafta killed detroit , but that is a bs claim . 
  detroit got killed by decades of incompetent labor/management leadership as well as racial tensions , but the biggest factor was competition from european and especially japanese automakers ( you can add korean automakers now as well ) . 
  chrysler for example , had to be bailed out by the us government in the 80 's , well before the passage of nafta . 
  what trade demands did we make that were absurd ? 
  barring some major incident , it 's looking like he is going to get crushed . 
  it looks like fucking georgia ( no , not that georgia ) is actually competitive for clinton . 
  hell some polls are showing him tied with clinton in * south fucking carolina * . 
  if this does not mean anything to you , it would be like the snp would be tied with the tories for winning an election in glasgow . 
  right and this transfer of power would most likely be a good thing for the us . 
  we are currently overcommitted trying to hold the international order together . 
  a united europe would allow the us to fully pivot to asia and it 's defense commitments there , because russia for example , would not dare provoke a united europe . 
  in addition things like the intervention in libya would not require our assistance as a ue ( united europe ) would not need our military support . 
  when it comes to foreign policy the eu and the us rarely have substantial disagreements , iraq being the most notable . 
  even then , europe was split over supporting the us on the issue . 
  in addition , many countries refused to support the us in 03 , with no negative consequences of any merit for those states that refused to support the us . 
  any disadvantages by a hypothetical ue becoming a `` rival '' to the us would be easily outweighed by the benefits to the us . 
  another superpower that shares so many of the us 's values , beliefs , etc is a boon , not a burden . 
  why ? 
  every individual european economy is smaller than the us right now , by many orders of magnitidue . 
  it does not effect them negatively . 
  economies are not mutually exclusive . 
  if a united europe had a larger economy than the us it would not have a negative impact on the us economy . 
  a more powerful europe does not negatively effect the us . 
  indeed it would help it , as a united europe would be able to act more efficiently on its own security , taking that burden off the us . 
  well for sure , but trade negotiations are very different than say , the eu/europe and the us believe women have a fundamental right to a voice in the political process . 
  well on the surface the us opposes the measure , but respects the right of those countries to choose their own path . 
  that is exactly what we did with the british referrendum . 
  the us knows that europeans are very sensitive to perceived meddling in their intergovernmental affairs ( hell some of the responses in this thread proves it ) . 
  even obama stating his opinion that the uk would be better in the eu was viewed as meddling by some brits . 
  now these leaks may change everything about what i just said , but in the absence of credible evidence that is stated us policy . 
  except defeating the eu has never been a goal of us policy . 
  the us government has been pro eu since the begining and has pretty much always encouraged more european integration . 
  i do n't know where this idea got started that the us views a federalized europe or a strong eu as something to be afraid of . 
  it 's the opposite , a united europe would be an extremely powerful ally . 
  a strong eu does not weaken the us . 
  the us does not view its relationship with the eu as adversarial . 
  to be fair , the british laid the foundation during the 19th early 20th century . 
  we just continued the trend when they passed the torch so to speak . 
  seriously , look up a map of the mid-west , then realize that is all pretty much corn , soybeans , and wheat . 
  its pretty much just this for hundreds of miles . 
  the bottom part of your argument is kinda silly if we are trying to do a serious comparison . 
  i have much easier access to yellowstone national park , or the grand canyon . 
  i can live in every different kinda of climate i want without leaving the country , literally tundra to rain forest . 
  it 's much easier for me to get georgia peaches , or florida oranges , i have much easier access to disney world etc. 
  these are geographic conveniences , they should not be taken that seriously in these kind of comparisons . 
  as to your argument yes healthcare is a big concern but if you look at actual data driven points , americans on average still have higher qol ratings then the vast majorities of europeans . 
  oecd puts us ahead of every major european power , and the only ones the beat us are norway , sweden , denmark , switzerland , and finland . 
  even then , australia beats every european nation but norway , and canada is only a little bit behind them . 
  optics like the m68 , anti tanks weapons like the at4 , about 4 or 5 different small arms that i can think of , and not rarely issued weapons either . 
  not to mention tons of high tech contracts through bae . 
  germany played a large part in helping us design the m1 abrams , because we are generally shit at tank design . 
  there is more , but that is what i can think of off the top of my head . 
  well then good news !, 
  victoria is the english leader in 6 . 
  negotiations of yes , but not the ratification . 
  drones are the new sexy military thing to protest . 
  nukes are so 1980 's somehow dropping a bomb from an aircraft vs from a dude in box a thousand miles away is more moral . 
  japan still has a different culture when it comes to suicide . 
  while there has been change since the end of wwii , it is still notably less taboo then it is in western societies . 
  i highly , highly doubt ea said `` do n't put the french in . '', 
  also as noted elsewhere , this is not even the official release of what nations will be represented , it 's fan made . 
  dice are the game designer who are swedish , and would choose which nations are represented . 
  you attempted to blame america for this . 
  that moment when you accuse americans of being ignorant and dumb , and do n't check where dice is based out of . 
  this is coming out of the main studio in sweden . 
  except that the us has the express permission of the countries were it puts these defense systems . 
  it would be different if the us was just some how parking these systems in these countries and they did not want them . 
  the us is doing this `` provocation '' because it 's eastern european allies want an increased us military presence . 
  if it was unclaimed or international water russia might have an argument . 
  since when has ukraine not been a part of europe ? 
  uhhh ... you may want to rethink your argument . 
  saying `` defense = attack '' is really shitty logic , if you are trying to say russia is being non agressive . 
  yes it does ? 
  leader of the free world does not mean you act like an angel . 
  hell half of our more horrible actions during the cold war were to assist our european allies , in areas that used to be their purviews . 
  that argument make sense now , but you can not make it in the context of the cold war . 
  the us essentially determined anti-soviet strategy for the capitalist democracies that were opposed to the soviet union , and that is where the term comes from . 
  it 's a holdover term from the cold war . 
  the us was unquestioningly the leader of the 1st world non soviet aligned states . 
  since this contained the vast majority of the world 's legit democracies : `` leader of the free world . '', 
  not to mention the us played a massive role in setting up the post wwii international institutions . 
  especially in the 20 or so years after the end of wwii . 
  ironically , the same international institutions that cheeto benito criticises as being `` un-american . '', 
  right , but the point is saying the bible is `` pro-slavery '' can not be considered to be correct , considering that it was also used as a anti-slavery document . 
  if you say the bible is `` pro-slavery '' you are either being facetious , or have a very limited knowledge of christian history and theology . 
  he also likes to ignore how christianity was a huge part of the anti-slavery movement in both europe and the us . 
  the germans and the french in ww1 all believed in the bible the british and the russians in the crimean war all believed in the bible . 
  the french and the british in the napoleonic wars , the 7 years war , and the hundred years war , all believed in the bible . 
  the holy roman empire and the lombard league all believed in the bible . 
  i imagine most of it has to do with our infrastructure . 
  american cities are infamous how they are designed for traveling by car and having poor public transportation . 
  i 'm also imagining crime probably hurts us as well . 
  i mean , as far as visiting is concerned , i do n't really think this list should affect your thinking that much . 
  pay nyc prices ? 
  do you mean in like the whole country or soemthing ? 
  conventional means non nuclear powered . 
  all us submarine classes are nuclear powered . 
  oh no for sure . 
  i was just firing from the hip and taking a guess . 
  looking into it , european astronomers found it first than it became a collaboration between the two .
