also most of udmr 's votes , no matter what their leader dictates , they wo n't vote for ponta . 
  stop confusing gypsies with us , please . 
  :-d true story . 
  i 'm trekking thru the romanian mountains/forests for years and years and i 've never seen one bear . 
  i 've seen bear tracks , and snakes , yeah , but no bears . 
  they are avoiding humans , if possible . 
  robbery ? 
  no way . 
  maybe if you 're getting drunk with some local rednecks , you 'll wake up without your iphone , but that 's about it . 
  :-) ) it is a pretty safe country . 
  it really is . 
  at least here in romania i 've seen all those footages in the news . 
  wtf . 
  what a bunch of crap . 
  this is awesome !, 
  thank you , thank you !, 
  grece does not have ( never had ) the economy to pay those eur1000 pensions , which are bigger than in many other european countries . 
  it 's simple math , in my eyes . 
  it is romanian . 
  got to visit poland sometime soon . 
  the auto industry and its humongous pollution has a way bigger impact on our health than second hand smoking does . 
  and that 's a fact , not some hipster nonsense . 
  go and take a deep breath of air on calea victoriei , you 'll see what i mean . 
  what about the car you drive ? 
  is n't it affecting my civic liberty ? 
  you 're practically killing this planet with all that horrible pollution . 
  that 's ok , right ? 
  who cares , you wo n't be around when it 'll all go down the drain . 
  they found some bigger firecrackers , and some airsoft gear , people . 
  that 's it . 
  yes . 
  there 's no better time . 
  whoa , good stuff so far !, 
  :-) thanks !, 
  romania : strongradio http://www.strongradio.ro/ erdely fm http://tunein.com/radio/erdely-fm-s105823/ tananana http://tananana.ro/, 
  that would be truly horrible . 
  he genuinely has no idea whom erdogan is . 
  whoa , that is so funny . 
  not . 
  here in romania , also . 
  true story . 
  the biggest factor . 
  romania is appealing mainly because you can get away by paying ~ eur 5-700 to your employees , not eur 2-3000 or more in other countries . 
  :-) companies do n't come over here for the cuisine or the beautiful sunsets , let 's face it . 
  well in a sense that we have both mountains and sea . 
  and lots more , geographically speaking . 
  :-) so yeah , for a nature lover , romania has more to offer . 
  but you still have way more tourists , even though romania 's a bit cheaper ( bucharest is an exception - it 's more expensive than budapest ) . 
  the reasons are quite simple : budapest + balaton + better road infrastructure + vecinity to the germanic nations . 
  :-) p.s. 
  ca n't wait to visit budapest again this autumn . 
  i love that city . 
  lol . 
  lots of artists greet the romanian public with `` good evening , budapest ! '' . 
  they make no difference whatsoever between our countries , it 's a fact . 
  :-) we just got ta live with this . 
  our country as a whole is prettier , but budapest is 50 times more awesome than bucharest . 
  true . 
  right . 
  the average leave voter had no idea who schulz is . 
  none . 
  it was a good game , true . 
  i really do n't like this team of ours , maybe that 's why i 'm a bit biased . 
  :-) they 've played nothing so far , we got lucky at the draw , and we must go further . 
  no excuses . 
  sure thing . 
  france played a lousy game , i think that 's the sole reason we played a decent one . 
  :-) we had our chances , but they had theirs too . 
  still , they always had that 5 % extra football in them . 
  in ball control , in passes , in everything . 
  europe desperately needed some black sheep . 
  we won the casting . 
  we 're that good . 
  see ? 
  this confusion is a pretty common one . 
  italy 's rome does n't get associated with romas , but romania does . 
  i have absolutely no problems with them , that 's why i was wondering what 's up . 
  :-) so it 's the same old romanian-roma confusion . 
  that 's sad . 
  why do n't you poles like us , romanians ? 
  maaan , i 've never been there but i love that country . 
  :-) ) had to google that one . 
  wtf , france ? 
  :-) ) ) the place i live in has them ( one romanian , and one eu flag ) on every damn lightpole . 
  my thoughts also . 
  of course it 's not . 
  budapest is pretty awesome too . 
  maaan , i love that city !, 
  the protests are something huge . 
  we could have skipped all the dancing , the singing and flag , that 's all . 
  but hey , that 's just my 5 cents . 
  it 's not just some touristy castle , there are some officials there , the president , i think . 
  i know . 
  true , but we should find common grounds and forget all that primitive racial/ethnic hate . 
  we should focus in a completely different direction . 
  i 'm trying to think as an european , not as a romanian/hungarian/serbian / albanian . 
  i truly believe we are all the same , so we should act like it . 
  jesus christ , get over it already . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  come on .
