   the presence of bullet proof glass . 
  i 'm sure it 's quite comment , but it 's still surprising to see merkel , obama , ect standing behind it . 
  tells you something about the double-speak does n't it ? 
  `` we 're all friends , sometimes friends need bulletproof glass between them ''  the number of germans happily waving american flags , despite the fall in popularity , especially including the nsa scandal . 
  yes , all these carefully selected and vetted germans sure seem to be enthusiastic about the man they went through some trouble to see . 
  hollow words from people who understand nothing other than conflict . 
  i hope they do it though , i do n't like them . 
  what statement of theirs do you disagree with exactly ? 
  or is it because you can not fault the message that you attack the messenger ? 
  what statement of theirs do you disagree with exactly ? 
  or is it because you can not fault the message that you attack the messenger ? 
  i kind of resent the way protest is `` hip '' now . 
  it seems as though everything that happens is only worthwhile if it shows up on twitter ( and becomes * trending topic * ) . 
  i do n't think these protests are all that democratic to be honest , it looks as though the majority of the turks like erdogan and his islamism just fine . 
  the image we get here in the west might well be strongly skewed by the use of social networking which gives the idea that this group of ( generally young , hip ) people represent a larger movement simply because of the massive volume of `` news '' and one-sided opinions being voiced on the subject . 
  a dutch journalist living in istanbul went into a more conservative neighborhood and interviewed some locals who gave a strong impression that this `` revolution '' is at least as much hype as it is a revolution . 
  and they 're damn right too . 
  people are giving it up way to easily imho . 
  in my experience they have an almost machine-like politeness over them, 
  bitch please , come to holland and see how it 's done . 
  i might be a cynic but it seems to me like this move is deliberately being executed very slowly to allow for maximal destruction in syria . 
  assad is winning right now which would be bad outcome for europe , the usa and israel but if the rebels win there is no telling who will seize control and odds are it wo n't be the moderate majority but rather the militant sunni groups that have joined the fsa ( think al nusra and the like ) . 
  if and when weapons are given ( beside the aid they already receive from saudi arabia and qatar apparently ) they will probably be supplied only sparingly under the pretense of worries about where the weapons will end up so as to drag out this civil war as long as possible . 
  turkey is not europe so i guess the part of turkey that is on european soil is also excluded in this map ? 
  hey look !, 
  a map of civilization !, 
  how the hell else are you supposed to keep the hair out of your eyes ? 
  you can join us but you 'll have to stop speaking french and become completely dutch . 
  it 's a win-win really . 
  good because it 's crap like today that shows us why turkey has no place in the eu . 
  i rally do n't see the problem here , two consenting adults agreed to a somewhat unusual act on t.v. 
  why is that a problem ? 
  as for the sexual connotation this apparently holds for some people , not everything involving one of our sexually characteristic body parts constitutes `` sex '' . 
  a breast exam is not sex ; a visit to the urologist is not sex ; being nude in public is not sex . 
  people need to grow the fuck up , on this website you might get the impression that north american puritanism is the norm as opposed to the prudish , backward childishness it really is . 
   do you ever travel by train yes . 
   utrecht yes . 
  no beggars like you see in the countries around us ( read : people sitting on the street looking horrible and asking for money ) , a bum or two maybe but more often then not simply none at all . 
  do n't give me that crap about opening my eyes , i also visit the `` shadier '' parts ( insofar as we have those ) and although the signs of poverty are sometimes more obvious i never see people sleeping in the train stations or in parks . 
  how many beggars do you see here in the netherlands ? 
  i never see any . 
  i have no doubt they will go to great lengths to avoid having to give up syria . 
  actual military intervention could be a pr disaster ( although fighting muslim fundamentalists is not the toughest sell in russia ) but do n't forget they also sent troops to support the serbs in the bosnian war . 
  it would n't be particularly surprising if they already had a fair share of `` advisers '' on the ground to accompany the ever increasing flow of military tech from russia to syria . 
  a nice example is the russian promise to ship s300 sams to syria if israel attempted another airstrike , that means the missiles are ready to be shipped or even already there . 
   i thought the proposal had been shot down because countries could n't come to an agreement ? 
  actually that 's exactly why it is happening , for an embargo to be placed on a country the vote must be unanimous . 
  britain and france were n't willing to vote for an extension to the present embargo and as such there is no more embargo . 
  assad is winning right now and assad is no friend of the west . 
  with assad in the ground the link between hezbollah and iran would be severed . 
  this would strengthen western influence in the region as the shiite axis is broken . 
  by supplanting assad ( or at least removing him ) russian and chinese influence is weakened in the middle east which is the key region in eurasian landmass . 
  there is good reason for this proxy war . 
  as for the people of syria , they 're definitely pulling on the short end for the time being . 
  either they could n't find them or they refused to accept the data . 
  eitherway , it 's bad . 
  bastards probably had it measured in a sauna !, 
  you do realize that this would open the door to a more growth oriented eu policy right ? 
  you 'd probably achieve more societal benefit by properly instructing people from a young age about which substances have which effects and why certain drugs like heroin and methamphetamine are best left alone . 
  it would cost a fraction and people would be left in * informed * freedom ( so actual freedom ) to make their own choices . 
  free treatment and instruction would be cheaper and more beneficial to society than senseless repression , you only need to look at the american prohibtion era to see an obvious example of why repression is ineffective . 
  he may be a massive knob but he usually has a point . 
  why ? 
  do you think all dutch people use drugs ? 
  just because we decriminalized personal use of soft-drugs a little earlier than the rest of europe does not mean we use the stuff more , quite the opposite in fact . 
  what the fuck is the netherlands supposed to look like ? 
  [ well ... ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/37162448.jpg ), 
  i 'm dutch and from rotterdam and i 'd like to distance myself from this amsterdam-style self-congratulatory autofellatio before this thing kicks off again . 
  amsterdam is not holland ( it 's * in * holland though and holland is a perfectly good way to refer to the netherlands because nobody can pronounce `` the netherlands '' easily anyway ) , it 's just one city and it 's basically only there so tourists leave the rest of the country alone . 
  per item prices may ( obviously ) vary but on the whole , as this graphic shows , prices are quite high in the nl . 
  no , i 'm dutch and everything is fucking expensive here . 
  almost always when i go on vacation i have a great time simply because my money buys me more stuff . 
  holy crap !, 
  i loved everything about the norwegian entry !, 
  good , no reason to refrain from rational statements simply because some barbarians in the middle east do n't like it . 
  britain is historically not an inside power in on the european continent . 
  partly because they usually do n't * want * to be overly involved in continental politics and partly because they are geographically separated from it . 
  a border conflict at sea rarely gets quite so violent as they tend to on land ( e.g. 
  germany and france are the most powerful ( economically and military ) on the european continent and are culturally ad historically most likely to become the main players in any serious ( dangerous ) divide in european politics ; it is therefor absolutely vital that they remain firmly ( and if at all possible , happily ) politically and economically intertwined . 
  no it ca n't . 
  france is the most important link between `` the north '' and `` the south '' and even more importantly france has historically been the counterpoint for german influence in europe . 
  to prevent another war in the european continent is to unite germany and france , to divide them is to set the timer for future conflict . 
  if the union were to lose members one by one germany and france should be the last to leave . 
  i guess he wo n't be hired after his trial period then ... 
  if teachers are an acceptable target that should tell you all you need to know about the future of greece ... 
  for fucks sake , way to twist my words . 
  to give in to religious fanaticism is a step backwards as compared to enlightenment . 
  women-only swimming hours and anti-gay-marriage protests are forms of religious fanaticism in action , they are contrary to enlightenment . 
  i am not opting to ban * anything * i am pointing out examples of backwards social trends that deserve * protest * , there is a chasm of difference between the two approaches . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  who says rational thinking is a democratic affair ? 
  one man can be right while all others are wrong . 
  with your kind of thinking people like charles darwin would still be ridiculed in the developed world . 
  so anything that moves us back to the ways of thinking and acting pre-enlightenment would be classifiable as `` backwards '' . 
  think of crap like special women-only swimming hours for muslim women and anti-gay-marriage protests , there was no gay-marriage prior to the age of enlightenment but it flies directly in the face of the general spirit of personal freedom and the release from religious dogma . 
  your nick implies that you are 27 years old , it ` s painful to see how simpleminded 27 year old greeks are ... 
  i can only hope you ` re not representative but judging by what i ` ve seen of greeks lately i fear the worst . 
  not $ 700.000 billion but $ 700 billion , 
  to think how much better they could have it if they would sell off those gaudy baubles and used the money to put their kids through school ... 
  money does not flow from memberstates to * any * institution without consent from their governments .
