  plus , we do n't have to elect them , elections cost a lot of money . 
  another , much more important bonus is that our head of state is politically unaffiliated , something that is almost impossible when you have to elect a president . 
  i guess that 's what early adoption causes , once you 're ahead of the rest you can sit still and enjoy the splendor of internet explorer 6.0 while the rest of the world muddles along ... 
   the west is full mosques and no go zones which will soon by under sharia law i do n't know what you 're smoking but it must be good . 
  this thread is one of the the few * honest * threads in this subreddit . 
  if people were a little more up-front in this place we might actually get somewhere . 
  then again , that just might be my rude dutch nature talking . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  more `` free '' money ? 
  turn on the printing press and make it all just go away ? 
  neither of those options solve anything either , they would just recreate the old * status quo * and set europe up for the next crisis . 
  better to force the greeks to become a modern european nation and make sure that once greece starts climbing out of this mess there will be state that is actually ready for the future rather than keeping a sick man sick because we 're too weak to cut out the rotting flesh . 
  this is huge progress !, 
  in the old days your future overlords would just confront you with the fact when it came rather than giving you time to get used to the thought . 
  maybe if they 'd bother to flush once in a while ... 
  that very concept is wrong , nobody `` gets '' to govern , to get power you must take it . 
  the socialists and the greens always play themselves out of the game with extreme , unmovable demands . 
  oh who cares , as long as people refuse to pay taxes and keep voting for idiots like tsiripas while waving hammer-and-sickle banners and shouting at the `` bourgeoisie '' to leave the `` proletariat '' alone ( are you fkn kidding me ?!, 
  what is this , 1920 ?! ), 
  greece is going nowhere soon . 
  lower tax-rates and fewer progressive tax levels . 
  ok i 'll take the bait . 
  they are left of center , they 're doing more for income-equality than the socialist party or the greens ever have . 
  `` looks away '' ?!, 
  the rest of europe is n't looking away , this subreddit is continually polluted with posts about the crap that goes on in greece !, 
  it seems like on some days every other post is about the golden dawn . 
  perhaps a better question is how far greece ever really moved * away * from tyranny in the first place , as long as things are good the raw sides of politics usually stay hidden in fuzzy apathy . 
  possibly we 're not seeing what greece is becoming but simply what it always was . 
  as a northerner i ca n't help but feel a little superior when i hear crap like this ... 
  i do n't want to and i know i probably should n't but damn it italy !, 
  europe has been split between north and south since the romans and the german peoples more than 2000 years ago . 
  what else is new ? 
  i know it 's wrong but somehow the irony of people dying a gory death during halloween is mildly amusing to me ... 
  you mistake me for a defeatist but i 'm not . 
  i 'm actually very pleased that politicians do n't let temporary unrest influence their decision making . 
  i just do n't think impulsive outcries are a particularly useful guideline . 
  i enjoy seeing things like this unravel in perfect predictability while the participants think they 're changing the world , 
  so a group of people ( of whom many probably dont even have a job ) are going on strike ? 
  for one day a tiny portion the laborforce will yell random things at disinterested politicians who will respond by uttering a few meaningless banalities . 
  politicians from opposition parties will blame all that is not well on he ruling parties and people will nod fervently without thinking about a word they 've just nodded to . 
  at the end of the day disgruntled and bored youngsters will riot and break a few windows of shops and houses of people who have nothing do with anything . 
  arrests are made , policemen are called `` nazis '' . 
  then everything settles down and people go home . 
  the next day perfunctory statements are made decrying the violence and harsh language and the protests and strikes are forgotten as other trivialities take over . 
  nothing will change . 
   say the english , no wonder really . 
  when you consider the english mindset which seems to be dominated by :  it 's always been the continent against the island has n't it ? 
  in the english minds at least . . 
  this `` poor-old-blighty '' - circlejerk again ? 
  it 's always been the continent against the island has n't it ? 
  in the english minds at least . 
  so far the country that is trying its hardest to not only leave the union but to actively destabilize it is and always has been the uk . 
  to assume that such an attitude would coincide with a desire to make deals `` that better suit them '' is not so much of a stretch . 
  it 's a start , 
  say the english , no wonder really . 
  i agree with will_holmes that this is certainly a positive trend . 
  search / r/europe for posts about the netherlands and see how little attention they attract . 
  to europe we are a politically insignificant province of germany . 
  until someone needs money of course . 
  this is a thread about the netherlands , except for a few dutch folks nobody will give a damn . 
  as long as we pay and shut up everybody is happy . 
  just to see it fail ? 
  i guess you would like that . 
  i hope the eu succeeds and leads to a european superstate that will lead the world in enlightenment . 
  perhaps such a neighbour could convince the turks to embrace free speach etc. 
  man !, 
  if i had more money i would live there like a king !, 
  i wonder when the crisis will finally hit the netherlands ... until then , wheeeee !, 
  the idea is to store heat in the summer by heating groundwater and use it to heat the bicycle paths to above-freezing temperatures in the winter . 
  such systems are in use in greenhouses already and are very popular . 
  of course there is a cost associated but it would be offset by decreased medical costs and sheer awesomeness . 
  you 're still pissing off the dutch because royal dutch shell has its headquarters in the netherlands ( and is considered quintessentially dutch ) . 
   simple : educate the masses as it turns out education of the masses makes them troublesome and independent , old-world nobility really does n't benefit . 
   why the hell would we want to belong to this when we are outside the euro and are masters of our own destiny when it comes to fiscal matters if you really were the masters of your own fiscal matters that would make sense but since british banking is in no small part dependent on the continent there is a strong codependency . 
  spanish houses and greek insurances are just as much a problem for british banks as they are for continental banks and they are traded in euro 's so the implication that there is such a thing as british fiscal independence is a bit of an illusion . 
  in effect the british isolationist stance on the euro only results in * less * british independence as the british banks are reliant on policy shaped by non-british governments . 
  to argue that british isolation is a solid policy , or even the only policy to make sense to people with a brain is thus clearly doubtful ( and probably just parroting tory rhetoric ) . 
  which is well and good but when the rest of europe is looking for further integration and gb keeps on flashing veto 's it should be no surprise that eventually gb will be left behind , with all possible side-effects . 
  the simple fact is that a huge share of british trade goes through the continent , to spurn all political movement towards a union is to spurn trade opportunity and power . 
  the age in which the english could choose isolation is long past , the drawbridge has been replaced by a tunnel , 
   this is how shrinks make money . 
  and how greeks answer difficult questions . 
  since when ?!, 
  the last dutch government fell because the demagogue geert wilders decided to blow up a perfectly crappy government in order to capitalize on the resulting confusion . 
  hilariously enough his machinations backfired and now he 's out of government and fast on the road towards being a lonely , scared , angry man . 
  as for your `` childish game '' - comment ... 
  i might try to convince you of the error of your ways but seeing your previous comments and knowing the `` level '' of greek public `` debate '' i wo n't bother . 
  bitch please !, 
  for 17 trillion euro we could * buy * the southern european countries . 
  discussions are not helped by this kind of vacuous conjecture . 
  except that that is n't the whole story , is it ? 
  the whole business with bhv would have never happened if the french-speakers would give-and-take rather than-take-take . 
  no , i would not like that . 
  why should we want a french-speaking region in our country ? 
  we have our own language . 
  we share neither culture nor language with the walloons , let them rejoin france . 
  you do n't even rule brussels , the french speakers have brussels now . 
  even today the french speakers effectively hold power over the flemish by refusing to give anything and trying to take everything . 
  and it 's working , look at how the language borders are shifting . 
  or maybe they wo n't like it and decide to join the netherlands in a new state ; the second republic of the low countries .
