i have nothing to add but the hope that the lack of `` simple ways out '' will force a useful compromise . 
  and perhaps that i wish more posts were like yours !, 
   as for austerity its only good if you 're a right winger who can afford it - most regular people cant . 
  that not really true if austerity is implemented by socially interested political parties . 
  political parties are * elected * in europe which means the policies that are created and enforced are essentially condoned by the voting populations of europe !, 
  to say that austere policies are by nature antisocial makes no sense , spending as much as you have only can be done in many different ways . 
  you can tax the rich progressively ; you can lower taxes for everybody or you can tax everybody more ( and thus hit the poorest more than the others ) . 
  all these policies have drastically different outcomes and not all are necessarily `` antisocial '' or `` neo-liberal '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  forcing countries with shitty economic policies to make changes is not a bad thing in the long run . 
  do n't be fooled by all the ranting from people who do n't understand what austerity is , eventually it is a force for good . 
   it 's true , remember the uk is currently one of the fastest growing economies in the western world , whilst countries such as germany are heading back into recession . 
  now if you take these numbers and simply extrapolate them to the 2030 's you will see i 'm right . 
   one of its big three i think most of europe considers the uk `` the first after the big two '' rather than `` one of the big three '' . 
  pretty much every serious text on geopolitics will attest to the notion that european continental politics are settled by `` germany ( and it 's camp ) '' and `` france ( and theirs ) '' . 
  whether or not you agree is another thing perhaps but this is certainly a huge element in european policy making . 
  one of the uk 's biggest allies in the continent is my homeland ( the nl ) but even here european politics is seen as a game between germany and france . 
  what is your personal expectation as a greek ? 
  do you expect things to stay the same , improve or worsen ? 
  ( economically ), 
  honestly who even cares ? 
  we 're talking about a nearly uninhabited island with a tiny population in the middle of an ocean . 
  if they join that 's nice , if they do n't it will make exactly no difference at all . 
  if europeans would spend the energy they spend on petty shit on useful things we 'd have solved cancer by now ... 
  italy is being saddled with the costs of taking care of the people who get rescued on the mediterranean which is why they 're looking for ways to pressure the passive countries in the eu ( who are perfectly fine with italy getting the bill for protecting the * collective * border ) . 
  the uk is becoming more and more xenophobic and uninterested in the welfare of the eu ( as evident from the politics of cameron and the popularity of ukip ) which is considerably less reasonable than the italian case imho . 
  is the uk actively trying to get kicked out of the union so they do n't have to do it themselves ? 
  even russian officials are n't denying direct military involvement in ukraine anymore . 
  there are fresh graves filled with russian soldiers from pskov for a reason . 
  please do n't be so selective in your critical thinking and try to do n't what * everyone * says !, 
  considering russian production levels that means pretty much everybody is fucked except for a very small clique . 
  i wonder how long that will be a `` winning strategy '' . 
  that 's roughly one sixth of our annual budget , the riots would be justified . 
  $ 49b means 2.38 % of russian gdp , that would translate to the dutch government giving shell $ 20b . 
  now that i 've looked up these numbers anyway : russia has a gdp that 's 2.45 times as great as dutch gdp with a population that 's 8.53 times greater . 
  despite its pretensions russia is n't nearly as important as it once was . 
  just as a thought experiment can someone more knowledgeable than me on this subject explain to me what happens if a russian spyplane that illegally enters nato airspace ( lets say english airspace ) gets shot down ? 
   sanctions never worked . 
  - many political commentators who choose to ignore the obvious effects of sanctions like russia going bankrupt and iran resuming negotiations on their nuclear policies . 
  let 's just keep going and see how much of an empire putin can build with a bankrupt state . 
  or `` euri '' , sometimes `` euri 's '' . 
  eypo 's is also heard on occasion . 
  `` ekkers '' is a relatively new one that i like . 
   we do not look up to the netherlands , why would we ? 
  we see the netherlands as partners with whom we share a cultural bond . 
  hahahaha , sure . 
  [ uh yeah ] ( http://i621.photobucket.com/albums/tt300/ichigomontgomery/reactions/thatsthejoke.jpg ), 
  obviously but what european country are you from ? 
  you should flare up !, 
  we seem to have found the one russian that still likes the netherlands . 
  the first line to that song is `` what is love '' not `` where is love '' . 
  time to change germany from dark green to light green . 
  mostly just unsure if it 's really a country i think ... 
  and rightly so , the dynamic between germany and france is hardly comparable to the dynamic between russia and ukraine . 
  is that why you 're here ? 
  yes , 010 is rotterdam , 020 is amsterdam . 
  not their entire floors are glass obviously but parts are . 
  i suppose it 's part of the charm . 
  the band you see in his map in no way corresponds to a map of population density . 
  stop shilling please . 
  we have backup supplies for almost a year . 
  is the right answer . 
  the only reason russian demands are met with any deference at all is because so few people in europe seem to understand power politics . 
  putin needs us to buy his gas just as much as we need the gas . 
  it 's high time we stopped listening and started asserting ourselves . 
  if only our union had a strong nation willing to take the lead * couch germany cough * . 
  sure , it 's a great moment for the little countries to carve out a good system before france and germany get their hands on it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the gypsies were n't the entirety of our argument against letting romania and bulgaria into schengen . 
  once we say yes we 'll * open our borders * to two countries with notoriously ineffective/corrupt border patrol . 
  until that 's fixed i do n't see why we ought to be enthusiastic about your accession . 
  if the price of our reticence is you standing at the border for 5 minutes at a time i think you 'd better get used to it for the time being . 
  these guys look like complete amateurs ; they will fire at nothing and they lose their temper ( even the commanders ) when nothing is really happening . 
   netherlands `` apart from cheese and tulips , the main product of holland is advocaat , a drink made from lawyers . '', 
  -- alan coren  ask them if they can sell you some weed or mushrooms . 
  refer to their nation as holland , and insist that you 've seen all the sights that amsterdam has to offer : the red light district and the coffee shops . 
  i 'm not hurt by any of this ... 
  the joke was mildly amusing and the remark about amsterdam seems accurate from the perspective of most foreign tourists who visit . 
  the holland thing is just a non-issue the boys in the `` extra provinces '' will have to get over someday . 
  germany has been nothing but a disappointment lately has n't it ? 
  no real response after mh17 , no real response when russia invaded ukraine and now this ... 
  oh please !, 
  the russians would be destroyed in any war with europe . 
  all that can save them is people who cower in the face of hollow threats . 
  let them cut off the gas supply , we 'll have one cold winter ( if at all ) before we switch to other suppliers . 
  the russians would be left with a 70 % - sized hole in their budget . 
  let 's see them fund landgrabs in ukraine and dictators in the caucasus then . 
  fuck russia , i was willing to consider their side of things until they shot down mh17 and killed 200 of my compatriots . 
  now they can fuck themselves and go hungry in the cold for all i care . 
  germans really overrate themselves as drivers , just saying . 
  rather more historically correct would be to say that modern english is the malformed rape-baby of dutch and french . 
  how exactly do they intend to pay for them ? 
  especially considering that the eu will be trying furiously to reduce its dependence on russian fossil fuels and that the russian economy is not exactly booming at the moment i have yet to see how ( and frankly , why ) the russians intend to realize this new ambition . 
  maintenance alone will cost them a hand and a foot . 
  the best way to help the russians hemorrhage funds would be to sell them 80 italian built ships , the initial rewiring job alone would bankrupt them , 
  sometimes it amazes me that france functions at all . 
  every time i 'm there there 's someone on strike ... 
  here in the netherlands we have a very tame strike once a decade or so and people tut and wonder how things will get done . 
  that 's what we 'd call a win-win . 
  almost ... verrassingsaansluiting !, 
  still comfortably a few miles above greece though , so that 's nice . 
  not having a y chromosome seems to be a deciding factor nowadays ...
