  so germany is doing * something * to help ? 
  i was starting to feel like germany might not be such a good neighbor after all ... 
  said the austrian ... 
  hard to be tough when you 're dead . 
  let 's see how they like it if their people are left to rot in the sun !, 
  yeah but few people have that kind of money in donetsk . 
   czechia is that what we call it now ? 
  would n't it have been easier to build the chimney on the hill next to it with a pipe leading to the base of the chimney ? 
  did i not just mention independence from russian energy ? 
  i suppose investments work that way . 
  at least this way the price/kwh does n't have to spike when putin wants it . 
  the investments in infrastructure also help to make the production of green power cheaper in the long run by spurring the development of green power sources . 
  apparently the correct version is not vlad but `` vova '' . 
  i have no idea why . 
  i do n't think we quite deserve to be named ( preemptively i suppose ) after that illustrious culture . 
  those books are so awesome . 
  what people seem not to realize is that this is politics as usual . 
  the french have always been lukewarm at best to american interference in europe and as a counterbalance to such `` interference '' they will occasionally `` flirt '' with the russians . 
  the americans obviously do n't like this and will try to run interference which is exactly what this is . 
  these ships w\u00edll be delivered to russia in all cases except for all out war between nato and russia . 
  americans might fall for their own propaganda in which the french are presented as `` spineless '' but in reality the french typically have a lot of a backbone , occasionally even more than is good for them . 
  let 's put it this way ; if you want something in this life you need to go for it . 
  nobody is going to just give it to you . 
  sometimes i feel the poorer nations of europe ask for too much in stead of just taking it . 
  sure , it would just take a lot longer . 
  do n't worry about that , most perfectly reasonable people also do n't want turkey in the eu . 
  i they insist on calling themselves turkish they do n't have the right to vote for the eu . 
  god knows the turks are trying to interfere with the eu more than enough as it is . 
  i 'm a convinced democrat but even i wondered what the hell my vote was worth yesterday . 
  we get 26 seats out of 766 ( so 3.4 % ) in a parliament that has no right of initiative ... 
  in that sense i can understand why many people refuse to make time in their day to cast a seemingly meaningless vote . 
  i think things would be different if we finally got it figured out what needs to be managed by the eu ( and what does n't ! ), 
  and we could vote for a european party directly for a parliament that has right of initiative . 
  not much , no . 
  read the book , the author has been an advisor on foreign policy to multiple american presidents and is probably a good source . 
  he states the american intention to `` subjugate '' europe through cooptation of the germans quite plainly . 
  i do n't necessarily share your conviction that the uk would be in that block . 
  i referred to the notion of forming a german/french block . 
  american policy is to subjugate europe with germany at its head ( read `` the grand chessboard '' by [ zbigniew brzezinski ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zbigniew_brzezinski ) for more on american geopolitics ) . 
  the french do n't like the american hand in european politics ( never have ) and the english have never wanted europe to be united politically to begin with . 
  a closer political union between france and germany is directly opposed to both the british and the american aims . 
  no you would n't . 
  this is a direct attempt to exclude british ( and thus by extension american ) influence from european politics . 
  this is what might happen if britain maintains its constant attempts to frustrate european policy making . 
  eventually the others will move on without you . 
  this would be a major blow to british prestige and influence . 
  what 's a `` mission field '' ? 
   tiny ... dude !, 
   the southern netherlands that sounds so good . 
  although it would cost us an arm and a leg to get the flemish infrastructure into the 21 ^ st century ... 
  i do n't look forward to this debate at all . 
  tsipras is a dangerous idiot ; keller is only there to legitimize the others ; schulz is an insufferable debater who ca n't stfu for five seconds even when someone else is speaking ; verhofstadt is equally insufferable ( `` when he talks europe listens '' are you kidding ?! ), 
  and juncker is such a poor debater it just hurts , last time he looked like he was half asleep . 
  that these are the best candidates europe could come up with is painful . 
  it 's a shame that turkey is one of the geopolitical pivots , otherwise they would have been just another neutered middle eastern hole in the ground . 
  now we have to pretend their barbaric nonsense is worth our time . 
  the threat of extensive destruction is enough to keep a lot of would-be warmongers in line , in that sense a lot of conflict can be quelled with the that of tactical nuclear weapons . 
  it 's pretty straightforward is n't it ? 
  kind of works too , they look fun . 
  so what is it supposed to mean ? 
  i think this is the correct assessment ; as there is no longer a large mass of moderate christians to legitimize the moderate point of view the remaining believers seek each other out and as their defining group-feature is now the religion they will gravitate towards a more extreme version of the religion . 
  hopefully it 's a bit of a fad as the last of them die out . 
  oh well , they 've had worse . 
  european here , for as far as i care american judges can go fuck themselves if this is the best they can come up with . 
  kind of fun , sure . 
  still ca n't hold a candle to [ this one ] ( http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6595500/0c1c77a6/de_bootcrash_remix.html ) . 
  i wonder if that makes it perfectly strange or perfectly average ... 
   outside , british consumers would have to pay import duty on all that stuff , so they 'll buy it from non-europeans or buy less of it . 
  that could be renegotiated and probably would n't happen . 
  simply nobody in europe would benefit from trade tariffs between the eu and the uk . 
  considering that the economical aspect is not the only aspect to the eu anymore it is necessary that the eu become more politically unified so as to be able to make a fist against the other global powers . 
  in that respect an eu without the uk might be better able to mature . 
  if there is a rotten apple in a fruit-basket you remove it before it causes the whole basket to rot . 
  i know that 's what it means , i was going to translate the whole thing at first but i changed my mind seeing as how the last part was basically correctly translated . 
  close , but nope . 
   quality improvement   bicycle path hanendorperweg the rest is pretty much as you translated it . 
  the eu paid for the bicycle path which is next to the dirt road . 
  something tells me op and you wo n't miss each other . 
  many of the `` protesters '' here would be football hooligans if this opportunity had n't presented itself . 
  even though some people seem to feel really bad for themselves much of the time ( `` austerity is the cause of our problems , not our reckless spending habits '' ) i sincerely believe europeans by-and-large simply do n't have it that bad . 
  i respectfully submit that that sounds bit over the top . 
  i agree with the sentiment of your quote in a general sense but i 'm not convinced it applies here . 
  putin is not a dictator , he is elected by a large portion of the russian population . 
  whatever he chooses to do in russia is then effectively something the russians apparently `` want '' ( as per democratic appointment ) . 
  in this sense i am not bothered when the russian people as a whole suffer from electing a bad leader . 
  i will , however , continue to resent and rant against the repression of gays , intellectuals , democrats and other minorities in russia . 
  in their case your quote applies perfectly . 
  as a dutch person i do n't really fear another iron curtain . 
  the last one proved it 's mostly the folks on the east of said border that suffer from it . 
  this may be facile of me but does this mean we can print a load of extra euro 's and use them to give the economy a boost ? 
  all this posturing and the threat of war have very successfully distracted everybody while the russians consolidated their gains in the crimea . 
  seems to me he 's either trolling or poorly informed , either way i suggest you let it go, 
  historically that pretty much sums things up , yes . 
  considering the atrocities the serbs were committing at the time i fully support bombing a few bridges if it saved lives . 
  it 's pretty succinct is n't it ? 
  we have a problem with a significant part of the minority of moroccan-ethnic people living in this country because they fail to adapt to our culture and norms . 
   i do find it very interesting that a dutchman ... easy there , he 's from limburg . 
  it 's a lot like dutch , but we 're not really sure what to think of each other much of the time . 
  the fact that alexis tsipras is even on slide 3 annoys me enormously . 
  i just do n't understand why people keep believing the things he says , eventually people will have to understand that `` austerity '' is not a punishment but the only sustainable way to live .
