  i 'm glad there are countries in europe who do n't roll over in the face of the overly emotional appeals from the south , the comparison between a junkie and a stern caretaker may seem offensive but maybe it 's just that the truth hurts sometimes . 
  the socialist party and the liberals could also easily be classified as populists , yet they apparently do n`t count which implies a bias . 
  to group right wing parties and populists together clearly implies a negative connotation for right wing parties . 
  this gives a hint of who produced ( or had produced ) this map and why . 
  further circumstancial evidence is provided by the fact that this map is french in origin , the french and especially their media are relatively left-wing on average and in the current `` anti-austerity `` - mood left-wing europeans have talked themselves into a propagandistic pseudo scientific quantification of who is `` politically wrong `` and where they are seems likely . 
  that 's rhetoric in action young man . 
  why does this map even exist at all ? 
  who determines which party can be classified as extreme right ? 
  the only party in the netherlands that * might * apply is n't even comparable to the extreme right parties that used to exist . 
  this is propaganda , nothing more . 
  he ` ll be fine , nobody seems to be able to properly pronounce his last name so after a while they ` ll probably just give up and leave him alone . 
  is it really as clumsy as it looks ? 
  cyprus could have been bailed out for * peanuts * compared to most other nations and in stead all this happens ... 
  it reeks of more than meets the eye does n't it ? 
  maybe the bankrun was an intended consequence to further cement germany 's economical power within the eu by letting `` the south '' bleed some more . 
  careful now , 
  i would love that . 
  there is a clear dichotomy between the ways of thinking in south and north europe that has been there since the days of the romans and the germanic peoples and i doubt it will change in the next millennium . 
  i 'd much rather be in a union with like minded nations like germany and the scandinavian countries , i bet we 'd integrate our armies and foreign policy in a heartbeat compared to this corrupted sluggish corpse of a `` union '' . 
  i ca n't believe this woman was appointed in the first place . 
  she was , and still is , a nobody . 
  the most impressive feat of her tenure is that nobody noticed her * at all * during all these years . 
  if a new one is appointed perhaps the appointment should go together with more extensive authority , otherwise this appointment too will be nothing but a * dis * appointment . 
  does anybody have access to this article ? 
  i 'm hitting the paywall . 
  as a response to at least the title then : as a dutch person i 'm starting to lose hope for the eurozone and by extension the e.u. 
  nobody seems to be actually trying to solidify europe into one entity , all everybody is doing is taking care of themselves . 
  the germans , dutch , finnish and brits in particular seem to be using the trouble in southern europe ( even if much of it is their own fault ) to extend their economic power entirely at the expense of an entire generation in spain , portugal and greece ( more to come surely ) . 
  if anyone was really trying this crisis would have been over years ago , a combination of haircuts and quantitative easing would made for an acceptable amount of inflation to keep everybody solvent . 
  instead the euro has proved to be nothing but an imposed gold standard in favor of the stronger northern economies . 
  for as far as i care the whole thing might as well implode . 
  let 's just start over with a few small unions ( north and south separately for instance ) , as long as france and germany remain somehow united there will probably be peace in europe anyway but the way we 're going now seems to be unnecessarily destructive . 
  remember the schengen discussion ? 
  this sort of thing justifies the anti romanian/bulgarian position . 
  `` why do n't you open your borders ? '', 
  they said ... why do n't you trust us ? '', 
  they said ... 
   have the kid returned how about `` no '' . 
  he lives with loving parents now , just because some savage nation ca n't get its shit together does n't mean he or his parents ( actual , loving parents , not those careless social rejects in turkey ) should suffer . 
  you tell me ... 
  perhaps both cases warrant a certain level of concern ? 
  attention does not need to be exclusively directed towards a single issue , does it ? 
  the fuck france ? 
  is that where all that agricultural money is going ? 
  as in `` walloon '' ? 
  so now the testing moves to other , ( nearly ) unregulated places ? 
  i doubt this really improves animal wellfare , however good the underlying intentions may have been . 
  to be fair though , they ` re pretty awesome genitalia . 
  - edit : corrected although `` their `` was technically correct too . 
  as long as romania and bulgaria are deeply , completely corrupt i have no interest in open borders with them it used to be just us . 
  i 'm glad the germans joined us . 
  how very melodramatic . 
  the simple fact is that most people here are not actually very democratic . 
  to assume that any democratic system that does not immediately cater to your needs is fundamentally flawed is nothing but extreme apathy . 
  for democracy to work people must realize that to be represented a suitable candidate party must exist and that the existence of such a political party is not a given . 
  in a democracy any schmuck has the option to try and run for office , the easy reality in europe is that generally such a party already exists and the only thing the average idiot in the street needs to do is vote for them before he or she can return to his simple life of simple truths and let others deal with the difficult questions of life . 
  when a situation arises in which people feel unrepresented it is up to those people to ensure their representation it does not mean democracy is a `` broken system '' when the system does n't do it for them . 
  the fact that beppe grillo got a party off the ground should tell you that democracy is in fact in good shape in italy , people can form parties and compete with already existing parties . 
  this shows that democracy in italy is not `` broken '' it 's just that people are n't using it to their advantage for whatever reason . 
   if all the options are shitty to me , why do i vote for any of them ? 
  are you telling me i have to vote for one of them ? 
  that does n't sound much like democracy to me . 
  if you can do better than all of them you put yourself up for election or find people who agree with you and start a new party that you can support . 
  if all of that is too much for you you can always reconsider the existing options . 
   he might have 100 other problems and ironically `` a bitch '' is one xd, 
  it 's also their * responsibility * to elect officials they deem capable of leading their nation . 
  this seems like a very frivolous way to think of voting and now look what it 's done . 
  how is it that italians do not see a vote for grillo as a wasted vote ? 
  he openly states that he has no intention of ruling with anyone , does n't that essentially disqualify him ? 
  how do people expect their situation to improve if they knowingly vote for someone who will do nothing to make that happen ? 
  then who would pay for you ? 
  i did it gladly , always a pleasure . 
   state-owned infrastructure is socialism . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  i argue that competition only improves service to the customer in a perfectly free market ( as you say ) and that not all markets * can * be perfectly free because the consequences of failure ( the risk of which is an absolute prerequisite for capitalism to function ) are unacceptable . 
  in the cases in which capitalism does not function it makes no sense to attempt to apply any sort of `` partial capitalism '' because the risk of failure is the primary corrective mechanism in capitalism and the absence of failure can only lead to cancerous growth of mismanaged or overmanaged and , thus , costly institutions . 
  better then , to go for the collectivist approach and regulate the distribution of water through the state . 
  this sort of thing is exactly why we have states in the first place , to serve the people where the market falls short . 
  because i really do n't believe this appeasing talk of religious apathy . 
  at present turkey is a * very * religious nation and it seems to be related , at least in part , to their national identity which they are still incredibly fond of . 
  in short , i do n't see any of those things changing in the near future . 
   why give up the opportunity to make turkey more european by excluding it from the eu ? 
  because rather than making turkey more european it would probably end up with the turks getting a foot in the door to try and make europe more turkish in stead . 
  here in the netherlands the integration of turks into dutch society has been a particularly sluggish and problematic process ever since turks were invited in the 1960 's . 
  i do n't share your na\u00efve outlook on a turkish entry into the eu . 
  i would go from mildly apathetic to completely against the eu if turkey were ever to join . 
  i 've been to turkey and i did not like what i saw , turkey is not europe , it 's the middle east . 
  it breathes an entirely different atmosphere than any european country . 
  this aside from the fact that i believe the eu should first get its shit sorted out before it accepting more nations into the union . 
  hasty accession has led to trouble before ( e.g. 
  greece ) and it would be better to consolidate lest the union blow itself up prematurely . 
  how the hell did he get pregnant in the first place ? 
  excuse me ? 
  i wish more dutch people realized that this is something we are really good at and that we should be proud of it !, 
  now when you see this kind of thing please consider british debate about the eu and realize why to us `` continentals '' it 's almost equally bizarre ... 
  you 're always welcome , 
  fuck yeah ` netherlands !, 
  bastion of civil liberty whether you like it or not !, 
  judging by the picture this debate includes ayaan hirsi ali who has a strong personal conviction against islam , she might well needlessly steer such a discussion towards pointless pessimism . 
  this is probably just more anti-islam bs to pander to populist opinion .
