  effectively that means greece does n't have to spend nearly as large a percentage of its gdp on payments as it otherwise would have without the bailouts and due to the low interest rates greece effectively received money in the long run . 
  in the end the greeks are living above their means . 
  without years of `` free money '' greece would have been much poorer than it is today so to see it struggle now that the free money dried up is hardly a surprise . 
  that does n't mean a default would be an easy way out though , that would probably just set them back to a gdp at , or just below the gdp they would have had without the `` free money '' , i.e. 
  dirt poor . 
  much better then to just stay the course and re-earn some trust so they can borrow again and build their economy . 
  when they sound kind of dutch but do n't seem to enjoy * anything at all * they 're probably belgians . 
  considering how often the french go on strike the title might as well be `` french prepare for typical day '' . 
  yeah because other europeans do n't go on strike as often as the french they clearly have no balls . 
   that 's illegal ... 
  it sure is yet it happens all over the country . 
  how many threads must there be about this ? 
  i ca n't wait for the referendum to amount to nothing ( i.e. 
  the undecided voters will mostly vote to remain ) so we can focus on more worthwhile things . 
  i do n't know , one of the most important lessons of the current eu seems to be that having too many countries just causes trouble . 
  i think benelux , germany and france is enough , denmark was already kind of a bonus . 
  no , i do n't really want any countries that border russia in our new shiny union . 
  i 'd say benelux , germany , france and denmark . 
  we would be a powerhouse . 
  because those are the only two options . 
  i think you will find that outside your islands most of europe views brexit the way i do . 
  the eu is faced with massive challenges and it 's all hands on deck , to leave now is abandon the eu at a time of great need and `` desertion '' covers the feelings it engenders quite well . 
  `` betrayal '' would work as well . 
  please identify the strawman for me . 
  i 'n the hypothetical future under discussion the uk is leaving the eu . 
  there is no strawman here . 
  did you read the article ? 
  why not ? 
  it covers the idea quite succinctly . 
  we were supposed to be in this together and one of the stronger countries is leaving the rest to rot when it matters . 
  desertion is a reasonable term to use . 
  he got concessions that essentially amount to a complete surrender of the end goal of full integration . 
  he should have gotten nothing . 
  sad as this sort of thing is i ca n't help but wonder if maybe the girl had deeper psychological issues . 
  after all , many people are bullied and most of them * do n't * commit suicide . 
  to go along with the sensationalism and blame her death on the racist remarks might be jumping to conclusions at least a little bit . 
  you want to talk about it ? 
  considering how racist he is himself it 's probably what makes him feel at home . 
  a light red * can * work with a fish like tuna . 
  i could say all of these things without even intending to give offense . 
  violent , oppresive and kind of brown . 
  i really do n't see the difference . 
  because you do n't know if your one bomb is actually going to make it to its target and because a single bomb does not guarantee complete destruction of a large city like berlin . 
  is there any way to see the amount of ordnance any single target would receive ? 
  i ca n't imagine berlin would only get a single bomb for instance . 
  on the bright side this should pay for one or two lamp posts in bulgaria !, 
  * easily * the best song of the evening !, 
  yep . 
  and let 's face it , that worked better for europe than `` keeping our hands clean '' . 
  as it turns out there 's no free ride . 
  and people wonder why the dutch voted against association . 
  is n't this in a nutshell why a grexit would be a terrible idea ? 
  the new drachma ( neadrachma ? ), 
  would be a fiat currency but those only represent as much value as common agreement will allow . 
  if nobody wants to own the new drachma it would be essentially worthless . 
  this is why everybody expects inflation of the new drachma to be substantial . 
  the greek state would `` print '' a certain amount and then `` nobody '' would buy them , thus , supply would be too high for the demand and prices would drop until either supply and demand match up again or until the drachma would be so worthless that demand would cease to exist in which case hyperinflation has occurred . 
  does this make sense ? 
  thank you for an informative post !, 
  small question . 
  would n't introducing the drachma hit poor greeks much more than rich greeks ? 
  the rich would still have euros to spend while poor greeks are dependent on the money they receive ( either from jobs or from the state ) which would be relatively worthless drachmas . 
  thus the rich would be , comparatively , even richer ( than poor greeks ) while the poor would be even poorer ? 
  presuming everybody is in on the joke of course . 
  if not , it 's just that , a joke . 
  what if i 'm not happy about that ? 
  you sound like a troll . 
  you have very high expectations for yourself . 
  most of the interactions you have will be forgotten and most of the work you do could have been done by someone else just as well . 
  the remainder will be forgotten during your lifetime or shortly thereafter . 
  in the meantime , are you happy ? 
  obviously i 'm pushing my point a bit , i have a kid on the way and , like everybody , not being forgotten immediately seems nice to me . 
  that does n't mean any of it is really of more value than my own personal amusement . 
  evolution is going to happen regardless and in another century i 'll be almost entirely forgotten . 
  i do n't feel bad about those things at all but they do place everything in perspective . 
  i do n't think it makes much sense to sacrifice my own happiness for the sake of evolution for instance . 
  which does n't impact me at all . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'll only live once and i do n't believe in god or heaven . 
  through sheer coincidence i was born and i 'm not going to waste my one chance . 
  it would make pretty much all dutch people nervous as well . 
   war is peace , freedom is slavery and so on and so forth . 
  yeah , that 's definitely not because maybe 150 years after his invention we might start to give some consideration to the feelings of dutch people with other skin colors . 
  we 're obviously only doing it to conform to `` american '' norms . 
  i hate that i live in the same country as people like you . 
  there are so many uninformed dutch people who spew all sorts of toxic nonsense about what is arguably the best thing ever to happen to europe and it 's just embarrassing considering how good the eu is for small trading nations like nl . 
  i would n't say it 's necessarily a good thing though . 
  aside from that , in my 30 years in the netherlands i have n't seen a swing towards more american behavior . 
  if anything the development appears to have been in the opposite direction , american franchises notwithstanding . 
  i guess portuguese women just put a cork in it !, 
  fuck him . 
  let 's just forget he ever existed and move on . 
  that picture was n't there yet when i posted, 
  why would that be better ? 
  i have seen very little evidence to suggest that the south of europe is financially more capable than the north . 
  quite the opposite really . 
  he knows exactly what he 's saying and who he 's saying it to . 
  he 's on the way out and taking his last opportunity to voice his feelings on the matter . 
  and honestly , i do n't think the people in the south have a good reason to be * this * annoyed by it . 
  he 's not entirely wrong .
