  reading thread gives me the feeling i 'm too invested in this union of idiots . 
  if this is how things are ( all around , not just the uk ) we might as well let the eu die . 
  putin and obama 's successor are going to have a busy time of it . 
  i hope the americans still like us , they seem to be much more dependable people than the peoples of europe . 
  like trade is the only reason the eu exists . 
  must things really go horribly wrong before people wake up to what they 're doing ? 
  if anything the general trend is one where germany is quickly using up popular support in the rest of the eu while france wo n't always be as weak as it is today . 
  at some point hollande will leave office and someone stronger will take his place . 
  germany will lose power in the eu as the french mobilize countries like italy and spain which will be all too glad to be taken more seriously . 
  the v4 countries will attempt to impose their will more and more but we will have to see how far the `` gib muneys , nothing in return '' policy is going to get them . 
  i might be off here and there but to simplify europe to `` germany rules all '' is a massive oversimplification . 
  the real question is what terms the uk going to get if they want to go from orange to dark green in the two years before their secession goes into effect . 
  also , do n't underestimate the psychological effects if a brexit causes another recession in the eu ( including the uk ) . 
  blaming everything bad on the uk instead of the eu might become a thing . 
  finally a map without belgium !, 
  just stay in asia and things might slowly improve to the point where most of us will feel blandly neutral about you . 
  surely that 's something to look forward to !, 
   i 'm upset with the uk and the netherlands for the outright , poorly justified , xenophobia against romanians . 
  we ca n't help it , we 've been conditioned to get nervous when we see brown people . 
  has n't it always been that way ? 
  maybe it 's part of the reason why we consider older people wiser , the unwise ones are dead . 
  memepire ? 
  unsurprisingly , i 'm not very in favor of this pm . 
  he is often blamed for lacking a long term vision . 
  i think the deal and the concomitant damage it does to the european ideals just proves that . 
  i would actually be fine with that . 
  a reu with only the benelux , germany and france would be splendid . 
  everyone knows giving in to terrorism just causes people to ask for more . 
  membership of the eu should be an all-or-nothing type of deal , not this pick/choose poison . 
  [ they 're in the hague ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_dutch_shell ) . 
  also i 'd love to see how companies * like * shell are going to act once the uk is outside of the eu . 
  i was somewhat on the fence ( a brexit is not in dutch general interest ) but since this travesty of a deal was announced i 'm all for the uk leaving the eu . 
  vote to leave please !, 
  something tells me a large group of the people responsible for most off this growth might leave belgium at some point in the coming century . 
  i think federalization is europe 's only shot at being a player of * any significance at all * in the future . 
  i really hope a two-speed eu happens soon so that the countries that are in the way are n't a problem anymore . 
  i 'm so sick and tired of the vacuous arguments of sovereignty , as if any of us would have a say in our lives if china could just buy us one at a time . 
  maybe to smooth out the output but for long term storage other solutions such as flowbatteries , potential energy ( i.e. 
  pulling a weight up a hill or filling a basin with water ) or hydrolysis of water ( to produce hydrogen for a fuel cell ) offer better energy densities . 
  that 's not saying that supercaps wo n't eventually be good enough though . 
  with sufficient improvement of the technology energy storage might be possible for small storage capacities . 
  i guess the biggest problem here is that weight matters . 
  these supercapacitors are what 's supposed to allow electric cars to `` top up '' quickly enough to compete with internal combustion powered cars . 
  this might be nice for recouping energy from braking but i wo n't hold my breath that we will see capacitors with sufficient energy densities any time soon . 
  especially considering that even li-ion has n't got nearly enough energy density for long distance travel and li-ion , at present , has energy densities the supercap people can only dream of . 
  absolutely wrong , li-ion can reach 250 + wh/kg . 
  [ supercapacitors reach over 100 wh/kg ] ( http://www.nature.com/articles/srep01718 ) in the lab ( in 2013 ) , considering the fact that the this startup plans to produce something in 2020 you can bet the state of the art will be a lot further still . 
  20 wh/kg is just not a very ambitious target . 
  20 wh/kg is not that great though is it ? 
  as far as i know the state of the art for supercapacitors is ~ 100 wh/kg . 
  by leaving the eu exactly when the richer , more powerful countries ( like the uk ) should be committed to finding solutions and offering assistance . 
  instead they would apparently rather bail out and let the house come down . 
  do n't worry , the moment they ruin the future of europe everything will magically be ok . 
  your second picture really does n't do dutch beaches justice . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.katwijk-aanzee.nl/images/duinen-smaller.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://ophetstrand.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/km-strand-nederland.jpg ) is much more representative . 
   and damn those kielbasa `` hot-dogs '' at the markets in the uk are amazing . 
  does n't that just translate to `` sausage hot-dog '' ? 
  this is such a bizarre picture . 
  why would ireland leave as well ? 
   how would futher eu integration of the union lead to `` more profits '' . 
  it seems that the spend crazy government in greece has rather been tanking the whole `` more profits '' thing . 
  greece has a tiny economy and is hardly capable of `` tanking '' the profitability of enhanced trade in the eu . 
   and brussels does not seem to operate very democratically . 
  the ep and the ec are assemblies of democratically elected representatives who vote on matters . 
  how is that undemocratic ?!, 
   is it worth it for `` europe to matter '' if nations sovereignty and democracy is eroded ? 
  by being able to influence what happens in europe your own sovereignty will be greater than without such influence . 
  to pretend like your country would otherwise be a completely isolated place influenced only by your own government is entirely beside reality . 
  instead of the countries being put upon by other countries there is now an advanced platform for debate and compromise called `` the eu '' . 
  your points read like a list of vague gut feelings based on nothing but what your angry uncle writes on facebook . 
  more cooperation , less war , more profits , less economic disparity , better legal safeguards for europeans in the rest of the eu , better alignment of environmental policies ( think of fishery quota etc. ), 
  and possibly a united future in which europe actually fucking matters . 
  yeah because fuck cooperation right . 
  we should all just go sit on our islands and belittle and berate others for making an effort . 
  together we have hills , plains and sub-sea level clay . 
  i think `` middle-earth '' would be most descriptive . 
  i 'm pretty sure mordor is a highway in belgium . 
   who thinks serbs hate muslims because of internet memes . 
  well that and the whole genocide in the 90 's thing ... 
  hahahahahaha !, 
  no but seriously , you 're not . 
  are you ? 
  while pretty this is not a particularly exciting image is it . 
  a village in the mountains . 
  more like 435 million but otherwise , yup . 
  the underlying truth is that many things about the economy will always happen in concert with much of the eu . 
  the countries of europe are not very big and expanding your markets by making sure everybody has the same basic rules with respect to product quality , guarantees etc. 
  is a good way to make more money . 
  inside or outside the eu , in this regard in the end it wo n't make much of a difference . 
  you 'll still be talking to the rest of us about pretty much everything . 
  the only difference between being in or out is that when you 're out you 're not at the table discussing the common eu point which means you 'll be facing a lot more `` take it or leave it '' in negotiations . 
  it 's always better to be in a position to discuss things than to be in a position where you 're essentially forced to accede to many points you would have otherwise had a say in . 
  so because things are bad already we should make them worse ? 
  if that 's how romanians do things the statistic suddenly makes a lot more sense . 
  or , you know ... not being a dick to people you want to do business with ? 
  last time an iranian politician got caught with an empty glass of wine in front of him at dinner he got torn apart at home for it . 
  just goes to show the practical value of principles really . 
  romania 58 , bulgaria 69 . 
   why wo n't you let us into schengen ? 
   we put our corrupt politician in prison !,
