  the vvd is going strong because conservative liberalism appeals to many dutch voters who used to vote for the christian democratic appeal ( cda ) . 
  they no longer vote for the christian party but the economically liberal and socially conservative policies of the vvd seem to appeal to their traditional image of the netherlands and personal responsability/accountability . 
  in the mean time labour is regaining lost ground on the socialist party . 
  labour had a very weak front man for a while who just ruined the party 's image . 
  since then they got a new , younger , more vibrant front man . 
  he has has been much more successful in presenting the party as a reasonable left-of-the-middle alternative to the socialist party who are by many considered to be too radical to form a coalition government . 
  at the same time the sp 's poster-boy has been faltering in public debates which exacerbated the migration of a lot of left-wing voters away from the sp back to the labour party which they came from . 
  similarly the greens ( traditionally a left-wing party ) has been losing voters first to the sp and then to the labour party as voters lost faith in the greens as they squabbled among themselves . 
  because they never really got going , people in the netherlands seem to have little need for or faith in the pirate party . 
  really ? 
  what a cheap shot . 
  as a matter of fact the events of the war in former yugoslavia have had profound effects on the netherlands for years . 
  they even caused to fall of on of our cabinets . 
  i respect your sentiment in this matter of course but to be honest as a dutchman azerbaidjan and armenia feel hardly like a particular problem were they to go to war . 
  perhaps it would hurt russian interests ( or serve them depending on how the russki 's act ) but otherwise i doubt i would notice anything about it at all . 
  see now this means something . 
  why did n't you just post this in the first place ? 
  that statement is just meaningless . 
  who 's definition of `` socialism '' ? 
  what math ? 
  socialism can work just fine , the question is simply where one puts the emphasis . 
  i 'm sure you can tell us exactly where they are ... 
  am i really the only one who is still appalled by way we are being suckered into believing that not endorsing eurobonds is antosocial ? 
  meanwhile apparently hardly any changes have been made by the greeks but we are expected to accept debt-mutialisation anyway ? 
  nothing will change , the greeks will still be corrupt and the rest will still be getting ripped off by them . 
  apparently stall tactics work in this appalingly undemocratic behemoth of a union . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if the eu is really worth it all . 
  why was this downvoted ?!, 
  because ehec is a bavarian ? 
  i see no fault in his post , it is a sensible contribution to the discussion , perhaps another butthurt greek downvoting his frustrations away ? 
  this `` bazooka '' that ( especially ) the americans and brits want the eu to use is called `` inflating debt away '' and amounts to theft . 
  the only reason the rest of the western world wants the germans to cave on this issue is because it makes their `` qe '' less obvious . 
  austerity is the only real way forward . 
  except of course prepare them for the future as the prerequisites for economical health that the austerity rules really are . 
  to keep going the way things were going would leave spain and italy in limbo until the next crisis strikes . 
  for a while but afterwards nobody has a job . 
  it baffles me how the penalties for this sort of thing are n't much more severe . 
  when a person sexually assaults a child people are outraged , when they pull this sort of thing people seem to just shrug . 
  personally i would be in favor of taking their children away from them and putting them in prison but i 'm sure someone can tell me why that 's either racist or short-sighted . 
  i think the word you were looking for is `` inflat ... '', 
  as it should be when the budget is being managed by a democratically elected government . 
  after all , the government * is * the people , if you seriously think it is n't you should go into politics and try to fix that situation . 
  this notion that companies should pay in stead of people is a childish fallacy . 
  companies are places where people work and make money , the sums you hear in the news may sound huge sometimes but do n't forget that that is the effect of having many people working together and the fact that these amounts are usually annual figures . 
  unreasonably taxing companies only aggravates an already difficult economic situation by causing lay-offs and stunting growth and competitivity . 
  i really wish people would get over this sort of nonsense . 
  yeah because 39.3 m $ ( 30.7 m gbp ) is soooo much money ... actually it is n't , the government 's budget is roughly 300b $ so 39.3 m $ hardly makes a dent , repairing a single stretch of railroad can cost that much . 
  you seem to forget how expensive elections for a president would be , also i think it 's a small price to pay to for a non-partisan head of state . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  if anything greek numbers have proved to be worthless in the past . 
  i expected as much , the news here in the netherlands just reported that the israelis blame the iranians which seems like bs to me , why would the iranians bother ? 
  just to get an `` inside perspective '' , do any of the bulgarian redditors have any idea if this is home-grown terrorism or `` imported '' ? 
  are there religious tensions in bulgaria ? 
  i hope you 're not implying that atheism costs more lives than religion , that would be absurd . 
  if i were to base my assessment of bulgaria from these pictures i would think it was a dreary , rotten and horrible place to live ... 
  so communism did bring some benefits after all !, 
  they ca n't exactly be happy about the prolongation of the crisis either . 
  maybe it 's better to accept that fiscal wisdom comes to south europe only in baby steps and end this crisis . 
  this game of brinkmanship has to end before someone gets too seriously hurt . 
  when i visited barcelona two years ago it was my second time there , the first time was ~ 18 years ago . 
  it seemed to me that in the meantime barcelona had turned into one giant tourist trap , i just did n't like it any more . 
  the lines in front of gaudi 's house and tourist trap called the rambla was just not fun . 
  i distinctly got the feeling that barcelona is a city to not visit if you 're looking to avoid tourist traps . 
  why should n't the paying countries be allowed to make demands for their money ? 
  i like the idea of a unified europe but considering the democratically lacking way in which the current - rushed - version of that ideal is being realized i 'm starting to feel that maybe a divided europe should be an option after all . 
  i 'd rather be in a union with the low-countries , germany , poland and scandinavia than this corrupted ghoul of a european union . 
  except that probably next to none of that money is going to be spent on renewables and the fresh water supply ( much less even the economic value thereof ) is not the only thing that is lost when shale-gas is exploited . 
  typically the extraction of fossil fuels causes massive long-term damage to environments , especially shale-gas exploitation has many detrimental effects . 
  the poisoning effects caused the leaching of oils and gasses into the local aquifers can render large swaths of nature barren and toxic for many years . 
  do you really want to live on a planet where fresh air only comes in canisters ? 
  exactly like those but then enough to eliminate a very significant portion of the energy requirement now fulfilled by the combustion of fossil fuels . 
  i 'm sure you understood the gist of my post as not only being about solar arrays but rather about the step to renewable energy . 
  to do a cost-benefit analysis and ignore the fact that a fully developed technology will always defeat a yet-to-mature technology is folly , just as using the argument of `` economic reality '' as a motivation for long-term destruction of the environment only makes sense to children . 
  for as far as energy densities go fossil fuels have everything but nuclear fission and fusion beat of course but to use that as an argument against sustainable energy only holds up until you run out of economically viable fossil fuels . 
  the development of sustainable fuels would not run into such a barrier because they are * sustainable * . 
  to use unsustainable fuels as has been done for the past century and present it as a revolution is completely beside reality . 
  ps , i 'm a chemist so the factors you name are something that actually come up regularly in my day-to-day business . 
  this does not preclude that i have my own thoughts about the long-term implications of this particular way of thinking . 
  `` revolution '' ? 
  you mean they gave up on not fucking up huge swaths of nature in order to extract the gas . 
  there is nothing revolutionary about taking the easy way out . 
  a revolution would be for usa to install massive fields of solar arrays in the deserts and wind turbines off the coast , that would be a revolution !, 
  i do n't think so but let 's keep posting questions like this one regularly to sow the seeds of doubt , 
  the netherlands would be difficult to split but when you include flanders which has a population of ~ 6 million ( and also speaks dutch so it makes a bit of sense ) you suddenly have a population of ~ 22 million dutch speakers which could be cut up into two regions ( or even three ) . 
  two regions would be feasible because there is somewhat of a cultural difference between the south of the netherlands and the north while the cultural difference between flanders and the south is fairly limited imho . 
  i deleted my posts because apparently they pissed people off but since you want to know ; i argued that this should not be discussed here because turkey is not a european nation . 
  despite the fact that turkey still has some land west of the bosporus i do no not consider the turks to be europeans because historically they have been nothing but an enemy of european nations . 
  they have a different religion and share in very little of the ideals of enlightenment . 
  all the legislative changes the turks have made in recent years to better civil rights have only been made to join the eu , that was their reason . 
  not because it was better for a democracy but because they want some of that sweet sweet eu market , it gives me an impression of turkey as a wolf in sheep 's clothes more than anything . 
  to see this sort of posts gives me the willies because to me they signify a kind of appeasing mentality where the turks are welcomed into the eu because they can temporarily provide cheap labor while at the same time ignoring that this is exactly the moment when european integration might start to happen properly . 
  to start making room for the turks to join now would be to invite cultural and democratic unrest in the eu for far longer than a decade or two of cheap labor would be worth . 
  for this reason i feel like i must speak out when turkey is casually implied to be a part of europe , beside the geographical issue it seems to me as an effort to slowly make turkey a part of europe in a broader sense which is something i strongly disagree with . 
  because it meant the turkish part of the population of cyprus ( a minority compared to the greeks ) would get equal legislative power as the greek portion of the population . 
  clearly a hard pill to swallow . 
  also the fact that tayyip erdogan was in favor of the plan ( because it might have helped turkey into the eu ) may have been enough to persuade some greeks that it must have been a bad plan , after all if a * turk * was in favor ... btw , if the plan was indeed a good shoe in the door for turkey to get into the eu i 'm ( personally ) deeply grateful to the greek cypriots . 
  ok , i did . 
  wen do we see the results ? 
  i think the dutch have a high degree of confidence in all political institutions ; it 's the whole `` they went to school for it so they probably know better than i do . 
  the way i see it there are two realistic options ; 1 .
