  8m euros is chump change and a water park sound nice . 
  why so unhappy about a fucking waterpark ? 
  right ... 
  so when the eu gives funds for * your officials * to spend on roads the money goes missing or is misspent . 
  that 's not the fault of the eu , that 's the czech republic needing to get its shit together . 
  many countries in the eu have * much * better infrastructure because of eu funding and benefit hugely from it , do n't blame czech failures on the eu . 
   of course it is hard to quantify this if i do n't want to spend a day on it . 
  but you sounded so convinced just now , surely a few simple examples would be no problem ? 
   yeah , considering that most of the money from eu is wasted on useless things anyway . 
  quite an assertion , no doubt you have many sources that we could use to come to the same conclusion ? 
  not me , i was there for work . 
  the esrf ( european synchrotron radiation facility ) is situated there , a european institution where all the signs are in french ... 
  i 've been to nice , paris , grenoble ( by * far * the worst , much worse than paris ) and reims . 
  the last visit was to grenoble and just one long frustration . 
  that 's when i decided to avoid france from now on , life is too short to spend it in bad places . 
  i 'm glad we 're getting to the most important facts so quickly !, 
   the french people appreciate the fact that you at least try in my experience this is where it goes wrong , they really do n't appear to . 
  i 'll try to say something in french and get exasperated looks even when i 'm using a sentence straight from a phrase-book . 
  i simply refuse to believe my accent is that incomprehensible , ugly ? 
  sure . 
  incomprehensible , no . 
  after some time the whole `` what is he saying ?!, 
  '' - act just gets tiresome , it 's not a straight-forward language and it really is n't useful enough to learn just for the benefit of the occasional vacation . 
  the whole unwillingness to bring conversations to a meaningful conclusion combined with the general french attitude of utter disinterest in apparently * everything * except their own business just makes the french the least hospitable people of europe in my opinion . 
  the people in literally every european country i 've been to so far ( england , wales , scotland , ireland , germany , poland , greece , italy , belgium , slovenia , spain , malta and portugal ) have been nicer than the french . 
  do you purposely look to piss people off or does it just kind of keep happening to you ? 
  they 're in in all but the formal sense . 
  they follow most european law but do n't get to decide on any of it . 
  whole cities even !, 
  immediately after the nazis ravaged the country no less !, 
  when i was in poland it felt like the poles and the dutch are very similar in their sense of down to earth realism and work ethic . 
  tldr , we 'd be like poland now , maybe a little better because of our location on the north sea . 
   [ belgium and netherlands combined ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/591/928/94f.png ), 
  i do n't mean to be nasty but that sounds rather unimpressive ... 
   wait , i ca n't ride a bike ... will that work against me ? 
  very . 
  as a dutchman i 'd like to caution that the english sensibilities with respect to racism might be a bit too fickle for him/her to live here . 
  i like wroc\u0142aw , such a cool city . 
  i always assumed `` viool '' was meant as in `` viooltje '' ( a kind of flower ) . 
  kind of like calling someone a pansy with the added `` kloot '' because it gives the word a bit more punch . 
  i do n't actually , hence the emphasis on the word `` history '' . 
  the title implies turkey has only an ugly * history * , what about it 's ugly present and ( probably ) future ? 
  does anyone care about that ? 
  in turkey that is . 
  you have angela merkel to steamroll everyone before the ep even comes close to an issue . 
  to act as though germany is * under represented * is disingenuous to say the least . 
   seriously , if germany wants to impose it 's politics on us , why ca n't we vote in german election ? 
  now that 's the real question is n't it !, 
  if we 're going to make important decisions on a european scale i want to be able to vote * on a european level * . 
  and i do n't mean this sham we have now where we vote on local parties for the ep but actual proper elections where all of the eu goes to the polling station at the same time and we get to vote for actual european parties . 
  i do n't mind voting for someone non-dutch but i need to know who they are , what they have done and what they intend to do in the future . 
  then we 'd be able to come up with policy and reasonably force members to comply . 
  now it 's just germany bullying everyone around every time . 
  is n't greece that country where nazi 's roam the streets looking to stab a brown person ? 
  where food is only handed out to `` real greeks '' ? 
  yeah , i 'd keep walking too . 
  it may be a bit over the top but if i were a refugee and i 'd seen the news about the golden dawn stabbing people i 'd nope right through greece . 
   refugees are humans so they have the right to choose where they want to be . 
  since when ? 
  as long a humanity has existed there have been places humans could and ** could not ** go . 
   germoney oh ... you one of * those * people . 
  considering the hysterical way the british react to the current problems in europe i would n't put too much stock in their headlines . 
  easy for you to talk . 
  you live on an almost deserted island in the ocean , this wo n't really affect you . 
  how representative of the general czech attitude towards the eu , russia and china is milos zeman ? 
  i agree , as long as the uk is in the eu our chances of greatness are neutered . 
  best for everyone the uk got out . 
  people are so quick to say these retarded things . 
  schengen is still a fantastic idea and it 's not the real problem here . 
  the real problem here is the lack of political union in the eu which , so far , makes it impossible to formulate a good common response to the refugee crisis . 
  let 's push forward and get things into better shape instead of running for the exit every damn time the slightest thing goes wrong . 
  i really hoped varoufakis would n't become `` a thing '' but here we are ... 
  get over yourself , in what sense is the uk a dumping ground ? 
  sounds fair , we should all have this vote once a year . 
  that would put the fear of god into our politicians which sounds just perfect to me . 
   tight time schedule . 
  i hope the american military industrial complex ( general electric was working on it i believe ) builds a fusion reactor , if anyone has the resources , manpower and potential to get it done during our lifetimes it will be them . 
  if a fusion reactor ever gets built i doubt it will be iter , iter is a way to funnel money to construction companies and corrupt politicians and a good foundation for the belief that `` fusion is always 30 years in the future '' . 
  edit : for the one downvoting me , straight from the wikipedia page :  launched in 1985 , [ 25 ] the iter project was formally agreed to and funded in 2006 with a cost estimate of $ 10 billion ( $ 12.8 billion ) projecting the start of construction in 2008 and completion a decade later . 
  [ 12 ]  however , as of 2013 , the project has run into many delays and budget overruns . 
  the facility is now not expected to begin operations until the year 2027 -- 11 years after initially anticipated . 
   it wo n't produce any radioactive waste . 
  it will , the fusion reaction releases neutrons that get captured by the walls of the reactor . 
  they will become radioactive because of it . 
  it wo n't be the same kind of waste as for a fission reactor but it * will * produce radioactive waste . 
  the crematoria ( one per chamber , two chambers total ) could cremate 5000 people per day and occasionally could n't keep up . 
  phd in chemistry ... also , what the fuck man ? 
  `` auschwitz 1 '' was originally a polish army barracks that the germans converted into a concentration camp for polish political prisoners . 
  later russian prisoners of war were also interned there . 
  the idea to kill them off on a grand scale was pioneered in auschwitz 1 using the partially underground munitions bunker as a gas chamber . 
  that 's what you see in the picture in the post above . 
  no shower heads because there was no pretense about what was happening there . 
  when the nazi 's decided to murder all the jews ( rather than something else like relocate them etc. ), 
  they razed 7 towns near auschwitz 1 and built a * massive * camp called auschwitz birkenau ( `` auschwitz 2 '' ) . 
  aushwitz birkenau had two * massive * gas chambers and adjoining crematoria . 
  it was these ( purpose built ) gas chambers that had the fake shower heads . 
  people were told they would go through delousing there and were gassed , 2000 at a time . 
  i think you mean co which makes you drowsy . 
  co2 is a horrible gas to breathe , it makes your lungs ache terribly while you suffocate . 
  also not the best .
