  the reason money is flowing even though we do n't like the thought is because things would be much worse without the measures that were taken . 
  this senseless fetish for sovereignty is nothing but a problem for the future of europe . 
  if we do n't get started on properly defending the sovereignty of the eu as a whole our individual sovereignty will be bought one by one by the chinese . 
  let 's just get the eu thoroughly integrated already , without the uk if need be . 
  as a dutch phd student \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  this reads like it was written by a five-year old with anger issues . 
  i assume the french already have forces stationed at or very near ( on ships just outside territorial waters for instance ) their north african embassies ever since the libya crisis . 
  presumably they had taken into account the substantial risk that incidents like this one might happen , especially since their action in mali . 
  netherlands here , surely there mus be plenty of perfectly good cake and fois gras going into the trash to make for an acceptable diner ? 
  there is so much abjectly * wrong * with this text it 's just painful !, 
  aside from the fact that we apparently * have * to believe in a god ; apparently becoming the fucking king of one of the richest places on earth is a burden now ?!, 
  and worst of all , we 're supposed to care * for * him ?!, 
  i do n't give a shit about some self-entitled skid-mark in the annals of democracy let alone this anti-charismatic babyface !, 
  and then of course there 's the fact that this is the best thing a professional song writer could slap together !, 
  and as if that 's not bad enough he apparently represents the entire dutch people because `` we all had the opportunity to contribute '' ?!, 
  that incestuous bunch of ego-maniacal twats can go drown themselves in the north sea for all i care !, 
  it 's ironic really , the song was beautifully representative for the vacuous image of our soon-to-be king ... 
  appreciation gives the possibility of turning on the printing press , depreciation gives the need to do so ( in classic south european economics anyway ) . 
  also , politically it would also be a much more agile and integrated union so we might actually see a sensible banking union without a massive north-to-south cash flow . 
   failed austerity it 's only `` failing '' because the timing was off and now people have the mistaken impression that life could be as it was before the crisis . 
  without austerity measures and with quantitative easing this crisis would simply repeat itself in the near future . 
  the only way the northern european countries would be comfortable turning this union into a transfer union would be to first implement strict austerity measures because right now southern europe is such a mess ( financially ) that case transfers would simply be wasted money . 
  for all i care we call it quits with this version of the eu and start over with a union that only incorporates france , germany , the benelux , gb and if they want scandinavia . 
  we 'd be a powerhouse in 1 year . 
  the hell they will , they represent approximately 3 % of the electorate . 
  this is only being reported because it is now hip to be `` anti-austerity '' and over-reporting it gives the false impression that the anti-austerity view is growing in popularity even in germany . 
  in reality these are probably the people who always resented the euro anyway ( for not being the d-mark ; for not being only german ; for being different than before etc. 
  referendum, 
  so they named one parasitic being after another , seems fitting . 
  you do n't really understand what happened to cyprus do you ? 
  he who pays decides , the germans are not paying for us , they are paying for cyprus ( not just them ) . 
  no point reasoning in this thread , this is just here to satisfy op 's need for butthurt circlejerking . 
  then we better raise the romanian standard !, 
  eat the sausage and enjoy it but do n't look when it 's made because it probably wo n't look half as good ... 
  still is , they just hide it better . 
  it 's this kind of thinking that turns the fabled portuguese pessimism into a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  not everywhere in europe things are as bad as they are in portugal and rather than project your own mess on the entire union perhaps you should actually consider what you just ( probably did n't ) read . 
  austerity * does * work , portugal just never tried it until it was too late . 
  in a couple of years we 'll be back on the horse with a more firmly regulated banking sector , less bubbles to worry about and a closer european union with more competitive work-forces living in countries that no longer live quite so far above their means as before . 
  as long as turkey stays away from the euro ( zone ) and the eu they can do as they please . 
  now he 's even trying to raise taxes abroad ... 
  we 're not doing too well , 5.9 % ... could be a lot better , like 0 % . 
  this list is irrelevant , the netherlands are n't on it . 
   the list of possible professions is not exactly exhaustive ... 
  every once in a while this sort of crap pops up , who would write this sort of line anywhere else than in a children 's book ...  to prevent more anti-german sentiment , for now , the report is classified ` top secret ' , but to vima is urging the greek government to publish it . 
  yeah , it 's ` top secret ' enough that it 's on your website ... until the average greek realizes that there is no `` get out of jail free card '' and that the blame for his own problems lies primarily with greece itself there will be no solution . 
  no , because he promises people to spend money that does n't exist ; he gives people in greece false hope and has done absolutely nothing to help the situation by giving the false impression that more spending would solve their problems . 
  either he really believes what he 's saying and he ca n't do primary school level math or he does n't and he 's an idiot for not seeing the harm he does every time he completely misrepresents the greek predicament . 
  i wish people would stop asking that idiot about his opinion , he 's such a bore . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  things ca n't always be perfect . 
  when things go well people get lazy and slowly problems build up . 
  then a period of trouble ensues in which old problems are dealt with and a new , leaner situation arises which eventually gives rise to a new period of prosperity . 
  people with brains make sure that they get through the lesser periods by getting their shit together in the prosperous periods . 
  i guess we 'll see if the northern europeans really are better at this than the southerners as we so often like to think . 
  christine lagarde sends shivers down my spine nowadays . 
  maybe it 's just because she represents the imf and i 'm not fond of them either but she just seems so pleased with herself while her tenure has n't exactly shown the imf to be a force for good . 
  not amsterdam . 
  did anyone say nederdraad ? 
  if i 've learnt anything from / r/europe it 's that the portuguese will complain no matter what . 
   i remember when living in the netherlands i was pretty pissed that all the realestate was owned by a couple of groups . 
  that 's just plain untrue , in the cities some chunks of real estate belong to the building corporations because they are meant to construct affordable housing ( whether they always do is beside the point here ) . 
  otherwise there is no `` real estate cartel '' , for as far as agriculture being a `` tight-knit cartel '' , wut ? . . 
  any idiot can grow carrots in his garden , we just do n't have much land left to allot for agriculture because this is a small country with lots of people , that does not make a cartel . 
   also any political involvement had to be accompanied by `` donations '' . 
  you mean contribution to a political party you choose to affiliate yourself with ? 
  because i do n't see how else political parties ( which are not allowed to accept money from corporate sponsors here ) are supposed to keep themselves financially solvent ... as for your supporting sources ... read the comments and a few other sources to realize that the housing debt is offset by huge amounts of savings and that the poverty-line in the netherlands is a rather dubious concept as applied in your `` source '' . 
  really ? 
  i live in the netherlands and i do n't feel that way at all . 
  on the whole my taxes seem to be reasonably well spent and i never get the feeling that corruption is a problem here . 
  i know them too , but typically the people hardest hit in the nl are are people in the age-group just before retirement , ages ~ 50  . 
  this is a group of people that is unlikely to find new employment before they retire , fortunately for them , they are also generally the people who have houses they own with kids already through school . 
  sell the house , rent a smaller one and they 're fine . 
  for the ones that bought houses for much more than they were worth because `` it was such a great investment '' , sucks to be them i guess but why should someone else pay for their stupidity ? 
  what ever happened to personal responsibility ? 
  and yet my life here is still pretty awesome compared to many other europeans . 
  if we ca n`t make do with everything we have lying around we really are spoilt rotten . 
  a 10-year bond will get 1,580 % interest . 
  is has been negative for a while so a certain artificial inflation is more than likely . 
  all in all we 're not in particularly bad shape for a transit country at the tail-end of a serious crisis . 
  the comparisons are a bit strange when you consider that dutch housing debt is actually being deflated before the whole thing comes crashing down and that the `` struggle to meet deficit targets '' in the netherlands is like choosing between caviar and fois gras compared to the choices being made in other countries . 
  also , this article is about jeroen dijsselbloem , hardly about the economical troubles in the nl , seems to me like someone is editorializing ... 
  in some countries he might have been stoned for it ... 
  this whole disucssion is needlessly emotional . 
  we 're finally seeing the eu accept capitalism as it 's supposed to be , taking a risk can pay off or not . 
  it 's that simple . 
  this !, 
  this is how capitalism is supposed to work , without the risk of failure grotesque cancerous growth is the only result . 
  people need to realize that putting money in a bank entails an inherent risk and that risk and gain are directly related . 
  iceland and cyprus offered high capital gains which * must * include a greater risk . 
  the sooner people are allowed ( and forced ) to * think * for themselves in stead of settling into their usual helpless apathy the better . 
  the eu would certainly benefit from a more grown-up perspective . 
  that does n't mean the entire eu is a joke , it means italy is a joke . 
  here in the netherlands people will be laughing at 30 mbps in 2020 . 
  the bog-standard is already at 20 mbps . 
  it was a bit thin to begin with ... 
  `` austerity dictator '' ... somewhere along the way someone ( probably some idiot like alexis tsipras ) decided that `` austerity is literally nazi ideology '' and other desperate people caught on . 
  it 's not the image of germany that needs fixing , it 's the image of austerity that needs fixing . 
  as long as people in south europe fail to understand that spending more than you have ( or reasonably can expect to have soon enough ) we are going to keep having this same discussion over and over again . 
  you ca n't just keep on printing money and expecting everything to go well .
