   no really , everything is fine now !, 
  assuming it would grow at all during the negotiations . 
  there is no reason to assume all companies presently in the uk to stay . 
  especially value adding industries will undoubtedly suffer . 
  i think the renegotiation will be more than an annoyance . 
  eastern europe in general and poland in particular has been such a disappointment lately . 
  for years they gladly accepted money from western europe but now that a token form of solidarity and political maturity is requested they 're suddenly indisposed . 
  apparently poland is not the country i thought it had become . 
  that 's good to know . 
  if only people understood that a couple hundred dead is a smaller price to pay than to succumb to fear and become a police state . 
  yeah because a bunch of women getting molested is worth dumping the whole thing over . 
  just monarchs having a borrel . 
  officially : a fugitive was spotted in a car with three other men during a routine patrol by police in amsterdam . 
  the officers summoned the people in the car to exit the vehicle , when this got no results the people in the car were motivated with three shots into the hood of the car . 
  the motivation worked , three men exited the car . 
  the fourth man , the fugitive , refused to get out of the car and suddenly drove off . 
  he was shot at by the officers who then gave chase . 
  one of the cars occupants was arrested , the other two ran off . 
   with questionable ideas of how the world works . 
  you could be describing yourself right now . 
  10 second glances at passports are not always a given . 
   i can walk to another eu country , the united kingdom , but i have no desire to ... that 's great . 
  just because you ca n't be bothered to cross the border into ( an admittedly unpleasant part of ) another eu country regularly we all do n't need it . 
  do you even realize how many dutch , german , belgian , french , polish etc. 
  cross the border multiple times each week for work and shopping ? 
  local economies all along our borders will suffer greatly if schengen is allowed to fail . 
  [ hmmm !, 
  just imagine how pretty this map would look without the purple !, 
  what exactly were they going to export ? 
  nothing , that 's what . 
   despite years of learning dutch . 
  yeah right . 
  we may have been there at the same time then . 
  i agree it 's a cool place , i also liked the japanese garden behind it . 
  wroc\u0142aw has [ this thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centennial_hall ) ( it fits the current polish political climate perfectly ! ), 
  i 'm sure they can make good use of it now . 
  no it 's pretty clear ... 
  this may be true in portugal but to describe * all * young europeans this way goes a bit too far . 
  the exchange rate with the dollar has changed in the meantime , was that factored in here ? 
  i think that 's actually a perfectly valid line of reasoning . 
  fyi , `` hygge '' translates to `` gezellig '' in dutch and `` gem\u00fctlich '' in german ( i think ) . 
  there is no real english translation , it is best described as `` a state of happiness as the result of a general sense of well-being in the presence of others '' . 
  i personally think there 's nothing wrong with bathing with/in the presence of your own children until they are old enough to bath themselves . 
  i do n't believe nudity needs to be sexual and especially around young children the thought has always struck me as odd . 
  under our clothes w 're all naked , why be so nervous about it ? 
  for persons born in morocco or turkey ( and maybe a few other countries , i do n't know ) it 's impossible to give up their moroccan ( or turkish ) nationality . 
  `` once a moroccan always a moroccan '' i guess . 
  no , it would be `` u-crah-een-uh '' not `` u-cray - ** y ** een '' . 
  showing there is hope for us all yet . 
  i ca n't imagine `` stj '' sounds like a `` g '' in dutch ... 
  mind you it 's also * virtual * at this point . 
  the statement implies a willingness to do so outside of russia 's borders , this goes beyond sovereignty . 
  i 've heard about this firsthand , apparently in australia people are essentially on their own when they lose their jobs . 
  i suppose that means that a lot of old people who get fired before their pension starts have to rack up debt . 
  logically manufacturing companies are the most likely to be hesitant to leave the uk because of the massive investments required for training new staff , moving equipment , partial retooling , legal expenses etc. 
  for service companies the associated costs would be substantially lower which means they would be the more likely companies to leave after a brexit . 
  all of this is not to say british manufacturing will do as well after a brexit as they did before , after all trade will be more difficult . 
  not impossible by any means but the barrier-free trade with the reu as it is now would be gone . 
  french and german interests in manufacturing would likely mean the installment of tariffs on british manufactured goods . 
  if you look up the numbers you 'll see constanta is n't even close to the capacity of the port of rotterdam . 
  nor is its hinterland as densely populated or wealthy . 
  it 's cute that you would see a conspiracy where in reality all we see is a corrupt formerly communist country that we 'd rather keep on the other side of a border . 
  right because corruption in romania is essentially eradicated now right ? 
  do n't expect us to open our borders to someone we do n't trust ( yet ) . 
  you do n't really seem to understand what nato is . 
  such is politics . 
  who on earth would put him - or herself in such a submissive position ? 
   if things start going south in one country , it will easily spread to neighboring countries . 
  / meta a `` powder keg '' would be a better metaphor . 
  damned if he did n't give it a try though . 
  it the difference in outcomes you get between inclusive and extractive political systems . 
  a government that exists in essence to enrich itself will cause insecurity among entrepreneurs and investors thus causing people only to plan for the short term . 
  after all , god only knows what might come of your investment in a country like russia . 
  on the other side of the scale are belgium and the netherlands where an investment is safer than almost anywhere else in the world . 
  tldr . 
  that 's what they get for being such corrupt asshats . 
  i 'm not sure you take cheese seriously enough ... 
  because these are not the dark ages . 
  a part of the british population is muslim which means they must observe ramadan . 
  if christians get holidays , schools and consideration why should n't other religions ? 
   it 's a very complex issue altogether . 
  that 's so easy to say . 
  maybe people from some cultures are just never going to integrate well into ours . 
  this would be a good reason to keep them out as much as possible . 
  it 's harsh but ultimately it might save us a considerable amount of trouble . 
  letting everyone choose a side may also result in `` embarassing resignations '' . 
  a minister that lobbies hard for the losing side will be damaged goods afterwards . 
   bad food . 
  honestly that 's not really true . 
  the stereotype applies to english/welsh/scottish food and is imho entirely deserved . 
  fortunately other cuisines are widely available in the uk now which means you no longer have to eat the bad food that used to be served . 
  the same is true in much of northern europe , in the netherlands , germany ( yes yes , beer and meat ... ) and poland is definitely is at least . 
  am i really the only one who does n't care for freezing cold and snow ? 
  i visited wroclaw this summer and i liked it a lot . 
  it 's very pretty and the people were great . 
  except it absolutely is . 
  the association agreement is about pulling ukraine into our sphere of influence the ultimate if which is inclusion in the eu . 
  ukraine is poor , corrupt , politically unstable and economically essentially worthless . 
  including them , however nice some of its people might be , would be charity . 
  trade with ukraine would by no means offset the cost .
