  * sigh * . 
  as a dutch person i feel compelled to respond . 
   wow dutch people actually do have souls !, 
  i thought the cold up there made all of those people into heartless bastards . 
  to us it seems like the greeks are the heartless , a-social bastards . 
  you 've spent tons of money given to you in good faith on pools and nice cars for people * greeks voted for * and then you come knocking for our money ?!, 
  we should n't be spending it on greeks but on our own education and our sick and elderly !, 
  in stead we are forced to fork over to people who got their fair shot and fucked up !, 
  how is * that * social ?!, 
   they need to understand that greek people are not like americans or english people who will do anything the govenment tells them and never stand up for there rights as human beings . 
  there is a line . 
  im not sure where it is . 
  . but if it gets crossed there is no going back for greek people and they will revolt against these banker assholes and take there country back . 
  i do n't see why it should come to having to withstand your government in a * democracy * . 
  you guys vote for the people you resent ?!, 
  maybe you should vote for better politicians who do n't divert attention away from their own incompetence by blaming bankers for their own corruption . 
   i personally believe the only solution is to split the euro into two currencies maybe like euro a and euro b. greece , portugal , spain , italy , ireland goes into euro b and there economies prosper together and northern europe goes into euro a and they prosper together . 
  maybe a better solution is to split into the euro and the drachma in stead . 
  how should i know ? 
  it surprises me that the germans are so eager to open their borders to corrupt countries but i guess they have their reasons ... 
  the validity of dutch concerns does not depend on the opinions of others . 
  what rule are we breaking ? 
  the treaty does not state that a country * must * be accepted when it conforms to the demands of the schengen treaty but rather that it is eligible for consideration when it does . 
  as of yet , bulgaria and romania are considered unfit . 
  there was an inquiry into possible expenses fraud in the netherlands ( inspired by the british expenses scandal ) that turned up nothing juicier than a pair of sunglasses billed for by the minister of finance on a business trip . 
  so ... holier than the pope ? 
  actually , yes . 
   but it does n't mean that netherlands can now oppose their aquisition in the schengen zone only because they wish so . 
  actually , yes , it does . 
  a country has a duty to its own people to protect it from harmful influences , either from abroad or locally . 
  opening the borders to other countries means you must be able to trust their border integrity , in the cases of romania and bulgaria this is by no means sensible . 
  every time an official accepted a bribe or paid one and got away with it . 
  i find it intriguing to see how romanians and bulgarians suddenly care for * the rules * when they have something to gain from them . 
  it paints a picture of the two peoples as rather opportunistic does n't it ? 
  of course we do , why should we want countries that fail to battle corruption into our shared-border zone ? 
  illegal immigrants would simply bribe the border patrols to gain entry into essentially the entire shengen area . 
  same goes for smugglers of people and goods . 
  i see very little reason to believe that the romanian and bulgarian positions on corruption will change any time soon so neither should the dutch stance on romanian and bulgarian entry into the schengen area . 
  well ... 
  it 's from amsterdam , let 's keep it at that , 
  that 's because it 's meant to be . 
  the author is just another pissed-off greek . 
  the only novelty here is the circumspect way in which the germans are ( once again ) being passed off as nazis ( this time by pointing at the english who `` saved '' europe ) . 
  germany and france have done much to unite europe after wwii , what exactly has the uk done except whine about its past and complain about their contribution to the eu ? 
  to base one 's notions of the eu on the world during wwii is entirely beside reality and is the domain of the dimwitted ; the angry and the elderly . 
  let 's not waste any more time on this bs and move forward already , god knows the rest of the world wo n't wait for us . 
  belgium always appears to me as a country that is so clearly and rightfully devided that it 's not really a single * nation * ( that 's the word i really should have used ) . 
  tbh , i would love for flanders and the netherlands to be reunited . 
  it 's to be expected that a fraction of the wealthier french would move away . 
  to immediately see a trend seems a bit premature to me . 
  most people are too firmly rooted to just move away . 
  the belgians ( more specifically the walloons , there is n't really such a thing as a belgian of course ) would probably welcome more tax revenue . 
  i have been to greece many times , how often have you been to the netherlands ? 
  we do n't watch the german media , we have our own . 
  this notion that greeks are such hard workers seeks to have been successfully declared `` accepted '' on this / r / but in my personal experience it 's simply not true . 
  to blame the euro is exactly the kind of vacuous parroting i keep on seeing from greeks . 
  the eu and its common market was an unrivalled opportunity for greece but rather than going for it in earnest it was just treated as another soft target to mooch from . 
   well , in a strange sense , i do n't know what to say here . 
  the road now chosen by the greeks is more or less what you are proposing , and this has been established through fair elections , and if there was ever a referendum i am convinced at this point that it would be pro-euro-no-matter-what . 
  so it 's clear to me that it 's not a `` holier-than-thou '' imperialism case . 
  if greeks think that 6days weeks and 13 hours/day work are worth it , well , let em have it . 
  i just pity the part of the population that does n't want to live like that . 
   most importantly however , i feel utter contempt for a civilisation that has deified work . 
  that 's because most greeks do seem to grasp that hard work is the way out of this crisis for them . 
  that 's not the deification of work , that 's grasping the notion that * you need to work to earn anything * . 
  that goods and services do not come for free . 
  there seems to be a vocal minority ( ? ), 
  in greece that keeps harping on and on about the virtues of communism ; the failure of capitalism and the evil that are the banks and the rest of europe . 
  i 'm talking about liars like syriza who keep on going for the populist vote this way . 
  i 'm sick of hearing how the greeks were mistreated , as if there is no blame on greece at all ffs !, 
  the simple fact is that the greeks voted for nepotists who then gave their voters favors in return , the same people then enriched themselves while they were in office by making shitty deals with banks . 
  it 's not the banks that did the evil it was the people the greeks put into power . 
  if people in greece stopped voting for corrupt a-holes and started paying taxes things would improve . 
  no more houses with re-bar sticking out of the top-floor ; no more welfare for dead people and no more islands with entirely blind populations . 
  just honest work for a change . 
  i would argue with you but in this case i 'm pretty sure time will tell . 
  oh what the hell ... what money would buy these phones and this oil ? 
  the only option to regain any credit worthiness for the greeks after the exit and subsequent exponential inflation of the drachma would be serious collateral . 
  probably the chinese would take their chance and offer to `` help greece '' out in return for another port , or maybe customs-free imports into greece , perhaps they would buy the parthenon ? 
  in any event greece would be exchanging the rhetorical european shackles for chinese ones , probably not an ideal situation but still better than letting people starve in the street because the greek farmers could not grow enough food once their equipment started failing without money for repairs or replacements . 
  eventually greece would slowly start to get back to it 's feet but it will be outside the common market and deeply indebted to the chinese . 
  the alternative is to stop this rambling self-important bollocks about communism and european imperialism and finally start working and paying taxes . 
  this whole `` woe be to the greeks '' holier-than-thou crap is really getting old . 
  except that the m in m.a.d. 
  is no longer actual . 
  were greece to leave the eurozone now the financial risk to the rest of the eurozone is limited , it will cost money but it wo n't be the financial downfall of the eurozone as it was last year . 
  the best the greeks can do is buck up and work hard and pay off as much debt as possible by privatizing railways etc. 
  so that they can stay in the euro , the alternative is one or two decades of africa-type poverty followed by a very slow improvement . 
  quite right , i 've spoken to many greeks lately and you would n't believe the things they tell of !, 
  some of them are already working more than 8 days a week !, 
  and i doubt we will , the issue seems to have been relegated to the past in recent years . 
  the vvd is probably quite fluid on this point as their conservative side is in favor and their liberal side is against . 
  i would n't be surprised if this was little more than a bargaining chip in the next formation , after all it 's not really a success so it 's unlikely they 'll stick to it too vocally . 
  in the netherlands the past is seen differently . 
  nobody wants the netherlands to go back to pre-industrial times because that 's ~ 140 years ago for us . 
  in stead a return to the past would be a return to industrialization , a period in which rampant pollution and social inequality created all sorts of trouble we 're still fixing now . 
  generally the move away from dirty and unsustainable industry is considered the next step in the evolution away from and agricultural society through an industrialized society towards a clean , green , post-modern type society . 
  oh i see i missed a column . 
  basically when the last government was blown up by geert wilders and his `` party for freedom '' 5 parties came together and came up with a compromise program for 2013 to keep the government deficit under 3 % , the program entails a number of administrative and legislative measures which make it a sort of mini-coalition agreement until a more solid and complete framework can be devised by the new government . 
  since when are they supporting the government ?
