  leather jackets do n't exactly exude the sort of reassuring dullness i hope for in a politician . 
  i would honestly suggest you go out and purchase good looking clothing more than anything else . 
  i do n't know your life of course but if you dress perfectly averagely for an american it 's high time you stopped wearing sports shoes as regular street shoes ( better yet , sports clothes in general when not engaging in sports ) ; overly functional clothing like zip-off pants ; ( socks in ) sandals and poorly fitted shirts . 
  i know it sounds kind of gay but trust me , if you want to be taken seriously you should spend some time figuring out how you look and how you should look . 
  considering that belgium has three official languages this is pretty embarrassing . 
  oh look the belgians are being bitter again , nice to see some things never change . 
  not to be harsh but who even cares ? 
  honestly , it 's basically small town 's worth of people . 
  join already , or do n't i do n't really care . 
   bought a macbook  2500 euros . 
   lucky me :3 uh yeah ... 
  think about it , the odds of there being a * living * second bomber on the original site are quite small and there * will * be people scrambling towards the nearest exit which is probably going to be a chokepoint . 
  you do whatever you please but i 'm going to the site of the first blast . 
  remember , run towards the site of the first explosion . 
  it 's pretty likely that they 'll use this tactic again . 
  bonus : might as well help someone while you 're there . 
  my phd in inorganic chemistry . 
  do you even know what `` neoliberal '' means ? 
  donetsk is in no way the * border of europe * . 
  a large part of russia is in europe so it 's not a geographical border . 
  donetsk is n't in the eu so it is n't a political border for europe either . 
   this is not about political correctness , this is about the safety of the country , which is more important than anything . 
  bullshit , the odds of anyone dying because of terrorism are infinitesimally small while the odds of losing civil liberties because easily scared individuals adopt this attitude are very significant . 
  this response is why terrorism works . 
  oh please , as if the constant ( and substantial ) qe programs in the states are n't basically a tax for us as well . 
  our foreign reserves of dollars are constantly being devalued by qe so you certainly are n't paying for your military all by yourself . 
  i forgot the word `` again '' in my original post ... : - / there we go . 
  i honestly doubt that . 
  modern reactive laminated armor would probably stand up very poorly against a barrage of explosive 30mm shells from above . 
   but there 's like half as many dutch people as there are belgians . 
  16.9 m * vs. * 11.2 m people ... 
  i 'd argue that right now it 's the benelux making the eu obsolete more than the other way around . 
  apparently the eu is too impotent to arrange a serious common defense policy so it has to be arranged by `` obsolete '' political entities . 
  i have met belgians often enough to realize they will never stop being unnecessarily unpleasant to dutch people , add to that that belgium is a fairly ugly country with crappy roads and you get a country i do n't really care for anymore . 
  take it , leave it , whatever . 
  as long as flanders never joins the netherlands i 'm happy . 
  i like brexit supporters because they are a problem that might actually solve itself . 
  i do n't miss them , i do n't even really think about them . 
  belgium gets something terrible in all of these . 
  do n't worry , we do n't really want serbia as a `` province '' either . 
  [ first hit when i googled `` foods that contain iodine '' . 
  ] ( http://bembu.com/iodine-rich-foods ) table salt has been iodized since god knows when . 
  we do n't run them though . 
  to protect ourselves against belgian nuclear accidents , fantastic . 
   meanwhile some countries have lost their entire economies - to the tune of who knows how many billions of euros - and here we are celebrating that we 're saving some pennies on our phone bills . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_roaming_regulations $ 0.05 / mb is doable for now , not many mobile applications require gbs in the foreseeable future . 
  say what you will but for people who use smartphones the eu is a godsend . 
  one type of charger and no more roaming costs . 
  alternative d\u00fcr feutschland ? 
  that sounds about right , all i said is i do n't want the netherlands to be like the uk . 
  is that belligerent to you ? 
  not surprising really , weasels in the wrong places can end marriages !, 
  i 've been to your country and i can honestly say that that is not it . 
  how about we spend 1 % completely on the development of nuclear weapons in the eu ? 
  everyone who dares attack the eu gets a mouthful of european nuclear fury . 
  it works for the french , why not the rest of us ? 
   yeah but it 's such a stupid argument to just assume that there will be weimar style hyperinflation . 
  would you buy drachma ? 
  would you lend money to greece ? 
  unless you assume the answer to either question will be `` yes '' for a substantial number of people hyperinflation is the logical future of the new drachma . 
   inflation would actually help their trade balance , not the opposite . 
  this is such a stupid argument . 
  * some * inflation , say tens of percent first year followed by a stable few percent in the years following , would be helpful . 
  hyperinflation on the other hand would just make the drachma literally worthless and would leave greece destitute with no way to solve its problems . 
  basically murdering the concept of ever closer union as a core concept of the eu is not `` leftovers '' . 
  it 's a tragedy that was n't worth it compared to brexit . 
  she was in turkey when she was arrested . 
  for saying something while in the netherlands . 
   not in netherlands you 're wrong . 
  a dutch journalist got arrested for writing something about erdogan while * in the netherlands * . 
  her house was also burgled while she was arrested , her house * in the netherlands * . 
  the turkish government is a dictatorial regime of thugs , let 's not pretend otherwise . 
  `` the long arm of erdogan '' . 
  the woman is the dutch journalist that was arrested in turkey for her writings in the netherlands . 
  last night her house was also broken into , presumably by turks who wrote `` whore '' ( in dutch `` hoer '' ) on her wall . 
  at 1500 w per household that 's a bit ridiculous though . 
  i would say 3000 households is a bit closer to reality . 
  this sort of integrative measures is why i 'm really hoping for brexit to happen . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  k thanks bye !, 
  just leave one of the largest , most profitable markets behind because you have to clean up after yourselves . 
  we 'll be waiting for the company that takes your place , it 's all the same gasoline anyway . 
  and german companies limit press freedom ? 
  fyi `` fucking ants '' and putting `` salt on snails '' basically means erdogan is looking for things to be angry about . 
  `` fucking goats '' means he enjoys copulating with cloven-hooved herbivores . 
  or course not , who would say no to free money . 
  i hope so but a lot of people seem to be very enthusiastic about the dead wood the eu acquired in recent decades . 
  with every news article about ukraine i feel better for voting `` no '' . 
  that much was obvious , i refer to my previous comment . 
   not exactly a glowing recommendation of the system . 
  it 's not exactly a glowing `` recommendation '' of the swiss . 
  the system functioned as it was supposed to . 
  oh please !, 
  if people were really that stupid and uninformed they should n't get to vote at all !, 
  please take your victorian mindset back to the 19th century where it belongs . 
  is n't that what the cv90 is supposed to be for ? 
  germany finally becomes part of groot nederland . 
  in the end it would change nothing and leave two pilots dead . 
  no gain and two families have to miss their fathers/brothers .
